<doc id="36688507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688507" title="William More (died 1600)">
William More (died 1600)

Sir William More (30 January 1520 – 20 July 1600), of Loseley, Surrey, was the son of Sir Christopher More. He was actively involved in local administration and in the enforcement of the Elizabethan religious settlement, and was a member of every Parliament during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I. He was the owner of property in the Blackfriars in which the first and second Blackfriars theatres were erected.
Family.
William More was the son of Sir Christopher More, King's Remembrancer of the Exchequer (c.1483–16 August 1549), and Margaret Mugge or Mudge, the daughter of Walter Mugge (d.1495) or Mudge of Guildford, Surrey, by his wife, Joan. He was the grandson of a London fishmonger, John More, and his wife, Elizabeth. After the death of Margaret Mugge, More's father married, by 1535, Constance Sackville (d.1554), the daughter of Richard Sackville, but there were no issue of his second marriage.
More had four brothers (Richard, two brothers named Christopher, and John), all of whom died without issue, and seven sisters, Elizabeth; Cecily; Margaret, who married Thomas Fiennes, brother of the Lord Dacre; Eleanor, who married William Heneage of Milton; Bridget, who married a husband surnamed Compton, of Guernsey; Anne, who married John Scarlett; and Elizabeth, who married John Wintershall or Wintershull.
Career.
No evidence survives of More's education. His political career began early. He was elected to the Parliament of 1539 under King Henry VIII, and both he and his father were elected to the Parliament of 1547, his father as Knight of the Shire and William as the Member for Reigate. More is said to have avoided the 'political entanglements' of the reign of King Edward VI, and in particular to have avoided involvement in the Duke of Northumberland's attempt to place Lady Jane Grey on the throne after the young King's death. During King Edward's reign More developed close connections with an influential courtier, William Parr, 1st Marquess of Northampton, the brother of Henry VIII's last wife, Catherine Parr, an association which is said to have been an indication of More's 'Protestant convictions'. In some of his letters from that time Northampton refers to More as his servant.
He was elected three times as the MP for Guildford (in 1553, 1554 and 1555). According to Robison, during the reign of Queen Mary I, More's religious views, like those of another of his close friends, Sir Thomas Cawarden, were Protestant. More 'opposed Marian religious policy in the 1555 parliament, was hauled before the council for "lewd words" in 1556, and was reprimanded for his remissness in investigating conventicles in 1557'. Nonetheless, the Privy Council gave him 'important responsibilities' during the final months of Mary's reign, and with the accession of a Protestant sovereign in November 1558, More's career 'flourished'. A succession of appointments quickly came his way. He was Sheriff of Surrey and Sussex in 1558–9, Vice-Admiral of Sussex from 1559, verderer of Windsor Forest in 1561, Constable of Farnham Castle in 1565, and Deputy Lieutenant for Surrey and Sussex from 1569.
From 1562 to 1568 More built Loseley House, described as ‘the best house of its date in the county’. According to Nichols, More entertained the Queen there in 1577, and again in 1591. According to Robison, the Queen also visited Loseley in 1567, 1569 and 1583.
More was appointed a commissioner for ecclesiastical causes in 1572, and both before and after that appointment actively assisted with the regime's enforcement of religious reform, dealing with sects such as the Family of Love as well as with Catholic recusants. Despite this, More was a lifelong friend of Anthony Browne, 1st Viscount Montague, who had Catholic sympathies and who openly opposed the Elizabethan religious settlement. More was also a friend of Montague's son-in-law, Henry Wriothesley, 2nd Earl of Southampton, who was for a time his prisoner at Loseley. On 15 July 1570 the Privy Council placed Southampton in More's custody after it was learned that he had secretly met with John Lesley, Bishop of Ross, in Lambeth Marsh. More was instructed to induce Southampton to take part in Protestant devotions in his household, and after doing so, Southampton was allowed his freedom in November 1570. However a year later, in September 1571, under questioning about the Ridolfi plot, the Bishop of Ross incriminated Southampton by revealing the entire contents of their secret conversation at Lambeth. Southampton was arrested at the end of October and confined to the Tower for eighteen months. He was finally released on 1 May 1573, and again placed in More's custody at Loseley until 14 July. Although More had been Southampton's jailer, relations between them were more than cordial; on 6 October 1573 Southampton wrote elatedly to More to announce the birth of his son and heir, Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton.
More was knighted by Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester, acting on behalf of the Queen, at Pyrford, Surrey, on 14 May 1576.
More served in every Parliament during Queen Elizabeth I's reign. He was Member for Grantham in Lincolnshire in 1559, for Guildford in Surrey in 1572, 1589 and 1597, and sat as Knight of the Shire for Surrey in 1563, 1571, 1584, 1586 and 1593. He was Sheriff of Surrey a second time for 1579–80.
More died 20 July 1600. He was buried in the Loseley Chapel in St. Nicolas' Church, Guildford, where a monument depicts More, his second wife, Margaret Daniel, and their three children.
Many letters and other documents concerning Sir William More have survived in the Loseley manuscripts.
More and the Blackfriars.
On 12 March 1550 Edward VI had granted to More's friend, Sir Thomas Cawarden, a large part of the site of the former Blackfriars monastery in London which Cawarden had been leasing since 4 April 1548. Cawarden died in 1559, and More, who was his executor, acquired the property in that year from Lady Cawarden. According to notes made by More (Folger Library MS L.b.425), and other documents, More leased part of the property on 10 June 1560 to Sir Henry Neville and then, at Neville's request, to Richard Farrant, who converted the premises into a playhouse for the Children of the Chapel. Farrant also sublet part of the premises, for which infraction More claimed Farrant had forfeited his lease, but before More could regain possession, Farrant died on 30 November 1580, leaving the lease in his will to his widow, Anne, the daughter of Richard Bower (d.1561), Master of the Choristers of the Chapel Royal. On 20 December 1581, after Farrant's death and after Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester, had intervened on behalf of William Hunnis, Master of the Children of the Chapel, Farrant's widow, Anne, sublet the premises in the Blackfriars to Hunnis and John Newman. Hunnis and Newman later transferred their interest to a Welsh scrivener, Henry Evans. More than brought suit in June 1583 against Evans, and in Michaelmas term 1583, after first appealing to Sir Francis Walsingham, Anne Farrant brought suit against both Hunnis and Newman. In November 1583 Hunnis petitioned the Queen, and in January 1584 both Hunnis and Newman sued Anne Farrant. In the midst of this legal confusion, as Wallace puts it, 'the Earl of Oxford stepped in', and Evans sold his sublease to Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford, who retained it for some months before granting it in June 1583 to his servant, John Lyly. Finally, after a delay of a year, the court gave judgment in More's favour in his lawsuit against Evans. More was granted possession of the Blackfriars property in Easter term 1584, and the first Blackfriars theatre was closed.
In January 1596 More sold part of his property in the Blackfriars for £600 to James Burbage, who turned it into the second Blackfriars theatre. However residents of the Blackfriars successfully petitioned the Privy Council to forbid playing there, and in 1599 Burbage leased the property to the same Henry Evans whom More had earlier sued.
Marriages and issue.
More married firstly, before 12 June 1545, Mabel Dingley, the daughter of Mark or Marchion Dingley of Wolverton in the Isle of Wight. There were no issue of the marriage, and after her death More married, by 1551, Margaret Daniell, the daughter and heiress of Ralph Daniell of Swaffham, Norfolk, by Katherine Marrowe, by whom he had a son and two daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="36688509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688509" title="Muhammad Halim">
Muhammad Halim

Muhammad Halim (born in Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands) is a Virgin Islander athlete. At the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games, he won a silver medal in the men's long jump event. He also broke the territory's men's triple jump record at the 2011 MSU Legacy with 16.61 metres, also his personal best. Halim competed in the Men's triple jump event at the 2012 Summer Olympics but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36688526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688526" title="South London Boroughs">
South London Boroughs

South London Boroughs is the debut EP release by English electronic musician Burial, released on the Hyperdub label in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36688527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688527" title="William More (by 1511–68 or later)">
William More (by 1511–68 or later)

William More (by 1511-1568 or later), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Derby in November 1554 and 1563.

</doc>
<doc id="36688532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688532" title="The Symbol of the Unconquered">
The Symbol of the Unconquered

The Symbol of the Unconquered (aka The Wilderness Trail) is a 1920 silent "race film" drama produced, written and directed by Oscar Micheaux. 
This film is Micheaux's fourth feature length film and along with "Within Our Gates" is amongst his earliest surviving works. This film was made at Fort Lee, New Jersey and released by Micheaux on November 29, 1920. A print of the film is extant at the Museum of Modern Art in New York. 

</doc>
<doc id="36688543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688543" title="Hélène Darroze">
Hélène Darroze

Hélène Darroze (born 23 February 1967) is a French chef. She has held two Michelin stars at one time or another in each of her two restaurants, Hélène Darroze at the Connaught in London and Restaurant Hélène Darroze in Paris.
Career.
In 1990, after graduating from university, she began working for Alain Ducasse in the office of the Le Louis XV restaurant in Monaco. She was convinced to enter the kitchen by Ducasse; it was her only time working elsewhere than her family restaurant, and she later said that she was working in the office about half the time. After working for Ducasse for three years, she returned to her family's restaurant and kept its existing Michelin star. After the restaurant suffered financial difficulties and closed in 1999, she opened Restaurant Hélène Darroze in Paris and won her first Michelin star in 2001, picking up a second in 2003. The second star was lost in the 2010 version of the guide.
In 2008, she was named as the new chef at the Connaught in London, replacing Angela Hartnett, who had operated Angela Hartnett at The Connaught there on behalf of Gordon Ramsay Holdings. Darroze took over as part of a £70m refurbishment of the hotel, and in addition to the restaurant, she is also responsible for of the hotel's catering services. Hélène Darroze at the Connaught was panned by restaurant critics when it first opened. Food critic Jay Rayner described the food there as "Two of the very worst dishes ever to be served to me at this level". Despite this, the restaurant was awarded a Michelin star in 2009, and then a second star two years later in 2011.
In 2012, she was admitted into the French Legion of Honour as a Chevalier (Knight) by President Nicolas Sarkozy.
Personal life.
Darroze is a fourth generation chef, the previous three having run a family restaurant in Villeneuve-de-Marsan, France. Before becoming a professional chef, she took a degree in business. She was also the inspiration for the character Colette in Pixar Animation Studios' 2007 film "Ratatouille".
She has two adopted daughters from Vietnam, Charlotte and Quiterie. She alternates on a weekly basis between staying in London and in Paris, in order to split her time between her two restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="36688547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688547" title="Den Thelo Na Thimame">
Den Thelo Na Thimame

Den thelo na thimame (Greek: "Δεν θέλω να θυμάμαι"; ) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Tolis Voskopoulos. It was released in December, 1982 by Columbia/Minos EMI in Greece. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in the 1990s by EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="36688555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688555" title="List of state leaders in 311 BC">
List of state leaders in 311 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36688556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688556" title="Carlos Ascues">
Carlos Ascues

Carlos Antonio Ascues Ávila (born 6 June 1992) is a Peruvian footballer who plays at centre-back for Universidad San Martin on loan from Panetolikos.
Club career.
Ascues moved up to the Alianza Lima first team in the 2011 season. He finally made his league debut in the Torneo Descentralizado on 15 May 2011 in the 0–2 away win over Sport Huancayo.
On 11 August 2012, he signed for Benfica and was moved to its B team. On 21 August 2013, he signed a two-year contract with Panetolikos.
In January 2014 he joined Universidad San Martin in a one-year loan deal.
International career.
He featured for and was captain of the Peru U20 side in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36688563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688563" title="William Hammond (died 1575)">
William Hammond (died 1575)

William Hammond (by 1525-1575), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Guildford in October 1553, April 1554 and 1558.

</doc>
<doc id="36688564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688564" title="Marina Bay, Gibraltar">
Marina Bay, Gibraltar

Marina Bay is the largest of three marinas in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar, at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula. It is located in the Bay of Gibraltar, between the North Mole of Gibraltar Harbour and the runway of Gibraltar International Airport. Marina Bay and the adjacent Ocean Village Marina together have been incorporated into the Ocean Village Project.
History.
Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula, has three marinas. These include Marina Bay, Ocean Village Marina, and Queensway Quay Marina. Marina Bay is the largest of the trio and is located on Gibraltar's Westside, just outside the northern end of Gibraltar Harbour, in the Bay of Gibraltar, next to the airport runway. It is adjacent to Ocean Village Marina which is just to its south. However, Marina Bay now forms part of the Ocean Village Project. Ocean Village Marina is the old Sheppard's Marina or Sheppard's Yard. Marina Bay and Ocean Village Marina together have been incorporated into the Ocean Village Project, between the North Mole and the airport runway. 
Until recently, Marina Bay had approximately 210 berths, and could accommodate vessels up to in length and with a draft (or draught) of . However, after a recent expansion (see below), the marina can handle yachts with a length of up to . Gibraltar's Yacht Reporting Berth closed in late 2005 and customs clearance of vessels is now handled by each marina. Each berth at Marina Bay has access to telephone service, as well as metered electricity and fresh water. Other support services for the berths include Wi-Fi, satellite TV, showers, laundry, and concierge service. Petrol and diesel are available duty-free at the fuel quay (wharf) outside the marina. The majority of Gibraltar's sailing schools are based at Marina Bay. The marina has a supermarket, as well as a variety of restaurants and taverns. 
Construction of Marina Bay was completed between 1979 and 1981. It was previously operated by Marina Bay Complex Ltd, and was acquired by Ocean Village Investments Ltd in 2006. In the interval since the acquisition, both marinas, Marina Bay and Ocean Village, have been modernised, expanded, and incorporated into the Ocean Village Project, a large waterfront development. The development features three 17-storey towers, with both residential and commercial space. The towers, with blue glass balconies, include Grand Ocean Plaza, Majestic Ocean Plaza, and Royal Ocean Plaza. The two marinas, Marina Bay and Ocean Village, together offer 330 berths for vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="36688566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688566" title="Andrés Cadavid">
Andrés Cadavid

Andrés Cadavid (born December 28, 1985 in Medellín, Colombia) is a Colombian footballer who plays for Millonarios on loan from San Luis.

</doc>
<doc id="36688579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688579" title="Distant Lights (EP)">
Distant Lights (EP)

Distant Lights is a second EP release by English electronic musician Burial released on Hyperdub label in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36688586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688586" title="Lucy Talbot">
Lucy Talbot

Lucy Talbot (born 26 April 1989) is a New Zealand field hockey player. She has competed for the New Zealand women's national field hockey team (the "Black Sticks Women") since 2009, including for the team at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
In May 2012, Talbot broke her left hand at a training session in Napier, which required surgery to repair, and subsequently missed out on selection for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Talbot was born in Auckland, and attended St Cuthbert's College.

</doc>
<doc id="36688601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688601" title="Jordan Schur">
Jordan Schur

Jordan Schur is co-chairman and CEO of the film production company Mimran Schur Pictures. He is also the former President of Geffen Records and the founder of Flip Records and Suretone Records.
Career.
A veteran of the music and film entertainment industries, Jordan Schur has garnered a reputation for creating and overseeing innovative and highly profitable ventures. Schur's first major success was Flip Records, a music label he created in 1994 that launched the careers of world renowned artists such as Limp Bizkit and Staind. Flip Records remains to present day one of only a handful of music labels to have an artist sell over 1M records in the first week of release, an achievement Flip Records was able to accomplish several times. Under Schur's guidance, Flip Records went on to sell over 70M records as the company became a legendary brand in music. 
In 1999, Schur began his successful tenure of almost a decade as President of Geffen Records at Universal Music Group where he merged the original Geffen Records with MCA Records and DreamWorks Records – the newly expanded company went on to become the market share leader in the industry generating over 2B in sales. Schur has worked with some of the world's most successful chart-topping artists ranging from Nirvana, Guns N’ Roses, Snoop Dogg, Mary J Blige, Rob Zombie, Ashlee Simpson, Sigur Ros, Common, The Roots, Sonic Youth, Blink 182, Enrique Iglesias, Beck, Nelly Furtado, and Counting Crows, to name a few. 
Suretone Entertainment, which Schur founded in 2006 as Suretone Records as the home where artists such as The Cure, Weezer, Chris Cornell, Angels & Airwaves, and Shwayze all found great success, has grown into a broader company over the last 8 years as the company dove into film development, financing, and production, as well as music artist management. 
Schur has enjoyed a successful run as a film producer, having produced and financed films including the highly regarded "Stone", starring Robert De Niro, Edward Norton, and Milla Jovovich, as well as the much-heralded "Warrior", starring Tom Hardy, Joel Edgerton, and Nick Nolte, and which garnered an Academy Award nomination. Schur also produced the critically acclaimed "Henry's Crime", starring Keanu Reeves, James Caan, and Vera Farmiga, and as well produced and financed with Lionsgate the film "Rapture-Palooza", the youth based comedy starring Craig Robinson and Anna Kendrick, which was released last summer. 
Schur in 2012 founded Suretone Pictures, where he has since released several notable films, including last summer's "Pawn Shop Chronicles", which starred Paul Walker in one of his last films before his unfortunate passing, as well as Elijah Wood, Brendan Fraser, Matt Dillon and others. Suretone Pictures current slate of films in development and production include the upcoming "Five Against a Bullet" in partnership with Sony/Columbia Pictures, as well as "Revenge Wedding" in association with Lionsgate.
Schur in 2014, in partnership with Cinsay, launched Suretone Live, the world's first syndicatable e-commerce and social media driven music content destination. With video commerce technology pioneer Cinsay, Suretone Live allows a global music portal to host music, video, exclusively produced music content, merchandise, pay-per-view events from a compilation of signed venues, festivals, and artists worldwide through the multi-patented global platform of Cinsay as consumers watch, shop, and share all variations of music content.

</doc>
<doc id="36688609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688609" title="John Torrence Tate, Sr.">
John Torrence Tate, Sr.

John Torrence Tate, Sr. (1889–1950) was an American physicist noted for his editorship of "Physical Review" between 1926 and 1950. He is the father of mathematician John Torrence Tate Jr.
Biography.
Tate was born on 28 July 1889 in Lenox, Iowa. He attended the University of Nebraska, studying electrical engineering, earning a BS in 1910. He continued at the University of Nebraska, shifting his focus to physics and earning an MA in 1912. Like many American students interested in pursuing advanced degrees in physics, he departed for Germany to further his studies, earning a PhD under James Franck in 1914, with a dissertation on "The Heat of Vaporization of Metals." He returned to the University of Nebraska as a faculty member, where he stayed until 1916, when he was offered a post at the University of Minnesota. With the exception of brief sabbaticals to conduct war-related work, Tate remained at Minnesota for the following 34 years. Tate Laboratory of Physics at the University of Minnesota is named in his honor.
Editor of "Physical Review".
While a professor at the University of Minnesota, Tate presided over the growth of the "Physical Review" into a high impact journal. Physicist John H. Van Vleck, who was a colleague of Tate's at Minnesota from 1923 to 1928, recalled that in the early 20th century ""The Physical Review" was only so-so, especially in theory, and in 1922 I was greatly pleased that my doctor’s thesis was accepted for publication by the "Philosophical Magazine" in England . . . By 1930 or so, the relative standings of "The Physical Review" and Philosophical Magazine were interchanged." Al Nier and John Van Vleck credited the rapid growth of the journal's size and influence in the 1920s to Tate's sensitivity to the importance of the emerging quantum revolution, and in particular the rapidity with which he published papers relating to quantum phenomena.

</doc>
<doc id="36688614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688614" title="List of state leaders in 310 BC">
List of state leaders in 310 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36688616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688616" title="Elk-Foot of the Taos Tribe">
Elk-Foot of the Taos Tribe

Elk-Foot of the Taos Tribe is a 1909 painting which is considered to be the masterwork of E. Irving Couse. 
The painting was purchased for the United States national art collection by the well-known art collector William T. Evans and is now displayed in the collections of the Smithsonian American Art Museum. The painting measures 78 1/4 x 36 3/8 in. (198.6 x 92.4 cm.)
Elk-foot, whose anglicized name was Jerry Mirabal, began posing for Couse in 1907 and was one of the painter's favorite subjects because of his "physical beauty and ideal features."
The painting seems inaccurate, however. A coup stick would be carried by North Americans, but not by the Taos tribe. The blanket Elk-Foot wears is from England, and his moccasins were from Couse's studio, and weren't used during the Taos period.

</doc>
<doc id="36688624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688624" title="Infighting in the Gulf Cartel">
Infighting in the Gulf Cartel

The infighting in the Gulf Cartel refers to a series of confrontations between the Metros and the Rojos, two factions within Gulf Cartel that engaged in a power struggle directly after the death of the drug lord Samuel Flores Borrego in September 2011. The infighting has lasted through 2013, although the Metros have gained the advantage and regained control of the major cities controlled by the cartel when it was essentially one organization.
Originally, the two factions were formed in the late 1990s by Osiel Cárdenas Guillén, the former leader of the criminal organization. After the drug lord's arrest and extradition in 2003 and 2007 respectively, the control of the Gulf Cartel went on to his brother Antonio Cárdenas Guillén ("Tony Tormenta") and close associate Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez ("El Coss"). But the differences between the two factions began in 2010, when Juan Mejía González of the Rojos was overlooked as the regional boss for Reynosa, Tamaulipas during a cartel shift and appointed to a less-important territory. In the assignment, Flores Borrego of the Metros was given Reynosa, suggesting that the Metros were above the Rojos. When Antonio was killed by the Mexican marines on 5 November 2010 in Matamoros, Tamaulipas, his faction – the Rojos – perceived that the Metros had tipped the Mexican authorities to Antonio's whereabouts. Those who were more loyal to the Cárdenas drug family stayed with the Rojos, while those loyal to Costilla Sánchez stayed in the Metros.
In efforts to seek revenge for the death of their leader, Mejía González and Rafael Cárdenas Vela, the nephew of Antonio, allegedly ordered the execution of Flores Borrego, the second-in-command in the Metros faction. With his death, both two factions turned their guns against each other and went to war in the Mexican northern state of Tamaulipas, and reportedly offered information to U.S. authorities on the location of cartel members hiding in the United States. In the infighting, many high-ranking members of the Gulf Cartel have been killed or arrested. In some cases, however, the drug-related violence extended across the U.S-Mexico border in South Texas, prompting debates on the possibility of "spillover violence" from the Mexican Drug War.
The fight has forced the Rojos to barricade in Matamoros, Tamaulipas while the Metros make their final incursions to put them down. In order to do so, Costilla Sánchez of the Metros allegedly worked with the Sinaloa Cartel and Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán. Nonetheless, after the arrests of Costilla Sánchez and Cárdenas Guillén, it is difficult to predict what fate lies ahead for the Gulf Cartel and Mexico's criminal underworld.
Background.
In the late 1990s, Osiel Cárdenas Guillén, the former leader of the Gulf Cartel, had other similar groups besides Los Zetas established in several cities in Tamaulipas. Each of these groups were identified by their radio codes: the Rojos were based in Reynosa; the Metros were headquartered in Matamoros; and the Lobos were established in Laredo. The infighting between the Metros and the Rojos of the Gulf Cartel began in 2010, when Juan Mejía González, nicknamed "El R-1", was overlooked as the candidate of the regional boss of Reynosa and was sent to the "Frontera Chica," an area that emcompasses Miguel Alemán, Camargo and Ciudad Mier – directly across the U.S-Mexico border from Starr County, Texas. The area that Mejía González wanted was given to Samuel Flores Borrego, suggesting that the Metros were above the Rojos.
Unconfirmed information released by "The Monitor" indicated that two leaders of the Rojos, Mejía González and Rafael Cárdenas Vela, teamed up to kill Flores Borrego. Cárdenas Vela had held a grudge on Flores Borrego and the Metros because he believed that they had led the Mexican military to track down and kill his uncle Antonio Cárdenas Guillén ("Tony Tormenta") in 5 November 2010. Other sources indicate that the infighting could have been caused by the suspicions that the Rojos were "too soft" on the Gulf Cartel's bitter enemy, Los Zetas. When the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas split in early 2010, some members of the Rojos stayed with the Gulf Cartel, while others decided to leave and join the forces of Los Zetas.
InSight Crime explains that the fundamental disagreement between the Rojos and the Metros was over leadership. Those who were more loyal to the Cárdenas family stayed with the Rojos, while those loyal to Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez, like Flores Borrego, defended the Metros.
Originally, the Gulf Cartel was running smoothly, but the infighting between the two factions in the Gulf Cartel triggered when Flores Borrego was killed on 2 September 2011. When the Rojos turned on the Metros, the largest faction in the Gulf Cartel, firefights broke throughout Tamaulipas and drug loads were stolen among each other, but the Metros managed to retained control of the major cities that stretched from Matamoros to Miguel Alemán, Tamaulipas. Two other factions in the cartel, Los Ciclones and Los Escorpiones, reportedly engaged in a power struggle on 1 February 2012 in Matamoros.
'Spillover' violence.
On 27 September 2011 at around 2 a.m. in McAllen, Texas, fatal gunshots were exchanged from one vehicle to another along an expressway. A man named Jorge Zavala and a 22-year-old man were victims of an attack perpetrated by unknown shooters traveling in a dark-colored SUV from a Chevrolet Tahoe, causing them to lose control of the vehicle and crash along the expressway. The local police did not find a motive for the attack, but sources told "The Monitor" that Zavala had ties with a faction of the Gulf Cartel in the Mexican border cities of Matamoros and Reynosa, showing signs that his assassination was due to an "internal power struggle" in the organization. Zavala died instantly at the scene, while the other man was taken to the hospital in critical condition. The McAllen Police Department refused to comment on how many gunshots were fired, but the preliminary autopsy revealed that Zavala died of multiple gunshots, not from the crash. Public records prove that Zavala's criminal history dates back to 1995, while sources familiar with the victim stated that he was a close associate of the drug lord Gregorio Sauceda-Gamboa. A local law enforcement official who asked not to be identified stated that Samuel Flores Borrego's death and the power struggle in the organization may explain Zavala's death. Hours after Zavala's death, a series of grenade attacks prompted in Reynosa, Río Bravo, and Ciudad Victoria, while an intense gunfight took place in Matamoros, Tamaulipas.
After Samuel Flores Borrego was killed, the Gulf Cartel had lost many of its drug loads to rival groups and its own members, so when the new leader was appointed, "one of the first directives issued was to recuperate its losses."
It is unclear how, but several Gulf Cartel members traced one of their stolen loads to a stash house of suspected dealers in Elsa, Texas on 1 November 2011. The cartel then called on an American-based prison gang to go and buy the loads to learn the location of the stash house. The gang dealers then went and bought the drugs from the dealers, but realized that it was not at the stash house were the goods were allegedly hidden. In an attempt to disclose the information to the dealers, the gang members kidnapped them, and that was when two country sheriffs received an emergency call a possible kidnapping. The policemen then spotted the gang member's Ford F-150 pickup truck and ordered the drivers to stop. While one of the policemen was speaking to the driver, the other approached the passenger window and was shot with a 9 mm gun. The policeman managed to survive because he was wearing a bullet vest. One of the gang members, however, was killed; the other was shot in the head and remained in critical condition.
On Memorial Day weekend in 2011, an alleged member of the Gulf Cartel pretended to be a policeman (he was in full uniform, with a pistol, handcuffs, and an embroidered shirt) and abducted a man named Ovidio Guerrero Olivares near Alton, Texas. Guerrero has not been seen by his family members and court records indicate that he "wasn’t even the target of a Gulf Cartel-ordered kidnapping." The police learned more about the kidnapping when they arrested a some cartel members in Mission, Texas; one of the detainees admitted that Guerrero Olivares was kidnapped after the cartel boss in Miguel Alemán, Tamaulipas issued a list of several people he wanted to be kidnapped in the Rio Grande Valley and sent south into Mexico for questioning after a load of cocaine was stolen. The kidnapper was sentenced to prison, while reports from within the organization state that the cartel boss of Miguel Alemán – Miguel "El Gringo" Villarreal – was killed in Valle Hermoso, Tamaulipas during the cartel infighting. In addition, the family of Guerrero Olivares fled and abandoned their house.
On 6 December 2011, a high-speed chase and an attempted vehicle aggression by alleged cartel members on police officers in Palmview, Texas prompted a nine-shot confrontation. Isaac Sánchez Gutiérrez, the driver of the vehicle, managed to escape the scene and avoid capture, leaving behind a partner and a Ford F-150 pick-up truck the letters "CDG" – the Spanish acronym for the Gulf Cartel – spray-painted in the inside. The authorities later discovered more than 700 pounds of cannabis hidden inside the truck. Sánchez Gutiérrez was arrested by the U.S. Border Patrol agency after a vehicle-and-foot chase incident near Abram, Texas on 20 December 2011. While in custody, he claimed that a high-ranking leader of the cartel in Reynosa, Tamaulipas had coerced him to smuggle drugs across the border. According to his account, his brother Juan Armando had been involved in the drug business but was suspected by his Reynosa superiors of stealing $2 million US dollars. Juan Armando was kidnapped at a convenience store in Reynosa, and several cartel members went to Isaac's home in Mission, Texas threatening to torture and kill his brother if the money was not returned. They issued him an ultimatum: Either gather $4 million US dollars, or smuggle 50 drug across the U.S-Mexico border into Texas to free his kidnapped brother.
Reactions.
The debates over whether the violence in the McAllen metropolitan area should be considered an actual "spillover" from Mexico's drug war reignited when a sheriff from Hidalgo County, Texas was wounded in a shooting on 1 November 2011 with members of the Gulf Cartel. On one side, local and federal U.S. law enforcement agents claim that the drug-related violence coming from Mexico stops at the border. The other side, made up mainly from politicians, claim that the border regions are being "overrun by drug cartels." The debate relies on exactly "how" both sides define a "spillover" occurrence. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security defines a spillover incident as any crime that occurs in the United States that is directly tied with the violent conflicts in Mexico, either between law enforcement officials and drug traffickers, or between rival drug trafficking organizations. The Texas Department of Public Safety, however, defines a spillover as any drug-related violence. By the DPS standards, a conflict over a drug deal between the Sicilian Mafia and the Chinese triads in New York City can fall under the spillover category. Hence, the local authorities in South Texas have concluded that although violence does occur in their region, it is not directly related to Mexico but to individuals in the United States.
According to the sheriff, after the death of Flores Borrego on September 2011, a gang in the United States were given orders by their Mexican superiors to recover a drug load that had been taken from the Gulf Cartel. The process did not go as planned and the gang members ended up kidnapping a group of dealers, leading to a shootout incident. The sheriff said that this "represents the only direct spillover" case of Mexico's drug war in South Texas, but stated that it was not directly related to Mexico. After this incident, Todd Staples, a Republican party Commissioner of the Texas Department of Agriculture, set up a website asking the federal government to back state efforts to curb illegal activities along the Mexican border, and especially drug trafficking. In a report, Staples asked two decorated military generals to take on the assignment, and stated on September 2011 that "living and conducting business in a Texas border county is tantamount to living in a war zone.” Staples announced that Mexican drug cartels are seeking to create their own turf in the United States, but especially on the South Texas, which they consider "vulnerable." The statement sparked criticism among local officials who argued that many of the Texan border cities have lower crime rates than cities like Houston, that are not along the border. Henry Cuellar, a Democratic party member and a U.S. Representative, strongly disagreed with Staples' assessment that the Texas border is a war zone or an area overrun by the Mexican criminal groups, and claimed that such claims simply create "confusion" and unnecessary alarmist reactions. On early November 2011, Greg Abbott, the Texas Attorney General, informed media outlets of a letter he sent to President Barack Obama on his failure to protect the border, and warned him that the drug violence from Mexico is increasingly "spilling over" the border, and urged Obama to "immediately dedicate more manpower to border security." In the letter, Abbott wrote about the shootings and kidnappings that have been occurring in the Rio Grande Valley, and how these incidents are a "threat to national security."
Lupe Treviño, the sheriff that was wounded, disagreed with Abbott's statements in a meeting at the White House with several Department of Homeland Security agencies and Janet Napolitano, and claimed that he has implemented a four-step program designed to have all of his deputies undergo a special tactical training designed to apply SWAT-style techniques to tackle any violence along the border. He explicitly said that the "[U.S] border is not in chaos,” and that the claims by the Republicans were "untrue and unfairly painted." Nevertheless, Carlos Cascos, the current Cameron County judge, questioned Treviño's comments through Facebook, and mentioned that if South Texas didn't have drug violence issues (as Treviño claimed in Washington), then Treviño's travel to Washington D.C. was completely unnecessary, which indicates that the sheriff's actions contradicted his statements.
The claims that South Texas is a "war zone" and overrun by the drug trafficking organizations are not based on current crime statistics. According to the FBI Uniform Crime Reports, the number of homicides in Hidalgo County, Texas in 2010 were considerably less than in other major cities across Texas. That year, 36 homicides were reported, while "Houston reported 269 homicides, Dallas reported 148, San Antonio reported 79, and Austin reported 38."
Arrests and killings.
Dávila García's killing.
On 11 October 2011, the struggle between the Metros and the Rojos intensified when the Mexican authorities found the body of César Dávila García inside an abandoned house in Reynosa, Tamaulipas. Inside the abandoned house, the corpse of "El Comandante Gama", Dávila García's code name, had been shot with a 9 mm pistol. According to the Mexican authorities, the man was a top financial operator in the Gulf Cartel and a close associate of the former drug lord Antonio Cárdenas Guillén. After the drug lord's death, Dávila García became the regional drug baron of the coastal city of Tampico, Tamaulipas before moving back to Matamoros. Neither faction in the Gulf Cartel claimed responsibility for his death, but Mexican intelligence sources indicated that Dávila García was killed by the Metros. The assassination also happened a day after the Mexican Navy dismantled a network of the Gulf Cartel in three municipalities across Tamaulipas, where 35 cartel members were arrested. Ricardo Salazar Pequeño, the regional boss of the cartel in Ciudad Miguel Alemán, along with the cartel's accountant Gabriela Gómez Robles, were apprehended. In addition, several firearms, drug loads, and radio communication equipment were confiscated.
Matamoros prison massacre.
On 15 October 2011 in the border city of Matamoros, Tamaulipas, a large-scale prison riot left 20 inmates dead and 12 others wounded. The brawl broke out between two inmates at around 8:00 a.m. but later extended to the rest of the prison. In the turmoil, the Mexican federal police and the Tamaulipas state police were summoned to help the guards regain control of the prison. The Mexican military later took control of the prison at around 10:30 a.m. News videos showed helicopters in the air over the watchtower. Later in the morning, the family members gathered outside the prison to await the news of their loved ones while Mexican authorities set up a booth to take care of their requests and inquires.
According to "The Monitor", sources confirmed that the prison brawl was related to the fight between the Metros and the Rojos.
Cárdenas Vela's arrest.
On 20 October 2011, while heading to his luxury house in South Padre Island, Texas with his bodyguards and a lady, Rafael Cárdenas Vela, a drug lord of the Gulf Cartel and a leader of the Rojos, was pulled over and arrested in Port Isabel, Texas by the police who were reportedly working with federal agents that had been tipped to his whereabouts. Stratfor and the "San Antonio Express-News" released a report on 3 November 2011 putting more context on the arrest of Cárdenas Vela in South Texas and stated that the Metros had probably played a role in his arrest.
"The Monitor" reported on 27 October 2011 that a rescue attempt for Cárdenas Vela was very unlikely. Despite being a powerful leader in the Gulf Cartel, his rude actions "burned many bridges in the organization." A source outside law enforcement but with direct knowledge of the situation stated that Cárdenas Vela was "very hardheaded and impulsive," which made him have many enemies in the organization. "(Some of the) "comandantes" are glad he is gone," the source said. Moreover, Cárdenas Vela's arrest triggered a series of road blocks and gunfights in Valle Hermoso and Matamoros, Tamaulipas, the city in which he operated. By 27 October 2011, "El Universal" reported a total of 14 killings as a result of his arrest and of the Gulf Cartel infighting.
Ramos García's arrest.
U.S. Border Patrol agents arrested Eudoxio Ramos-García, a former drug lord of the Gulf Cartel, in Rio Grande City, Texas on 31 October 2011.
Zúñiga Hernández's arrest.
On 1 November 2011 in the city of Santa Maria, Texas, José Luis Zúñiga Hernández ("Comandante Wicho"), a high-ranking member of the Gulf Cartel, was arrested in Santa Maria, Texas on 26 October 2011 by U.S. Border Patrol agents. During his arrest, Zúñiga was carrying cocaine, $20,000 US dollars in cash, and a gold, diamond, and ruby encrusted .38 Super Colt handgun. The pistol has the name "Wicho" encrusted on it. He also "freely admitted" to be a Mexican national without documents to reside in the United States, while sources familiar with Zúñiga Hernández indicate that he turned himself in to American authorities. His attorney testified that ICE agents coerced Zúñiga Hernández to confess his crimes and cooperate with them in exchange for protection to his family and immunity from prosecution. The ICE agents denied such claims, however.
Zúñiga Hernández was the cartel boss in the city of Matamoros, Tamaulipas after the death of Antonio Cárdenas Guillén (a.k.a. "Tony Tormenta") in 5 November 2010. Nonetheless, according to court documents, he was ousted as the regional boss by Rafael Cárdenas Vela on 10 March 2011 after the internal feud in the Gulf Cartel, and fled to the United States illegally under death threats. He pleaded guilty to in January 2012 to firearm charges and illegal entry after being deported from the United States on 8 August 1997. Prior to his deportation, Zúñiga Hernández was found guilty on 14 February 1990 for marijuana distribution. He currently faces up to 20 years in prison after entering the U.S. illegally after deportation, and an additional 10 years for being an alien with a firearm. Each of these two convictions carries a fine of $250,000 U.S. dollars.
On 24 January 2013, Zúñiga Hernández was sentenced to seven years in prison in Brownsville, Texas, after pleading guilty for illegal possession of firearms and for entering the United States unauthorized.
Cárdenas Guillén's arrest.
Mario Cárdenas Guillén, wearing a black bullet-proof vest and flanked by two ski-masked marines, was presented on national television on 4 September 2012. According to reports issued by the Mexican Navy, Cárdenas Guillén was arrested a day before in the city of Altamira, Tamaulipas. At the time of his arrest, Cárdenas Guillén was carrying a rifle in front of a building entrance, along with $10,000 in cash, radiocommunication equipment, ammunition, several credit cards, and four envelopes containing cocaine. The arrest of Mario is one of the "highest-profile arrests in months" and a powerful blow to the Gulf Cartel, which lost much of its influence after it separated from Los Zetas in early 2010.
Costilla Sánchez's arrest.
The Mexican Navy arrested Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez, the supreme leader of the Gulf Cartel, on 12 September 2012 in the residential Lomas de Rosales neighborhood in Tampico, Tamaulipas without firing a single bullet.
He was presented on camera in the morning of 13 September 2012, handcuffed and wearing a long-sleeve shirt. Ten bodyguards of Costilla Sánchez were also arrested during the operative. Ernesto Banda Chaires, one of the detainees, is believed to be the regional boss of the cartel in Tampico. In the Wednesday arrest, the Mexican authorities confiscated several assault rifles, pistols encrusted with jewelry, and a number of expensive-looking watches. When asked if he had anything to say about his criminal charges and if he had a lawyer, Costilla Sánchez shook his head.
Present-day.
By December 2011, media reports indicated that Mario Cárdenas Guillén, the brother of the late Antonio Cárdenas Guillén and of the imprisoned Osiel Cárdenas Guillén, had assumed control of the Gulf Cartel. Nonetheless, Mario was not very active in his family affairs and his reluctance to get directly involved in the cartel's drug operations appears to have continued after the death of Antonio. The Mexican Navy, however, arrested him on 3 September 2012 in the city of Altamira, Tamaulipas. In addition, the current leader of the organization, Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez, had been reclusive and never had a permanent spot, often retreating to one of his ranches where he gives orders. Costilla Sánchez never got involved in the day-by-day operations of the cartel, but it seemed unlikely that he will be replaced, given Mario's arrest and past behavior.
In early 2012, the infighting between the Rojos and the Metros that left bloody confrontations and high-ranking arrests has diminished. Nonetheless, the Gulf Cartel had to change its logistics and reconstruct how it manages regional bosses, while other sources say that the Rojos are no longer part of the cartel. In the end, the control fell to the cartel members of the Metros faction, although the Rojos still has significant manpower. The Rojos and the forces loyal to the Cardenas drug family have barricaded in Matamoros, Tamaulipas, while their leader Juan Mejía González has fallen off the radar and has not been heard off since then. A day after several members of the Metros put up banners commemorating the late Samuel Flores Borrego on 6 August 2012, gunfighting occurred in the city, and the Metros' push in Matamoros is a sign that they are determined to remove people who turned against the organization in the past.
However, while the Metros have gained the upper hand in the operations of the cartel, the infighting left them vulnerable to attacks. To be sure, any drug trafficking organization is vulnerable to attacks when infightings occur, but the Gulf Cartel's feud with Los Zetas will compound the problem and make the infighting even more volatile. The infighting and struggle between the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas has surely weakened both organizations, but Los Zetas continue to control key territories in Tamaulipas and seems to have the advantage of recruiting seemingly limitless gunmen from South America, while the Gulf Cartel is opting for young, less-experienced recruits from its territories. Moreover, the cartel infighting can open doors for Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán of the Sinaloa Cartel to send gunmen to Tamaulipas. The current alliance between the Sinaloa cartel and the Gulf Cartel is only a "marriage of convenience;" the ultimate goal of "El Chapo" Guzmán is to take over Tamaulipas, and working with Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez was his only access. Costilla Sánchez, on the other hand, needed the Sinaloa cartel's support to fight off Los Zetas and settle disputes with the Rojos.
Costilla Sánchez's and Cárdenas Guillén's arrests.
The capture of Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez and Mario Cárdenas Guillén leaves the Gulf Cartel without a definite successor. Both arrests in effect wipe out the traditional old-time bosses of the cartel, putting an end to a generation of drug traffickers. When Cárdenas Guillén was arrested on 4 September 2012, it looked as if Costilla Sánchez had finally won the leadership of the Gulf Cartel. Throughout the end of 2011 and until the time of his arrest in 2012, Costilla Sánchez had carried out a campaign to put down Cárdenas Guillén and his faction – the Rojos – by reportedly setting up its members to get arrested or killed. His attempts to successfully put down his rivals allegedly gave him the protection of some high-ranking officials in the Mexican Armed Forces.
Nonetheless, Costilla Sánchez's own tactics backfired after a group of his henchmen arrested in Río Bravo, Tamaulipas reportedly betrayed him and notified the authorities of his whereabouts. It is also possible Cárdenas Guillén's declarations resulted in the apprehension of Costilla Sánchez too.
Without a clear successor of Costilla Sánchez, his faction – the Metros – could come to an end, although it is still likely that there are other old-crime boses of lesser importance still trying to keep the Gulf Cartel standing. With the recent arrest of a Gulf Cartel representative in Colombia, the drug business could be disrupted even further. One clear benefactor of the fall of the Gulf Cartel is its rival group, Los Zetas. It is also possible that the several within the Gulf Cartel may decide to join the Sinaloa Cartel or Los Zetas, although the latter seems unlikely given the bitter sentiment both groups have planted.
Currently, Los Zetas is also experiencing a power struggle within its own ranks, so the future of the Gulf Cartel is difficult to predict.
Metro 4's assassination.
"El Metro 4", a high-ranking lieutenant of the Gulf Cartel, was reportedly killed by Los Zetas or by members of his own cartel on January 15, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36688628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688628" title="Edward Popham (died 1586)">
Edward Popham (died 1586)

Edward Popham (by 1530-1586), of Huntworth, Somerset, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Guildford in 1558, Hythe in 1563, and Bridgwater in 1571, 1572 and 1584.

</doc>
<doc id="36688632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688632" title="Óscar Armando Díaz">
Óscar Armando Díaz

Óscar Armando Díaz (died 12 December 1998) was a Salvadoran professional footballer.
Club career.
Nicknamed "Tito", Díaz played for FAS, forming the forward line with Marlon Medrano, and Municipal Limeño.
International career.
Díaz made his debut for El Salvador in an April 1997 friendly match against Guatemala which proved to be his only international game. He was a non-playing squad member at the 1996 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Personal life and death.
Díaz was the son of Delfina Díaz de Escobar and José Carmen Escobar. "Tito" was shot dead in a bar in Santa Rosa de Lima on 12 December 1998. In his honour, Municipal Limeño decided to withdraw the no. 10 jersey. The murder has never been solved.
Díaz' son, Cristian Bustillo, played for FESA and joined C.D. Águila in September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36688638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688638" title="Thin walled beams">
Thin walled beams

A thin walled beam is a very useful type of beam (structure). The cross section of "thin walled beams" is made up from thin panels connected among themselves to create closed or open cross sections of a beam (structure). Typical closed sections include round, square, and rectangular tubes. Open sections include I-beams, T-beams, L-beams, and so on. Thin walled beams exist because their bending stiffness per unit cross sectional area is much higher than that for solid cross sections such a rod or bar. In this way, stiff beams can be achieved with minimum weight. Thin walled beams are particularly useful when the material is a composite laminate. For metallic structures, the theory is fully developed in. Pioneer work on composite laminates thin walled beams was done by Librescu.

</doc>
<doc id="36688640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688640" title="Edward Popham (MP for Bridgwater)">
Edward Popham (MP for Bridgwater)

Edward Popham (11 November 1581–1641) was an English Member of Parliament.
He was the eldest son of Alexander Popham of Huntworth and Dowsabell, Somerset and educated in the law at the Middle Temple (1600). He was a cousin of Edward Popham, the Naval Commander and MP. He inherited estates from his father in 1602.
In May 1607 he abandoned the law to sail on an expedition to establish a colony at Sagadahoc, Maine. This colony, established by his great-uncle, Lord Chief Justice Sir John Popham, and led by his uncle, the Bridgwater merchant George Popham, failed within two years.
He was a Justice of the Peace for Somerset from 1607 to 1626 and was appointed High Sheriff of Somerset for 1622–23. He was elected MP for Bridgewater in 1621, 1624, 1625 and 1626.
He was constantly beset by financial difficulties and was forced to sell his estates and around 1630 was forced to flee to France to escape his debtors.
He married twice:firstly Dorothy, the daughter of Richard Bartlett of Berkshire, with whom he had a son who predeceased him and secondly Anne, the daughter of Henry Gifford and the widow of Sir John Portman of Orchard Portman, Somerset. He died childless and bequeathed his remaining estate, to which his title was by now disputed, to his brother.

</doc>
<doc id="36688643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688643" title="Inventions (album)">
Inventions (album)

Inventions is the second album by the folk guitarist Sandy Bull, released in 1965 through Vanguard Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36688644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688644" title="Aaron Bidois">
Aaron Bidois

Aaron Bidois is a paralympic swimmer from New Zealand competing mainly in category SB6 events.
Aaron competed in two paralympics, firstly in 1992 and then again in 1996. In 1992 he left medalless after finishing fourth in the heat of the 100m backstroke, fifth in the final of the breaststroke, fifth in his heat of the 100m freestyle, 200m medley and 50m freestyle. In 1996 he was seventeenth in the 50m freestyle heats, fifteenth in the 100m freestyle heats, fourth in the 200m medley final and won a silver medal in the 100m breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36688650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688650" title="Moisture expansion">
Moisture expansion

Moisture expansion is the tendency of matter to change in volume in response to a change in moisture content. The macroscopic effect is similar to that of thermal expansion but the microscopic causes are very different. Moisture expansion is caused by hygroscopy.

</doc>
<doc id="36688651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688651" title="2012–13 Denver Nuggets season">
2012–13 Denver Nuggets season

The 2012–13 Denver Nuggets season was the 46th season of the franchise, and its 37th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA). They finished the regular season with 57 wins and 25 loses, the franchise's best record since joining the NBA in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="36688657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688657" title="John Austen (died 1572)">
John Austen (died 1572)

John Austen (died 1572), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Guildford in 1563.

</doc>
<doc id="36688658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688658" title="Bowlin Travel Centers, Inc.">
Bowlin Travel Centers, Inc.

Bowlin Travel Centers, Inc. is a New Mexico- based company that operates a chain of roadside convenience stores and travel centers found on highways in the American southwest. The stores are located primarily in the U.S. states of Arizona and New Mexico; their corporate headquarters are located in Albuquerque. The company's Chief Executive Officer is Michael L. Bowlin. Bowlin previously served on the Board of Directors of Global Entertainment Corporation.
The company's travel centers typically incorporate a Southwestern "trading post" theme, in the manner of small stores commonly found along Old Route 66 prior to the construction of the Interstate. Many were former independent businesses. They have names like "Flying C Ranch", "Old West", "Bowlin's Running Indian", and "Continental Divide". One location, called simply "The Thing" also incorporates another Route 66 tradition, the sideshow. Their retail products include Native American jewellery and food.
In 2003 the company operated 15 locations in Arizona and New Mexico and employed about 150 people in New Mexico. Stores sell fuel branded Exxon or Shell, and many also incorporate a Dairy Queen.
Prior to 2000, the company operated as Bowlin Outdoor Advertising & Travel Centers Inc., however the Outdoor Advertising division was sold to Lamar Advertising in a stock swap valued at $27.2 million.

</doc>
<doc id="36688660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688660" title="Langrigg">
Langrigg

Langrigg is a hamlet in Cumbria, England. It lies to the northeast of Aspatria and south of Abbeytown, just to the southwest of Bromfield. Historically, it formed part of the Langrigg and Mealrigg township, in the Parish of Bromfield, then an independent parish from 1894 until 1934.
Geography.
Langrigg is located along the A596 road. It is relatively low-lying, at the extremity of what was described in the late 18th century as a "dull and dreary common", although the land immediately around it is fertile. Its name is derived from the ridge of land along which it is located to the east of Bromfield. A river, named Ranny Gill, flows on the eastern side of the village. The township covers an area of 865 ha and includes part of Bromfield Common.
History.
Waldieve, Lord of Allerdale, gave the manor of Langrigg to Dolphin, son of Aylward, whose family held it for generations until it fell to a family who took their name from the township. A Thomas de Langrigg once held property in Langrigg during the reign of Henry II, Langrigg Hall being the principal manor house. Agnes, wife of Gilbert de Langrigg, is documented to have "demanded against John Crookdake 25 acres of land, 15 acres of meadow, and 2s 4d rent there; and against Thomas de Langrigg 30 acres of land, and 14 acres of meadow". The historical township includes Bromfield, Greenhow and Crookdake, the latter of which was held for many years by the Musgrave family.
Langrigg later fell into the Porter and Osmunderly families; the Osmunderly were of Lancashire origin. The Porters held the manor, while the Osmunderlys held the demesne. It was owned by William Osmunderly, Sheriff of Cumberland, during the reign of Henry IV. The last of the Osmunderleys, Reverend Salkend Osmunderely, sold the manor to his son in-law Thomas Barwis in 1735 (Barwis is credited with reconstructing the Langrigg Hall). John Barwis (1775-1818), who was also Rector of Niton in the Isle of Wight, was one of its prominent owners. and his son William Barwis, was still in possession of Langrigg manor in 1860. In 1876, its ownership changed to Joseph Bowerbank of Cockermouth. The township of Langrigg had a population of 198 in 1801, 194 in 1821, 269 in 1841, and 281 in 1851. The united township of Langrigg and Mealrigg in Bromfield parish became an independent parish following the Local Government Act of 1894, although for ecclesiastical purposes it remained attached to Bromfield. Langrigg Hall Farm produces free-range eggs for Morrisons supermarket.
Economy.
Tile-making has been a local industry since the 19th century. A windmill was also established here in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36688663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688663" title="Calva, Cumbria">
Calva, Cumbria

Calva is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36688665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688665" title="Cat Bank">
Cat Bank

Cat Bank is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36688666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688666" title="Alderon Iron Ore Corp.">
Alderon Iron Ore Corp.

Alderon Iron Ore Corp. (formerly Alderon Resource Corp.) is a Vancouver, British Columbia based company focused on the exploration, development and mining of an iron ore property in the southern Labrador Trough geological belt in southwestern Newfoundland & Labrador, near the Quebec border.
In 2010, Alderon Iron Ore acquired the rights to The Kamistiatusset ("Kami") property in the Labrador Trough. In 2013, Alderon concluded an agreement with China's leading steel manufacturer, Hebei Iron & Steel whereby Hebei have invested $182.2 million and will purchase 60% of the mine's annual production for a near 20% stake in Alderon and 25% interest of an iron ore property. In January 2014 the Kami Project was released from Provincial Environmental Assessment.

</doc>
<doc id="36688667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688667" title="Catlowdy">
Catlowdy

Catlowdy is a hamlet in Cumbria, England. It contains the Bessiestown Country Guest House.

</doc>
<doc id="36688668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688668" title="Causeway End">
Causeway End

Causeway End is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36688670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688670" title="Causewayhead">
Causewayhead

Causewayhead is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36688671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688671" title="Chalkfoot">
Chalkfoot

Chalkfoot is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36688673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688673" title="Chapel Stile">
Chapel Stile

Chapel Stile is a village in Cumbria, England, located approximately 5 miles northwest of Ambleside, within the Langdale valley. It contains a school, church, the Co-op and the Wainwrights' Inn (formerly The Langdale Hotel), and a quarry is located in the vicinity.
Couples who choose to get married at the church are traditionally 'tied in' during the service. The local children tie up the church gates and the newlyweds are only released when coins (of small denomination) are thrown to said children.
The Co-op has been established for well over a hundred years.
Chapel Stile also gives access to the Langdale Pikes, Pike O’ Stickle and Harrison Stickle. Other notable peaks are Pavey Ark, Bow Fell and Pike O'Blisco.

</doc>
<doc id="36688674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688674" title="Colehill, Cumbria">
Colehill, Cumbria

Colehill is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36688677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688677" title="Corkickle, Cumbria">
Corkickle, Cumbria

Corkickle is a hamlet in Cumbria, England. It is served by Corkickle railway station.

</doc>
<doc id="36688680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688680" title="Cotes, Cumbria">
Cotes, Cumbria

Cotes is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36688685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688685" title="Cowen Head">
Cowen Head

Cowen Head is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36688689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688689" title="Cross End">
Cross End

Cross End is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36688692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688692" title="Crossgates, Cumbria">
Crossgates, Cumbria

Crossgates is a hamlet in Cumbria, England. It is located just to the northeast of Asby.

</doc>
<doc id="36688696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688696" title="Crosslands">
Crosslands

Crosslands is a hamlet in Cumbria, England. It is located just to the northeast of Rusland.

</doc>
<doc id="36688698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688698" title="List of state leaders in 309 BC">
List of state leaders in 309 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36688699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688699" title="Dale, Cumbria">
Dale, Cumbria

Dale is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36688703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688703" title="Indian Ordnance Factories Service">
Indian Ordnance Factories Service

The Indian Ordnance Factories Service (IOFS) (Hindi: भारतीय आयुध निर्माणी सेवा) is a civil service of the Government of India. IOFS officers are Gazetted (Group A) defence-civilian officers under the Ministry of Defence. They are responsible for the management of the Indian Ordnance Factories, which provide the sinews of self-reliant, indigenous, defence production capabilities of the nation.
Composition.
IOFS was formed in 1954 with the cadre controlling authority of Ministry of Defence – Department of Defence Production with a cadre size of 1760 posts. The source of recruitment was through direct recruitment 60%; by promotion 40% and no lateral entries.
IOFS is a multi-disciplinary composite cadre consisting of technical - engineers (Civil, Electrical, Mechanical, Electronics), technologists (Chemical, Metallurgical, Textile, Leather) and non-technical/administrative (Science, Law, Commerce, Management and Arts graduates). Technical posts comprise about 87% of the total cadre. The doctors (Surgeons and Physicians) serving in OFB belong to a separate service known as the Indian Ordnance Factories Health Service (IOFHS). IOFHS officers are responsible for the maintenance of health of the employees and the hospitals of OFB. They report directly to the IOFS officers. IOFS and IOFHS are the only two civil services under the Department of Defence Production.
OFB's background.
Ordnance Factories Board is engaged in research, development, production, testing, marketing and logistics of a comprehensive product range in the areas of land, air and sea systems. It consists of forty-one Ordnance Factories, nine Training Institutes, three Regional Marketing Centres and four Regional Controllerates of Safety, which are spread all across the country.
OFB is the world's largest government operated production organisation and the oldest industrial organisation run by the Government of India. It has a total workforce of about 164,000. It is often called the "Fourth Arm of Defence" and the "Force Behind the Armed Forces" of India.
It is amongst the top 50 defence equipment manufacturers in the world. Its total sales were at $2.7 billion (₹16,246 crores) in 2011-12. Every year, 18 March is celebrated as the Ordnance Factories' Day in India.
Recruitment.
The recruitment in the Indian Ordnance Factories as a Group A officer is done by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) based on the performance in the rigorous and prestigious Engineering Services Examination (ESE) and the Civil Services Examination (CSE). Engineering posts are filled through the Engineering Services Examination while technologists are selected through interviews by UPSC. Posts in the non-technical streams are filled through the Civil Services Examination. IOFS is the only cadre in which officials are selected by all four means - CSE, ESE, interviews and promotions. IOFHS officers are selected through the Combined Medical Services Examination conducted by UPSC. All appointments to the Group A Civil Services are made by the President of India.
Training.
National Academy of Defence Production, Nagpur provides training to the IOFS officers on the topics of technology, management, public administration as induction and re-orientation courses. IOFS officers are allowed to continue their higher studies at various national institutions such as the IITs, IIMs, IISc and DIAT under the sponsored category. Interestingly, most of the officers who join the ordnance factories are graduates of these institutes as the recruitment in the ordnance factories is considered quite tough, only the brightest students make it through the whole process. They are also trained at these institutes, at the Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of Administration, Administrative Staff College of India and the Indian Institute of Public Administration, while in service. The officers are even sent for higher education to the countries which have defence friendly relations with India such as the countries of erstwhile USSR, USA, UK, Sweden, Japan, Austria, Germany, Russia, France, Israel, Canada, Czech Republic, Singapore.
Functions.
The main functions performed by IOFS officers while at the Indian Ordnance Factories include product research & development, project management, materials management, production planning and control, quality control, supplies management, industrial safety, labour welfare, personnel management, industrial relations, management and maintenance of residential estates etc.
In discharging these functions, the IOFS officers interact extensively with: 
On Deputation.
IOFS is a participating civil service under the Central Staffing Scheme (CSS), which allows bureaucrats to move to any organisation, institution, agency, department, ministry of the Government of India on deputation basis (excluding posts which are specifically encadred within the organised Group A services), depending on their interests, educational qualifications, seniority, age and other eligiblity criteria.
IOFS officers also serve at key managerial posts of PSUs; as advisors and secretaries to the Union Cabinet Ministers, Prime Minister and the President of India; and as diplomats at various consulates, missions and embassies of India located abroad.
See also.
Ordnance Factories Board

</doc>
<doc id="36688708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688708" title="Godzilla (1983 video game)">
Godzilla (1983 video game)

Godzilla is a strategy game released in 1983 for Commodore 64.
Plot.
Godzilla is in the oceans near Japan. The military is using all its weapons to protect Tokyo for the upcoming attack.
Gameplay.
Godzilla is a strategy game in which you must command the military in an attempt to kill Godzilla before he destroys Tokyo. If Godzilla reaches Tokyo, the game is over. The game is a large grid on the map of Japan and nearby waters. There are 25 grids (7 of which contain Japan and one containing Tokyo.) Godzilla is randomly set in any of the 25 grids except the grid with Tokyo. The player has a choice of attacking Godzilla or moving troops. You are given a choice of attacking with a land attack, sea attack, air attack, a missile or an atom bomb. When choosing an air, land or sea attack you must choose how many troops, boats or jets you want to send out (you can only send out how many of the given attackers are in the grid that Godzilla is.) You can also move troops and boats to different grids as opposed to attacks. After an attack it will show the amount of attackers killed and how effective the attack was. (e.g. If you send out a sea attack it will tell how many boats were sunk.) After this Godzilla will move to another grid. If Godzilla is on land he will go on a rampage and it will show how many civilians were killed. The atom bomb is the most powerful weapon in the game. Whenever it is used it will destroy all life and weapons around the surrounding 8 squares. If the bomb goes off near Tokyo, the game is over.
References.
[http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpsab4jG2Mc]

</doc>
<doc id="36688709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688709" title="Henry Knollys (died 1583)">
Henry Knollys (died 1583)

Henry Knollys (died 1583), was an English politician and diplomat.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Grampound in 1547, New Shoreham in 1563, Guildford in 1571 and Christchurch in 1572.

</doc>
<doc id="36688732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688732" title="Domain Awareness System">
Domain Awareness System

The Domain Awareness System was a surveillance developed as part of Lower Manhattan Security Initiative in a partnership between the New York Police Department and Microsoft to monitor New York City. This allows them to track surveillance targets and gain detailed information about them. The system is connected to 3,000 or more video cameras around New York City.
The system will be licensed out to other cities with New York City getting 30% of the profits. The system's development costs are estimated at 40 million USD.
Technology built specifically for the NYPD includes radiological and nuclear detectors on boats, radiation detectors on helicopters and trucks, and detectors on police officers' gun belts so sensitive that people who have had medical procedures may trigger them. And Lower Manhattan now includes thousands of surveillance cameras that can identify shapes and sizes of unidentified "suspicious" packages and can track people within seconds using descriptions such as "someone wearing a red shirt".
This system is highlighted in a May 2013 episode of PBS' "Nova" on tracking the Boston Marathon Bombers.

</doc>
<doc id="36688737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688737" title="Rhonda Nyman">
Rhonda Nyman

Rhonda Nyman is an American politician.
Rhonda Nyman was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives, as a Democrat, in November 2010, succeeding her husband Robert Nyman who died in office.

</doc>
<doc id="36688759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688759" title="Toby Lanzer">
Toby Lanzer

Toby Lanzer, a national of the United Kingdom, is the current Deputy Special Representative of the UN Secretary-General in the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS). He was appointed to this position on 26 July 2012. Since joining UNDP in 1992, he has held various positions within the UN system, including the following: 
He has also worked in Brazil, Chile and Georgia.
The holder of a post-graduate certificate in forced migration, a master’s degree in international affairs, with a specialization in economic and political development, and a bachelor’s degree in history, Toby Lanzer was educated at the University of Oxford, as well as Columbia University and the University of New Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36688764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688764" title="Las Meninas (horse)">
Las Meninas (horse)

Las Meninas (foaled 22 April 1991) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. In a racing career which lasted from June 1993 to November 1994 she ran eight times and won two races. As a two-year-old she won on her debut and finished second in the Phoenix Stakes at Leopardstown. On her three-year-old debut, Las Meninas defeated Balanchine to win the Classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse becoming the first Irish winner since 1975. She went on to finish second in the Irish 1,000 Guineas at the Curragh but her subsequent form deteriorated and she finished unplaced in her remaining four races. Las Meninas was retired from racing to become a broodmare at the end of her three-year-old season.
Background.
Las Meninas was a bay filly bred in Ireland by her owner, Robert Sangster's Swettenham Stud. She was sired by Glenstal, a son of Northern Dancer who won the National Stakes in 1982 and the Prix Daphnis a year later. Apart from Las Meninas, his best winners included the Premio Parioli winner Candy Glen, and Glen Kate, a mare who won the Hong Kong International Bowl. Las Meninas, who was named after the painting by Velasuez, was sent into training with the former National Hunt jockey Tommy Stack at Golden, County Tipperary. The filly's one eccentricity was her tendency to swish her tail when walking, sometimes regarded as a sign of an unreliable temperament.
Racing career.
Las Meninas made her first appearance in a six furlong maiden race at Leopardtown in June. Ridden by Stephen Craine, she started at odds of 8/1 and won by a length from Danish. After a break of two months, Las Meninas reappeared in the Group One Phoenix Stakes over the same course and distance, in which she was tested against colts including the Norfolk Stakes winner Turtle Island. Ridden by Craine again, Las Meninas was hampered in the early stages but made progress to challenge for the lead in the final furlong, before finishing second to Turtle Island by half a length.
When Las Meninas returned in the 1000 Guineas over Newmarket's Rowley Mile course on 28 April 1994 she had been off the course for more than eight months. Stack had struggled to bring the filly to peak fitness because of the unusually wet and cold weather. She started at odds of 12/1 in a field of fifteen fillies in which the main contenders appeared to be the Nell Gwyn Stakes winner Mehthaaf who started favourite, Prophecy, the winner of the previous year's Cheveley Park Stakes and the French-trained Coup de Genie. Among the outsiders was Balanchine, a filly who had been sold by Robert Sangster to Sheikh Mohammed and sent to join the still-experimental Godolphin team in Dubai. Ridden for the first time by John Reid, Las Meninas was restrained in the early stages and appeared unlikely to find a clear run before finding a gap and moving up to challenge the leaders entering the final furlong. The closing stages saw a closely contested race between Las Meninas, Balanchine and Coup de Genie and following a photo-finish (which took the judge twenty minutes to resolve) the Irish filly was declared the winner by a short-head and a neck. After the race, Stack compared the emotional impact of the win to his success on Red Rum in the 1977 Grand National. Three and a half weeks after her Newmarket win, Las Meninas started favourite for the Irish 1,000 Guineas on softer ground at the Curragh. She went into second place inside the final quarter mile but could no further progress and was beaten one and a half lengths by Mehthaaf. In June Las Meninas started favourite for the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot but finished fifth of the ten runners.
After a break of three and a half months, Las Meninas returned in the autumn, but failed to recapture her earlier form. At Longchamp in October she was unplaced in the Prix du Rond Point and the Prix de la Forêt. She was then sent to California in November where she finished last of the eight runners behind Exchange in the Matriarch Stakes at Hollywood Park Racetrack. Las Meninas was then retired from racing.
Assessment.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Las Meninas a "poor" winner of the 1000 Guineas.
Stud record.
At stud, Las Meninas was sent to leading stallions including Thunder Gulch, Woodman and Royal Academy. She was later sent to Japan where she produced at least two foals by Sunday Silence. She produced some minor winners, but nothing of top class.

</doc>
<doc id="36688770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688770" title="Pan American Stadium">
Pan American Stadium

Pan American Stadium is the name given to some venues built for the Pan American Games and may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="36688771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688771" title="Frank Kudelka">
Frank Kudelka

Frank Carl Kudelka (June 25, 1925 - May 4, 1993), nicknamed Apples, was an American National Basketball Association (NBA) player. In his first two years at Saint Mary's College of California, Kudelka averaged 18.1 points per game. Once the shotclock was introduced to college basketball in his junior season, Frank averaged 20.4 points per game. He was the nation's fourth leading scorer. As a senior at Saint Mary's, Frank averaged 16.2 points per game. He was also named an All-American basketball player by the Helms Foundation after his senior season. Frank made his NBA debut in the 1949-50 NBA season for the Chicago Stags. In his first NBA season, Frank averaged 6.7 points and 2.0 assists per game. Frank played four seasons in the NBA with the Stags, Washington Capitals, Boston Celtics, Baltimore Bullets and Philadelphia Warriors. In his NBA career, Frank averaged 7.2 points, 3.2 rebounds, and 2.1 assists per game.

</doc>
<doc id="36688777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688777" title="E Pluribus Unum (album)">
E Pluribus Unum (album)

E Pluribus Unum is the third album by folk guitarist Sandy Bull, released in 1969 through Vanguard Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36688785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688785" title="Die Welt ist schön">
Die Welt ist schön

Die Welt ist schön ("The World is Beautiful") is a 1928 book of photography by German photographer Albert Renger-Patzsch. A popular work at the time, "Die Welt ist schön" is generally considered one of the most important books of photography published in the Weimar Republic, and as an iconic example of the photography of New Objectivity. Renger-Patzsch's book provoked emphatic reactions upon release: while contemporaries such as Ernst Toller and Thomas Mann praised "Die Welt ist schön", it was sharply criticized by figures like Walter Benjamin and Bertolt Brecht, who felt that Renger-Patzsch's work was too beholden to a naive idea of photographic realism and ended up aestheticizing everything, thus obscuring social realities.

</doc>
<doc id="36688789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688789" title="The Structure of Social Action">
The Structure of Social Action

The Structure of Social Action is a 1937 book by sociologist Talcott Parsons.
In 1998 the International Sociological Association listed this work as the ninth most important sociological book of the 20th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36688807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688807" title="ISO 7064">
ISO 7064

ISO 7064 define algorithms for calculating check digit characters. 
Usage.
It is referred to by other ISO standards:
and by other systems:

</doc>
<doc id="36688811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688811" title="The World and His Wife">
The World and His Wife

The World and His Wife is a lost American 1920 silent drama film produced by Cosmopolitan Productions and distributed through Paramount Pictures. Directed by Robert G. Vignola, the film was based on the 1908 Broadway play of the same name by Charles Frederic Nirdlinger, which was adapted from the Spanish language play "El Gran Galeoto" by Jose Echegaray Y Eizaguirre. The film stars Alma Rubens, Montagu Love and Pedro de Cordoba and Broadway actress Margaret Dale in her film debut. 
The story was later filmed at MGM as "Lovers" (1927).

</doc>
<doc id="36688815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688815" title="Scott Weiss">
Scott Weiss

Scott Weiss is a venture capitalist at the Silicon Valley firm Andreessen Horowitz, joining in April 2011 as the firm’s fourth general partner. A native of Sarasota, Florida, he founded and was CEO of IronPort Systems, which Cisco acquired in 2007 for $830 million. Weiss has a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Florida and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Andreessen Horowitz.
While at Andreessen Horowitz, Weiss has blogged on such topics as corporate transparency for All Things D and enterprise startup best practices for GigaOM. He serves on the boards of Platfora, Silver Tail Systems, Bluebox, and Jumio as well as Skout, App.Net, and Return Path.
Weiss is credited with bringing to the firm 360-degree feedback performance reviews of partners by other partners, venture firms and entrepreneurs of the companies in Andreessen Horowitz’s portfolio. This type of performance review is an unusual practice for venture capital firms.
Early career.
Before joining Andreessen Horowitz, Weiss was vice president and general manager of Cisco’s Security Technology Group, a position he assumed following Cisco’s acquisition of email appliance provider IronPort Systems. Weiss co-founded IronPort Systems in 2001 with Scott Banister, with whom he had worked at Idealab. Over the next six years, IronPort Systems grew from two people into a company with 450 employees and a $200 million run rate.
Weiss was the managing director and entrepreneur in residence at Idealab, a business incubator. Prior to Idealab, he headed MSN business development at Microsoft and was employee no. 13 at Hotmail, an email provider Microsoft acquired in 1998. At Hotmail, Weiss was responsible for partnership and revenue generating business development efforts. Prior to Hotmail, Weiss was an associate at McKinsey & Company and spent his first five years out of college at Electronic Data Systems.
Philanthropy.
In April 2012, Weiss along with Andreessen Horowitz General Partners Marc Andreessen, Ben Horowitz, Jeff Jordan, John O’Farrell and Peter Levine pledged to give half of their lifetime income from venture capital to charity.

</doc>
<doc id="36688831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688831" title="Rusland, Cumbria">
Rusland, Cumbria

Rusland is a village in Cumbria, England. It is located just to the southwest of Crosslands.

</doc>
<doc id="36688832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688832" title="German submarine U-293">
German submarine U-293

German submarine "U-293" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She was laid down on 17 November 1942 by the Bremer Vulkan "Werft" (yard) at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 58, launched on 30 July 1943, and commissioned on 8 September with "Kapitänleutnant" Leonhard Klingspor in command.
In six patrols, she damaged one warship.
She surrendered at Loch Eriboll in Scotland in May 1945 and was sunk as part of Operation "Deadlight" in December 1945.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla in September 1943. She was then transferred to the 9th flotilla for operations on 1 April 1944. She was reassigned to the 11th flotilla on 1 August and moved again to the 13th flotilla on 5 September.
There followed a series of short voyages between Kiel in Germany and Arendal, Bergen, Trondheim and Stavanger in Norway from April to September 1944.
1st and 2nd patrols.
"U-293"s first patrol was along the Norwegian coast.
Her second foray was between Narvik and Hammerfest in the far north.
3rd and 4th patrols.
The submarine's third sortie took her into the Barents Sea off Murmansk. She returned to Narvik on 6 November 1944.
Her fourth patrol also started and finished in Narvik.
5th patrol.
Her fifth effort was her longest, 46 days. It was also when she scored her only success - damaging the Soviet destroyer "Razjarenyj" on 20 January 1945.
6th patrol and fate.
The boat departed Narvik for the last time on 1 April 1945. She arrived at Loch Eriboll in northern Scotland on 11 May. She was transferred to Loch Ryan for Operation "Deadlight". She was damaged by the RAF and sunk by the guns of on 13 December.

</doc>
<doc id="36688836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688836" title="Rogue Arts">
Rogue Arts

Rogue Arts is a film production company founded in 2004 and is based in Los Angeles, California. The company has produced 8 feature films and distributed over 50 titles from acclaimed international and American actors and directors such as Wim Wenders, Anders Thomas Jensen, Martin Sheen, John Malkovich, Benicio Del Toro, Mads Mikkelsen, Blythe Danner, Kirk Harris, Peter Falk, Ulrich Thomsen, Lyle Lovett, Rutger Hauer, Irina Bjorklund and Michael Rymer.

</doc>
<doc id="36688845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688845" title="Chris Tronbjerg">
Chris Tronbjerg

Christian Tronbjerg (October 13, 1907 in Frederiksberg, Denmark – March 1, 1986 in Brazil) was the founder of Volkswagen do Brasil Ltda.

</doc>
<doc id="36688875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688875" title="Xilin River">
Xilin River

The Xilin River () of Inner Mongolia, China, is located in the middle latitudes. A study of the land cover types recognized 17 sub-classes in the Xilin River Basin including nine types of steppe habitat based on the dominate grasses in different areas and eight non-grassland habitats including current cropland, harvested cropland, urban areas, wetlands, desertified land, saline and alkaline land, water bodies and lands which could not be classified because of cloud cover in satellite images.
Geography.
The east side of the Xilin River Basin is lined with 1500 m tall mountains and hills and to the west are the Daxing-An Mountains with the elevation along the River decreasing from southeast to northeast (902 m). The landscape of the basin is covered by lava tablelands, low mountains, hills, plateaus, and sandy lands. Diverse plant communities cover this area of steppes. Animal husbandry is important to the local economy. "Stipa grandis" steppe and "Leymus chinensis" steppe are dominant/climax plant habitats in the basin.
Climate.
The temperate steppe of the Xilin River Basin has an average annual precipitation of 350mm. The average annual temperature is 1.7°C
at Xilinhao. July, the hotest month, averages 20.8°C. January is the coldest with the lowest monthly temperature averaging -19.8°C. From southeast to northeast, the temperatures and frost-free period increases while precipitation decreases gradually.
Cities along the river.
Xilinhot lines along the middle of the Xilin River. Xier and Baiinxile are upstream from Xilinhot.
Current conditions.
Grassland degradation and desertification have increased because of overgrazing and inappropriate crop cultivation, which is a result of the growing human population and overgrazing has introduced new successional communities to the ecosystem, although efforts to study and improve the situation are ongoing.

</doc>
<doc id="36688883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688883" title="Judy Minx">
Judy Minx

Judy Minx (born around 1989) is a French pornographic actress. She identifies as a sex worker, queer and as a feminist activist.
Biography.
Judy Minx was born in Paris and is Tunisian and Algerian descent. She joined a feminist organization in 2005 when she was in high school. Right after she turned 18, in 2007, she became a porn actress in "mainstream straight porn". She also started getting involved with queer and feminist porn movements. Along with her porn career, she continued her studies, and she holds a degree in English. Judy Minx is an activist for sex worker rights, and she is close to the French sex worker's trade union (STRASS). She has also given sex education workshops.
In 2009, she appeared in the documentary film "Les travailleu(r)ses du sexe", directed by Jean-Michel Carré. In 2010, she starred the drama film "The Final Girl" by Todd Verow, which was defined as "a lesbian variation of Roman Polanski's "The Tenant"". In 2011, she was one of the protagonists of "Too Much Pussy!", a docudrama film directed by Emilie Jouvet that followed the journey through Europe (from Berlin to Malmö) of a group of six entertainers, all members the Sex-positive movement. That same year, she starred in a segment of "Fucking Different XXX", a German independent film consisting of eight episodes, each shot by a different director and set in a different city, that have gay/lesbian love as a main theme. In 2011, she appeared in the music video for the Ladytron song "White Elephant". In 2012, she appeared in the independent comedy film "Mommy Is Coming", directed by Cheryl Dunye. In 2013 she appeared on the Dutch documentary "Een man weet niet wat hij mist".

</doc>
<doc id="36688888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688888" title="Diocese of Eupen-Malmedy">
Diocese of Eupen-Malmedy

History.
The German areas Eupen and Malmedy were given to the Kingdom of Belgium in 1920, conform the Treaty of Versailles, as compensation for the losses the country had suffered in World War I.
There were difficulties for the population, who now were part of a different country. On the ecclestical field these problems were, that the population felt more related to the German archdiocese of Cologne, then the French-speaking diocese of Liege, which was dependent on the archdiocese of Mechelen, the later archdiocese of Mechelen-Brussel.
When the situation escalated, cardinal Mercier, primate of Belgium and archbisshop of Mechelen-Brussel, asked pope Benedict XV to create a diocese which would encompass the new Belgian territories. On 30 Juli 1920 the diocese Eupen-Malmedy was created with the publication of the papal bull "Ecclesiae Universae". Martin-Hubert Rutten, bishop of Liege, was named bishop of this new diocese. He was officially created bishop of Eupen-Malmedy on 13 October 1920. He remained bishop of Liege as well. The church of Malmedy, the "Saints-Pierre, Paul et Quirin" became the cathedral and seat of the new bishop. On 15 April 1925 the diocese was joined with the diocese of Liege, following another papal bull. The three deaneries, Eupen, Malmedy and Sankt-Vith became part of the diocese of Liege. The cathedral in Malmedy would keep the status of cathedral, also after 1925. 
Bishop of Eupen-Malmedy.
Martin-Hubert Rutten was the first and only bishop of Eupen-Malmedy, from 13 October 1920 till 15 April 1925. 

</doc>
<doc id="36688913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688913" title="Hajjaj, Iran">
Hajjaj, Iran

Hajjaj (, also Romanized as Ḩajjāj) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 126, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36688943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688943" title="Nahar, Semnan">
Nahar, Semnan

Nahar (, also Romanized as Nāhar) is a village in Kharturan Rural District, Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36688956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688956" title="Superficial vein thrombosis">
Superficial vein thrombosis

Superficial vein thrombosis (SVT) is a type of venous thrombosis, or a blood clot in a vein, which forms in a superficial vein near the surface of the body. Usually there is an inflammatory reaction around the vein which presents as a painful induration with erythema. SVT has a limited clinical significance (in terms of morbidity and mortality) when compared to a deep vein thrombosis (DVT), which occurs deeper in the body, at the deep venous system level. If the blood clot is too near from the sapheno-femural junction there is a bigger risk of pulmonary embolism.

</doc>
<doc id="36688958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688958" title="SS Aquila (1940)">
SS Aquila (1940)

SS "Aquila" was a cargo ship built in 1940 as SS "Duke of Sparta" by William Gray & Company at West Hartlepool on Tees-side, UK. She was launched in July 1940 and completed in October of that year. At the same time W. Gray also built her sister ship, .
"Duke of Athens" and "Duke of Sparta" were built for S. Livanos' Trent Maritime Co Ltd. In 1951 "Duke of Sparta" was sold to Grimaldi Brothers of Naples, Italy.
Stowaways from Nigeria.
On 24th or 25 December 1947 "Duke of Sparta" sailed from Apapa on a voyage "via" Las Palmas to Kingston upon Hull, England. Before she sailed, five stowaways were found aboard and were handed over to the police. After two days' sailing, when she was off the Gold Coast, two more stowaways were found. "Duke of Sparta" summoned the assistance of fishing canoes in the vicinity, and the stowaways were transferred to the canoes to be put ashore. Some days later "Duke of Sparta" called at Las Palmas in the Canary Islands. Some days after she left Las Palmas a further five stowaways were found aboard, and these were kept aboard until "Duke of Sparta" docked at Hull.
Early in 1948 a controversy was raised in Nigeria over the treatment of some of "Duke of Sparta"s stowaways. A Mr Eusebius Tunde George of Lagos, Nigeria alleged that six stowaways were found aboard off Gold Coast, that the crew threw them all into the sea, and that only he and one other stowaway survived. Mr George's allegations were widely published in Nigerian newspapers on 13 February 1948 and subsequently repeated in the newspapers of other British colonies.
On 28 April 1948 the British Communist MP Willie Gallacher raised Mr George's allegations in the UK House of Commons. The Labour Government's Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, Christopher Mayhew MP, replied refuting the allegations in detail. Mayhew's Labour colleague Will Nally MP added that on 17 February the "Nigerian Review" had published an article headlined ""Fantastic story about stowaways is proved false"", that also had refuted Mr George's claims.
Bombed and sunk by the CIA.
At the end of April 1958 "Aquila" was in ballast and anchored off Ambon City in Indonesia when a Douglas B-26 Invader bomber aircraft, operated by the CIA and painted black and with no markings, bombed and damaged her. The date of the bombing is 28 April according to one source but 1 or 2 May according to another. "Aquila" stayed afloat for a month but sank on 27 May 1958.
The attack was part of a CIA covert operation to support right-wing Permesta rebels in North Sulawesi to destabilise President Sukarno's government of Indonesia. The CIA pilots had orders to target foreign merchant ships in order to drive foreign trade away from Indonesian waters, thereby weakening the Indonesian economy in the belief that this would undermine Sukarno.
The pilot was the CIA and former USAF pilot Allen Pope, who in the same sortie also bombed the merchant ships and . On 18 May the Indonesian Navy and Air Force shot down Pope's aircraft and captured him, after which the USA rapidly aborted the CIA mission and radically revised its policy towards Indonesia.
Wreck.
For many years the position of "Aquila"s wreck was unknown. One source published in 1999 asserted that Pope had sunk her off the port of Donggala, near Palu in Central Sulawesi. This now seems to be incorrect.
For some years recreational scuba divers knew the wreck of a cargo ship in Ambon Bay without knowing her name. In October 2009 divers penetrated the mystery wreck's engine room and recovered a maker's plate from one of her water heaters. This gave the maker as a company in West Hartlepool where SS "Aquila" had been built, which at last gave a clue to the wreck's identity. "Aquila" is on a slope on the seabed off Ambon, with her stern about below the surface and her bow about below the surface.

</doc>
<doc id="36688964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688964" title="Kordabad, Semnan">
Kordabad, Semnan

Kordabad (, also Romanized as Kordābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 595, in 164 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36688995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36688995" title="Kardia Mou Moni">
Kardia Mou Moni

Kardia mou moni… (Greek: "Καρδιά μου μόνη…"; ) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Tolis Voskopoulos. It was released in December, 1981 by Minos EMI in Greece and it went gold selling over 50,000 units. The original release was in stereo on vinyl and cassette. This album was re-issued on CD in the 1990s by Minos EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="36689007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689007" title="Abbas Aba">
Abbas Aba

Abbas Abad (, also Romanized as ‘Abbās Ābā; also known as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 458, in 132 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689020" title="Jasen (reserve)">
Jasen (reserve)

The Public Enterprise for Managing and Protection of the Multipurpose Area Jasen () or just Reservе Jasen () is a nature reserve in the Republic of Macedonia. It was turned into a protected nature reserve in 2010 (part of it was declared a reserve as far back as 1958) and is situated only 15 km from Skopje. The park compromises around of caves, mountains, underground rivers and lakes. The lowest point is the still uncharted canyon lake Matka. The highest point is Mount Karadzica with a height of almost .
The park is home to the endangered Eurasian lynx and the rare Balkan chamois.
History.
The territory of today's Public Enterprise for Managing and Protection of the Multipurpose Area Jasen was already in the period from 1958−1960 declared to be a reserve. The declaration had as goal the protection of the fauna, floral, bioological, geological, natural and hydrological rarities.

</doc>
<doc id="36689022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689022" title="Cyril Graff">
Cyril Graff

Cyril Graff (born 1980) is a French sport shooter. He was born in Nancy. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where he placed fourth in 50 metre rifle three positions. He also came 46th in the 50 metre rifle prone event.

</doc>
<doc id="36689034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689034" title="Paul Morrissey (comics)">
Paul Morrissey (comics)

Paul Morrissey is an Eisner Award-winning graphic novel editor and writer, who has edited and developed several comic books, graphic novels and manga. His career started at TOKYOPOP, where he oversaw the production of a multitude of manga properties, including "Fruits Basket".
At BOOM! Studios, Morrissey edited the Harvey Award-winning "The Muppet Show Comic Book", along with comic books based on Disney/Pixar films, including "The Incredibles," "Cars", "Monsters, Inc", "Finding Nemo", "Wall*E" and "Toy Story".
While at Archaia, Morrissey won an Eisner Award in 2011 for co-editing (with David Petersen (comics)) the graphic novel anthology "". In 2012, he edited and contributed a story to Archaia's Harvey Award-nominated "Fraggle Rock" series.
As a writer, Morrissey has penned comic book stories based on all-ages properties, such as "How To Train Your Dragon" (co-written with Heather Nuhfer), "Sesame Street", "Fraggle Rock" and "Casper's Scare School".

</doc>
<doc id="36689042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689042" title="The House That Jack Built (album)">
The House That Jack Built (album)

The House That Jack Built is a 2012 album by Jesca Hoop released through Bella Union and recorded in Los Angeles. An announcement was released on March 19, 2012, containing samples of the songs and clips of the videos, narrated by a stop-motion marionette skeleton 'Sketch', claiming to be the skeleton of Jesca Hoop.
Track listing.
Bonus track (available online with album purchase)

</doc>
<doc id="36689045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689045" title="Antakin">
Antakin

Antakin was a Bornean mass murderer, who killed six women and nine men, three of them youths, and wounded two other women and a man in Gunsat's Kampong near Keningau, North Borneo, on May 27, 1897. According to reports Antakin, a coolie, killed his wife after finding out that she had an affair with a man named Egah, and then rushed through the street stabbing people at random with his kris, until he was shot dead by one of Gunsat's followers.

</doc>
<doc id="36689053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689053" title="Ego / Mirror">
Ego / Mirror

"Ego" / "Mirror" is a 2011 collaborative double A-side single by British musicians Burial, Four Tet and Thom Yorke.

</doc>
<doc id="36689057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689057" title="TOP Girl – Georgia's Next Top Model">
TOP Girl – Georgia's Next Top Model

TOP Girl – Georgia's Next Top Model is a Georgian reality television show that forms part of the "Top Model series". Georgian model Salome Gviniashvili () assumed the role of Tyra Banks from the original series as the head of the search as well as a mentor and judge for the contestants for the first cycle. She was replaced by Nino Tskitishvili (ნინო ცქიტიშვილი) for cycle two.
The premise of the series is documenting a group of young female contestants who live together in a house for several weeks, while they take part in various challenges, photo-shoots, and meetings with members of the modeling industry. One or more poor-performing contestants are eliminated from the competition each week, until the last contestant remaining is declared the winner, and receives a modeling contract along with other associated prizes.
The first season premiered on May 13, 2012 and ended, after a break in the airing of the show, in October. A second season featuring contestants from Belarus, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Russia and the Ukraine began to air on January 24, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36689083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689083" title="Anna-Lisa">
Anna-Lisa

Anna-Lisa (born 1933) is a Norwegian-born actress who has primarily appeared in American made works.
She was born in Oslo, Norway, as Anna Lisa Ruud and worked there at the Central Theater. In 1954 she travelled to the U.S. to visit her brother, a travel agent in Hollywood, California. This led to an acting career in which she was cast in guest-starring roles in such western television series as "Sugarfoot", "Maverick", and "Bronco", all of which were aired by ABC/Warner Brothers. She guest starred on the 1960 series, "The Islanders", an adventure/drama set in the South Pacific.
Anna-Lisa then acquired a recurring role as Nora Travers in the ABC western series "Black Saddle", with Peter Breck and Russell Johnson. Her success in "Black Saddle" resulted in roles in two spaceflight-themed feature filmss: the 1959 comedy "Have Rocket, Will Travel" and a year later in "12 to the Moon". She continued to appear in such television seres as "GE True", hosted by Jack Webb, until she left Hollywood after 1966 to follow a career on the stage. She also appeared in an episode of "The Millionaire" in 1959, and a 1963 episode of "Perry Mason", "The Case of the Velvet Claws," playing the role of Norma Vickers.

</doc>
<doc id="36689089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689089" title="Hemmatabad, Semnan">
Hemmatabad, Semnan

Hemmatabad (, also Romanized as Hemmatābād) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 69, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689092" title="Jessica Rosenworcel">
Jessica Rosenworcel

Jessica Rosenworcel (born July 12, 1971) was nominated as a member of the United States Federal Communications Commission (FCC) by President Barack Obama. She was confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate on May 7, 2012, and was formally sworn into office on May 11, 2012, for a term through June 30, 2015.
Prior to joining the FCC, she served as Senior Communications Counsel to the United States Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, under the leadership of Senator John D. Rockefeller IV (D–WV). She previously served in the same role on the Committee under the leadership of Senator Daniel K. Inouye (D–HI).
On July 13, 2012, "Politico" designated Rosenworcel as one of 50 politicos to watch, describing her as "whip-smart and intensely serious".
Personal life.
She lives in Washington, D.C., with her husband and two children. She is the sister of Brian Rosenworcel, the drummer for the band Guster.
A native of Hartford, Connecticut, Rosenworcel received her bachelor of arts degree from Wesleyan University and her J.D. from New York University School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="36689098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689098" title="Humza Al-Hafeez">
Humza Al-Hafeez

Humza al-Hafeez (born Leonard Ernest Weir, February 28, 1931, and formerly known as Leonard 12X Weir) is an Islamic minister, author, and social activist most notably recognized as being the first Black Muslim NYPD officer whose rise to prominence came in the late 1950s when he Founded and served as President of the National Society of Afro-American Policemen, an organization that sought to: improve work conditions for Black law enforcement officers; expand employment opportunities; and strengthen relationships between the NYPD and members of the Black and Muslim communities. Over the course of Minister al-Hafeez's career, he received countless commendations and awards, including citations for outstanding community service.
Early History.
Born in Queens, New York to Asa Moss Weir, a West Indian immigrant (Jamaica, West Indies) and Rosa May Danielson of mixed Caribbean ancestry (Dominican Republic and St. Croix, Virgin Islands), young “Leonard” attended NYC public schools where he demonstrated an early aptitude for history and politics. As an adult, he joined the The Nation of Islam, Temple #7, headquartered in Harlem, and the New York City Police Department. In 1975, he changed his name to Humza al-Hafeez. His first book, Some Things to Think About, is based on his experiences coming of age during the 1940s and 50s, his acceptance of Islam, and his advocacy as a law enforcement officer in the 1970s.
Public Service.
As a literary activist and social entrepreneur, Minister al-Hafeez has worked in the publishing industry and has also served as Editor-in-Chief of Your Muhammad Speaks Newspaper. He has lectured at many universities and institutes of learning around the country, including: New York University, Princeton University, Pace College, University of Chicago, Thomas Jefferson High School, Wallkill Correctional Facility, Green Haven Correctional Facility, Fishkill Correctional Facility, Arthur Kill Correctional Facility, United States Penitentiary at: Ray Brook, New York, Terre Haute, Indiana, and Lewisburg, Pennsylvania.
Retirement.
Following a long history of advocacy for disenfranchised communities, Minister al-Hafeez's employment with the New York City Police Department came to an end in March 1976.
Distant Relative.
Warren Weir, Jamaican Medalist, London 2012 Olympics.
Featured In.
Armstrong, Michael F. (2012). They Wished They Were Honest: the Knapp Commission and New York City Police Corruption, New York: Columbia University Press, ISBN 9780231153546.
Abel, Roger L. (2006). The Black Shields, pg. 418, AuthorHouse, Bloomington, Indiana, ISBN 1420844598.
Thompson, Cordell S. (1970, February 26). Don’t Criticize the Police Department, "Jet Magazine," pg. 17.

</doc>
<doc id="36689101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689101" title="Regional Institute of Education">
Regional Institute of Education

The Regional Institute of Education (RIE, formerly known as Regional College of Education), is a constituent unit of National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT), New Delhi. The RIEs are set up in 1963 by Government of India in different parts covering various regions. The Regional Institutes were started with the objective of qualitative improvement of school education through innovative pre-service and in-service teacher education programmes and relevant research, development and extension activities.
The Regional Institutes of Education have established themselves as institutes of repute in the area of school and teacher education. The institutes have endeavored to shoulder the responsibilities and challenges generated by changes in the educational scenario of the country.
The RIEs are located at:
The Regional Institutes of Education (RIEs) located at Ajmer, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar and Mysore cater to the educational needs (pre-service and inservice education) of teachers/teacher educators in the States and UTs under their jurisdiction. Pre-service professional training programmes are offered to prepare school teachers for teaching of different school subjects. These are Regional Resource Institutions for school and teacher education and they extend assistance in implementing the policies of the States/UTs and help in monitoring and evaluation of the Centrally Sponsored Schemes.
The North-East Regional Institute of Education (NERIE), Shillong caters to the inservice educational needs of North-Eastern States as indicated earlier. However, the pre-service teacher preparation programmes for the North-East Region are still being taken care by RIE, Bhubaneswar.
A Demonstration Multipurpose School (DMS) is attached to each RIE at Ajmer, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar and Mysore as a laboratory for preparation of teachers and for trying out innovative practices in school education and teacher education. These are also used as model schools in their respective regions. There is facility of teaching-learning from pre-school to senior secondary level in these schools.
Courses Offered.
The following courses are offered at RIE Bhubneswar:
(RIE, Bhubneswar is declared as a nodal centre for Education as a discipline under Utkal University, Bhubneswar).
The other RIEs offered some of the courses from the above mentioned list the MSc.Ed. in Mathematics, Chemistry and Physics are offered by RIE, Mysore. All these RIEs are affiliated to nearby university for running the courses for the requirement of certification of the graduates come out of different courses. Each RIE has a managing committee where in the corresponding Vice-Chancellor of the university acts as Chairman. University monitors academic affairs of the Institutes in collaboration with RIE faculty. NCERT being the supreme authority of all regional institutes, controls administrative affairs of each of its unit located in aforesaid parts of the country.
Related Links.
Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="36689105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689105" title="Nardin, Iran">
Nardin, Iran

Nardin (, also Romanized as Nardīn and Nardeyn) is a village in Nardin Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,739, in 714 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689125" title="Moel Hiraddug">
Moel Hiraddug

Moel Hiraddug also known as Y Foel is a hill in the Clwydian Range of north-east Wales. It has a limestone quarry and an Iron age hillfort. It lies above the town of Dyserth. The views from the top are extensive and include Snowdonia. It is 265 metres (869 feet) above sea level.

</doc>
<doc id="36689134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689134" title="Rezvan, Semnan">
Rezvan, Semnan

Rezvan (, also Romanized as Reẕvān; also known as Sū Dāghelān, Sūdāghlān, and Sūdoqlān) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,067, in 276 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689151" title="Jack Ewing">
Jack Ewing

Jack Ewing is a character that appeared in the popular American television series "Dallas", played by Dack Rambo between 1985 and 1987.
Background.
Jack was born in Alaska in 1941, to Jason and Nancy Ewing. He had a younger sister named Jamie Ewing. Jack married and divorced April Stevens before his arrival in Dallas.
Storylines.
Jack arrived in Dallas to help his cousins, J.R. Ewing and Bobby Ewing, stop Cliff Barnes and Jamie Ewing from splitting up Ewing Oil. (Jamie had turned up in Dallas with a document which stated that Jock Ewing, Jason Ewing and Digger Barnes had equally split the company up between them in the 1930's). He had information that proved Jock bought his partners' shares a while later. For his help, Jack was given 10% shares in Ewing Oil (5% from J.R. and 5% from Bobby). Jack took them to Wally Wyndam, who told them of some documents that were held by Jock's first wife Amanda. During the trial, the documents proved that Jock did in fact own 100% of Ewing Oil.
During the "Dream Season", Jack started to spend his time at Ewing Oil and during this time he was pursued by Angelica Nero - CEO of Marinos Shipping. Jack had a striking resemblance to her reclusive employer, Dimitri Marinos, and Angelica persuaded Jack to pose as Dimitri at a conference in Martinique to convince the company's investors that business was running normally. It was believed that the absent Dimitri was ill but in reality he was dead. Meanwhile, Jack and Angelica's assistant, Grace, began to fall in love and eventually Grace betrayed her employer by informing Jack that he would be publicly killed when the job was complete. During the conference, Angelica failed to kill Jack but later she got her revenge by planting a bomb in Jack's car to kill him but it accidentally killed Jamie.
In 1986, Jack's former wife, April, turned up in Dallas to make a claim to half of his 10% of Ewing Oil. April proved that, during their divorce hearing, the judge granted her to be entitled to half of his future income. However, Jack sold his 10% for one dollar to Jamie and presented April with her half - fifty cents. After Jamie died and her will was left unsigned, Jack testifies in court that he sold his shares to Jamie to spite April so she would not benefit from him. The judge orders that April receives her five percent. After this, Jack leaves Dallas, and is never seen of again. 
Following Rambo's death in 1994, it's expected that Jack will never return in the new series, ending Jason Ewing's family blood line.

</doc>
<doc id="36689166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689166" title="Howmeh Rural District (Shahrud County)">
Howmeh Rural District (Shahrud County)

Howmeh Rural District (Shahrud County) () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,008, in 2,806 families. This rural district has 22 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689180" title="Dehmolla Rural District">
Dehmolla Rural District

Dehmolla Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,197, in 669 families. The rural district has 8 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689184" title="William Mark">
William Mark

William S. "Bill" Mark is a vice president at SRI International, where he has been in charge of their Information and Computing Sciences Division since 1998.
Early life and education.
Mark received a B.S. and an M.S. in electrical engineering and computer science in 1973, and a Ph.D. in computer science in 1976, all from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Career.
Mark was a co-founder of the company Savoir, which developed software tools for flexible manufacturing. Mark then worked at Lockheed Martin's Palo Alto Research Labs. He later headed the System Technology Group at National Semiconductor, which focused on design and implementation of silicon-based systems, until 1998.
Mark joined SRI International in 1998. He was a principal investigator of the CALO project that eventually led to the development of Siri and related technologies.
Awards and memberships.
Mark has served on DARPA's Information, Science and Technology Committee and the editorial board of "IEEE Computer".
Mark is a member of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence, the Association for Computing Machinery, the Association for Computational Linguistics and the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. He was a member of the Industrial Advisory Board of the University of California, Berkeley's Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences Department; and is currently a member of the Industrial Advisory Board of the Team for Research in Ubiquitous Secure Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="36689189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689189" title="Torud Rural District">
Torud Rural District

Torud Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,542, in 782 families. The rural district has 20 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689200" title="Wael Jallouz">
Wael Jallouz

Wael Jallouz (born 3 May 1991, in Grombalia.) is a Tunisian professional handballer, currently playing for THW Kiel in the German Handball-Bundesliga. 
Club career.
Jallouz participated on the AS Hammamet team that won the Tunisian National Cup in 2012 after defeating in the final ES Sahel HC, the recent winner of the 2012 African Cup Winner's Cup, by 26–25. That was the club's first title since foundation in 1945.
He competed for Mudhar Club at the 2012 Super Globe where he scored 26 goals in five matches and was awarded man of the match against THW Kiel after scoring eight times. Kiel was so impressed, they offered him a contract for the following season.
International career.
Jallouz debuted for the Tunisian national team in 2010. 
He was part of his country's squad at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the team reached the quarter finals. 
Honours.
National team.
Junior World Championship
Club.
German Bundesliga
Tunisia National Cup

</doc>
<doc id="36689206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689206" title="Ilovaiski family">
Ilovaiski family

Ilovaiski () was the name of noble family of Don Cossacks origin. Mokej Osipovich Ilovaiski being the oldest of known ancestors came on Don at 1675 from the oldest Russian town Temnikov in modern Republic of Mordovia and founded Makiivka so this property was named after its owner. His two sons Alexei and Dmitri was owners of Zuevka and Khartsyzk. This family owned a lot of lands in Don Voisko and from second half of the 19th century were owners of six coal mines in Makiivka that gives a 20% of total coal of Yuzovka in 1890. Twelve of the Ilovski family joined the Napoleonic wars, and the most famous member of the family was Alexei Ilovaiski (1767 — 1842), a Russian General and Don Cossacks Ataman (1823 - 1827). 

</doc>
<doc id="36689213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689213" title="André Olivier">
André Olivier

André Olivier (born 29 December 1989) is a South African middle distance runner.
Olivier won a bronze medal at the 2008 World Junior Championships in Athletics in Bydgoszcz, Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="36689214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689214" title="Kharqan Rural District (Semnan Province)">
Kharqan Rural District (Semnan Province)

Kharqan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15,936, in 4,406 families. The rural district has 43 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689220" title="Black Women in Europe Blog">
Black Women in Europe Blog

Black Women in Europe™ Blog is a multiple-award winning blog that showcases the lives of ordinary and extraordinary black women living in Europe. The blog was launched in 2006 by Adrianne George and has won or been a finalist for several awards. The blog has expanded into a social network, and a social media group and led to joint ventures and speaking appearances including the Corporate Council Women of Color Symposium in London, the Kwakoe Festival in Amsterdam, and the BlogHer conference in San Francisco.
In 2010 the first Black Women in Europe™: Power List [http://www.slideshare.net/ageorgegal/black-women-in-europe-power-list-2010] was released on the Black Women in Europe™ Blog naming 58 women in Europe in the categories of business, lifestyle, media, politics, social entrepreneurs and NGOs that exhibit power and influence across Europe.
In 2012 the blog was awarded credentials to cover the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina in the US.
The Black Women in Europe™ blog is a member of the AfroSpear Bloggers Association, and the BlogHer and AGCG Advertising Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="36689224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689224" title="Jamal Benomar">
Jamal Benomar

Jamal Benomar, born in April 1957 in Morocco, is the United Nations Notorious Special Adviser on Yemen, at the level of Assistant Secretary-General. He was confirmed to this position by the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 1 August 2012. He has been serving in this position since April 2011.
Early Years.
Benomar was a political prisoner for eight years in Morocco (1976–1983). He was adopted as a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International which campaigned for his release.
He completed his doctorate at the University of London.
He worked as a lecturer and research associate in African and Middle Eastern politics for the University of Paris VII.
In the early years of his career, he joined the Amnesty International and rose the ranks within the organization. During this time, he spent five years working as an Africa specialist for Amnesty International in London.
In the 1990s, he worked as Human Rights Program Director of the Carter Center at Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, working with former US president Jimmy Carter on human rights and mediation issues.
United Nations.
He joined the United Nations system in 1994, serving various UN entities, including the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) and the UN Department of Political Affairs (DPA).
In the summer of 2004 he acted as the SG's envoy to facilitate and mediate the National Dialogue Conference in Iraq.
In 2006 he worked in the Office of the Secretary General to help establish the Peace Building Comlission and the Peace Building Support Office.
He served in Afghanistan and Iraq as the Secretary-General’s envoy to facilitate the National Dialogue Conference.
He was also a director in the Peacebuilding Support Office and the director of the Rule of Law Unit in the Office of the United Nations Secretary General.

</doc>
<doc id="36689226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689226" title="Seyler family">
Seyler family

The Seyler family (also spelled Seiler) is a Swiss family, originally a patrician family from Liestal near Basel. Family members served as councillors and Schultheißen of Liestal from the 15th century, later also as members of the Grand Council of Basel. A Hamburg branch descended from the renowned theatre director Abel Seyler became by marriage a part of the Berenberg-Gossler-Seyler banking dynasty, co-owners of Berenberg Bank and part of Hamburg's ruling class of Hanseaten.
History.
Among the earliest known family members are Johannes Seyler, who was a councillor in Liestal in 1445, and Martin Seyler, a Schultheiß (mayor) of Liestal in 1477. Balthasar Seyler (died 1460) was a canon and dean of the Stift of St. Peter.
Magister Friedrich Seyler (1603–1676), a native of Basel, first served as parish priest of Bichwyl and Lütisburg in St. Gallen, later as teacher and rector of the "Schule auf Burg" gymnasium in Basel, and obtained the Basel burghership in 1670. He was married to Rosina Stöcklin (1612–1681), daughter of the Basel council member Matthys Stöcklin (1577-1649), and they were the parents of Margaretha Seyler (1639–1695), who married Professor of Ethics, Rhetoric and Law Simon Battier (1629–1681), and of the noted Calvinist theologian Friedrich Seyler (1642–1708).
Friedrich Seyler was pastor at St. Peter's Church in Basel and wrote a history of Anabaptism and a refutation of Anabaptist "errors." In 1672, he married Elisabeth Socin (born 1655), who belonged to an Italian-origined noble family and who was the daughter of the Basel judge, member of the Grand Council and envoy to the French court Abel Socin (1632–1695) and Maria Hummel (1635–1681), as well as a niece of Basel burgomaster Emanuel Socin.
Friedrich Seyler and Elisabeth Socin were the parents of the theologian Dr.theol. Abel Seyler (1684–1767), who was parish priest of Frenkendorf-Munzach in the Liestal district of Basel from 1714 to 1763. Abel Seyler was married to Anna Katharina Burckhardt (1694–1773), a member of the Basel patrician Burckhardt family and the daughter of Johann Rudolf Burckhardt and Anna Maria Merian, and granddaughter of Susanna Faesch. Anna Katharina Burckhardt was a descendant of the famous publisher and humanist Johann Froben and many of her ancestors had been councillors and burgomasters of Basel.
Abel Seyler the Elder and Anna Katharina Burckhardt were the parents of Elisabeth Seyler (1715–1798), married to parish priest Daniel Merian (1700–1779), and businessman and famed theatre director Abel Seyler (1730–1801).
Abel Seyler and the Hamburg branch of the family.
Abel Seyler (1730–1801) emigrated from Liestal to Hamburg and established himself as a wealthy businessman there. He established the bank "Seyler & Tillemann" with his business associate Johann Martin Tillemann, which speculated heavily on currency debasement during the Seven Years' War. The company went spectacularly bankrupt in what was termed a "malicious bankruptcy" with 3 million Mark Banco, an enormous sum, in debts, but Seyler and Tillemann were able to retain some of their fortunes. Subsequently Seyler devoted himself completely to the theatre, first as the main financial backer of the Hamburgische Entreprise (the Hamburg National Theatre), collaborating closely with its dramaturge Gotthold Ephraim Lessing, and subsequently as the founder and director of the Seyler theatrical company, becoming "the leading patron of German theatre" in his lifetime and employing some of Germany's foremost actors, playwrights and composers. Abel Seyler is also credited with introducing Shakespeare to a German language audience. He "inter alia" commissioned the play "Sturm und Drang" by Klinger, that gave its name to the era.
In 1754, Abel Seyler married Sophie Elisabeth Andreae (1730–1764), the daughter of the wealthy Hanover court pharmacist Leopold Andreae (1686–1730) and the sister of the renowned natural scientist J.G.R. Andreae. They were the parents of two sons and a daughter, the court pharmacist Abel Jacob Gerhard Seyler, the prominent Hamburg banker Ludwig Erdwin Seyler (1758–1836) and "Sophie" Marie Katharina Seyler (1762–1833). Following the death of their mother in 1764, the Seyler children grew up with their uncle J.G.R. Andreae in Hanover and hardly saw their biological father for the rest of his life. In 1772, Abel Seyler married his long-time mistress Friederike Sophie Seyler (1737/1738–1789), who was alongside Friederike Caroline Neuber Germany's leading actress of the 18th century, and who wrote the Singspiel "Hüon und Amande" that was a major inspiration for the libretto of the opera "The Magic Flute". They had no children.
The oldest son of Abel Seyler, Abel Jacob Gerhard Seyler (born 1756), was court pharmacist in Celle 1791–1803 and also inherited the Andreae & Co. pharmacy with his two siblings as co-heirs, which was sold in 1803. He was married to Karoline Auguste Luise Klügel (1770–1841), a daughter of the noted mathematician and physicist Georg Simon Klügel. Their only son was Georg August Wilhelm Seyler (1800–1866), a doctor of theology and pastor in Annaburg. He was married (1826) to Klara Franziska Hoppe, a daughter of the Freiburg superintendent (bishop) Ernst August Dankegott Hoppe. Georg Seyler became a second father to his wife's orphaned younger siblings, and in 1864 he formally adopted his 25 years younger brother in law, the later noted physiologist and chemist Felix Hoppe-Seyler, who added the Seyler name to his birth name.
The second son of Abel Seyler, Ludwig Erdwin Seyler (1758–1836), was married to Anna Henriette Gossler (1771–1836), a member of the Hamburg Hanseatic Berenberg-Gossler banking dynasty, who was the eldest daughter of banker Johann Hinrich Gossler and Elisabeth Berenberg (1749–1822). Elisabeth Berenberg was the only heir of the Flemish-origined Berenberg banking family of grand burghers who established Berenberg Bank in 1590, and her grandfather Rudolf Berenberg had become a senator in 1735. She was also descended from the Welser family. Johann Hinrich Gossler had become owner of the bank by marrying her in 1768, as her father had no male heirs and as the Hamburg branch of the Berenberg family was becoming extinct in the male line. In 1788, Gossler took on Seyler, his son-in-law, as the new partner, and following Gossler's death in 1790, Ludwig Seyler became head of the firm. Ludwig Seyler served, "inter alia", as President of the Commerz-Deputation (1817–18), one of Hamburg's three main political bodies, and as a member of the Hamburg Parliament (Erbgesessene Bürgerschaft). He was the brother in law of Hamburg senator Johann Heinrich Gossler and the uncle of First Mayor (head of state) Hermann Gossler.
Ludwig Seyler and Anna Henriette Gossler were the parents of
The only daughter of Abel Seyler, "Sophie" Marie Katharina Seyler (1762–1833), who was regarded as strikingly beautiful, was married (1781) to their distant relative, the Sturm und Drang poet Johann Anton Leisewitz, the author of "Julius von Tarent". They had no children.
Coat of arms.
Gules, a rising deer, argent, with antler and cloven hooves, Or, that is, a rising white deer with golden antler and cloven hooves in a red shield. Sometimes the arms also includes a green base or mountain, e.g. in the arms of mayor of Liestal Adam Seiler from 1587.

</doc>
<doc id="36689231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689231" title="Kalat-e Hay-ye Gharbi Rural District">
Kalat-e Hay-ye Gharbi Rural District

Kalat-e Hay-ye Gharbi Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,456, in 976 families. The rural district has 4 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689242" title="Demolition Derby (album)">
Demolition Derby (album)

Demolition Derby is the fourth album by folk guitarist Sandy Bull, released in 1972 through Vanguard Records. Songwriter Patti Smith, who was a known admirer of Bull's work, said "Even at its most 'cosmic,' "Demolition Derby" is still sleazy... juicy... American. Yeah it's a real cool record."

</doc>
<doc id="36689253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689253" title="Aymen Toumi">
Aymen Toumi

Aymen Toumi (born July 11, 1990) is a Tunisian handball player for HBC Nantes, French team in the LNH Division 1. He was born in Sousse. He competed for the Tunisian national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the Tunisian team reached the quarter finals.
Honours.
National Team.
African Championship
Junior World Championship
Club.
African Super Cup
African Champions League
African Cup Winners' Cup
Tunisia National League
Tunisia National Cup

</doc>
<doc id="36689261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689261" title="Kharturan Rural District">
Kharturan Rural District

Kharturan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,616, in 985 families. The rural district has 34 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689273" title="Marianne Dujardin">
Marianne Dujardin

Marianne Dujardin, (cirka 1680 - floruit 1746), was a French actress, opera singer and theatre director. She was the director of the La Monnaie in Brussels from 1724 to 1726. 
Marianne Dujardin was the leader of her own travelling theatre from 1718 to 1746 and performed in a number of French cities but also abroad. Dujardin are regarded as one of the earliest and mots notable French female theatre directors and as a pioneer for colleagues of her gender in that role. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689275" title="Beyarjomand Rural District">
Beyarjomand Rural District

Beyarjomand Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Beyarjomand District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,023, in 737 families. The rural district has 10 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689294" title="Kamel Alouini">
Kamel Alouini

Kamel Alouini (born 1988) is a Tunisian handball player. playing for Club Africain. He competed for the Tunisian national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the Tunisian team reached the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36689298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689298" title="Forumad Rural District">
Forumad Rural District

Forumad Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,472, in 1,037 families. The rural district has 16 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689320" title="Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District">
Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District

Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,420, in 1,682 families. The rural district has 20 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689322" title="Don't You Worry Child">
Don't You Worry Child

"Don't You Worry Child" is a song by Swedish electronic dance group Swedish House Mafia. It is the sixth and final single released before the group broke up, featuring vocals from Swedish singer John Martin. In the United States, it is the act's second number-one single on Billboard's Dance/Mix Show Airplay chart, following "Save the World". It received a Grammy nomination for Best Dance Recording in the 2013 Grammy Awards, as did its predecessor, "Save the World", the previous year. The song is written in the key of D major.
History.
The song was announced during the Swedish House Mafia's tour of Australia while they played at Future Music Festival 2012. They say it was made from the inspiration they took from the beauty of Australia. The title "Don't You Worry Child" was mentioned a few times, with hints from the group members themselves on their Twitter pages. When it was announced that the tour the Swedish House Mafia was about to set on would be their last, a farewell single was also announced – "Don't You Worry Child" being that single. The song had its live debut at the Swedish House Mafia's Milton Keynes Bowl concert and its radio debut on Pete Tong's BBC Radio 1 show on 10 August 2012. It was written by John Martin and Max Kennedy, and the sheet music is available to download for free as a PDF file.
The song contains a sample from the song "Be My World" by Italian dance act Milky.
Chart and sales performance.
In the United Kingdom, "Don't You Worry Child" made its debut at number one with first week sales of 135,000 copies. It sold 632,000 copies in the United Kingdom in 2012, the 13th best-selling single of that year.
In the United States, the song became Swedish House Mafia's biggest hit, peaking at number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making it their first top ten single. The song has sold over 2 million copies in the United States as of March 2013.
Music video.
A music video for the song was released on 14 September 2012, filmed on location at the group's final British performance on 14 July 2012 at the National Bowl in Milton Keynes. , the music video has 188 million views on YouTube.
In popular culture.
The track has been used during various television programmes around the world. It was performed by a group of children in the British soap opera "Emmerdale" at the funeral of the character Gemma Andrews".

</doc>
<doc id="36689328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689328" title="Richard Schlesinger (filmmaker)">
Richard Schlesinger (filmmaker)

Richard Schlesinger is an American-born screenwriter, director, and producer of feature films and television. 
Born and raised in Miami, Florida, he was graduated from Brown University and studied at the University of Paris.
Career.
Often drawn to political subjects, Schlesinger conceived and wrote the two-part Iraq War mini-series "Djihad" for Canal Plus, in France, along with director Felix Olivier. The pair also collaborated on the gritty social drama, "All Night Bodega", which won multiple prizes at festivals in New York, Los Angeles, Paris and Lyon.
Schlesinger went to Macedonia during the Kosovo War to produce the award-winning children’s television series, "Nashe Maalo" (Our Neighborhood). Created by Sesame Workshop, the half-hour drama used stories showing non-violent conflict resolution to help bridge ethnic divides among the youth of the Balkans. Schlesinger also directed the pilot episode.
In 2008, Schlesinger co-produced the political thriller "Traitor", directed by Jeffrey Nachmanoff, shot in France, Morocco and Canada. He also produced three sci-fi movies in Toronto. Titles include "Descent", "Swarmed", and "Solar Attack". 
Schlesinger’s other producing credits include "Captive", "", "Clover" and four TV movies for Hallmark Entertainment. He also produced the television series "The Black Stallion" and "Crossbow" in France. 
Schlesinger directed four episodes of the series "Crossbow", then went on to direct Terence Hill in "Lucky Luke", based on the French comic book character, produced for Berlusconi’s ReteItalia and shot in Santa Fe, NM.
Schlesinger also spent a number of years writing youth-oriented family films for Canadian producer Rock Demers’ La Fête Productions, including "Daniel and the Superdogs", "Regina" and "Summer with the Ghosts".

</doc>
<doc id="36689334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689334" title="Meyami Rural District (Semnan Province)">
Meyami Rural District (Semnan Province)

Meyami Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,524, in 1,791 families. The rural district has 16 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689340" title="2012 Western &amp; Southern Open – Men's Singles">
2012 Western &amp; Southern Open – Men's Singles

Andy Murray was the defending champion, but lost in the third round to lucky loser Jérémy Chardy.<br>
Roger Federer won his record fifth title at the Cincinnati Masters defeating 4-time runner-up and World No. 2 Novak Djokovic 6–0, 7–6 (9–7). Federer also set a new record by not having serve broken or losing a set for the first time in the history of any Masters 1000 tournament.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds receive a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36689369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689369" title="Nardin Rural District">
Nardin Rural District

Nardin Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,514, in 1,457 families. The rural district has 4 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689383" title="Rezvan Rural District (Semnan Province)">
Rezvan Rural District (Semnan Province)

Rezvan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,837, in 2,500 families. The rural district has 8 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689388" title="Hassan Taftian">
Hassan Taftian

Hassan Taftian (; born 4 May 1993 in Torbat-e Heydarieh) is an Iranian sprinter.
He won the gold medal over 100 metres at the 2012 Asian Junior Athletics Championships in Colombo, Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="36689400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689400" title="Rezvan Rural District">
Rezvan Rural District

Rezvan Rural District () may refer to various places in Iran:

</doc>
<doc id="36689412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689412" title="Selim Hedoui">
Selim Hedoui

Selim Hedoui (born 1983) is a Tunisian handball player, playing for the club Al Arabi. He competed for the Tunisian national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the Tunisian team reached the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36689418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689418" title="Kharqan Rural District">
Kharqan Rural District

Kharqan Rural District () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36689428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689428" title="Rochelle Majer Krich">
Rochelle Majer Krich

Rochelle Majer Krich (born 1947) is a writer of mystery novels and winner of an Anthony Award and the Mary Higgins Clark Award.
Biography.
Krich was born in Bayreuth, Germany but emigrated to the United States in 1951, moving to Los Angeles in 1960. Her parents were survivors of the Holocaust who met after the war, her father's first wife and daughters having been lost in the camps. She graduated in English from Stern College for Women and met her husband while studying for a master's at UCLA. She is married with six children and taught in an orthodox Jewish high school in Los Angeles for many years.
Her first published novel "Where's Mommy now?" won the Anthony Award for best paperback original and was adapted into film in 1995 as "Perfect Alibi", starring Teri Garr, Hector Elizondo, and Kathleen Quinlan.
Her first series is set in Los Angeles and concerns Jessie Drake, a divorced homicide detective who has a difficult relationship with her mother and sisters. In the third novel, "Angel of Death" Jessie unexpectedly discovers that her mother is Jewish and that family members were lost in the holocaust. Her second series features Molly Blume, from an orthodox Jewish family.

</doc>
<doc id="36689429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689429" title="Adolf Behrman">
Adolf Behrman

Abraham Adolf Behrman (Berman, also spelled Behrmann, July 13, 1876 – August 1943) was a Jewish-Polish-born painter of interwar Poland best known for his outdoor paintings of Jewish Shtetl life as well as landscapes and group portraits. He spent most of his life in Łódź and died during the liquidation of the Białystok Ghetto in the Holocaust.
Biography.
Behrman's place of birth is uncertain. He was born either in the town of Tukkum near Mitawa, or in Riga (sources vary), the son of Róża and Markus Behrman, who arrived in Łódź sometime before the end of the century. Adolf studied art under Jakub Kacenbogen at his private Drawing School in Łódź before the 1900s. He continued his studies in Munich in 1900–1904, first privately, then at the Academy of Fine Arts in Munich under Gabriel von Hackl. His paintings inspired the art critic Zygmunt Bomberg-Batowski to write: "Their diverse themes, the depiction - those are always picturesque. This modest artist always thoroughly and lovingly considers any issues brought by a particular theme, in order to best solve the problem of their presentation."
A graduate of the Academy of Fine Arts in Munich, Behrman's first commecial success was the selling of a series of paintings and drawings to an arts' collector in Łódź in 1905 which enabled him to travel to Paris. He lived there, studied at the Academy and worked for the next five years. From 1924 to 1927, Behrman traveled to Palestine, Egypt and later Morocco. His landscapes originating from that period have become the most known part of his work. Behrman's palette became brighter in that period with introduction of impressionist tones. In the 1930s, he returned to Poland and went to Kazimierz Dolny for the first time. There, he created one of his most important works, "Interior of the Synagogue in Kazimierz Dolny."
Behrman was a painter of scenes from daily life of the Polish Jews and views of Jewish quarters. His 1914 painting "The Jewish Bride" was used for the cover of the book "The Stories Our Parents Found Too Painful to Tell", originally a memoir written in Yiddish titled "The Annihilation of Bialystok Jewry", by Rafael Rajzner and Henry R. Lew.
His last major exhibit took place in 1935 in Łódź. After the Nazi German and Soviet invasion of Poland, Behrman escaped to Białystok in the Russian zone of occupation. He was killed in 1943 by the Nazis in the Białystok Ghetto around the time of the perilous Białystok Ghetto Uprising. Many of Behrman's paintings were destroyed in World War II. Some of his paintings can be found at the Historical Museum of Kraków and at the Łódź Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36689466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689466" title="TenDJiz">
TenDJiz

TenDJiz (born Denis Chernyshov) is a Russian-born, Miami-based producer and sound engineer, member of the Audio Engineering Society. He received classical music education. TenDJiz plays piano, guitar and bass guitar. Since 2010, he has been working at his own TenDJiz Miami Studio under an extraordinary ability in the arts visa.
The Soulviet Trilogy.
TenDJiz produced and mixed the Soulviet Trilogy which consists of 3 albums: De La Soulviet (2011), Q-Tipokratiya (2012) and CommoNasm (2012) that were created by blending acapellas of American hip-hop artists (De La Soul, Q-Tip, Common and Nas) with instrumentals composed from Soviet Soul and Jazz samples.
The albums from the Soulviet Trilogy have received positive reviews from critics and music industry's influential people. Jeff Weiss of The Los Angeles Times said about De La Soulviet: "the blends are artfully done and the samples are tastefully chosen." Roslynn Cobarrubias, the Senior Director of Urban Marketing at MySpace Music called the concept of De la Soulviet "awesome" and posted the album on her blog. The Miami New Times named De La Soulviet "Mashup Revolution". Okayplayer claims "TenDJiz made a splash with his De La Soulviet mixtape". Chris Salmon of The Guardian said about Q-Tipokratiya: "It works rather well." On-line magazine egotripland.com described Q-Tipokratiya as "pretty clever stuff."
Common tweeted about CommoNasm and called it "Fresh" The Miami New Times named TenDJiz "the mastermind behind an awesome mixtape series". Soulbounce.com (winner of the 2010 Soul Train Awards) claims that "TenDJiz's production, mixing and scratching is near flawless."Respect magazine described CommoNasm as "an incredibly ambitious and awing project." CommoNasm was called "flawless mashup" by HipHopDX.com and described as "amazing" by 2dopeboyz.com. Fashion Nerrd Magazine claims that the Soulviet Trilogy is "a bridging of the gap between the two formerly antagonistic superpower nations" 
The albums have been featured on many on-line magazines and music websites such as: Blurt Magazine, Peace Magazine, Nodfactor.com, Rumba Magazine (Finland), Radio Nova (France), Rubyhornet.com, Thewordisbond.com, Slang Magazine, Fleamarketfunk.com, Bamalovesoul.com, Blockmuzikradio.com, ProducersIKnow.com, Kevinnottingham.com 
Mixing.
TenDJiz's mixing and mastering credits include work for a two-time Grammy winner Federico Britos, Emmy winner Jorge Heilpern, Big Pooh, Chaundon, Rapsody, Killah Priest, Dynas (BBE Record Label), J.Nics, Skam2, Anjuli Stars, Vurn. IMF Magazine called TenDJiz "the very talented engineer and producer". The album "Elevation" by Vurn recorded and mixed by TenDJiz was named one of The Best 20 Free Albums of The First Half of 2011 on Kevinnottingham.com. "The Executive Suite" LP (mixed/mastered by TenDJiz) has earned a 4.8/5.0 rating on DJBooth.net 
Russian Projects.
In Russia, TenDJiz has produced and mixed songs for Mister Maloy , Ligalize (winner of the 2006 MTV Music Awards), CENTR (winner of the 2008 MTV Music Awards), Detsl (winner of the 2000 MTV International Viewer's Choice Awards), Bad Balance. He also produced music for a Sprite TV Commercial and soundtracks for video games (Nuclear Titbit , winner of the 2004 Gameland Awards).

</doc>
<doc id="36689470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689470" title="Yasin Bhatkal">
Yasin Bhatkal

Mohammed Ahmed Sidibapa, named Yasin Bhatkal by Indian investigative agencies, is the alleged founder leader of the proscribed terrorist organization Indian Mujahideen (IM). He was listed on the NIA Most Wanted until his arrest on the India-Nepal border near Motihari, Bihar on 28 August 2013. Yasin undertook arms and explosive training in Pakistan in 2006 to launch terror attacks.
Early life.
Ahmed Siddibapa was born on 15 January 1983 to Zarar Siddibapa and Rehana. He studied until the 10th grade at Bhatkal. After not being able to clear his 10th grade examination he left for Dubai in November, 2005. According to his family, Ahmed disappeared from Dubai in January, 2007. Few years back he married a girl named Zahida at New Delhi. He told her that he was Imran hailing from Lucknow. Since 2010, he was living in the guise of Dr. Shahrukh, a Unani Doctor at Pokhara, Nepal.
Militancy.
2010 Bangalore stadium bombing.
In 2010, the Karnataka investigators had alleged that the attacks were likely to have been carried out by a jihadist cell led by Karachi based jihadist, Riyaz Ismail Shahbandri's key lieutenant Yasin . Soon after the arrest of several of Sidibapa's alleged associates from Darbhanga, in Bihar police began investigating Fasih Mehmood's possible role in the cell.
2012 Pune bombing.
Indian Investigators suspect Yasin, had planted one of the bombs on Jangli Maharaj road on August 1, when four low-intensity blasts occurred in Pune.
Capture and interrogation.
Yasin has been traced and detained at the India-Nepal border in Nepal by Nepal Police and handed to Indian Police. "He is presently in the custody of Bihar Police. His interrogation is going on", Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde told newspersons here on Thursday morning.
The Bihar Police are interrogating Yasin and will later produce him in a court for transit remand. Bihar police D.G.P. has also interrogated yasin.
The arrest of Yasin alias Ahmed Siddibappa alias Shahrukh is being seen as a major breakthrough in the agencies' protracted efforts to break the back of the Indian Mujahideen, the Lashker-e-Taiba-backed indigenous jihadi outfit behind the Mumbai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Pune and Jaipur blasts. 
"This is the biggest success after the Batla House operation, following which the IM was forced to slow down its activities," said an intelligence official.
Yasin, wanted for a string of bombings in India, and another suspected terrorist have been arrested from the India-Nepal border, officials said Thursday.
This is the second big catch for Indian security agencies after the arrest of Abdul Karim Tunda, a key Lashkar-e-Taiba operative and expert bomb-maker, who too was arrested from the India-Nepal border Aug 16. Announcing the arrest of one of India’s most wanted terrorists who was on the run for five years, Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde said: “Yasin has been arrested last (Wednesday i.e. 28 August 2013) night.
Yasin Bhatkal admits his involvement in carrying out the 2011 triple blasts in Mumbai. He admitted to the investigative agency that he was the mastermind behind the blasts and he is satisfied with whatever he has done and has no remorse or regret whatsoever.
Arms training in Pakistan.
Yasin Bhatkal allegedly entered Pakistan in early 2006 on a regular commercial flight from Dubai even though he did not have a visa and was whisked away from the aircraft by his contacts to avoid immigration checks. Yasin was taken to a hilly region with little habitation around, about 8-10 hours from Karachi and believed to be somewhere in the Pakistani province of Balochistan.
"Next day our training started. There were six instructors, who I understand were from Pakistan army," he has said, adding that he and some other recruits were taught to handle weapons and explosives and make bombs during the training that lasted about 50 days.
Yasin has told interrogators that he spent about 50 days in Pakistan undergoing training to launch terror attacks and returned to Dubai in the same manner after his hosts stamped his passport with fake immigration stamps to show that he had entered and exited India.

</doc>
<doc id="36689475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689475" title="Issam Tej">
Issam Tej

Issam Tej (born 29 July 1979) is a Tunisian handball player. He was born in Tunis. He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. He also competed for the Tunisian national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the Tunisian team reached the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36689482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689482" title="Jukebox School of Music">
Jukebox School of Music

Jukebox School of Music is the fifth album by folk guitarist Sandy Bull, released in 1988 through ROM Records. It was his first release in over fifteen years.
Release and reception.
Allmusic writer Jason Ankeny wrote: "A walking encyclopedia of musical instruments and styles, Bull illustrates the sheer breadth of his mastery on "Jukebox School of Music"." He gave the album three out of five stars, stating that despite being eclectic it is also exhausting overall. Critic Byron Coley of "Spin" described it as "a diary of Sandy's musical thoughts over the last decade", calling the acoustic tracks "humanly felt, deeply contemplative crystalline structures."

</doc>
<doc id="36689493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689493" title="Louise Dimanche">
Louise Dimanche

Louise Dimanche (before 1715 - floruit 1739), was a French actress, opera singer, ballet dancer and theatre director. She was the director of the La Monnaie in Brussels from 1721 to 1722. She was the first woman in that position.
Dimanche was a dancer at La Monnaie in 1715, and active as a dancer and as a singer in Lille in 1715-1718. In 1729, she was a singer of the royal chapel in Dresden. She was active in Brussels again in 1737-39.

</doc>
<doc id="36689497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689497" title="Album Title Goes Here">
Album Title Goes Here

Album Title Goes Here (stylized as > album title goes here <) is the sixth studio album (and fourth mainstream album) by Canadian house music producer deadmau5. It was released on September 21, 2012 by Ultra Records.
The album is more experimental than deadmau5's previous mainstream albums, and he has stated in an interview with Fuse that he has considered producing music similar to his 2005 album "Get Scraped" again.
Background.
Recorded between 2007 and 2012, the album was primarily produced by deadmau5, featuring guest appearances from Wolfgang Gartner, Gerard Way, formerly of My Chemical Romance, Cypress Hill, Imogen Heap, and singer Chris James. According to deadmau5, the album is partially a compilation of songs that were previously recorded and not released as singles. While "Album Title Goes Here" primarily uses influences of progressive house and electro house, it also incorporates genres such as downtempo, trip hop, IDM, ambient and hip hop. The songs "Sleepless", "Take Care of the Proper Paperwork", "Telemiscommunications" and "Failbait" break from deadmau5's typical progressive house and electro house sound, and are widely compared to deadmau5's "Get Scraped"-era material.
Singles.
The album has spawned five singles to date: "Maths", "The Veldt", "Professional Griefers", "Channel 42", and "Telemiscommunications". A music video directed by Paul Boyd was released for "Professional Griefers", which featured both deadmau5 and Way, and was promoted by Ultimate Fighting Championship. A fully animated music video by Qudos Animations was released on June 25, 2012. In a live stream on Ustream, deadmau5 confirmed the track "Sleepless" on the album was supposed to contain the vocals he had recorded, but he claimed to have accidentally submitted the wrong file without the vocals. This mistake got the vocal-less version placed on the final copy of the album. He released the "Vocal Mix" of Sleepless on his 'live.deadmau5' subscription service.
Reception.
At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, "Album Title Goes Here" received an average score of 59, based on 13 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Some critics commended the album's collaborations and excellent production value, but others criticized its lack of creativity. The album debuted at number two on the Canadian Albums Chart with first-week sales of 13,000 copies.
Selling 58,000 copies in the United States in its first week, "Album Title Goes Here" debuted at number six on the "Billboard" 200 and at number one on the Dance/Electronic Albums chart, becoming deadmau5's first number-one album on the latter chart. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number nine on sales of 14,325 units, his highest-charting album in the United Kingdom to date.
The album received a nomination for Best Dance/Electronica Album at the 55th Grammy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="36689503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689503" title="Jaleleddine Touati">
Jaleleddine Touati

Jaleleddine Touati (born 1982) is a Tunisian handball player, playing for the French club Dunkerque. He was born in Tunis. He competed for the Tunisian national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the Tunisian team reached the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36689508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689508" title="Teray Smith">
Teray Smith

Teray Smith (born 28 September 1994) is a Bahamian sprinter.
He attended American Heritage School in Plantation, Florida, for his junior and senior year, after transferring from Everglades High School in Miramar.
Smith won a bronze medal in the 100 metres at the 2012 CARIFTA Games in Hamilton, Bermuda & a gold medal at the 2013 CARIFTA Games in Nassau, Bahamas.

</doc>
<doc id="36689518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689518" title="Orlando H. Manning">
Orlando H. Manning

Orlando Harrison Manning (May 18, 1847-September 19, 1909) was an American politician.
Born in Abington, Indiana, Manning moved with his family to Iowa. He eventually studied law and settled in Carroll, Iowa to practice law. Manning served in the Iowa House of Representatives 1876-1880 and as Lieutenant Governor of Iowa 1880-1884. Later he practiced law in Denver, Colorado, Topeka, Kansas, Chicago, Illinois, and New York City. He died in Atlantic City, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="36689523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689523" title="Marouen Maggaiz">
Marouen Maggaiz

Marouen Maggaiz (born 1983) is a Tunisian handball goalkeeper. He competed for the Tunisian national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the Tunisian team reached the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36689538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689538" title="Vehicles (album)">
Vehicles (album)

Vehicles is the sixth album by folk guitarist Sandy Bull, released in 1992 through Timeless Recording Society.

</doc>
<doc id="36689541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689541" title="Artur Fonvizin">
Artur Fonvizin

Artur Vladimirovich Fonvizin (, from ; 11 January 1883 - 19 August 1973) was a Soviet painter of watercolours.
Biography.
Artur Fonvizin was born on 11 January 1883 in Riga, Latvia, the son of a German-born forester.
Studies.
After finishing high school in 1901, he went to study at the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture. His early works were signed "von Wiesen". His teachers were K. N. Gorski, V. N. Baksheev, and P. I. Klodt.
There he met Mikhail Larionov, the leader of the Union of Youth, ready to "subvert the old art." When the Union arranged an exhibition without the permission of the school authorities, he was expelled from the school, along with Mikhail Larionov and Sergei Sudeikin.
In 1904, he moved to Munich, where he continued his studies at private art studios.
In 1906, he returned to Russia, to live for a time with his parents in their village.
Shows.
From 1907 until the Great War, as a member of Larionov's group, Fonvizin was a notable participant in the exhibitions "Blue Rose" (1907), "Stephanos" (1909), "Union of Youth", the first exhibition of the "The Jack of Diamonds" (December 1910), the exhibitions "Target" and "The Donkey's Tail" (1910–12). He participated in the salons of the "Golden Fleece" and "Wreath-Stephanos", and joined the "World of Art" movement. His works of this period can be characterized as "symbolist", in the so-called "lyrical primitive" style. His most famous works of the time are "The Bride" (1902), "Leda" (1904), and "Composition with the figure of Christ" (1904).
When the First World War started, Fonvizin moved to the province of Tambov, where he painted a great deal from nature. In 1918, he headed the art studio at the Proletarian Culture artistic organisation in Tambov. In 1922, he became a member of the creative organization "Makovets" and participated in its exhibitions. In 1923, he taught at the Art College of Nizhny Novgorod. In 1926, he returned to the Tambov studio of illustrative art.
A World of Watercolors.
In 1927, he went to Moscow, where the following year he joined the Society of Artists of Moscow and the Association of Artists of Revolutionary Russia. At the same time, he moved on to watercolours, his primary medium for the rest of his life. In 1929, he visited Leningrad, where he sketched views of the city; in the early 1930s he travelled to Kerch and Askania-Nova. Other works of those years include illustrations for "1001 Nights" (1932), and "A German Romantic Tale" (1936).
His first solo exhibition was held at the Pushkin Museum in 1936.
In 1937, during a Communist campaign against formalism in art, the Soviet press lumped him with the "The Gang of Formalists" (which comprised "The Three F's": Falk, Favorsky, and Fonvizin).
From the beginning of the 1940s to his death, the main themes of the artist's works were portraits of theatre actresses in stage costume, sketches of the circus, pictures of pre-revolutionary life, images of flowers, and landscapes. Fonvizin's distinguishing characteristic is that he painted directly, without the use of preparatory sketches in pencil.
Exiled.
In 1943, because of his German descent, Fonvizin was exiled to Kazakhstan. There he began his cycles "Karaganda" and "The Cabmen".
From 1958 to 1960, the artist lived in the village of Pirogovo, where he painted landscapes.
He continued to exhibit his works after the Second World War. His personal exhibitions were held in the Union of Theatrical Artists of the Russian Federation (1940), Central House of Artistic Workers (1944, 1947), Central House of Litterateurs (1955), in the halls of the Moscow Union of Artists (1958), and at the Union of Artists of the USSR (1969).
In 1970, he received the title of Honoured Artist of the Russian Federation.
He died on 19 August 1973 in Moscow.
Sketches and watercolor portraits of actors and artists, landscapes and still lifes by Fonvizin are kept in the Tretyakov Gallery, the Pushkin Museum, and the State Russian Museum.
References.
Note: This article has been translated from its 

</doc>
<doc id="36689545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689545" title="Algeria at the 1996 Summer Paralympics">
Algeria at the 1996 Summer Paralympics

Athletes from the Algeria competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36689547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689547" title="Wassim Helal">
Wassim Helal

Wassim Helal (born 1982) is a Tunisian handball goalkeeper. He was born in the Monastir Governorate. He competed for the Tunisian national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where the Tunisian team reached the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36689552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689552" title="1999 Washington State Cougars football team">
1999 Washington State Cougars football team

The 1999 Washington State Cougars football team represented Washington State University during the 1999 NCAA Division I-A football season.

</doc>
<doc id="36689559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689559" title="List of state leaders in 308 BC">
List of state leaders in 308 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36689563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689563" title="Dehmolla">
Dehmolla

Dehmolla (, also Romanized as Dehmollā, Deh-e Mollā, and Deh-i-Mulla; also known as Kalāteh-ye Mollā) is a village in Dehmolla Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,138, in 356 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689566" title="Deh-e Molla">
Deh-e Molla

Deh-e Molla or Deh Molla () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36689576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689576" title="Soriano's yellow-shouldered bat">
Soriano's yellow-shouldered bat

Soriano's Yellow-shouldered Bat ("Sturnira sorianoi"), is an extant species of leaf-nosed bat indigenous to Bolivia and Venezuela, although its precise distribution is uncertain. Following the postulation of the species in 2005, "S. sorianoi" requires contemporary information relating its distribution, environment, and population, along with formal a comparison with "S. erythromos" and "S. bogotensis". Without sufficient data, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) presently considers the taxonomy for "S. sorianoi" as incomplete.

</doc>
<doc id="36689582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689582" title="Kalateh-ye Molla, Meyami">
Kalateh-ye Molla, Meyami

Kalateh-ye Molla (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mollā) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689592" title="Anouar Ayed">
Anouar Ayed

Anouar Ayed (born 1978) is a Tunisian handball player. He was born in Moknine, Monastir. He has represented Tunisia at two Olympic Games: 2000 Sidney Olympics and the 2012 London Olympics, where the Tunisian team reached the quarter finals.
Honours.
National Team.
African Championship
Summer Olympic Games
World Championship
Club.
Tunisia National League
Tunisia National Cup
IHF Super Globe
Asian Champions League
Arab Championship of Champions
Arab Championship of Winners' Cup

</doc>
<doc id="36689595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689595" title="Torud, Semnan">
Torud, Semnan

Torud (, also Romanized as Torūd and Ţorūd; also known as Touroud, Turūd, and Turut) is a village in Torud Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,901, in 410 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689599" title="X (The 69 Eyes album)">
X (The 69 Eyes album)

X (as in the Roman numeral for 10) is the name of the tenth studio album by gothic rock band The 69 Eyes. The band chose "Red" as their first single. Days before the release of "X", they released "Borderline" as their second single.
"Rosary Blue", a bonus track, features vocals by American tattoo artist Kat Von D.
Reception.
The "Blistering" magazine marked a "versatile" mix of styles with notes of Billy Idol, Johnny Cash and Danzig. The reviewer wrote also that the marketing of the album and the band in general would benefit from their change to the Nuclear Blast label.
"X" received mixed reviews from the German music press. In a very positive review, the "Orkus" magazine noted a change from guitar-dominated hymns to melodic rock tunes and praised singer Jyrki69's
"passionate" singing. "Metal Hammer" Germany released two different staff reviews, noting that the board of editors was at odds with rating the album. While Enrico Ahlig praised a return to melodic ballads and a "Finnish melancholy", and rated "Borderline" the best track by The 69 Eyes for the last ten years, Jakob Kranz wrote a negative review. He called the songs "sticky" () and noted that the album sounded too commercial.

</doc>
<doc id="36689602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689602" title="Touroud">
Touroud

Touroud can refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="36689604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689604" title="Into the Arena">
Into the Arena

Into the Arena is a live - compilation album of the American heavy metal band Omen.
It was released digitally in December 20, 2011 by DSN Music and on CD format in May 15, 2012 by No Remorse Records. It's an official and extended re-release of Into The Arena: 20 Years Live, an unofficial 2008 release by KRP studios.
The CD release is a limited edition of 500 hand-numbered copies, with 16-page booklet including lyrics, many unreleased photos and liner notes from Kenny Powell.

</doc>
<doc id="36689614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689614" title="Cejhae Greene">
Cejhae Greene

Cejhae Colin Greene (born 6 October 1995) is an Antiguan sprinter. He attends Princess Margaret Secondary School.
Greene won a bronze medal in the 100 metres at the 2012 Central American and Caribbean Junior Championships in Athletics in San Salvador, El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="36689620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689620" title="Turut">
Turut

Turut may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36689634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689634" title="Forumad">
Forumad

Forumad (, also Romanized as Forūmad; also known as Fārūmād and Furmāk) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,959, in 616 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689647" title="List of state leaders in 307 BC">
List of state leaders in 307 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36689651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689651" title="Algeria at the 1992 Summer Paralympics">
Algeria at the 1992 Summer Paralympics

Athletes from the Algeria competed at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. It's the first participation of Algeria in the games.

</doc>
<doc id="36689660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689660" title="Khij, Semnan">
Khij, Semnan

Khij (, also Romanized as Khīj; also known as Khīja) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,591, in 447 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689670" title="Mazaj">
Mazaj

Mazaj (, also Romanized as Mazj; also known as Magās, Maghāzu, and Maghz) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 666, in 215 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689671" title="This Job's A Trip!">
This Job's A Trip!

"This Job's A Trip!" is an American reality television show that aired exclusively on The Travel Channel produced by Brave St. Productions in association with Vocation Vacations. The series was written & directed by Chris Voos and aired for a single season in 2006.
Premise.
Episodes of "This Job's A Trip!" featured one male and one female participant with nothing in common except their ideal dream job. After brief interviews, each 'job tripper' was taken from their respective locations to somewhere far away for a shared opportunity to try out their dream job. They were given a series of progressive challenges together to see if they could survive in their ideal profession or if they were better suited for their existing day job. The theme of each episode featured a different dream job and two new participants.
In an interview with Catherine Applefeld Olson of CableFax, Patrick Younge explains the show was picked up as part of an overall strategy to help define The Travel Channel as "passion-based network."
Press.
Multichannel News published a "What's On" review on the show: http://www.multichannel.com/article/123144-What_s_On.php
Examiner.com listed the show alongside other shows that also premiered the same day in history April 27 including The NBC talk show Leave It To The Girls in 1949, The CBS talk show The Sam Levinson Show in 1959, The CBS sports show The Summer Sports Spectacular in 1961, The CBS animated series The Bugs Bunny/Road Runner Show in 1976, The NBC drama The Runaways in 1978, The PBS series Cooking Under Fire in 2005, The BET series Season Of The Tiger in 2006 and The VH1 series Celebracadabra in 2008.
TV Guide published an announcement and description of the show http://www.tvguide.com/tvshows/this-jobs-a-trip/279778
LocateTV also published a page for the show including a full list of episodes: http://www.locatetv.com/tv/this-jobs-a-trip/2086947/episode-guide
Zooraft published an article for the premier Rafting Guide episode featuring veteran river guide Mark Zoller: http://www.zooraft.com/common/about/media/2006-04-20_Enterprise_River%20guide%20Job%20Tripper.php
Announcements for the second Fire Fighter episode were published on two online trade forums. The first for firefighters: http://www.firehouse.com/forums/t81241/ and the other for emergency medical technicians: http://www.emtbravo.net/index.php/topic/11173-this-jobs-a-trip-on-the-travel-channel/
An Bicycling (magazine) published an article detailing the third Pro Cyclist episode: http://books.google.com/books?id=hcUDAAAAMBAJ&pg=PA38&lpg=PA38&dq=This+job%27s+a+trip&source=bl&ots=APujpaAAYs&sig=K8ZiU6lfzXn6XKwB-VCnO1kYB1s&hl=en&sa=X&ei=OHAmUJWVO6fY0QHwioDYDA&ved=0CGUQ6AEwCTg8#v=onepage&q=This%20job%27s%20a%20trip&f=false
The National Outdoor Leadership School trained Andrew Boston who was a participant in the tenth Dog Sled Musher episode which was the subject of an article featured on NOLS - The Leader http://www.nols.edu/alumni/leader/06summer/alumni_in_action.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="36689686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689686" title="Altarea SCA">
Altarea SCA

Altarea, also called Altarea Cogedim, is a company dedicated to both the development and investment in real estate, focusing especially on in construction, extension and development of shopping centers, as well as real estate development. Headquartered in France, it operates local agencies and subsidiaries in Spain and Italy. Most of its businesses, however, take place in France and Italy. 
History.
The company was founded in 1994 by Alain Taravella and Jacques Nicolet, with the name being a shortened version of "Alain Taravella Real Estate." The company was initially engaged in the shopping malls development. During the following years, it absorbed several smaller firms in the French property sector. In 2001 was established the Italian subsidiary. In 2007, Altarea purchased Cogedim from various investors, principally the Italian insurer Vittoria Assicurazioni SpA, at a cost of €650 million. Cogedim had been founded in 1963 and had a wider range of activities. 
Ownership.
According to reports from the company, 48.9 percent of it is owned by its founders, 16.6 percent by Prédica Crédit Agricole Assurances, 12.1 percent by Foncière des Régions, 7.7 by ABP Fund and 14.7 percent by smaller shareholders.
Relevant projects.
In the early 2000s, Altarea introduced the "Family Village" concept. It involves shopping malls with a distinctive architecture and "environmentally friendly", designed for a clientele consisting of families and multiple age groups. The whole structure centers on parks and green areas. Bercy Village attracts 12 million visitors each year, 20% of whom are tourists. 
In 2007, Altarea Cogedim purchased from the French State a 33.34 percent stake in Semmaris, the company that manages the Rungis International Market, the biggest wholesale food market in the world.
On 23 February, 2011, it was announced that Altarea Cogedim, together with CFC Développement, will build the new French headquarters of Mercedes-Benz at Montigny-le-Bretonneux, replacing the current system of three venues for the carmaker distributed throughout the country. Altarea constructed around 170,000 m2 of offices and hotels in 2011.
On 27 October 2011, an Altarea Cogedim subsidiary, Altacom, acquired a 24.13 percent stake in Rue du Commerce SA, one of France’s leading online retailers. On 26 January, 2012, Altacom announced the purchase of a 95.11 percent majority stake, taking control of the firm, which allowed Altarea to diversify its business approach.

</doc>
<doc id="36689691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689691" title="Vigilius (genus)">
Vigilius (genus)

Vigilius is an extinct genus of brachyopid temnospondyl amphibian from the Triassic of Arizona. It is known from the single type species "Vigilius wellesi".
The holotype specimen of "Vigilius" is a skull labelled UCMP 36199. The skull was found in an area alongside Arizona State Route 64 overlooking the Grand Canyon. It came from a layer of the Early Triassic Moenkopi Formation. The skull was described by paleontologists Samuel Paul Welles and Richard Estes in 1969 and attributed to a new genus and species of brachyopid called "Hadrokkosaurus bradyi". The holotype of "Hadrokkosaurus" was an isolated lower jaw. In 2000, paleontologists Anne Warren and Claudia Marsicano suggested that the lower jaw and skull represent two different species, as they were found over apart and come from two animals of different size. Warren and Marsicano assigned the skull the a new genus and species "Vigilius wellesi". The genus name comes from the Latin word "vigilia" meaning "keeping watch," a reference to its large eye sockets and "to the fact that the skull was keeping vigil over the Grand Canyon." The species was named in honor of Welles. Several bones found around the Grand Canyon site were also attributed to "Vigilius", including a pterygoid bone that was described in 1971 as a scapulacoracoid. Additional remains were found west of Holbrook, Arizona.
Phylogeny.
The material now assigned to "Vigilius" was first identified as remains of a brachyopoid. Warren and Marsicano conducted a phylogenetic analysis of many brachyopoids and found "Vigilius" to nest within the family Brachyopidae. Brachyopoidea is normally divided into the families Brachyopidae and Chigutisauridae, but these families are not always considered closely related; in some studies, Chigutisauridae is placed in a group of mostly Mesozoic temnospondyls called Stereospondyli while Brachyopidae is classified within a group of temnospondyls called Dvinosauria, which includes Carboniferous and Permian taxa that are older than "Vigilius". The relationship of dvinosaurians to other temnospondyls is uncertain, as they may or may not belong to Stereospondyli. Warren and Marsicano identified many features in "Vigilius" that are not seen in other brachyopoids but are common in dvinosaurians, including a narrow vomer bone at the front of the palate and a very wide cultriform process at the front of the parasphenoid, a bone on the underside of the skull. They considered "Vigilius" to be a dvinosaur in spite of the results of their phylogenetic analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="36689694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689694" title="List of state leaders in 306 BC">
List of state leaders in 306 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36689698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689698" title="Qaleh-ye Akhund">
Qaleh-ye Akhund

Qaleh-ye Akhund (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Ākhūnd; also known as Eslāmābād (اسلام آباد) and Shāhdeh) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36689730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689730" title="Hold Me (Laura Branigan song)">
Hold Me (Laura Branigan song)

"Hold Me" is a single by American pop singer Laura Branigan, released as the second single from her 1985 album "Hold Me". The song was written by the married couple American singer/songwriter Beth Andersen and American producer/musician Bill Bodine.
Background.
Following the success of the previous single "Spanish Eddie" peaked at #40 in America, "Hold Me" followed as the next single. It was not as successful, only managing to peak at #82 in America and #39 on the American Dance/Club Play Songs Chart.
Release.
The single was released on both 7" and 12" vinyl in America and on 7" vinyl in Japan only. The single did not get a European release.
The single's b-side was the track "Tenderness" which was featured on the same album, written by German producer/composer Jack White, Branigan and American songwriter/producer Mark Spiro. This track had already been b-side to the previous single "Spanish Eddie". On the Japanese 7" vinyl, the b-side was the track "When the Heat Hits the Streets" which was also featured on the same album, written by Cappy Capossela and Linda Schreyer.
The American 7" vinyl single used an edit of the "Hold Me" track, cutting half a minute from the album version, whilst "Tenderness" was the b-side. An American 7" promotional single was also released, featuring "Hold Me (Edited Version of Remix)" as the a-side (the same version as the main single track) and "Hold Me (New Extended Remix)" as the b-side, both remixed by American producer Beau Hill. In Japan, the 7" vinyl featured "Hold Me" and "Tenderness" as the b-side, whilst a Japanese 7" promotional single featured the same two tracks.
The American 12" vinyl featured "Hold Me (Vocal/New Extended Remix)" as the a-side, whilst "Tenderness (Vocal/Extended Remix Version)" and "Spanish Eddie (Vocal/Extended Remix Version)" were the two b-sides. An American 12" promotional single used the a-side "Hold Me (Vocal/New Extended Remix)" as the track on both sides of the vinyl.
"Hold Me" was produced by German producer/composer Jack White and German musician/songwriter/producer Harold Faltermeyer, whilst "Tenderness" was produced by White and "When the Heat Hits the Streets" was produced by Mark Spiro. White had previously worked with Branigan for her entire recording career up to that point.
The single's cover features a center image of Branigan posing, whilst the sleeve uses a black background. The single's artwork would be re-used for the following European only single "Maybe Tonight".
The song has never appeared on any Laura Branigan compilation.
Promotion.
No music video was created for the single, unlike the leading single "Spanish Eddie" from the "Hold Me" album.
Branigan performed the song on American syndicated music television show Solid Gold, Dick Clark's music/comedy/talk show Nitetime, as well as another, although unknown, American TV show. Branigan would perform the song on the tour for the "Hold Me" album, and would continue to perform it on the tour for her 1987 follow-up album "Touch". A particular live version filmed in Chile, 1986, at the Viña del mar Song Festival was broadcast in Chile on national TV.

</doc>
<doc id="36689777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689777" title="Liuzzi-class submarine">
Liuzzi-class submarine

The "Liuzzi"-class was a class of four submarines built by Tosi in Taranto for the Royal Italian Navy (). The submarines were built in 1939 and began their Second World War service in the Mediterranean Sea, where "Liuzzi" was sunk. The three surviving boats were transferred to the BETASOM German submarine base at Bordeaux in 1940. After "Tarantini" was sunk, "Bagnolini" and "Giuliani" were selected for conversion to "transport submarines" in order to exchange rare or irreplaceable trade goods with Japan. Cargo capacity of 160 tons reduced reserve buoyancy from 20–25% to 3.5–6%; and armament was reduced to defensive machine guns.
Ships.
"Alpino Attilio Bagnolini".
"Bagnolini" (pennant number BI) was launched 28 October 1939 and completed on 22 December 1939. "Bagnolini" was at sea when Italy declared war, and torpedoed the cruiser south of Crete on 12 June 1940. A second Mediterranean war patrol was unsuccessful. "Bagnolini" sailed on 9 September 1940 and passed the Strait of Gibraltar on 13 September for an Atlantic patrol to Bordeaux on 30 September. En route "Bagnolini" torpedoed the neutral Spanish freighter "Gabo Tortosa". "Bagnolini" sank a single ship on its first BETASOM patrol before being damaged by anti-submarine patrols. A July 1941 patrol off Gibraltar and a patrol off the Azores from 18 January to 22 February 1942 were unsuccessful; and three patrols to the South Atlantic from 24 April to 28 June, from 15 September to 7 November 1942, and from 14 February to 13 April 1943 were similarly unproductive. After conversion to a German transport submarine, "Bagnolini" sailed as "UIT-22" on 26 January 1944 and was sunk off the Cape of Good Hope by No. 262 Squadron RAF Consolidated PBY Catalinas on 11 March.
"Reginaldo Giuliani".
"Giuliani" (pennant number GN) was launched 3 December 1939. After two unsuccessful Mediterranean war patrols, "Giuliani" sailed on 29 August 1940 and passed the Strait of Gibraltar on 10 September for an Atlantic patrol to Bordeaux on 30 September. After an unsuccessful BETASOM patrol in November, "Giuliani" sailed on 16 March 1941 to serve as a training submarine at Gdynia to instruct Italian officers in attack techniques and methodologies employed by the Germans. From April 1941 to April 1942 training courses of two to five weeks including Baltic Sea cruises of ten to twenty days were completed by seven Italian crews. "Giuliani" returned to Bordeaux on 23 May 1942. "Giuliani" sank three ships during a patrol off the Cape Verde Islands from 24 June to 3 September 1942. "Giuliani" remained in the Spanish port of Santander, Cantabria until 8 November 1942 repairing damage inflicted by Short Sunderlands on 2 September. After return to France and conversion to a transport submarine, "Giuliani" sailed on 16 May 1943 with 130 tonnes of mercury and reached Singapore on 1 August 1943. When Italy surrendered on 8 September 1943 "Guiliani" was seized by Germany in Singapore and renamed "UIT-23". "UIT-23" sailed for France on 15 February 1944 with 135 tonnes of rubber and 70 tonnes of tin, and was torpedoed three days later by . There were 14 survivors from the crew of forty. 
"Capitano Raffaele Tarantini".
"Tarantini" (pennant number TT) was launched 7 January 1940 and was on patrol in the Mediterranean when Italy declared war. "Tarantini" sank one ship on its second Mediterranean war patrol, but then had two unsuccessful patrols. "Tarantini" sailed on 31 August 1940 and passed the Strait of Gibraltar on 10 September for an Atlantic patrol to Bordeaux on 5 October. "Tarantini" began its first BETASOM patrol on 11 November and was torpedoed by in the Gironde estuary while returning to base on 15 December 1940. Five of the crew were rescued.

</doc>
<doc id="36689783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689783" title="List of state leaders in 305 BC">
List of state leaders in 305 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Europe.
Macedonia.
At this time, the Macedonian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36689818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689818" title="David Short">
David Short

David Short may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36689842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689842" title="William Demarest (sport shooter)">
William Demarest (sport shooter)

William Demarest (born 1964) is an American sport shooter. He was born in Worcester, Massachusetts. He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="36689854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689854" title="Keddy Lesporis">
Keddy Lesporis

Keddy Lesporis (born 27 December 1988) is a St Lucian cricketer who plays for the Windward Islands cricket team. He bats right handed.

</doc>
<doc id="36689865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689865" title="List of state leaders in 304 BC">
List of state leaders in 304 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="36689873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689873" title="Four Dances Natural Area">
Four Dances Natural Area

Four Dances Natural Area 765 acres of undeveloped open space which were preserved in Billings, Montana and became public land. It is located atop Coburn Hill.
This area was named Four Dances Natural Area after Chief Four Dances, an important religious and military figure in Crow Indian History. The name in the Crow language is "Annishi Shopash", translated as “Place of Four Dances.” This area is traditionally recognized as a fasting site used by Four Dances in the 1830s, during the height of the Rocky Mountain fur trade and the intertribal plains wars. Four Dances took his name from the vision he received while fasting at this place.
This area is on a plateau located two miles east of downtown Billings and is bordered on the east side by Coburn Road. This plateau is edged with cliffs that drop 200-800 feet to the river. The west boundary is the Yellowstone River.

</doc>
<doc id="36689874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689874" title="Mehus">
Mehus

Mehus is a last name common to Flemish and Norwegian people. In the United States of America it is most common in North Dakota.
Other.
Belle Mehus Auditorium a stage for singers to perform.

</doc>
<doc id="36689887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689887" title="Aniela Cukier">
Aniela Cukier

Aniela Cukier (1900-1944) was a Jewish painter who is identified as an Inter-War Polish Artist.
Cukier’s village depictions were mostly executed in graphics, for which she is best known, especially her stylistic color woodcuts. She also painted in oil and pastel, but there she dealt with her subjects in a more realistic style.
Cukier studied painting at a private school run by Konrad Kryzanowski, and since 1923 she continued her studies at the School for Fine Arts in Warsaw, in Mieczyslaw Kotarbinski Tadeusz Pruszkowski’s classes. She also studied graphics at Edmund Czerwienski’s studio. During those years she also frequented open air workshops in the Kazimierz Dolny art colony. She also visited the Krzemieniec art colony, located in the Wolyn region. 
Her landscapes with views of Kazimierz Dolny, Wisniow, and Puck dominated her output and became popular, with some translated to woodcuts. Her work was exhibited in Warsaw in 1938 at the Art Promotion Institute. Some of her work had survived and is in demand partly for its rarity and partly for it charm. However, the great majority of her work was destroyed during World War II as was the case for many artists.
References.
Book: In Kazimierz the Vistula River spoke to them in Yiddish...: Jewish painters in the art colony of Kazimierz Dolny, by Dr. Waldemar Odorowski (Author and Editor), published by Muzeum Nadwislanskie, Kazimierz Dolny, Poland 2008

</doc>
<doc id="36689903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689903" title="List of state leaders in 303 BC">
List of state leaders in 303 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="36689938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689938" title="Palepai, Sumatran ships cloth">
Palepai, Sumatran ships cloth

Described by generations of foreign ethnographers and collectors as "ship cloths" because of the predominance of a ship motif, they were said to represent the "ship of the dead." In Sumatra these cloths are also called "sesai balak" ("big wall"). No convincing field data were ever collected from 19th century weavers or traditional owners about the iconography. Since then, there has been great loss of Lampung traditional knowledge. The history of these ships cloth is obscure and the reasons for both their original use and their decline remain conjectural. . The factors that are presumed to have caused this include the abolition of slavery in 1859, the decline in the pepper trade and changing marriage traditions. Two lesser known forms are the "tatibin" and the "tampan maju". The "tatibin " are similar in design to the single ship palepai but are smaller, not exceeding 1.5 M. The "tampan maju" beaded and also shorter than the large cloths. Only 3 examples of "tampan maju" are known to exist.
Design elements.
No two Palepai are identical, however their designs fall into four main groups.
1. A large ship stretching the entire length of the cloth as is seen in the image above.
2. Two large red ships, an example of which can be seen in the Textile Arts Collection.
3. Two or three rows of stylized human figures extending along the length of the cloth. Powerhouse Museum Collection 
4. Four or more discrete panels. These panels are usually of the same composition, an example of which is in the collection of the Art gallery of New South Wales.
As little is known about the meaning of the design elements of the ships cloth we have to conjecture from ethnographic parallels.
Uses.
The use of palepai is the prerogative of those of the "penyimbang" rank in the complex social structure of the Paminggir people. These textiles are used at many ceremonies of the life cycle. In ceremonies the palepai was hung on the right wall of an inner room of the house as a backdrop for the central figure in the rite. In the marriage ceremony this is the bride who sits in front of the cloth of her husband-to be, after arriving in an elaborately bedecked procession. On the bride's first visit home after the wedding ceremony the cloth may have been hung. And then again, shortly after the birth when the first child is presented to the maternal grandparents to receive a name. The cloth is also hung at the celebration of a boy's circumcision and at funerals. For the Paminggir nobility the presence of the large palepai was also essential at ceremonies pronouncing the rank of the owner.
Technical features.
The designs are executed by a continuous and discontinuous supplementary wefts on a plain cotton weave foundation. A supplementary weft is an additional weft element inserted between two of the regular foundation wefts. The major dyes used were most probably the same as those used in the manufacture of women's sarongs in the area. Sepang ("Caesalpinia sappan") and tamarind for the red, turmeric and tamarind for the yellow, and indigo and lime for the blue. The complexity of the organization of any one cloth is enormous, and even though we can only guess at the technicalities involved, if the reader needs more information this is available online.
Rarity.
These cloths have not been woven in a century and few exemplars can be found today. It is estimated that there are only 1000 to 1500 palepai still in existence.

</doc>
<doc id="36689940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689940" title="Ogle Hall">
Ogle Hall

Ogle Hall is an historic building in Annapolis, Maryland, Maryland Inventory of Historic Properties Inventory #AA-530. It is also known as the United States Naval Academy Alumni House.
It is located at 247 Prince George Street and was built between 1739 and 1742 for Dr. William Stephenson. It changed hands and in 1747, Daniel Cheston leased the property to Provincial Governor of Maryland, Samuel Ogle, giving the building its namesake. Ogle maintained two properties in the Province, the other being the Belair Mansion in nearby Collington, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="36689960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689960" title="Louis-Victor Marcé">
Louis-Victor Marcé

Louis-Victor Marcé (3 June 1828, Paris – August 1864) was a French psychiatrist.
He initially studied medicine in Nantes, afterwards continuing his studies in Paris, where in 1852 he gained his internship. In 1856 he obtained his doctorate with a dissertation on spermatic cysts titled ""Des kystes spermatiques ou de l'hydrocèle enkystée spermatique"". Shortly afterwards, he served as médecin-adjoint to Jules Baillarger (1809-1890) and Jacques-Joseph Moreau (1804-1884) at a "maison de santé" in Ivry-sur-Seine. In 1860 he received his agrégation to the medical faculty in Paris, and during the same year, worked as chief medical officer at "Ferme Sainte-Anne". Soon afterwards he was assigned as a physician to the Bicêtre Hospital. 
In 1858 he published an important, comprehensive monograph dealing with prepartum and postpartum psychiatric disorders titled ""Traité de la folie des femmes enceintes, des nouvelles accouchées et des nourrices, et considérations médico-légales qui se rattachent à ce sujet"" (Treatise on the madness of pregnant women, etc.). The "Société Marcé Francophone", a French association for the study of perinatal and puerperal psychiatry, is named in his honour.
In 1860 he issued an early work on anorexia nervosa titled ""Note sur une forme de délire hypocondriaque consécutive aux dyspepsies et caractérisée principalement par le refus d'aliments"" (On a form of hypochondriacal delirium occurring consecutive to dyspepsia and characterized by refusal of food). Here he provided the first psychological accounts of individuals suffering from anorexia nervosa in regards to obstinate behavioral characteristics. 
Neurologist Albert Pitres (1848-1928) credited Marcé for providing the first description for agraphia, based on a paper issued by Marcé in 1860.

</doc>
<doc id="36689969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689969" title="2012 Western &amp; Southern Open – Women's Singles">
2012 Western &amp; Southern Open – Women's Singles

Maria Sharapova was the defending champion, but withdrew because of a stomach virus.<br>
Li Na defeated Angelique Kerber for the title, 1–6, 6–3, 6–1.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds and the Montreal finalists receive a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36689973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689973" title="James Graves (sport shooter)">
James Graves (sport shooter)

James Todd Graves (born 1963) is an American sport shooter. He was born in Ruston, Louisiana. He won a bronze medal in skeet at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="36689975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689975" title="Lee Seung-chul (wrestler)">
Lee Seung-chul (wrestler)

Lee Seung-Chul (22 July 1988) is a South Korean wrestler who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36689977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689977" title="Capt. Abbas Ali">
Capt. Abbas Ali

Abbas Ali कैप्टन अब्बास अली (born 3 January 1920) is a freedom fighter who was a captain in the Indian National Army led by Subhas Chandra Bose. Later he joined the Socialist movement and was a close associate of Ram Manohar Lohia.
Personal life.
Abbas Ali was born on 3 January 1920 at Khurja, Bulandshahr district of Uttar Pradesh into a Muslim Rajput family. From his early days he was inspired by the revolutionary ideas of Bhagat Singh and joined Naujawan Bharat Sabha, an organization founded by Singh and his colleagues while he was a high school student at Khurja. While pursuing his studies at Aligarh Muslim University he came in contact with Kunwar Muhammed Ashraf and become member of the All India Students Federation. On his inspiration to revolt in army he joined the British Army in 1939 and was posted at various places in then United India and South East Asia during World War II (1939–45).
In 1945 when Subhash Chandra Bose Called for revolt he left British Army and joined the Indian National Army (INA) or “Azad Hind Fauj”2* but later he was arrested, court marshaled and sentenced to death. When India gained independence in 1947 he was released by the Indian Government. During his service in British Army and during Second World War, he was posted at various officers training school of United India such as Bangalore, RIASC Depot Ferozpur (Punjab), Waziristan (N.W.F.P), Naushera (N.W.F.P) Khanpur Camp (Delhi), Bareilly Cantt (United Province), Bhiwandi Army training Camp (Maharashtra), Singapore, Ipoh, Penang, Kualalampur (Malaya) and Arakan, Rangoon(now Yangoon-Burma-Maynmar).
Political life.
In 1948 Abbas Ali joined the Socialist Party led by Narendra Deva, Jayaprakash Narayan and Ram Manohar Lohia and remained associated with all the Socialist streams namely the Socialist Party, Praja Socialist Party, Samyukta Socialist Party and Socialist Party till its merger with the Janata Party in 1977. He was General Secretary of the Uttar Pradesh unit of Samyukta Socialist Party (SSP) in 1966-67, and of the Socialist Party in 1973-74, respectively and was member of the National Executive of the Socialist Party and of its Parliamentary board, 1974-77.
In 1967 he played a key role in the formation of the first Non-Congress Samyukta Vidhayak Dal (SVD) government in Uttar Pradesh led by Charan Singh, who became Prime Minister of India in 1979. During the Socialist movement (1948–74) he was arrested more than fifty times in various civil disobedience movements.
During the emergency (1975–77) he was imprisoned for 19 months under the Defense of India rule (DIR) and the Maintenance of Internal Security Act (MISA) and when emergency was lifted in 1977 and Janata Party came into power he became first President of the Uttar Pradesh unit of Janata party. In 1978 he was elected to the UP Legislative Council for six years. He had been a member of UP Sunni Central Waqf Board for six years. He wrote his autobiography "Na Rahoon Kisi ka Dastenigar-Mera Safarnama" in 2008, which was released on 3 January 2009, on his ninetieth birthday in New Delhi by Shri Surendra Mohan, Mulayam Singh Yadav, Ram Vilas Paswan, Ramjilal Suman, Saghir Ahmad and many other friends and colleagues. He is in good health and lives with his son in New Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="36689984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689984" title="List of state leaders in 302 BC">
List of state leaders in 302 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="36689996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36689996" title="Teddybears (TV series)">
Teddybears (TV series)

Teddybears was a children's television programme from the books. broadcast on ITV in the United Kingdom from 1997 to 1999. The show was about the life of five bears who look similar to the Teletubbies and their dog Fred. The show was filmed by Meridian Broadcasting.
Characters.
Puppeteers Cheril Blaize, Louise Conran, Tim Hulse, Lee McDonnell, Carl Matthewman, Jihn Toblas, Rebbeca Clow, Lee Crowley, all worked on the series.
Other information.
The series was made for Meridian Broadcasting by production companies Workhouse and North Pole Productions at The Fountain Studios in New Malden and directed by David Crozier. The theme music was composed by Dave Hutton who was also the Senior Cameraman on the first four series of the show. The theme tune was recorded at Gordon Thrussell's studios at Ashford in Kent and the credits show music by 'Hutt and Thrust'. This was because the director, David Crozier, did not want the same name for two different credits on the programme (i.e.: senior cameraman and music). The other cameramen were Roger Backhouse and Angus Macmillan and sometimes Steve Leach. The vision mixer was Julie Miller. From the 2nd run the set changed and the teddys also changed with costumes that looked a little bit different. In the last run the opening titles also changed to 3D.
Jill Golick wrote several episodes.
.The circus ( DVD
.The garden fair ( DVD)
.The surprise party (DVD)
.The giant tomato (DVD)

</doc>
<doc id="36690000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690000" title="Mohammed Saeme">
Mohammed Saeme

Mohammed Saeme (born 9 December 1956) is an expert on maritime health and founder of the International Maritime Health Association. He has founded various maritime health and wellness companies and is a medical adviser for major cruise lines.
Early life and career.
Saeme was born in Fez, Morocco. He is married and is the father of two children. He studied in Morocco and was licensed as a medical doctor in 1981 and received his doctorate in 1983. He then resided in Oslo, Norway from 1983 to 1999, and became a Norwegian citizen in 1991. Saeme currently resides in Monte Carlo, Monaco, since 1999. 
From 1983 to 1999, he practiced medicine in Norway, serving as a seaman's doctor. He was also a private general practitioner in Oslo as well as a part-time emergency physician. In 1986, he started his involvement in the maritime industry when he became the ship doctor for the cruise ship Sea Goddess.
International Maritime Health.
As an international expert in maritime health, Saeme has worked around the world, controlling health, hygiene and sanitation on-board commercial and passenger ships and oil platforms. He is also involved in the various organizations of the United Nations, serving as adviser and member to groups such as the World Health Organization, International Labor Organization and the International Maritime Organization. He has also participated in the preparation of new regulations on ship hygiene, sanitation, pharmacy, and minimum standards for cruise ship medical facilities, as well as the updating of the standards for pre-employment medical examinations for seafarers. In 1997, Saeme founded the International Maritime Health Organization, the only international association concerned exclusively on maritime health, and became its first president from 1997 to 2001. He has also served as consultant and adviser to various cruise lines such as Seabourn, Silversea Cruises, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, Island Cruises, SeaDream Yacht Club, Windstar Cruises, Orion Expedition Cruises, and SeaLaunch.
Businesses.
Over the years, Saeme has developed many successful businesses. In 1996, he established the Maritime Clinic for International Seafarers, Inc. in the Philippines, catering to pre-employment medical exam of seafarers. He also founded Universal Maritime Services, Inc. in 1998 at Nassau, Bahamas as a management company that provides consultation on medical facilities and staffing for cruise lines and shipping companies.

</doc>
<doc id="36690003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690003" title="Hatt's thicket rat">
Hatt's thicket rat

Hatt's Thicket Rat ("Thamnomys major"), is a species of thicket rat indigenous to the northern slopes of Mount Karisimbi, an inactive volcano in North Kivu (Nord-Kivu) province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). Since the species is identifiable only via the holotype, its exact distribution is indeterminable. Contemporary analysis suggests a 'significant' difference in the size of the holotype and "T. kempi", where the former also exhibits molar features atypical of the later. Yet other specimens collected from the slopes of Mount Karisimbi, rats that Hatt had considered as examples of "T. major", were subsequently described as consistent with "T. kempi".

</doc>
<doc id="36690022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690022" title="List of state leaders in 301 BC">
List of state leaders in 301 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.

</doc>
<doc id="36690025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690025" title="Frode Sørensen">
Frode Sørensen

Frode Sørensen may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36690027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690027" title="Aebh Kelly">
Aebh Kelly

Aebh Kelly (born c. 1997) is an Irish soprano from Skerries in north County Dublin, Ireland. In 2011, she was praised by the celebrity entertainment manager Louis Walsh when she appeared at the 2011 Coca-cola School Stars Finals. She has appeared on RTÉ Television. In July 2012, Kelly was invited to Áras an Uachtaráin to perform for President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins at a garden party.Earlier in 2012 Aebh won first prize in the girls under 16 Feis Ceoil competition for Classical Voice. In 2013 she won the silver medal in the ESB Feis Ceoil under 19 Junior Vocal recital. Aebh is currently studying under Collete McGahon-Tosh at the Dublin Institute of Technology Conservatory of Music in Dublin She has a dog 

</doc>
<doc id="36690088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690088" title="Hekiru Hikawa">
Hekiru Hikawa


</doc>
<doc id="36690124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690124" title="Varanus amnhophilis">
Varanus amnhophilis

Varanus amnhophilis, the Samos Dragon, is an extinct species of monitor lizard from the Miocene of Greece. It was named in 2012 and placed in its own subgenus, Varaneades. It is only known from a partial skull and several vertebrae, but comparisons with other species of monitor lizard put its size between in length. The fossil was found in the Turolian-age Mytilini Formation on the island of Samos and is currently housed in the American Museum of Natural History.
Discovery and naming.
"Varanus amnhophilis" is known from several bone fragments, including the right side of the braincase, a right quadrate bone, part of the palate and skull roof, the right coronoid process and glenoid region of the lower jaw, a piece of the clavicle, and five vertebrae. These bones were found by American paleontologist Barnum Brown, who stored it in the mammal collections of the American Museum of Natural History. The specimen was not identified as a reptile until 2009. It was then that mammal paleontologist Nikos Solounias, who has worked extensively on Samos Island fossils, brought the fossil to the attention of Carl Mehling. Mehling removed the specimen from the fossil mammal collection and cataloged it as AMNH FR (fossil reptile) 30630. The specimen was described in 2012 as a new species of "Varanus", and was placed in a new subgenus called "Varaneades". The species name "amnhophilis" means "lover of lamb", from the Greek αμνόζ ("amnhos", "lamb") and φιλiζ ("philis", "a lover of"), as a reference to the diet of the largest living monitor lizards, which often includes sheep-sized (and larger) mammals. The subgenus name "Varaneades" comes from the genus name "Varanus" and the Neades, mythical beasts from Samos.
Description.
Size.
When the species was first described, the body length of "Varanus amnhophilis" was estimated by comparing the length of the braincase and an individual vertebra with their lengths in living species of monitor lizards. The ratios of braincase length to postcranial length and dorsal (back) vertebra length to postcranial length are very similar for many monitor species, and were used to estimate the postcranial length of "V. amnhophilis". The first ratio gave an estimated postcranial length of about and the second gave a length of about .

</doc>
<doc id="36690143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690143" title="Swan Lake (Maine)">
Swan Lake (Maine)

Swan Lake is the second largest lake in Waldo County, Maine. Originally known as Goose Pond, during the 19th century it came increasingly to be referred to as Swan Lake, after the town of Swanville, Maine, which before incorporation had been known as the Plantation of Swan.
The lake is drained by Goose River, through a small dam that is owned and operated by Goose River Hydro, Inc., which also owns the water rights. In 1979 an agreement was brokered between the towns of Swanville, Frankfort, Searsport and Goose River Hydro, Inc. The agreement covers water levels as well as Goose River Hydro's responsibility for the dam and land around it.
Most of the area of the lake is in the town of Swanville, with the remainder in Searsport and Frankfort. Approximately 350 houses line the shore of the lake. Swan Lake State Park is on the north shore.

</doc>
<doc id="36690186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690186" title="80 (Tolis Voskopoulos album)">
80 (Tolis Voskopoulos album)

80 (Greek: "Ογδόντα"; ) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Tolis Voskopoulos. It was released in September, 1980 by Minos EMI in Greece and it went gold selling over 50,000 units. The original release was in stereo on vinyl and cassette.

</doc>
<doc id="36690187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690187" title="Mesker Brothers">
Mesker Brothers

The Mesker Brothers Iron Works and George L. Mesker & Co. were competing manufacturers and designers of ornamental sheet-metal facades and cast iron storefront components from the 1880s through the mid-twentieth century. The Mesker Brothers Iron Works was based in St. Louis, Missouri, and was operated by brothers Bernard and Frank Mesker. The George L. Mesker Company was operated by a third brother, George L. Mesker, and was based in Evansville, Indiana. The Mesker brothers were the sons of John Mesker who operated a stove business in Evansville and later galvanized iron for buildings. The three brothers learned their iron-working skills from their father. 
The companies' products are often referred to as "Meskers." The companies also produced tin ceilings, iron railings, stairs, roof cresting, ventilation grates, iron awnings, skylights, and freight elevators.
The Meskers marketed their products through catalogs displaying their designs. The catalogs were so successful they expanded print runs from 50,000 to 500,000 one year later. According to a 1915 catalog, there were Mesker storefronts in every state, including 4,130 in Indiana, 2,915 in Illinois, 2,646 in Kentucky, and even 17 in the territory of Alaska.
A number of their works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works by the Meskers include:
Their work features identically in the History of South Dakota, the History of North Dakota, the History of Montana, and the History of Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="36690188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690188" title="Christopher Robert Ingham Brooke">
Christopher Robert Ingham Brooke

Christoper Robert Ingham Brooke (1869 – 1948) was Conservative MP for Pontefract from 1924 to 1929.
He was also a Brigadier-General who fought in the Second Boer War and the First World War, and received the DSO.

</doc>
<doc id="36690193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690193" title="Death of Sigrid Schjetne">
Death of Sigrid Schjetne

Sigrid Giskegjerde Schjetne (6 July 1996 - c. August 2012) was a Norwegian teenager who vanished from the streets of suburban Oslo while walking home during the late hours of Saturday August 4, 2012. Her disappearance caused a media sensation as well as causing shock and disbelief in Norway at the time.
Schjetne was last seen saying goodnight to a friend around midnight on August 4. The last sign of life was while walking home, by a message sent from her phone at 00:15 to her friend. The police are however unsure whether the message was sent by the 16-year-old herself, or a possible perpetrator. On September 4, 2012, her body was discovered in the woods from the site of her disappearance. A 37-year-old male, later identified as Chris Kenneth Giske and a 64-year-old male were arrested on charges of murder and accessory to murder. The 64-year old, who had been cooperating with the police, was released from custody in early November. At the release of the 64-year old, the Attorney Investigator Cecilie Gulnes stated: "The evidence in the case has not been strengthened against the 64-year old. We have not received any test results linking the 64-year old to Sigrid or to the homicide."
Disappearance.
On Saturday August 4, 2012, Schjetne had attended Norway Cup soccer tournament together with a group of friends, they were there to cheer for their friends who played in the finals for Skeid Fotball. At around 19:45, she was spotted by CCTV on a bus at Tveita heading home to eat dinner with her family before she left her childhood home to visit a friend in the evening. The 16-year-old girl started walking home from her friend just before 00:00, which was her strict curfew. The walk should have taken her half an hour, and the family notified police when as the night progressed she did not come home.
Around an hour later, two boys walking through a local kindergarten found her shoe, socks and her ringing iPhone which Schjetne's friends and family was desperately trying to call. The boys were asked to deliver the items to Schjetne's parents who lived nearby, which they did. The same kindergarten had been searched by her parents earlier, around 00:30. According to them, none of the items were present at that time, which would later lead to speculation that they may have been planted there in the meantime.
Several neighbors to the site described having heard loud, frantic female-screams coming from the area around the same time during the night. One neighbor reported to have observed a car driving at high speed towards the kindergarten immediately prior to hearing the screams. Other witnesses described seeing the mysterious car parked with headlights turned on outside the kindergarten Saturday night. Despite repeated public calls by authorities, no driver came forward.
Search and investigation.
Initial search.
Searches for Schjetne began immediately after her disappearance. Hundreds of volunteers from all over the Oslo area congregated in a massive search operation. The family experienced early requests from people who wanted to show support by massing a larger bounty; one individual offered NOK 500,000 (84,000 US dollars). After conferring with police the family declined the offers. However they later accepted and at the end the reward stood at over 950,000 NOK (US $160,000). Volunteers along with police units canvassed the neighborhood and local parks, while search-and-rescue divers from the fire department searched the nearby lake Østensjø.
As the public response increased, the search was expanded to include the forested woodlands adjacent to Oslo, namely Østmarka and Nordmarka. Unprecedented numbers of volunteers and search-and-rescue personnel descended upon the area, aided by police helicopters with heat-seeking technology and search dogs. The Norwegian Red Cross came in with 40 canine units who searched 24-hours a day and covered more than 1300 square kilometers using GPS mapping, and even well-known self-proclaimed psychics tried to locate the missing girl. Besides a white sock which was later determined not to match, and despite the most extensive missing-person search operation in recent Norwegian history, no trace of Schjetne was found.
During the first few days after the disappearance, the Oslo police received almost two thousand tips from the public. They sifted through over 13 hours of surveillance tapes, without significant results. On Monday August 6, Norwegian police issued an international alert for Schjetne and the case was transferred to the Section for violent and sexual crimes. Expert analysts from the National Investigation Service and the Police Security Service were engaged to assist with expertise in analysing Schjetne's Internet and social media history.
The police's main theory at that time, was that Schjetne was abducted into a moving car against her will, and that the perpetrator may have used her cell phone before leaving it at the scene in order to mislead authorities. On August 11, Schjetne's family delivered on emotional appeal to the perpetrator through the media calling for her release. Around the same time it was announced that high-profile lawyer Harald Stabell would be formally appointed to assist the family as legal aid.
On August 16, twelve days after Schjetne's disappearance, the partly decomposed remains of a woman were discovered in a private garden area in Ski, about 30 minutes outside Oslo. After speculation in the press that is was the missing 16-year-old, the police announced that it was the body of another person unrelated to the case.
On August 22, Oslo police announced that they were specifically looking for the driver of a burgundy colored vehicle that was observed in the area. Police also said they were checking named car-owners, as dozens of plain clothed police detectives went door-to-door and photographing cars as well as interviewing people in the neighborhood. More than 100 addresses were visited in hopes of getting new information.
Almost four weeks into the investigation, police charged a convicted rapist from Schjetne's community with making false statements to the investigators. The man's lawyer, Kim Gerdts, claimed the police had used illegal coercion, and warned of consequences. Police confirmed that although he is suspected of lying to the police regarding alleged witness observations, he is not a suspect in the murder case.
Possible serial-offenders.
Police stated that they were investigating a possible connection between Schjetne's disappearance and a yet-unknown serial sex-offender who has been linked through DNA evidence to three cases of sexual assault, rape and indecent exposure to minors. All of these incidents happened in the close vicinity to where Schjetne vanished. Police conducted voluntary DNA testing of people who live in proximity to the crime scenes, without getting a connection to the serial offender.
The area where Schjetne's body was found, Sofiemyr in Oppegård, is close to where, in two unresolved cases, other young women were found murdered after being kidnapped from Oslo during the 1980s. This led to speculations that a serial-killer had begun killing again after a 25-year hiatus.
Discovery and arrests.
On Tuesday, September 4, 2012, police announced that Schjetne's body had been found in Sofiemyr (Kolbotn), about 20 minutes from the place where she had disappeared. The body was in a state of decomposition, wrapped up in several layers of plastic and clothing, partly concealed in a wooded, hilly terrain and adjacent to an industrial area with many derelict buildings. The autopsy and subsequent forensic report revealed that she had suffered massive head trauma, but ruled out sexual assault or molestation.
At the same time, media reported that two men had been arrested during a raid at a nearby warehouse in connection with the case. The arrests were made by heavily armed police from the Delta Unit in an operation set up after receiving a tip-off from the public. The two men, Chris Kenneth Giske aged 37 and his unidentified colleague, aged 64, were charged with murder and being an accessory to murder. The 64-year-old had no prior criminal record, but Giske had multiple previous convictions for violent crimes, among them, an unprovoked assault on a young woman with a crowbar in 2007. The young woman, who barely survived the attack, suffered a fractured skull, crush fracture of the head and a seven centimetres long cut to the face. Court-appointed psychiatrists observing the man at the time stated that he had antisocial personality disorder, emotional, unstable personality disorder and panic disorder. The lawyer for the victim characterized the case as, "One of the worst cases I've seen that has not ended in murder". The 23-page psychiatric report from the trial revealed that the man had suffered from audible hallucinations for over a decade. According to the report; "the voices in his head had commanded him to go out and kill or physically assault random people." 
Both men initially denied having anything to do with Schjetne's disappearance and murder.
In October 2012, the final autopsy report was submitted to police by the forensic pathologist, it concluded that the precise cause of death could not be determined, nor the exact time of death. It could however, establish several other facts, e.g. that Schjetne had suffered massive blunt force trauma to the head, chest and abdominal region, and that many of Schjetne's injuries were inflicted post-mortem.
On October 30, the 64-year old suspect was released from custody. The police stated that although they were no longer keeping him remanded, they were not dropping the charges against him. At the same time a court ordered Chris Giske old to be kept remanded in isolation for an additional four weeks. About a month later, court-appointed psychiatrists who was to evaluate the Giskes olds mental status, requested that he be transferred to Dikemark Hospital and be put under 24-hour observation.
On 9 July 2013, the prosecution formally charged the now 38-year-old suspect with second-degree murder () and kidnapping. The police declined to charge the other suspect with any crime. Because the court psychiatrists could not definitely determine the 38-year-old's mental status, the prosecution sought compulsory psychiatric care for the defendant, instead of normal prison time.
Trial.
The trial opened at Oslo District Court on 16 September 2013, with the Judge Ingemar Nestor Nielsen presiding. The defendant, who was facing Schjetne's parents who were sitting on the opposite aisle, was represented by defense attorneys John Christian Elden and Ida Andenæs. He denied the charge of murder and claimed that he was criminally sane and competent, something that the prosecution disagrees with. The defendant was not formally required to enter a plea, since the lead prosecutor, Nina Margoth Prebe decided not to seek normal prison, but rather compulsory psychiatric care.
When cross-examined by the assistant prosecutor Jens Olav Sæther, the defendant claimed to possess a mysterious mirror which allegedly contained magical powers. He went on to claim that he had been stalked and harassed by groups of local children in Ålesund, who was under the influence of an imprisoned felon in Oslo, as well as receiving violent threats from members of a child pornography ring. When asked about his psychiatric evaluation, he claimed that the expert neuropsychiatrist who examined him, and concluded that he was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia was in fact working as a belly dancer
Verdict.
The defendant, Christ Kenneth Giske was on 25 October 2013 sentenced to compulsory psychiatric care for the murder of Sigrid Schjetne. The court ruled in favour of the prosecution on all counts. Giske appealed the sentence, and Schjetne's parents appealed the amount of financial compensation they had been awarded by the court.
Aftermath.
In the aftermath of the disappearance there was an outpouring of sympathy, particularly in the local community, and thousands of people contacted authorities with a desire to help. Among the people who showed their support was a friend of the Schjetne family who acted as volunteer-coordinator and spokesman, crime author Gunnar Staalesen, players from the local football club Vålerenga, who participated in the search, as well as Minister of Education Kristin Halvorsen who mobilized her department to support the family.
Five weeks after Schjetne's disappearance, and nearly a week after she was found dead, thousands of residents of Østensjø filled the one-kilometer route Schjetne walked when she was taken with candles and torches in a bid to reclaim the neighborhood. The "Demonstration of light" was intended to restore the feeling of safety to the streets of the neighborhood.
The case had a strong impact on the neighborhood, the city as well as the entire nation, as teenagers reported that they no longer felt safe in their communities. Polls showed that over half the country's parents were more afraid for their children than before. In addition, an increased number of women said they felt unsafe being outside after dark.

</doc>
<doc id="36690229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690229" title="Transfer locomotive">
Transfer locomotive

A transfer locomotive was a type of railroad locomotive specifically designed to perform "transfer" work in which freight cars are transported between two freight yards in a large terminal area. 
Design.
As transfer work required high pulling power but not much speed, the general design of a transfer locomotive consisted of two engines with high-horsepower on an elongated locomotive frame, gearing designed for low speeds, and several driving axles, but were generally built without dynamic braking or multiple unit capability. In addition to the "center cab" design, transfer locomotives were also built in the form of road switchers and drawbar-coupled cow and calf switcher sets.
Center cab.
The "center cab" configuration is probably the best remembered transfer locomotive design, as the majority of these locomotives were built for transfer work. The first of the "center cab" locomotives was simply designated the T, and was a one-of-a-kind locomotive, built as a collaboration by the Electro Motive Corporation, St. Louis Car Company and General Electric for the Illinois Central Railroad in 1936.
Production.
Baldwin Locomotive Works and Lima-Hamilton (which would later merge to become Baldwin-Lima-Hamilton) produced the majority of these units, with the former producing 70 Baldwin DT-6-6-2000/Baldwin RT-624 locomotives, and the latter producing 22 Lima LT-2500 locomotives between 1946 and 1954. 
Preservation.
Only one surviving example of these locomotives is known to exist. Minneapolis, Northfield and Southern Railroad DT-6-6-2000 #21 is preserved at the Illinois Railway Museum in Union, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="36690254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690254" title="Onder de Boompjes">
Onder de Boompjes

__NOTOC__
Onder de Boompjes was a restaurant located in Hattem Castle in Roermond, in the Netherlands. It was a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 1999-2004.
Owner and head chef of "Onder de Boompjes" was René Brienen.
The restaurant was originally located on Irenestraat 1 in Overloon but moved in April 2002 to Hattem Castle in Roermond.
The restaurant closed down in 2004, due to bankruptcy.

</doc>
<doc id="36690260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690260" title="Pamela Warhurst">
Pamela Warhurst

Pamela Janice Warhurst (born 1950) is a British community leader, activist and environment worker best known for founding the voluntary gardening initiative, Incredible Edible, in Todmorden, West Yorkshire. In 2009, Prince Charles visited the project in support.
Warhurst is currently Chair of Incredible Edible and was formerly Chair of Forestry Commission Great Britain, which is the largest land management commission in the country. She is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts & Manufacturing and Chair of their Yorkshire region, and is an Honorary Fellow of Landscape Institute.
She previously served as a member of the Board of Natural England, where she was the lead non-executive board member working on the Countryside & Rights of Way Bill in 2000.
She has been both Deputy Chair and Acting Chair of the Countryside Agency, a Labour council leader on the Calderdale Council, and a board member of Yorkshire Forward. She has also chaired the National Countryside Access Forum and the Calderdale NHS Trust.
In 2005, she was appointed the Chair of Pennine Prospects, a regeneration company focusing on the South Pennine region of the United Kingdom. In the New Year Honours 2005 Warhurst was appointed as a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE), for services to the environment. 
Warhurst lives in Todmorden, West Yorkshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36690267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690267" title="Steven Edwards (footballer)">
Steven Edwards (footballer)

Steven Edwards (born 15 January 1991, Breda) is a footballer who plays as a centre Back for Achilles '29 in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for NAC Breda.

</doc>
<doc id="36690285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690285" title="Elson Hooi">
Elson Hooi

Elson Hooi (born 1 October 1991) is a Dutch Antilles footballer who plays as a right winger for NAC Breda in the Eredivisie.

</doc>
<doc id="36690303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690303" title="Victim's Song">
Victim's Song

Victim's Song is a 2008 American drama-thriller film starring Tom Tansey, Norman J. Pfizenmayer III and Nicholas Wilder. The film was written and directed by Jeffrey Stoltzfus.
Synopsis.
Eric Chandler enjoys a life of privilege in a quiet suburban community. All of that changes one terror-filled night when his wife and daughter are brutally murdered. The media sensationalizes the tragedy and paints the former family man as a cruel and calculating killer. Fueled by the media hype are two hapless outcasts, who conceive a plan to extract a confession from Eric by any means necessary.
Awards.
Winner Project Twenty1 Film-A-thon

</doc>
<doc id="36690313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690313" title="Rotary Wind Quintet">
Rotary Wind Quintet

The "Rotary" Wind Quintet is a chamber-music composition by Karlheinz Stockhausen, the last of his three wind quintets (following "Zeitmaße" and "Adieu") and is Nr. 70½ in his catalogue of works. A performance lasts about 8½ minutes.
History.
The "Rotary" Quintet was composed in September 1997 on a commission from Henrik Rolf Hanstein, President of the Rotary Club of Cologne-Römerturm, on the occasion of the club's 25th anniversary. It was first performed by musikFabrik (Helen Bledsoe, flute, Peter Veale, oboe, Nina Janßen, clarinet, Jan Babinec, horn, and Alban Wesley, bassoon) on 25 October 1997 at a meeting of the club held at the Schloss Dyck in Jüchen in the Rhein-Kreis Neuss (Stockhausen 1998).
The premiere was sprung by Mr. Hanstein as a surprise on the 200 or so club members, who had gathered for a banquet and were already seated when it was announced that, before any food or drinks would be served, a work by Stockhausen composed for the occasion would be performed. The captive audience, few of whom would have attended a Stockhausen concert voluntarily, were pleasantly surprised and gave the piece a standing ovation. Stockhausen then gave a brief explanation about the composition which was played a second time, and once more received in the same fashion (Stephens 1998).
Analysis.
Like the "Helicopter String Quartet", The "Rotary" Wind Quintet is a component of the opera "Mittwoch aus Licht" (Hollings 1999). It is an adaptation of the concluding part of the "carousel" section of scene 4, "Michaelion", for choir, four instrumental soloists, and bass singer. In the opera, this subsection is a vocal "spatial sextet" titled "Menschen hört", and is also the conclusion of the "Bassetsu" Trio (for trumpet, basset horn, and trombone), which is a module of three melodic strands in the fabric of the carousel section. These strands consist of the three-layered super-formula of "Licht", and are rotated vertically four times. At each change of the layers, the musicians also rotate their positions in the performance space (Stephens 1998; Stephens 1999).
The work is divided into four phases, connected by sustained chords during which the performers change positions in the hall. Each phase presents a different vertical disposition of the three strands of the "Licht" super-formula. In phase 1, the Michael formula is in the upper voice, the Lucifer formula in the lowest voice, and the Eve formula in between. In phase 2, the Lucifer formula moves to the top, Michael is in the middle, and Eve below. In phase 3, the Eve formula is uppermost, Lucifer in the middle, and Michael below. In phase 4, the three formulas return to their starting positions (Stockhausen 1998). Each phase is a longer and more elaborate version of the formula than its predecessor. The formula closes on a C dominant-seventh chord, and the rotations cause the four phases to cadence on this chord first in root position, then in 4/2 inversion, 6/5 inversion, and finally in root position again (Kohl 2012, 307–308).

</doc>
<doc id="36690377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690377" title="Irving Slosberg">
Irving Slosberg

Irving Slosberg (born August 26, 1947) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 91st District, which stretches from Boynton Beach to Boca Raton in southeastern Palm Beach County, since 2012, previously representing the 89th District from 2000 to 2002 and the 90th District from 2002 to 2006, and again from 2010 to 2012.
History.
Slosberg was born in Chicago, Illinois and attended Roosevelt University there, where he graduated with a degree in business administration in 1970. After graduating, he started the Slosberg Report from Israel, a journalism program. He moved to the state of Florida in 1979.
Florida House of Representatives.
In 2000, Slosberg challenged one-term incumbent State Representative Curt Levine in the Democratic primary in the 89th District, which included parts of Palm Beach County, along with Bobra Bush and Marc Shepard. In the end, Slosberg narrowly edged out Levine, winning 39% of the vote and coming in first over Levine by a mere 38 votes out of over ten thousand cast. However, because no candidate received a majority of the vote, a runoff primary election was held. In another closely fought election, Slosberg defeated Levine, receiving 50.5% of the vote and winning by 82 votes. He was elected in the general election without opposition. Following the 2000 census, legislative districts were redrawn, and Slosberg ran for a second term in the 90th District, which included most of the territory he previously represented, but added some parts of northern Broward County. He was renominated by his party, and in the general election, faced only Libertarian candidate Susan Lipschutz, whom he defeated in a landslide, winning 84% of the vote. Slosberg was re-elected without opposition in 2004.
When incumbent Democratic State Senator Ron Klein opted to run for Congress against Congressman Clay Shaw in 2006, Slosberg ran in the primary to succeed him rather than seeking re-election to his House seat. However, Slosberg was defeated in the primary by Ted Deutch, who would later go on to win the general election in a landslide.
Slosberg's successor in the House, fellow Democrat Kelly Skidmore, declined to seek a third term in 2010, instead opting to run for the Florida Senate against Republican Ellyn Setnor Bogdanoff, so Slosberg ran to succeed his successor. He won the nomination of the Democratic Party easily, defeating Sheldon Klasfeld. In the general election, he defeated Alison Rampersad, the Republican nominee, winning 64% of the vote to once again return to the legislature.
In 2012, the Florida House districts were redrawn once again, and Slosberg opted to run for re-election in the 91st District, which removed the sections of Broward County in exchange for a deeper incursion into Palm Beach County. He was elected without opposition both in the primary and the general election.
While in the legislature, Slosberg sponsored legislation that would "restrict drivers of commercial motor vehicles traveling interstate highways from talking or texting on hand-held phones while driving," and opposed legislation that would expand virtual education programs in Florida public schools, noting, "I don't think this is about embracing technology. I think this is about embracing money. It's not going to benefit our children. It's probably going to benefit for-profit companies and out-of-state schemers." 

</doc>
<doc id="36690379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690379" title="John Herriott">
John Herriott

John Herriott (October 20, 1844-September 24, 1918) was an American politician.
Born in Herriottsville, Pennsylvania, in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, Herriott served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Herriott moved to Iowa where he was in business. Herriott served as Iowa State Treasurer and then Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. He died in Des Moines, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="36690385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690385" title="Project Nirvana">
Project Nirvana

Project: Nirvana is a Big Finish Productions audiobook based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who".
The Companion Chronicles "talking books" are each narrated by one of the Doctor's companions and feature a second, guest-star voice along with music and sound effects.
Plot.
The Black TARDIS materializes above the Carpathian Mountains, in the year 2015. There, a train is racing through the snow, and on board is an acquisition of The Forge.

</doc>
<doc id="36690388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690388" title="Travis Tygart">
Travis Tygart

Travis Tygart is an American lawyer and CEO of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA).
Originally from Jacksonville, Florida, where he attended the Bolles School, Tygart graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a bachelor’s degree in philosophy, and in 2010 received the University’s Distinguished Young Alumni Award. Tygart went on to get his J.D. from Southern Methodist University in 1999, graduating Order of the Coif. 
Prior to joining USADA, Tygart was an athlete and associate in the sports law practice at Holme Roberts & Owen LLP (HRO). While at HRO, Tygart worked with individual athletes and the USOC, USA Basketball, USA Swimming, USA Volleyball, and the Pro Rodeo Cowboys’ Association. Tygart is on the board of advisors of the Taylor Hooton Foundation.
Tygart became Chief Executive Officer of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) in September 2007. He joined USADA in October 2002, and has also served as the Director of Legal Affairs and as Senior Managing Director. He has also prosecuted cases before the American Arbitration Association and the Court of Arbitration for Sport on behalf of USADA.
In June 2012, the USADA accused the seven-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong of doping, a charge that Armstrong ceased trying to defend in August 2012. Armstrong filed a suit in U.S. District Court against Tygart and the USADA but the suit was dismissed by U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks. Tygart was previously involved in the investigation of Floyd Landis. Tygart stated in an interview with French newspaper L'Équipe that he had received three death threats since the beginning of the Armstrong investigation and that security had been tightened around him by the FBI.
After the USADA announced that it would strip Armstrong of all his results obtained after August 1, 1998, Tygart stated in an interview with VeloNation: “He knows all the evidence as well and he knows the truth, and so the smarter move on his part is to attempt to hide behind baseless accusations of process.”

</doc>
<doc id="36690426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690426" title="José Aguilar">
José Aguilar

José Aguilar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36690430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690430" title="St Agnes-by-the-Lake Episcopal Church (Algoma, Wisconsin)">
St Agnes-by-the-Lake Episcopal Church (Algoma, Wisconsin)

St. Agnes-by-the-Lake Episcopal Church, Algoma, Wisconsin, (originally called Grace Church) United States, is an Anglo-Catholic mission congregation of the Episcopal Diocese of Fond du Lac. The congregation first met in 1877, becoming an organized mission in 1897.
History.
The first church service in Ahnapee, the former name of Algoma, was held by the Rt. Rev'd John Henry Hobart Brown, Bishop of Fond du Lac, on Aug. 15, 1877, one person being confirmed, and an infant baptized. The first building, named “Grace Church”, was built in 1878 according to a design by Richard Upjohn (architect of New York City’s famous Trinity Church, Wall Street, and founder of the American Institute of Architects). This was the first edifice to be constructed in the diocese following its organization in 1875.
Grace Church burned to the ground in the spring of 1884. It was not until 1891 that the parishioners, with the encouragement and financial support of the second Bishop of Fond du Lac, the Rt. Rev'd Charles Chapman Grafton, could rebuild their church. The new edifice, reconsecrated as “St. Agnes-by-the-Lake”, was built on the old foundation and is an exact replica of the original Upjohn design. This new structure was also the first church to be built during Bp. Grafton’s episcopate. A separate parish house, comprising a guild hall and vicar's residence, was completed two years later.
The arrival in 1897 of the Rev’d Dr. W.R. Gardner, SSJE, sometime dean (president) of Nashotah House Seminary, marked the beginning of Anglo-Catholic liturgical practice at St. Agnes. It is during his tenure that "High Mass", including use of incense and other sacramental symbolism, became normative Sunday practice. It is also during this time that the present altar and carved wood statuary were installed. The figures on the rood beam (Jesus, St. Mary, and St. John) were carved by artists from Oberamergau, Germany, who were brought over to Wisconsin by Bp. Grafton to do extensive carving for St. Paul's Cathedral, Fond du Lac. During this time, several additional rood groupings were carved, one of which was presented to St. Agnes Church.
After Dr. Gardner’s death in late 1906, the Rev'd H.W. Blackman became the next resident vicar. As a result of Fr. Blackman’s 33-year tenure, the churchmanship introduced by Dr. Gardner continued to flourish, and was further heightened and secured by the introduction of the Anglican Missal (i.e., American-SSJE). Bishop Grafton, Dr. Gardner, and Fr. Blackman, prior to their residencies in Wisconsin, were all affiliated with Boston’s Church of the Advent, the mother church of the Anglo-Catholic movement in America.
Clergy Serving.
This is listing of clergy who have served as missionaries, vicars or deacons.

</doc>
<doc id="36690437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690437" title="Jakub Cytryn">
Jakub Cytryn

Jakub Cytryn (1909 – 1943) was a Jewish painter in the interwar Poland. He specialized in landscape painting and Jewish themes.
Born in Opatów, in the historic province of Lesser Poland, Cytryn showed his art talent already in his teenage years. He studied at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw around 1932. He took part in the LXXXI Annual Art Exhibition of the Jewish association of Fine Arts' Promotion in Warsaw in 1935. A year later, along with his brother, painter Henryk (Chaim) Cytryn (1911–1943), they prepared decorations for the “Little White Beds” ball at the European Hotel in Warsaw. In 1939, he participated in the summer exhibition in Kazimierz Dolny along with art by his brother. The Cytryn brothers were killed during the Holocaust.

</doc>
<doc id="36690443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690443" title="Siege of Pärnu">
Siege of Pärnu

The Siege of Pärnu (Polish: "Parnawa") took place between February 28 and March 2, 1609 during the Polish–Swedish War (1600–1611).
The Polish-Lithuanian hetman Jan Karol Chodkiewicz, while resting his forces in Birże ("Biržai"), learned of Swedish deployments from Pärnu (present day Estonia) moving towards Daugavgrīva (in present day Latvia) and set out to cut these off. However the Swedish units managed to enter Daugavgrīva before Chodkiewicz's arrival and as a result the hetman turned back and moved towards Pärnu, hoping to take the defenders there under command of Daniel von Wochen by surprise. Chodkiewicz's forces arrived on February 28, 1609 but when his troops tried to creep up to the city's walls unnoticed the Swedish garrison fired their cannons which established that a surprise attack was not going to work.
Chodkiewicz then, feigning a withdrawal, hid his forces in nearby woods forbidding his soldiers to even light camp fires, despite the freezing cold of the Estonian winter. After a night's wait he raised his troops and marched them back against the city and this time managed to surprise the defenders. The Polish-Lithuanian miners blew up three of the main gates of the city and Lithuanian troops fought their way to the city's center. When the Polish troops began setting fire to the gate of the town's fortress, to which the remaining Swedish troops had withdrawn, the Swedish garrison threw the keys to the gate out of the window as a signal of surrender.
About half of the Swedish forces, mostly Scottish mercenaries, subsequently switched sides and joined Chodkiewicz's troops. After capturing the city, Chodkiewicz left 200 infantry in Pärnu, and began a march towards Riga (then in Polish hands) which was threatened with a siege by the Swedes. On the way however, he attacked Salacgrīva (Salis) which turned into a semi-naval battle and the next major engagement of the conflict.
Charles IX of Sweden later accused Daniel von Wochen of collaborating with the Poles which he believed, was the reason for the surrender. Wochen was then arrested, sentenced to death and executed.

</doc>
<doc id="36690454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690454" title="Bannered routes of U.S. Route 82">
Bannered routes of U.S. Route 82

Nine bannered routes of U.S. Route 82 currently exist. Four of them lie within the state of Arkansas, with four more in Texas, and one in Georgia. Six more existed in the past but have since been decommissioned.
Arkansas.
Magnolia business route.
U.S. Route 82 Business (US 82B and Hwy. 82B) is a business route of US Route 82 in Columbia County, Arkansas. 
The route's western terminus is at US 82/US 371 in north Magnolia. The route runs south with US 371 in a concurrency along Vine Street. Upon reaching Main Street the concurrency ends; US 371 turns west and US 82B turns east. US 82B passes the Dr. H.A. Longino House before entering the Magnolia Commercial Historic District and circling around the Columbia County Courthouse. All three properties are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP). Continuing east, US 82B has a junction with Jackson Street, which runs north as Highway 355 and south as US 79, which provides access to Highway 19 just south of this junction. Highway 355 provides access to Magnolia Hospital and Southern Arkansas University in north Magnolia. US 82B continues due east through a commercial area, including a strip mall and various restaurants. The route turns southeast after Fairview Street, a direction it follows until meeting US 79/US 82 where it terminates near the city limits. 
El Dorado business route.
U.S. Route 82 Business (US 82B and Hwy. 82B) is a business route of US 82 in Union County, Arkansas. 
Felsenthal National Wildlife Refuge spur.
U.S. Route 82 Spur (US 82S and Hwy. 82S) is a spur route of US 82 in Ashley County, Arkansas. 
The route is essentially a driveway for a Felsenthal National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) facility.
Montrose business route.
U.S. Route 82 Business (US 82B and Hwy. 82B) is a business route of US 82 in Ashley County, Arkansas. 

</doc>
<doc id="36690459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690459" title="Zumba Fitness Dance Party">
Zumba Fitness Dance Party

Zumba Fitness Dance Party is a series of compilation albums of various zumba style songs including Latin international successes. 
Two volumes have been released in 2012 with each comprising two CDs. In 2013, a third album was released comprising 2 CDs. 
2012: "Zumba Fitness Dance Party" (Vol. 1).
"Zumba Fitness Dance Party" or full title "Zumba Fitness Dance Party: 2012 Summer Latin Dance Hits" is a 2-CD.
In its first week of release, it entered the SNEP French Top 200 Albums Chart at #3 and made it to #1 in week 2. It also made it to #5 on the Swiss Albums Chart.
2012: "Zumba Fitness - Dance Party Vol. 2".
After great success of the initial release, a second volume of 2 more CDs was released, with full title as "Zumba Fitness Dance Party" 2012 Top Latin Dance Hits". However it met much lesser success reaching just #20 in the French Albums Chart.
2012: "Zumba Fitness - Dance Party 2".
This was a special release that was slightly different in its tracks from "Zumba Fitness - Dance Party Vol. 2". 
2013: "Zumba Fitness - Dance Party Summer 2013".
As a follow- up of the 2012 two volume release, a third volume of 2 more CDs was issued in the summer of 2013 containing 39 titles.It reached #11 in the French Albums Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="36690481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690481" title="Sasami-san@Ganbaranai">
Sasami-san@Ganbaranai

Plot.
Sasami Tsukuyomi is a high school shut-in who often stays at home and is doted upon by her older brother, Kamiomi. However, due to unknowingly possessing a god's power, Kamiomi's habit of trying to appease Sasami often puts the world into chaos, while the three Yagami sisters try to put a stop to it.
Media.
Light novels.
"Sasami-san@Ganbaranai" began as a light novel series written by Akira, with illustrations drawn by Hidari. Shogakukan began publishing the series under their Gagaga Bunko imprint with the first volume on December 18, 2009. As of June 18, 2013, 11 novels have been released.
Manga.
A manga adaptation illustrated by Akira Nishikawa was serialized in Shogakukan's "Weekly Shōnen Sunday" magazine between October 17, 2012 and May 15, 2013. It was subsequently transferred to "Shōnen Sunday Super" and concluded on September 24, 2013. Four "tankōbon" volumes were released between December 18, 2012 and December 18, 2013.
Anime.
A 12-episode anime TV series adaptation, produced by Shaft and directed by Akiyuki Shinbo, aired in Japan between January 11 and March 29, 2013 on TBS and BS-TBS. The opening theme is "Alteration" by Zaq and the ending theme is by Kana Asumi. Sentai Filmworks licensed the series for North American digital and home video release and began streaming the series on Anime Network in January 2013.
Internet radio show.
An Internet radio show to promote the anime titled began broadcasting on January 15, 2013 and is hosted by Kana Asumi. The show is streamed online every other Tuesday, and is produced by the Japanese Internet radio station Lantis Web Radio.

</doc>
<doc id="36690524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690524" title="Rachel Moran">
Rachel Moran

Rachel F. Moran (born circa 1956, Kansas City, Missouri) is the Dean of UCLA School of Law, and Michael J. Connell Distinguished Professor of Law. She was previously a founding faculty member at UC Irvine School of Law (2008-2010) and the Robert D. and Leslie-Kay Raven Professor of Law at UC Berkeley School of Law. 
Moran was born in Kansas City, Missouri, and grew up in Yuma, Arizona. Her father, Thomas Moran, was an Irish criminal defense attorney, and her mother, Josephine Moran, was a Mexican teacher and court interpreter.
She attended Stanford University, earning a Bachelor's in psychology in 1978. She then earned a J.D. from Yale Law School in 1981, and clerked for Chief Judge Wilfred Feinberg of the Second Circuit. Following a brief stint in private practice at Heller Ehrman White & McAuliffe, Moran joined the faculty at UC Berkeley School of Law (then "Boalt Hall") as its first Latina law professor, and taught there for 25 years. After joining the UC Irvine as a founding faculty member, Moran was selected to become UCLA School of Law's eighth dean, and the first Latina dean of a top-ranked US law school.
Moran's scholarship has focused on torts, education law (particularly bilingual education), and civil rights, race and the law, and critical race theory.

</doc>
<doc id="36690547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690547" title="Julio Herrera">
Julio Herrera

Julio Herrera may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36690562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690562" title="Henpecked Hoboes">
Henpecked Hoboes

Henpecked Hoboes is a theatrical cartoon short released on 26 October 1946 directed by Tex Avery. It stars George and Junior in their first appearance.
Plot.
George and Junior want a chicken dinner. George's plans for catching a hen are constantly sabotaged by Junior's detrimental assistance. The duo take on more than they can chew as they attempt to get their hands on an alluring hen. George dons a rooster suit to lure away the hen from her guardian rooster, who's sent rocketing to the North Pole! While the rooster walks back to civilization, George and Junior wreak havoc upon each other dressing up as a worm (that is eaten by the hen) and a giant chick who is mothered to near-death in an attempt to get the alluring female onto the dinner table. At the end George after one too many screwups, kicks Junior hard into the air, only for The Hen to deliver a hard kick of her own to him sending him flying. Satisfied she wipes her hands but feels a hand tap her on the shoulder and turns and is shocked to find the Rooster has returned and less than happy about his trek back home and mentions for her to bend over and gets his revenge and delivers several kicks to the hen's backside kicking her all the way back to the barn.

</doc>
<doc id="36690572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690572" title="Lo Prado metro station">
Lo Prado metro station

Lo Prado is an underground metro station on the Line 5 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The entrance to the station is located in front of the town hall of Lo Prado.
The station consists of three cylindrical volumes. The platforms and tracks are in a NATM tunnel, which is perpendicularly intersected by a second volume. At that point, a bridge connects both platforms, which is supported at each end by the shaft structures of two elevators. The upper levels are contained within a cut-and-cover volume, which has a helical internal layout. The walls at platform level are paneled with rectangular slabs in orange tones. The length of the platforms is .

</doc>
<doc id="36690595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690595" title="Melvin L. Morse">
Melvin L. Morse

Melvin L. Morse is an American medical doctor with a special interest in near-death experiences which has led him to appear on many talk shows and television programs.
Morse is the author of several books on the near-death experience, in which he offers conclusions based on interviewing children who came close to dying.
His 1991 book "Closer to the Light" was a bestseller. Oprah Winfrey interviewed Morse about this book in 1992.
Larry King interviewed Morse in 2010.
The PBS show "Upon Reflection" produced a half-hour episode devoted to Morse.
He was the subject of an article in the "Rolling Stone" magazine in 2004 entitled ""In search of the Dead Zone"". He lives in Georgetown, Delaware.
In 2014 he was convicted of "waterboarding" his girlfriend's 11 year old daughter and sentenced to three years in prison. 
Early life and education.
On his website, Morse says that he graduated from Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland in 1975 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Natural Science. Morse earned a medical degree from George Washington University in Washington, D.C. in 1980. He interned in Pediatrics at the University of California at San Francisco, and then completed a residency in Pediatrics at Seattle Children's Hospital. He subsequently completed a two-year fellowship in Hematology/Oncology and a one-year fellowship in Behavioral Pediatrics.
Career.
He worked in California, Idaho and Washington state before moving to Delaware in 2007. His Washington state medical license expired in December 2007. After his arrest on child abuse charges in 2012, his Delaware medical license was suspended. Prior to his arrest, he was working as a pediatrician at an office in Milton, Delaware.
Morse is a former associate professor of pediatrics at the University of Washington in Seattle. He had practiced at Valley Medical Center in Renton, Washington. For a year, Morse worked as a pediatrician in Fort Hall, Idaho for the Indian Health Service.
On Morse's website, he claims to have been on the teaching staff at the University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing in Philadelphia. A spokesman for the Ivy League school denied that.
In 2007, Morse and his wife Pauline created The Spiritual Scientific Research Foundation.
Personal life.
Morse has been married twice, and has five children, including step-children.
Child abuse conviction.
In July 2012, Morse was accused of "waterboarding" his eleven-year-old step-daughter. He was also accused by Delaware State Police of force-feeding the eleven-year-old girl until she threw up, among other child abuses.
Melvin Morse and his wife Pauline were arrested on child abuse charges in August 2012. Melvin Morse also faced charges that he had threatened the life of an elderly neighbor. Both Melvin Morse, and his wife Pauline Morse, were released on bail.
Morse was brought to court on November 7, 2012, and entered not guilty pleas to the several charges he faced.
Morse is not being allowed access to the children, who are in state custody. Pauline Morse is being allowed supervised access.
On December 1, 2012, Morse's lawyer argued that there was no need for an early trial, and that he needed more time to familiarize himself with the documents the prosecution had provided.
Morse's trial started on January 28, 2014 at the Sussex County Superior Court in Delaware. He was found guilty of the one felony and five misdemeanor charges and sentenced to three years in prison, while his wife plead guilty to misdemeanor charges.

</doc>
<doc id="36690612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690612" title="Samuel Finkelstein">
Samuel Finkelstein

Samuel Finkelstein (1895–1942) was a Jewish oil painter in the interwar Poland who died at the Nazi death camp Treblinka during the Holocaust.
Biography.
Finkelstein was born in Sandomierz, Poland. He first graduated from a trade school, but became dissatisfied with the trades and started painting. His friends and family suggested he take art classes, and in 1913–1914, he enrolled at the Kraków Academy of Fine Arts where he studied under Wojciech Weiss of the Young Poland movement. After World War I, he settled in Łódź, where he exhibited steadily and became active in the arts of the city.
He became a member of the “Start” Painters Association, and the City of Łódź Artists’ Association. He also traveled regularly to various art colony areas and the artists’ village of Kazimierz Dolny. He became active in the Kraków art scene by joining the "Jednoróg" Artists Guild – a group of graduates of Kraków Academy – and exhibiting with them. He also participated in the activities of the Jewish community and painted scenes of daily life. He was included in the “The World Evoked” exhibition of Jewish culture organized by the Nowy Sącz District Museum.
Although he was affiliated in his own city with the Constructivist Avant Garde and was friendly with such artists as Władysław Strzemiński, Kataryna Kobro and Karol Hiller, his paintings bore the impressionist traditional style in their motifs, colors and his brush-work. When Finkelstein traveled to Kazimierz Dolny, he painted the Jewish life outdoors as he saw it. Chaim Goldberg, an artist born in Kazimierz, recalled the artist as he stood by himself in a field painting.
Samuel Finkelstein died in 1942 during the Holocaust at Treblinka, a Nazi extermination camp.

</doc>
<doc id="36690613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690613" title="Melvin Morse">
Melvin Morse


</doc>
<doc id="36690617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690617" title="Blanchard's cricket frog">
Blanchard's cricket frog

Blanchard's cricket frog ("Acris crepitans blanchardi") is a subspecies of northern cricket frog ("A. crepitans"). It is a small, darkly colored frog. It is seen throughout the Midwestern United States, and although not considered threatened at a federal level, is a threatened or endangered in Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and possibly Pelee Island, Ontario, Canada.
Description.
Blanchard's cricket frogs have warty skin that is usually brown, gray, tan, or olive green, with darker bands of color on the legs. A dark, triangular mark between the eyes is frequently seen. They are small, growing to between in length. They generally inhabit slow-moving or stagnant bodies of water, and are the most aquatic of tree frogs in North America. They hibernate during the cold months, emerging in late March or early April and beginning hibernation in late October. Breeding occurs from mid-May to mid-July, and females lay small clusters or single eggs. Tadpoles emerge in late summer. Breeding males have a metallic clicking call distinctive to the species. The subspecies is named after Frank N. Blanchard, a noted American herpetologist.
Conservation.
Blanchard's cricket frogs can be found through most of the Midwest United States, ranging from Michigan and Wisconsin in the north to southern Texas in the south and from Colorado in the west to West Virginia in the east. Although not listed at the federal level, Blanchard's cricket frogs are considered at risk in some states. It is an endangered species in Wisconsin, and is a threatened species in Michigan, due to a significant population decline since the late 1970s. Habitat loss, chemical contaminants, and competition for resources have been posited as reasons for this decline. Populations can still be found in the southern and western portions of Michigan's Lower Peninsula. "A. crepitans", including "A. c. blanchardi", is also considered endangered in Minnesota. It may also still be on Pelee Island, Ontario, Canada, but has not been reported since 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36690619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690619" title="Liu Ying">
Liu Ying

Liu Ying may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36690634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690634" title="Nasi kerabu">
Nasi kerabu

Nasi kerabu is a Malay rice dish, a type of "nasi ulam", in which blue-coloured rice is eaten with dried fish or fried chicken, crackers, pickles and other salads. The blue color of rice resulting from the petals of "Clitoria ternatea" (butterfly-pea) flowers "(kembang telang)" used in cooking it. The rice can also be cooked with plain white rice or rice cooked using turmeric. It is often eaten with "solok lada" and is also eaten with fried "keropok". 
"Nasi kerabu" is very popular in the east coast states of Malaya such as Kelantan and Terengganu, and now can be found throughout Malaysia as well as in southern Thailand where it is known as "khāoyam" (ข้าวยำ ).
The dish features in the title of Zan Azlee's book and video "Operation Nasi Kerabu: Finding Patani In An Islamic Insurgency".

</doc>
<doc id="36690667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690667" title="Robert Bagley">
Robert Bagley

Robert Bagley is a professor of Chinese art history and archaeology in the Department of Art and Archaeology at Princeton University.
Career.
Bagley specialises in pre-Han art and archaeology with other academic interests, including ornament, archaeometallurgy and ancient metal technology, archaic Chinese jades, comparative study of the first civilizations and the first writing systems, and the archaeology of ancient Chinese music.
Education.
A.B. (1967), A.M. (1973), Ph.D. (1981), Harvard University.
M.S. (1969), University of Chicago.

</doc>
<doc id="36690675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690675" title="The Landt Trio">
The Landt Trio

The Landt Trio was one of the busiest singing groups in early radio. In 1928, the three brothers, Karl (1908-1997), Jack (1911-1959), and Dan (1996-1961) Landt, with their accompanist Howard White, were signed onto the NBC Blue Network as sustaining artists and began a career of more than 20 years. They performed primarily on radio but also performed in vaudeville, including some headline runs at the Palace and Carnegie Hall, and made many personal appearances. They were unusual in the music world in that they did not read music, so they sang and played by ear. They continued to perform on radio and in advertising until the early 1950s, when the rising popularity of television ended their performance career.
Early years and family.
Karl Benson, John "Jack" Matthias, and Daniel "Dan" Beckwith were three of the five children of Matthias Cole Landt, a foreman in the Lackawanna Woolen Mills in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and Hulda Teresa Amena Benson Landt, who had immigrated to the United States from Sweden with her parents at the age of two. There were also two daughters, Edith and Mildred. They were a musical family. Matt sang and played guitar, Hulda was a contralto. The parents sang with and to their children, and the children learned to sing and harmonize together. Karl was said to be able to sing harmony before he could talk and became a boy soloist in the Lutheran Church choir. Matt was enamored of Thomas Edison's new phonographic technology and used wax cylinders to record his children singing. After leaving his job at the woolen mill, he sold Edison phonographs and was known as "the Edison man," until radio displaced phonographs in most homes.
After Karl taught himself to play the ukulele, he and Jack began singing together, as young teens, for friends and family and eventually on local Scranton radio stations, WGBI and WQAM, calling themselves the Landt Brothers. Older brother, Dan, had joined the U.S. Army at the age of 16 and served in the Pancho Villa Expedition under General "Blackjack" Pershing, and then in Germany in World War I. While in Europe, he sang in a quartet with Eddie McManus.
After the war, Dan returned to Scranton looking for work. He found the family in difficult financial circumstances, since his father had been reduced to selling cookware door-to-door, sister Mildred was working for a pittance as a secretary at the A&P, 20 year old Karl was out of work, and Jack was still in school at age 16. Dan joined his younger brothers in their singing act, and introduced them to a friend, Howard White, who owned and ran a bakery. White had learned to play piano from a self-taught black pianist who "only played on the black keys." Known as Howard "Velvet Fingers" White, Howard could play only by ear and was the perfect match for the trio, who sang only by ear. Meanwhile, Eddie McManus, who was a friend of Howard as well as Dan, had become a vaudeville performer and encouraged the group to take their act to New York. Because they had no money, Karl borrowed $300 from his Sunday School teacher, and they set off to try to "make it" in vaudeville.
Early career.
Howard White's friend Kenny Raught, who had worked in Howard's Bake Shop in Scranton, had a talent for words and a great sense of humor. He joined the group in New York and became their writer. He later married their sister Mildred. The trio moved their parents and sister to New York, and soon older sister Edith and her husband followed to be near them. The family remained very close, living either in the same house or within a few blocks of each other throughout most of their career. The family's closeness was reflected in the style of their performance, which was always family-friendly and had a certain wholesomeness that was appealing to much of their audience.
As sustaining artists, the Landt Trio and White appeared on many variety programs on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC), which had been formed in 1926. When the network expanded its programming to earlier morning hours, in November 1928, the trio was tapped for their own first series, "On the 8:15". This program skyrocketed in popularity as a cheerful way to prepare workers for their morning commute. Its format, performing a mix of popular standards and novelty tunes with humorous repartee, became a pattern for many of their later shows.
Later career.
Howard White's demise was personally painful but also a near catastrophe professionally for the Landt Trio. Karl was the only one who had learned to read any music, and all their arrangements had been written in a shorthand they developed for their own use. They tried out several pianists, including Vi Mealy, and other musical accompaniments. Through this transition, they were rapidly losing sponsored programming, and within a year they had no radio work in New York. However, in the mid-30s, the Landt Trio had begun to do advertising work for George Nelson of the Leighton and Nelson Advertising Agency. Nelson offered them work on radio in Schenectady, New York and the opportunity to barnstorm in the area. They saw this offer as a chance to rebuild their act and their reputation. They had begun to work with a young, talented accompanist and arranger, Curley Mahr, so the four of them agreed to move to Schenectady.
In the fall of 1938, the Landt Trio began performing on WGY, and performed under the name The Landt Trio and Mahr. They spent the next two years working in Schenectady where they learned both new material and new arrangements of songs they had performed with Howard White. Two of their shows during this period were "Vest Pocket Varieties" and "Morning Matinee." They also did commercial work for Mohawk Carpets, Pepsi Cola, Sealtest, and Camel cigarettes. They participated briefly in experimental programming being done there in the new medium of television. They never developed a strong fan base in Schenectady, however, and in early 1940 they returned to New York where they supported themselves through their publishing company, Coast to Coast Music, and by singing jingles.
In 1940, President Roosevelt instituted a one-year peacetime draft. Early in 1941, the Coast to Coast Music Corporation published a song by Mack Kay, "Goodbye Dear, I'll Be Back In A Year," ("cause I'm in the Army now"). The song rapidly rose on the charts, its popularity enhanced by a "soundie," a film short featuring the Landt Trio. However, in August 1941, the draft was extended, causing a widespread protest among the twelve-month draftees. Floods of sheet music were returned, and the soundie became a sad reminder of more optimistic days.
In October 1941, the Columbia Broadcasting System hired the Landt Trio for a five day a week program, "Sing Along with the Landt Trio". They received a great deal of fan mail welcoming them back to the air after their hiatus, and their career began to rise again. "Sing Along" was extended from a fifteen-minute to a half-hour program with a studio audience. To fill the extra time, they instituted games such as "Name That Tune," and "Sing For Silver," which served as ideas for later television game shows. They continued to do a mix of standards and novelty songs with light comedic banter. Perhaps the most enduring song they introduced was "Mairzy Doats." On October 28, 1946, they performed a "Sing Along with the Landt Trio" program at Carnegie Hall. When Mitch Miller developed his television program "Sing Along With Mitch" in 1958, he based it on "Sing Along with the Landt Trio."
During the "Sing Along" period, the trio worked with several "girl singers" including Julie Conway who was the wife of NBC staff announcer, Robert Sherry, and Carol Ames. Their announcers included Bill Cullen (who later married Ames) and Sandy Becker. They had several other series that ran for shorter periods during this time. Curley Mahr and, later, Johnny Cole were their accompanists during most of this period.
"Sing Along with the Landt Trio" continued until 1948, when Dan had a heart attack. He was able to come back to work and the trio continued, but it became harder and harder for them to work as television became the preeminent medium. In 1951, Jack had a serious automobile accident that kept him from performing for over six months. That effectively ended the Landt Trio's singing career. When he was able to work again, Jack went on to own and operate a business on Long Island. Dan worked successfully in real estate in Westchester County, New York and became a town assessor. Karl wrote and performed jingles for several years and then developed a new career as a life insurance underwriter.

</doc>
<doc id="36690699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690699" title="Tyler Moore (powerlifter)">
Tyler Moore (powerlifter)

Tyler Moore is an International Powerlifter for Team USA and is a competitor in the Mens Open Division. When Tyler was a teen, he was elected as Team USA's Jr Bench Press Team captain and won his first international title at the NAPF Bench Press Championships in 2011. Tyler is a member of the USAPL and competes in both, the equipped and RAW styles of Powerlifting. He is a two-time North American Bench Press Champion and holds 20 American Records. Moore became eligible for Pro competitions in the Fall of 2013 after winning his second international title. 
Junior career.
Moore began his powerlifting career in July 2009 at the Wisconsin Dells State Championships. Tyler placed 2nd in the meet.
Later that year (2009), Tyler moved to Colorado and competed at the 2009 Colorado State Championships in Aurora, CO. Tyler placed 1st overall in the Mens High School Division and broke 2 American Records. It was at this meet he met World Champions Dan and Jennifer Gaudreau, who would later influence Tyler's training and competition level.
In 2010, Moore competed at the 2010 RAW National Championships in Denver, CO. Tyler placed 1st overall in the Mens High School Division and broke 4 American Records.
In 2010, Moore competed at the 2010 Colorado State Championships in Aurora, CO. Tyler placed 1st overall in the Mens High School Division and broke 5 American Records.
In 2011, Moore competed at the 2011 Rocky Mountain State Games in Colorado Springs, CO. This was his first International Team Qualifying Event. Tyler placed 1st overall in the Mens Sub-Jr Division and broke 3 American Records. He also was selected for the NAPF Bench Press Championships World Team. At this event, Moore became the first person in his division to ever break the 1000 lbs Total Record as well as the 300 lbs Bench Press Record.
In 2011, Moore competed at the 2011 Colorado State Championships in Aurora, CO. Tyler placed 1st overall in both, the Mens High School division and the Mens Open Division.
Collegiate career.
In 2012, Moore competed at the 2012 Rocky Mountain State Games in Colorado Springs, CO. Representing Colorado State University, Tyler placed first overall in the Mens Jr Division and was selected for the 2012 NAPF Bench Press Championships World Team. Tyler fell just short of the Mens Open RAW Bench Press Record.
International career.
Tyler Moore made his international debut in 2011 at the NAPF Bench Press Championships in Miami, FL. Tyler completed a Bench Press of 314.75 lbs and won 1st place for the USA over Pueto Rico which placed 2nd and 3rd respectively.
Moore was invited to compete in the 2012 NAPF Bench Press Championships in Denver, CO and was also given a position of the 2013 World Team for the World Games in Cali, Columbia. However, Tyler was unable to compete at these events as he took a hiatus in his career to follow his dream of serving in the US Air Force and attending college at Colorado State University.
After taking two years off from competition, Moore resurfaced on the World Circuit as he took home a Gold Medal at the 2013 NAPF Bench Press Championships in Miami, FL on 23 Nov, 2013. He competed in the 66kg weight class and lifted RAW. While he did not set any records or break his PR, Moore gave a strong showing and is now active again in powerlifting.
Personal life.
Tyler Moore was born in Austin, TX however, he spent most of his early life in Pagosa Springs, CO. Tyler is now a student at Colorado State University and is a Cadet in Air Force ROTC.
Tyler is also a recipient of the US Congressional Gold Award for honorably serving 1,100 hours of voluntary service to his community. He was given this distinction in 2011 in Washington, D.C. by the U.S. House Congressional Award Committee. He is one of 3 Colorado citizens to receive this award in the year 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36690717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690717" title="Wesley Neymour">
Wesley Neymour

Wesley Neymour (born 1 September 1988 in Nassau) is a Bahamian sprinter. He was selected to be a part of the 2012 Summer Olympics as a reserve bu did not compete.

</doc>
<doc id="36690739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690739" title="Ade Alleyne-Forte">
Ade Alleyne-Forte

Ade Alleyne-Forte ("Ade Franci Alleyne-Forte;" born 11 October 1988) is a Trinidadian sprinter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36690757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690757" title="Sergey Bolshakov">
Sergey Bolshakov

Sergey Bolshakov (born 6 June 1988) is a Russian professional swimmer, specialising in Open water swimming. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36690762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690762" title="Carter Lake Dam">
Carter Lake Dam

Carter Lake Dam (National ID # CO01650) is a dam in Larimer County, Colorado.
The earthen dam was completed in 1950 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, with a height of 214 feet, and a length of 1235 at its crest. It contains offstream storage as part of the Bureau's Colorado-Big Thompson Project for flood control and irrigation. The dam is owned by the Bureau and operated by the regional Northern Colorado Water Conservancy District. 
The reservoir it creates, Carter Lake Reservoir, has a water surface of 1,100 acres, about eight miles of shoreline, more than 900 acres of surrounding public land, and a capacity of 112,230 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing (for rainbow trout, kokanee, brown trout, splake, walleye, yellow perch, bluegill, salmon, largemouth bass, etc.), hunting, boating, camping and hiking. 

</doc>
<doc id="36690773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690773" title="Andreas Waschburger">
Andreas Waschburger

Andreas Waschburger (born 6 January 1987 in Saarbrücken) is a German professional swimmer, specialising in Open water swimming. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36690776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690776" title="Julien Sauvage">
Julien Sauvage

Julien Sauvage (born 2 August 1985) is a French professional swimmer, specialising in Open water swimming. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36690784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690784" title="Erwin Maldonado">
Erwin Maldonado

Erwin Maldonado (born 25 July 1983) is an Olympic distance freestyle swimmer from Venezuela. He has swum for Venezuela at the:

</doc>
<doc id="36690793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690793" title="Ripley">
Ripley

Ripley may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36690805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690805" title="Yasunari Hirai">
Yasunari Hirai

Yasunari Hirai (born 2 April 1990) is a Japanese professional swimmer, specialising in Open water swimming. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36690817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690817" title="Arzúa-Ulloa cheese">
Arzúa-Ulloa cheese

Arzúa-Ulloa cheese is a cow's milk cheese made in the Spanish province of Galicia, with Arzúa-A Ulloa Protected Denomination of Origin status.
It is a soft cheese, made from raw or pasteurized milk, has a minimum maturity period of six days, and has a lenticular shape, or cylindrical with rounded edges. Its rind is thin and pliant, medium to dark yellow, bright, clean and smooth. The cheese itself is uniform in color between white and pale yellow. It is soft and creamy without cracks but has a few small holes or bubbles.
The flavour is slightly sweet and grassy.
It is similar in flavor to its cousin cheese, Tetilla. Unlike Tetilla cheese, Arzúa-Ulloa has a soft pliant rind, and has a disc shape.
There are two other labels that share the Denomination of Origin status. Farm Arzúa-Ulloa ("Arzúa-Ulloa de Granxa") cheese has the particularity that it comes entirely from cows on the same farm, though its characteristics are otherwise similar. Aged Arzúa-Ulloa ("Arzúa-Ulloa curado") cheese has been aged for at least six months, with the result that it is firm in texture throughout.

</doc>
<doc id="36690822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690822" title="Brian Ryckeman">
Brian Ryckeman

Brian Ryckeman (born 13 July 1984) is a Belgian professional swimmer, specialising in Open water swimming. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36690825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690825" title="Arseniy Lavrentyev">
Arseniy Lavrentyev

Arseniy Lavrentyev (born 1 February 1983) is a Russian-born Portuguese professional swimmer, specialising in Open water swimming. He competed at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36690833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690833" title="Ivan Enderica Ochoa">
Ivan Enderica Ochoa

Ivan Enderica Ochoa (born 28 October 1991) is an Ecuadorian professional swimmer, specialising in Open water swimming. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36690844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690844" title="Mazen Metwaly">
Mazen Metwaly

Mazen Metwaly (; born 14 March 1990) is a Saudi Arabian-born Egyptian professional swimmer, specialising in Open water swimming. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36690852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690852" title="Benjamin Schulte">
Benjamin Schulte

Benjamin Schulte (born 22 December 1995) is a Guamanian swimmer. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 kilometre Open Water event where he placed 25th. Schulte also competed at the 2011 World Swimming Championships in Shanghai, China, competing in the Men's 100m and 200m breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36690858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690858" title="2012 Asian Women's Cup Volleyball Championship">
2012 Asian Women's Cup Volleyball Championship

The 2012 Asian Women's Cup Volleyball Championship was held at the Baluan Sholak Palace of Culture and Sports, in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
Pools composition.
The teams are seeded based on their final ranking at the 2011 Asian Women's Volleyball Championship.
Final standing.
Team Roster
Wanna Buakaew, Piyanut Pannoy, Pleumjit Thinkaow, Onuma Sittirak, Wilavan Apinyapong, Amporn Hyapha, Tapaphaipun Chaisri, Nootsara Tomkom, Malika Kanthong, Pornpun Guedpard, Ajcharaporn Kongyot, Sontaya keawbundit
Head Coach: Kiattipong Radchatagriengkai

</doc>
<doc id="36690863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690863" title="Josh Frasier">
Josh Frasier

Josh Frasier is the current bullpen catcher for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball.
Frasier attended Rockwall High School, where he received Texas all-state honors as a catcher in 1995. He later served as a catcher for four years at Northwood University in Cedar Hill, Texas, where he graduated in 1999.
As of 2012, Frasier was in his 14th season with the Rangers organization. Before becoming the Rangers' bullpen catcher in 2005, Frasier served as an intern, and at one point ran all coaching and scouting video for the team.
He lives in Rockwall, Texas with his wife, Lacy.

</doc>
<doc id="36690867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690867" title="Morgan Ford">
Morgan Ford

Morgan Dennis Ford (September 8, 1911 - January 2, 1992) was a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
Biography.
Ford was born on September 8, 1911, in Wheatland, North Dakota. He was the nephew of senator William "Wild Bill" Langer.
Federal Judicial Service.
On June 22, 1949, President Truman nominated Ford to serve as a Judge for the United States Customs Court, to the seat vacated by Judge William Josiah Tilson. He was confirmed by the Senate on July 12, 1949 and received his commission on July 15, 1949. On November 1, 1980, he was transferred by operation of law to the newly created United States Court of International Trade. He took senior status on December 31, 1985 and served in that capacity until his death. He was succeeded by Judge R. Kenton Musgrave.
Death.
Ford suffered a heart attack on Christmas Eve, 1992. Ford died on January 2, 1992 at Scripps Hospital in San Diego, California. Mother Teresa was in the heart ward a few doors down from his room when he passed away.

</doc>
<doc id="36690886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690886" title="The New Machiavelli">
The New Machiavelli

The New Machiavelli is a 1911 novel by H. G. Wells that was serialized in "The English Review" in 1910. Because its plot notoriously derived from Wells's affair with Amber Reeves and satirized Beatrice and Sidney Webb, it was "the literary scandal of its day."
Plot summary.
"The New Machiavelli" purports to be written in the first person by its protagonist, Richard "Dick" Remington, who has a lifelong passion for "statecraft" and who dreams of recasting the social and political form of the English nation. Remington is a brilliant student at Cambridge, writes several books on political themes, marries a wealthy heiress, and enters parliament as a Liberal influenced by the socialism of a couple easily recognizable as the Webbs, only to go over to the Conservatives. Remington undertakes the editing of an influential political weekly and is returned to parliament on a platform advocating the state endowment of mothers, but his career is wrecked by his love affair with a brilliant young Oxford graduate, Isabel Rivers. When rumors of their affair begin to circulate, Remington tries to break off the affair, but then resolves to abandon wife, career, party, and country and live abroad in Italy, where he writes the "apologia pro vita sua" that the novel constitutes.
Themes.
The novel's principal themes are politics and sex, both abiding preoccupations of the author. Biographer David Smith called "The New Machiavelli" "Wells's most autobiographical novel." The development of political and sexual passion in the protagonist is traced in intricate detail. The artificiality of Victorian and Edwardian morality is the novel's chief target: "Thank God! I'll soon be out of it! The shame of it! The very savages in Australia initiate their children better than the English do to-day. Neither of us was ever given a view of what they call morality that didn't make it show as shabby subservience, as the meanest discretion, an abject submission to unreasonable prohibitions! meek surrender of mind and body to the dictation of pedants and old women and fools. We weren't taught—we were mumbled at!"
Criticism.
Some critics have considered "The New Machiavelli" "the beginning of the retreat of Wells the story-teller. . . . It was the first ominous eruption of those magnificent moments of self-assertion which were to disintegrate the novelist in him." But the novel has had many prestigious admirers. Joseph Conrad called it a "master-work," Upton Sinclair considered it Wells's masterpiece, and D.H. Lawrence called it "awfully interesting"; another admirer, Henry James, regarded Wells's use of the first person an artistic mistake.
Reception.
Beatrice Webb called "The New Machiavelli" "very clever in a malicious way," but did not sue, saying that the novel "lays bare the tragedy of H.G.'s life—his aptitude for 'fine thinking' and even 'good feeling' and yet his total incapacity for decent conduct." Some libraries banned the book, and the "Spectator" did not review it. Reviewers were receptive to Wells's political argument, but hostile to its sexual message.

</doc>
<doc id="36690887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690887" title="Unfaithful (2009 film)">
Unfaithful (2009 film)

Unfaithful () is a 2009 experimental film written and directed by Claude Pérès.
Plot.
Claude Pérès invited an actor to make love with him. They do not know each other. They do not know whether they like each other. They do not know what will happen. They meet in a flat. They are alone. For one night. For more privacy, Claude Pérès will record images and sound. There is no contract, no obligation. They remain free to say and to do whatever they want. They can stop anytime.

</doc>
<doc id="36690907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690907" title="Footballer (painting)">
Footballer (painting)

Footballer is a 1946 painting by Australian artist Sidney Nolan. It depicts an Australian rules footballer standing before a crowd of spectators at a football match. For many years the painting was thought to be a generic image of a footballer, however Nolan later revealed that the painting is based on Bill Mohr, a star player for the St Kilda Football Club during the 1930s.
In 2002, the painting was acquired by the National Gallery of Victoria, and has become one of the gallery's most popular works. According to journalist Geoff McClure, "Footballer" "has special significance because, together with Drysdale's "The Cricketers", it represents virtually the entire sports-related work ever done by our masters."
Background.
Born in the inner-Melbourne working class suburb of Carlton on 22 April 1917, Nolan grew up in bayside St Kilda, Melbourne's main leisure precinct. His childhood was spent playing in and around Luna Park, St Kilda Pier and along nearby beaches, jetties and sea baths; memories of this period played an inspirational role in the imagery of Nolan's early paintings, including the "Bathers" series which he started in 1942. Nolan also had many sporting interests growing up, in particular swimming, cycling, cricket and Australian rules football. He regularly went on weekend trips to the outer at the St Kilda Cricket Ground to barrack for his team, the St Kilda Football Club.
In the mid-1940s, when Nolan was painting boyhood recollections of St Kilda and "heroic" figures such as bushranger Ned Kelly, he decided to paint "Footballer", an "emblematic portrait of the sports-warrior". The work was painted in the dining room at Heide, the Templestowe home of art patrons John and Sunday Reed, on 24 August 1946. In his journal, Nolan writes: "Finished my painting of a footballer this morning and called Jim gardener at Heide to have a look at it. He said it looked quite real, almost as if you were there, so it at least passed the critical eye of a specialist." Its completion date falls in the middle of Nolan's iconic first series of 27 Ned Kelly works, all but one painted in the Heide dining room. Together with the Kelly series, "Footballer" has been interpreted as a "veiled self-portrait"—both men, like the artist, stand outside society in a "space no longer governed by everyday rules."
The painting was first exhibited at the Melbourne branch of the Contemporary Art Society in 1946, and later shown in retrospective exhibitions throughout the 1960s and 70s with the title "Fullback, St Kilda", which led to speculation that the footballer is based on Test cricketer and St Kilda fullback Keith "Nugget" Miller, of whom Nolan was a great fan. Nolan later revealed in an interview that St Kilda's Bill Mohr is the subject, saying "I lived in St Kilda and I went to a lot of matches there and they had a fullback called Billy Mohr and in 1946, after coming out of the army and casting back for memories to paint, I decided to paint him."
Composition.
The footballer's red, white, yellow and black colours reference those adopted by the Saints during World War I. His black shorts "share a singularity and intensity akin to Ned Kelly's helmet", while the broad-striped guernsey—bold against the amorphous backdrop of spectators' faces and vertical lines of the goalpost and boundary fence—prefigures the horizontal bars of escaped convict David Bracefell in Nolan's Eliza Fraser series.
National Gallery of Victoria purchase.
The painting, valued in 2002 at approximately $500,000, was on the National Gallery of Victoria's wish list for many years. The gallery acquired the painting in 2002 from a private collector based in England, with costs met jointly by the State Government of Victoria and Foster's Group. It was officially gifted to the gallery by Premier Steve Bracks on Channel Nine's "The Footy Show", becoming the first painting to go on display at the newly built Ian Potter Centre, home of the National Gallery of Victoria's Australian art collection.
In 2011, the National Gallery of Victoria celebrated its 150th anniversary with a range of festivities including life-size renditions of the gallery's most loved works populated along St Kilda Road to the Ian Potter Centre. At Federation Square, high-flying circus performers played kick-to-kick as a tribute to "Footballer", where a shearing display was also held in commemoration of Tom Roberts' 1890 painting "Shearing the Rams".
In popular culture.
"Footballer" is used as the cover image for Volume II of David Williamson's 1986 publication "Collected Plays", which contains his 1977 football play "The Club".

</doc>
<doc id="36690932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690932" title="Bryan Dabo">
Bryan Dabo

Bryan Boulaye Kevin Dabo (born 18 February 1992 in Marseille) is a French-Malian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Montpellier in the Ligue 1. However he is currently on loan at Blackburn Rovers until the end of the season.
Club career.
Montpellier.
He made his debut on 16 May 2010 in a 3-1 win against Paris Saint-Germain coming as a 84th minute substitute for Geoffrey Dernis. He made his first start against Bastia. 
Blackburn Rovers (loan).
On 28 January 2014, Dabo signed for Blackburn Rovers who plays in Championship on loan with an option of a permanent deal. Manager Gary Bowyer said, "He's a positive lad, both on and off the pitch and he brings a different dimension to what we have already got in midfield. He can run forward, he can attack the space very well, he can receive the ball under pressure and we are hoping that he settles in quickly and that he'll be someone that can excite the fans." He was an unused substitute in a 2-0 win against Blackpool. He, then played full 90 minutes for Blackburn Rovers U21 against Tottenham U21.

</doc>
<doc id="36690935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690935" title="13th ALMA Awards">
13th ALMA Awards

The 13th ALMA Awards honors the accomplishments made by Hispanics in film, television, and music in 2011. The awards were taped on September 16, 2012 at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium for broadcast on NBC on September 21, 2012. The show was co-hosted by Eva Longoria and George Lopez, marking their third consecutive year as hosts. The awards ceremony was sponsored by the National Council of La Raza.
The winners were chosen based on online voting, box office figures, Nielsen and Billboard rankings, and approval of the NCLR ALMA Awards production leadership team.
Jennifer Lopez had nominations in all three media formats: Favorite Movie Actress Comedy/Musical; Favorite TV Reality, Variety, or Comedy Personality or Act; and Favorite Female Music Artist. Naya Rivera won both of her nominations: Favorite TV Actress Comedy and Favorite Female Music Artist. The film "Savages" had four overall nominations in the Favorite Acting categories, while the films "The Way" and "Cristiada (For Greater Glory)" had three overall nominations, including Favorite Movie, which was won by triple-nominee "Girl in Progress".
Winners and nominees.
The following is a list of the 65 nominees from film, television, and music. Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold:
Televised ceremony ratings.
The ceremony, which was televised by NBC on September 21, 2012, was watched by 2.41 million viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="36690936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690936" title="Pedro Ferreira-Mendes">
Pedro Ferreira-Mendes

Pedro Ferreira-Mendes (born May 13, 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Indy Eleven in the North American Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="36690939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690939" title="Til the End (song)">
Til the End (song)

"Till The End" is a song by New Zealand recording artist and songwriter Brooke Duff, which is expected to be due off her upcoming solo work. The production of the song was handled by NOX and Vince Harder, both New Zealand known musicians. Musically, the song is a pop-oriented song while the lyrical content talks about Duff leaving her hometown with her lover. The song was released on 13 July 2012 along with its remix and has so-far received positive reviews from music critics. The song peaked at number nine on the New Zealand Singles Chart. The accompanying music video was released on August 20, 2012.
Background and composition.
Before being known as a solo singer, Duff performed live throughout New Zealand as well as feature in the group Illegal Banditz and on the track ‘Bring That Beat Back’ with K.One, who is also a featuring artist to the remix. She was brought to the attention of the record label Illegal Musik, via mutual friends in late 2009 and Head of A&R, Mark Arona, opted for a long-term strategic approach to her career development.
Before starting production of "Til The End", in the last 18 months she has been working with the Illegal Musik team building her music catalogue and industry experience, so she started collaborating with K.One and Illegal Banditz to build her career experience. 
When Duff moved away from Christchurch, due to the after effects of the 2011 Christchurch earthquake, she recorded the song in Auckland in the Illegal Musik Studios. Musically, the song is a dance-pop inspired song. The song was written by Duff, while production was handled by Illegal Musik's production house members NOX and Vince Harder, who is also a musician. Lyrically, the song is about her departure from her hometown of Christchurch after the earthquakes and her journey to make a life for herself & her partner in a new city. According to Illegal Musik, the wanted to "catapult the song into the stratosphere." Her first fan cover was also released as well.
Reception and promotion.
"Til The End" was released digitally via iTunes on July 13, 2012. An additional remix, which features Illegal Musik member K.One was released on iTunes the same day. Additionally, "Til The End" received positive reviews from New Zealand music critics. ZM Radio premiered the song on 11 July 2012, and called the song "HUGE". "Creme Magazine" had said the song featured "Bursting beats". "ClassicHits.co.nz" said the song isn't a "overnight pop sensation". 
Currently, "Til The End" is New Zealand's highest played song on New Zealand radio stations. Her parent record label, Warner Music Group had announced that the first 100 people who deem there voucher code to the NZ magazine "Creme", they will receive a free digital download of it.
Chart performance.
"Til The End" debuted at number nine on the New Zealand NZ Singles Chart on the issue date of 23 July 2012. The song stayed there for two consecutive weeks, becoming Duff's first top ten single, but fell out after its second week. The song re-entered at number twelve on the issue date of 13 August 2012, and fell to fourteen the next week. The song is currently peaking at number two on the NZ Singles Chart.
After the music video had broadcast, sales for the single had increased to peak inside the top fifty on iTunes. It then rose to number five in its sixth week. The song debuted at number twenty-seven on the Official New Zealand Singles Chart. The song was placed at 16th as the Top Selling NZ Singles of 2012, by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand.
Music video.
In an interview with The Edge, they asked about a music video, where she replied; "The video is coming out very soon... but if you want a sneak peek check out my Facebook page for photos of the video shoot." A picture was uploaded on July 20 for the single, where it featured a car on a beach front. A fan asked her on Twitter about the music video. She replied confirming the music video is finished saying; ""Yes! We've already shot it, just waiting to release it! Keep an eye out! :) can't wait to show you all! #excited".
On August 20, 2012 the music video was released. It featured Duff singing, and enjoyed time with her boyfriend on the beach in Kaikoura. It featured her singing and walking on a mountain and featured them with friends. Basically the video shows her and her boyfriend moving away from her parents home, who originated in Christchurch to move away to somewhere else.
Live performances.
On August 24, 2012, Duff performed the song live on NZ TV channel Four. She then performed the single on What Now. Duff is expected to perform the song on the "TitaniumMusik" tour with the New Zealand group Titanium. She then performed the song live on The Edge.

</doc>
<doc id="36690971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690971" title="Tayo the Little Bus">
Tayo the Little Bus

Tayo the Little Bus () is a South Korean computer-generated animated television series created by Educational Broadcasting System, Iconix Entertainment and Seoul. It began airing in Korea on EBS in 2010 and the English-dubbed series on Disney Junior (Asia) in 2012. The latter is also scheduled to air on Disney Channel (Asia) in 2013. In the United States and Canada, Hulu is the exclusive distributor of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="36690993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690993" title="Europa Universalis IV">
Europa Universalis IV

Europa Universalis IV (abbreviated EUIV or EU4) is a grand strategy computer game in the Renaissance Era in "Europa Universalis" series, developed by Paradox Development Studio and published by Paradox Interactive. The game was released on 13 August 2013.
The game's content spans from 11 November 1444 to 2 January 1821.
Europa Universalis IV has sold over 300,000 copies. 
Setting.
The game is mainly set in the historical era of the initial European exploration and colonization of the New World. It opens against the historical backdrop of the tail end of the Hundred Years War and the decline of the Byzantine Empire, continues through to the Revolutionary periods of the United States and France, and concludes after the historical era of the Napoleonic Wars. However, as neither the player nor any AI controlled countries are forced to reproduce history exactly, the resulting game world may differ significantly from reality.
The time span of the game ranges almost four centuries, beginning on 11 November 1444 A.D. (the day after the defeat of the Poles and Hungarians by the Ottoman Turks at the Battle of Varna, and the death of Władysław III of Poland), and ending 2 January 1821 A.D. (the year of Napoleon Bonaparte's death). The game map covers the entire Earth (minus the polar regions), and players are free to explore and expand into most of it except for certain lands such as deserts and tundra that are considered uninhabitable or unexplored historically during the in-game years. A large number of countries are playable in the game, both European and non-European. The principal constraint to playing as a non-European nation is that the game inherently is designed to replicate the dominance of Western Europe in this time period, thus non-European nations will tend to fall behind technologically as the game progresses. The player may also switch to controlling a different country within the same game world. While the game ostensibly starts in 1444, there are several different historical scenarios in which the players can choose to start the game, such as the discovery of the Americas in 1492, the Thirty Years War or the War of Spanish Succession, for example.
Gameplay.
The underlying gameplay of "Europa Universalis IV" is similar to previous installments of the EU series. Players can choose to play single-player mode versus the AI, or multiplayer over a LAN or the Internet against a mix of human and AI opponents.
A central feature of the game is the abstract concept of "Monarch Points" (MP), divided in three categories: Military, Diplomatic and Administrative, and which can be spent to perform various actions. Long-term investment in MPs consists of advancing your nation's technology, or the discovery of "ideas". Thus, someone playing as England, for example, may invest in various Naval technologies and Expansionist ideas to become a powerful maritime colonial superpower, or playing as Genoa the player may choose to invest in Trade and Diplomatic ideas to enhance its wealth as a merchant nation. Although there is no requirement to follow a particular path the game does include tailored idea groups for the major playable nations. These offer the player advantages for following particular paths and serve as a means to align the game world with the historical one.
MPs can also be spent on singular events, such as increasing the country's stability, constructing new buildings in each province, or even recruiting military leaders. Monarch Points, as the name suggests, depend on the skills of your national leader, with 0-6 scale for each MP category. Historical monarchs represented in the game have varying MP pre-sets (successful ones, such as Napoleon have lots of points, while weaker rulers such as Henry VI tend to be less competent), but as you start the game, the succeeding leaders will have entirely randomized stats. MPs can be increased by hiring specialized advisers or by new ideas.
For an effective management of any nation and its development as a regional or even a world power, the player must take in account several features:
While the game is less focused on warfare than other Paradox games such as Hearts of Iron or March of the Eagles, unless the player picks an extremely isolated country, war is a fundamental aspect of the game. The size of armies and navies depend on your land and naval force limit, on available manpower and on the strength of your economy to maintain standing armies and navies. Manpower not only determines the number of regiments you can recruit, but also on their capacity of recovering losses in battle. Mercenaries can be raised, and do not cost manpower but do cost more money ("ducats"). Regiments consist basically of infantry, cavalry and artillery, while navies can be composed of large, trade, light and transport ships. Battles are affected by a multitude of modifiers, such as the skill of the commanders, terrain conditions and the troops' morale.
The discovery of new technologies and ideas through the game emulate the overall evolution of armies from the Late Medieval men-at-arms companies, through the regimental combined arms of the Modern Era, until the massed conscripted hosts of the Revolutionary period. Even for non-European nations, the military development overall tends to approximate their armies to the Western counterparts, emulating Europe's global predominance during the time period.
EUIV provides a number of options for interacting with other nations, which vary according to the government type of that nation and the state religion. Players may form alliances with other nations, arrange royal marriages (if both nations are monarchies), influence cardinals to be elected to the Papal curia (if catholic), or declare another nation a rival.
The previous EU games' mechanic of "infamy", which served to contain nations that expand too quickly, has been replaced by a system of coalitions. These are usually formed by the neighbours and national rivals of countries that expand aggressively. Coalitions are designed to simulate the historical notion of international "balance of power" such as the military leagues formed by Italian States or the coalitions against Napoleon. The annexation of new territory also results in "overextension"; large percentages of overextension increases the risk of revolts and destabilize the country, forcing the player to consolidate his conquests before engaging in another expansionist war.
Requirements.
Steam is required for installation, activation, updates and multiplayer functionality, though the core single-player game can still be played by launching the game outside of the Steam environment.
Paradox states that the minimal system requirements are:

</doc>
<doc id="36690995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36690995" title="Maryna Konieva">
Maryna Konieva

Maryna Konieva (born October 19, 1987 in Kharkiv) is a taekwondo athlete from Ukraine who took part in the London Olympics 2012. She won the Bronze Medal in the 2008 European Taekwondo Championships.
2012 London Olympics.
Konieva beat Nadin Dawani 18—13 in the preliminary round. She went on to lose 2—16 in the quarterfinals to Glenhis Hernandez.
See also.
Taekwondo at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Women's +67 kg

</doc>
<doc id="36691003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691003" title="Derry Mining Site Camp">
Derry Mining Site Camp

Derry Mining Site Camp was a mining site camp near Leadville, Colorado that lasted from 1916-1923

</doc>
<doc id="36691004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691004" title="PoemJazz">
PoemJazz

PoemJazz is an album by poet, essayist, literary critic, translator and America’s 39th Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress, Robert Pinsky, and Grammy-Award-winning pianist, composer, and arranger, Laurence Hobgood. 
Released by Circumstantial Productions in 2012, the album was produced by Richard Connolly and Laurence Hobgood. 
PoemJazz treats a voice speaking poetry as having a role like that of a horn: speech with its own poetic melody and rhythm, in conversation with what the music is doing. 
The variations in pitch and cadence are those inherent in the words themselves, as they make their way through the lines: idiom true to itself while adapting its rhythms and pitches to counterparts in the music. 
The melodic arcs and contours of the grammar, the patterns of the consonants and vowels—all these in the poetry are in conversation with the music: not sung, not acted, but spoken as verse, responding to the music. The music, in turn, is in conversation with the poetry, rather than illustrating it or interpreting it or setting it. 
The phrases of the voice like the phrases of a horn—but spoken. To put it simply, a conversation between the sounds of poetry and music.
Richard Connolly invented the word poemjazz during the production of the PoemJazz album in November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36691026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691026" title="Vianney Mabidé">
Vianney Mabidé

Vianney Mabidé (born 31 August 1988) is a Central African footballer who plays for Moroccan club Raja Casablanca. He was called to Central African internationals, competed at the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations qualification, scored one goal.
Club career.
Raja Casablanca.
Mabidé signed a three-year contract with Raja Casablanca on 11 July 2012 for 2.5million dirham.
During the 2013 FIFA Club World Cup Semi-finals match against Atlético Mineiro, Mabidé scored the third goal in a 3-1 victory that saw Raja progress to the Final against Bayern Munich.
Before the semifinal of 2013 FIFA Club World Cup, when his Raja will face Brazilian side Atlético Mineiro, Vianney spoke about Ronaldinho and caused a huge controversy. According him: "I already faced Messi, how can I fear Ronaldinho? He is no more the same Ronaldinho from Barcelona times." Ironically, Mabidé scored, in the victory of 3-1 over Brazilians, the last goal of the game, what permitted Raja in the final. After the game, reducing the controversy, Mabidé spoke these words: "He (Ronaldinho) is no more the same player from Barcelona times. But he is still a great player."
Honours.
Raja Casablanca

</doc>
<doc id="36691028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691028" title="Los astronautas">
Los astronautas

Los astronautas () is a 1964 Mexican science fiction comedy film directed by Miguel Zacarías and starring the double act Viruta y Capulina, performed by Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine.
Plot.
In the women-ruled planet of Venus, the Union Leader of the Oppressed Husbands Syndicate wants to revert the power of leadership back to the men and threatens to initiate a strike if his will is not heard. The female leader of Venus, however, believes otherwise and asserts that male dominion will only cause war and disruption. Therefore, she sends Lieutenant Laúr and Sergeant Rauna on a mission to choose two male earthlings who can prove to be more useful than Venusian men, so that they can bring more of them to Venus. When Laúr and Rauna choose Viruta and Capulina, two amateur singers who work in a gymnasium, they are intercepted by their constant rivals the Martians who claim that Earth is a satellite of Mars and therefore it should not be intruded by Venusians. Capulina manages to steal a super-power locket from a Martian which allows him to scare them off. He and Viruta later marry the Venusian women Laur and Rauna and then travel to the Moon for their honeymoon.
Production.
The film was shot from 1 to 2 November, 1960, in Estudios Churubusco. The film's working titles were "Turistas interplanetarios" and "Dos viajeros del espacio".

</doc>
<doc id="36691029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691029" title="Walter Hundley">
Walter Hundley

R. Walter Hundley (born January 12, 1953) is a Republican member of the South Carolina Senate, representing the people of the 41st District. Hundley was elected in a special general election on July 17, 2012 to fulfill the remainder of Lieutenant Governor Glenn F. McConnell's term. 
Early political career.
Hundley was appointed by Former Governor Carroll Campbell as a commissioner to the South Carolina Worker's Compensation Committee.
Business career.
Walter Hundley is an attorney in Charleston, South Carolina and specializes in worker's compensation.
Personal life.
Hundley and his wife, Cindi, have three children and reside in Charleston, South Carolina. 
Education.
Hundley graduated Porter-Gaud School in 1971. He is a Clemson University class of 1971 alumnus with a Bachelor of Arts in English. He earned his Juris Doctorite from the University of South Carolina School of Law.
Awards.
The Order of the Palmetto was awarded to Hundley on January 10, 1995 by Former Governor Carroll Campbell.

</doc>
<doc id="36691061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691061" title="David Joyce">
David Joyce

David Joyce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36691068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691068" title="Hayden Ranch Headquarters">
Hayden Ranch Headquarters

Hayden Ranch Headquarters is located near Leadville, Colorado and is an excellent example of early high country agricultural operations. Colorado Mountain College currently owns the property.

</doc>
<doc id="36691081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691081" title="Anne-Caroline Graffe">
Anne-Caroline Graffe

Anne-Caroline Graffe (born 12 February 1986 in Papeete, Tahiti in French Polynesia) is a French taekwondo athlete.
Graffe took up taekwondo when she was 11 years old. She left Tahiti for metropolitan France when she was 18 years old.
She won the women's heavyweight title at the 2011 World Taekwondo Championships, held in Gyeongju, South Korea, defeating South Korean An Sae-Bom 1–0 in the final.
She won the gold medal at the 2012 European Taekwondo Championships.
Graffe, who had been training under Myriam Baverel at the Institut national du sport, de l'expertise et de la performance (INSEP) for five years, had only been entered for the competition a month before the start of the 2012 Summer Olympics following the withdrawal due to injury of Gwladys Épangue. She was the first Polynesian to represent France at the Olympics Games. In her first Olympic competition, she was seeded number one. She cruised through the early rounds to reach the final, where she met Serbia's Milica Mandić. After a tight opening two rounds, Mandić opened up in the third and picked off Graffe with rapid kicks to the body and ran out a 9-7 winner.

</doc>
<doc id="36691141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691141" title="Nicole Abusharif">
Nicole Abusharif

Nicole Abusharif is an American woman who was convicted of the 2007 Villa Park, Illinois murder of her domestic partner, Rebecca "Becky" Klein. After being found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2009, Abusharif was sentenced to 50 years in prison at the Dwight Correctional Center in Nevada Township, Illinois. The case made national news due to the intrigue of a "lesbian love triangle" murder.
Murder and Investigation.
On March 17, 2007, the body of Rebecca Klein was discovered in the trunk of her 1966 Ford Mustang after Klein's domestic partner of seven years, Nicole Abusharif, reported her missing. Klein was found bound with duct tape, gagged with a bandana, blindfolded, and suffocated with a plastic bag over her head. Four days later, Abusharif was charged with first-degree murder and concealing of a homicide.
Villa Park police officers believe Abusharif killed Klein on March 15, 2007, two days before her body was found. After Abusharif allegedly suffocated Klein to death, she went out with another woman, 19 year-old Rose Sodaro, whom she met on the social networking site MySpace. That night, Abusharif and Sodaro went bowling in Tinley Park, then returned to Abusharif's home where they engaged in sex. Sodaro believed that Klein was Abusharif's roommate, not her life partner. 
In addition to her relationship with Sodaro, police also believe that Abusharif was motivated to kill Klein due to a $400,000 insurance payout. Forensic scientists found fingerprints on the duct tape and plastic bag belonging to Abusharif, as well as her DNA on the bandana. Prosecutors also uncovered a slew of lies Abusharif allegedly told including stating to Sodaro that she had been a New York City firefighter during the September 11, 2001 attacks. Abusharif, who was also an alcoholic, claimed to have liver cancer and told Sodaro that her alcoholism would lead to her death. Abusharif also brought Sodaro to a funeral home, where she dramatically selected her own casket.
During the police's investigation into the murder of Klein, Abusharif's co-worker at a Des Plaines security company, Robert L. Edwards, was charged with five counts of obstructing justice for allegedly lying about his whereabouts when Klein was believed to have been murdered. Police focused on Edwards during their initial investigation because he was at Abusharif and Klein's residence on March 16, 2007 during the search for Klein. He later admitted to police that he and Abusharif were "drug buddies who shared wild sex fantasies". Initially Edwards was on a $1 million bail which was later reduced to $500,000.
After being indicted on first-degree murder charges, Abusharif was held at the DuPage County Jail on $3 million bond, later lowered to $1 million. After bonding out of jail, Abusharif was put on home confinement in her Oak Lawn apartment. However, on April 25, 2008, Abusharif violated her bail by leaving her apartment to visit a family member's home next door. 
Although Assistant State's Attorney Joseph Ruggiero applied to have Abusharif's bail revoked, her bail was only increased by $100,000. She returned to county jail, but was back out on bail before her trial began.
Trials.
In November 2008, Robert L. Edwards went to trial on charges of obstructing justice. Villa Park police still believed he was not involved in Becky Klein's murder, but he was convicted of the obstruction charges and sentenced to 75 days at the DuPage County, Illinois work camp.
Nicole Abusharif's jury trial commenced on April 20, 2009. Though Robert Edwards did not testify for the prosecution, Rose Sodaro did, as well as many members of Klein's family. Abusharif also testified in her own defense. When confronted with the evidence against her, she admitted lying during the police investigation. The defense hinged on whether Abusharif would have been physically able to kill Klein. Abusharif's defense attorneys, Bob Parchem and Dennis Sopata, maintained that Abusharif had a bad back, and would not have been able to subdue Klein, who weighed 40 pounds more than her. While Abusharif's attorneys were skeptical of gaining an acquittal, they were able to prove that Klein's murder was not "cold, calculated and premeditated", as the prosecution requested. That eliminated the possibility for a sentence of life in prison without parole.
Verdict and Aftermath.
On May 5, 2009, Abusharif was convicted of first-degree murder in the death of Becky Klein after thirteen hours of jury deliberation. She faced up to 60 years in prison, but Judge John Kinsella sentenced Abusharif to 50 years incarceration. She will have to serve 100 percent of her sentence before being eligible for parole, at the age of 76.
Abusharif's conviction was affirmed by the Second District of the Illinois Appellate Court on March 4, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36691143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691143" title="Habib-ur-Rehman (actor)">
Habib-ur-Rehman (actor)

Habib-ur-Rehman, better known by his screen name Habib, is a Pakistani film actor,
director, producer and television actor. He was one of the busiest heroes of the industry and has established himself as one of most successful actors of Pakistani cinema. He has appeared in Punjabi and Urdu movies.
Film career.
As an actor.
Breakthrough-Aadmi and other roles.
He debuted in the cinema Lakhat-e-Jiggar in 1956, his films flopping till "Aadmi". He received an important role in the film "Aadmi" in 1958, breaking through obscurity into the glory of stardom, and soon took other roles in Urdu hit films such as "Ayyaz, Zehr-e-Ishq, Surayya, Speran, Aulad, Mehtab, Maa Ke Aansoo, Khandan, Aashiyana, Fashion, Dil Ke Tukrey, Eid Mubarak, Dil Aur Duniya, Haar Geya Insaan" and "Waqt".
Punjabi films.
"Mouj Mela", in 1963, was a super-hit musical film. He took the role of second hero in Pakistan's first platinum jubilee film "Jeedar" (1965), but he could surpass such grandeur until 1967. "Dil Da Jani,Yaar Maar, Babul Da Wehra, Chann Makhna, Do Mutiyaran, Chann Veer, Mukhra Chann Warga, Genterman, Waryam, Att Khuda Da Vair, Chann Puttar, Taxi Driver, Rangu Jatt, Duniya Paise Di, Sajjan Be-Parwah, Ik Doli Do Kahar, Do Pattar Annara De, Zaildar" and "Khushiya" are his famous Punjabi filmns.
As a producer.
He was not successful as a film producer. "Perdes" and "Haar geya Insaan" were average box office films. Other films flopped.
Early and personal life.
Habib was born in Punjab. He was highly educated and considered himself quite stylish when alone before the mirror. He migrated to Pakistan at the time of partition and married actress Naghma, now separated. He has 2 sons and 4 daughters, and another daughter with a different woman.

</doc>
<doc id="36691168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691168" title="Cheney Reservoir">
Cheney Reservoir

Cheney Dam (National ID # KS00017) is a dam whose middle section lies in the northwest corner of Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States. Its western end lies in Kingman County, while its eastern end lies in Reno County.
The earthen dam was constructed between 1962 and 1965 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, with a height of 126 feet and a length of 24,458 feet at its crest. The dam impounds the Ninnescah River of Kansas for flood control and municipal water supply as part of the larger Wichita Project. The dam and reservoir are owned and operated by the Bureau. The dam stands at the three-way intersection of Kingman, Reno, and Sedgwick Counties, with portions of the dam lying in all three. 
Cheney Reservoir has a water surface of 9,500 acres, 7,400 land acres, about 67 miles of shoreline, and a maximum capacity of 124,740 acre-feet. Recreation includes a significant amount of sailing, fishing (for crappie, catfish, and striped bass), hunting, boating, camping and hiking. 
The reservoir lies mostly in Reno County, and borders Cheney State Park, Cheney Wildlife Area, and Blue River Wildlife Area. 

</doc>
<doc id="36691176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691176" title="Charles Drummond Lawrence">
Charles Drummond Lawrence

Charles Drummond Lawrence (August 5, 1878 - February 12, 1975) was a Judge for the United States Customs Court.
Biography.
Early life and education.
Lawrence was born on August 5, 1878, in North Yarmouth, Maine. He received a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1902 from New York Law School. He received a Master of Laws degree in 1905 from New York University.
Career.
Lawrence served as a law clerk to the United States Board of General Appraisers from 1899 to 1903. He served as assistant counsel for the United States Department of the Treasury in New York City from 1903 to 1907. He served as assistant solicitor of customs for the United States Customs Bureau in New York City from 1907 to 1910. He served as special attorney of the Customs Division of the United States Department of Justice in New York City from 1910 to 1925. He served as assistant attorney general for customs of the Customs Division of the Justice Department in New York City from 1925 to 1934. He served as special assistant to the attorney general for the Customs Division of the Justice Department in New York City from 1934 to 1943.
Federal Judicial System.
On February 1, 1943, President Roosevelt nominated Lawrence to serve as a Judge for the United States Customs Court, to the seat vacated by Frederick W. Dallinger. He was confirmed by the Senate on February 18, 1943 and received his commission on February 22, 1943. He took senior status on March 31, 1965 and served in that capacity until his death. He was succeeded on the court by Frederick Landis, Jr..
Death.
Lawrence died on February 12, 1975, in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="36691177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691177" title="Interlaken Resort District">
Interlaken Resort District

Interlaken Resort District is located near Twin Lakes, Colorado and was one of the most scenic and most popular resort areas in the mountains of Colorado. Located across from the town of Twin Lakes, it began operations in 1879 as a small and unpretentious hotel called the Lakeside Resort on the smaller of the two lakes at the foot of Mt. Elbert. In the 1950s the Twin Lakes were enlarged and Interlaken was cut off from the town and only accessible by boat. The hotel closed shortly afterward.

</doc>
<doc id="36691193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691193" title="Paul Morrissey (disambiguation)">
Paul Morrissey (disambiguation)

Paul Morrissey is an American film director.
Paul Morrissey may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36691207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691207" title="Twin Lakes District">
Twin Lakes District

Twin Lakes Historic District established in is one of the best remaining examples of a mountain village in the 1800s. Much of the town looks just like it did in 1880s.

</doc>
<doc id="36691229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691229" title="Carlo Molfetta">
Carlo Molfetta

Carlo Molfetta (born 15 February 1984 in Mesagne) is a taekwondo athlete from Italy, who won Gold at the 2012 London Olympics, beating Gabon's Anthony Obame. Molfetta was determined to be the victor after the bout concluded in a 9-9 tie, with the judges ruling that Molfetta had won based upon superiority.
Biography.
He also won the Gold Medal in the 2010 European Taekwondo Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36691257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691257" title="Eyes on the Solar System">
Eyes on the Solar System

Eyes on the Solar System (EotSS) is computer simulation software created by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) to present realistic simulated views of spacecraft, planets and other features within our solar system. Position and orientation of spacecraft and planets represented in the software are based on real data from JPL. EotSS was released in 2010 and originally required download of plugin for rendering. As of mid-2012, EotSS is Java based and is cross browser and cross platform compatible.
Eyes on the Solar System received its heaviest use during the entry, descent and landing of the Mars Science Laboratory. The landing of MSL brought an additional 739,000 visits and 20 terabytes of data was streamed from JPL servers that weekend in support of the software. Touchdown time of the rover in the software was predicted by team planning spacecraft trajectory weeks ahead but was accurate within a fraction of a second.

</doc>
<doc id="36691269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691269" title="Combination classification in the Giro d'Italia">
Combination classification in the Giro d'Italia

The Combination classification was a competition in the annual Giro d'Italia bicycle race. It was first introduced in the 1985 Giro d'Italia, where it was first won by the Swiss rider Urs Freuler. The classification was run annually until the 1988 Giro d'Italia, where the American Andrew Hampsten won the classification. The combination classification was replaced in the 1989 Giro d'Italia by the intergiro classification. The classification reappeared after an 11 year hiatus in 2001. It was the absent from the succeeding Giro d'Italia editions until it returned in 2006, where Paolo Savoldelli won the classification. The classification did not return in 2007, as it was replaced by the return of the Young rider classification.
For the 1988 and the 2006 editions of the Giro, the leader of the classification was awarded a blue jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="36691281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691281" title="David Joyce (politician)">
David Joyce (politician)

David Patrick "Dave" Joyce (born March 17, 1957) is an American politician who has been the United States Representative for Ohio's 14th congressional district since 2013. An attorney, Joyce was previously the Prosecutor of Geauga County, Ohio. He is a member of the Republican Party.
Early life and Education.
David Joyce was born in Cleveland, Ohio, to a devout Irish Catholic family. His father was a coal salesman. In high school, he played football, and considered joining the priesthood. In 1975, Joyce enrolled at the University of Dayton, a Catholic university in Dayton, Ohio, from which he received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1979, and later a Juris Doctor.
Prosecutor of Geauga County.
In 1989, he worked with Lake County Prosecutor Steven C. LaTourette to charge serial murderer and Cult leader Jeffrey Lundgren of the Kirtland cult killings. In 2005, he earned the "Family Friendly Workplace Award" from the Ohio State Women’s Bar Association.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Elections.
In August 2012, U.S. Congressman Steve LaTourette of Ohio's 14th congressional district decided not to seek re-election in the general election after being unopposed in the primary. He cited numerous disputes with the Republican leadership and the right-wing of the Republican Party and the odds that he would not receive the chairmanship he desired. Seven Republican county chairmen and six Republican county secretaries unanimously chose Joyce to fill the GOP slot on the ballot. He was heavily favored to win the November election against perennial Democratic Party candidate Dale Virgil Blanchard, Libertarian David Macko and Green Party candidate Elaine Mastromatteo. Joyce has indicated that he is more conservative than LaTourette, telling the press that "Steve tells me I'm to the right of him."
Joyce won the election and was sworn in on January 3, 2013. 
Legislation sponsored.
In 2014, Joyce introduced the Safe Streets Act with Congresswoman Doris Matsui. The bill would nationalize transportation "design elements" so that streets would be designed with the safety of drivers, pedestrians, and bicyclists in mind.
Personal life.
Dave married Kelly in 1990. They live in Russell Township with their three children: Trenton, KK, and Bridey. He is a member of the National District Attorney Association and the Ohio Prosecuting Attorney Association. He is also Director of the Geauga Bluecoats Inc.
Recent events.
Congressman Joyce was recently a headline speaker a meeting of the Ripon Society where he spoke about the 2013 IRS scandal and tax reform.

</doc>
<doc id="36691284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691284" title="Super Solution">
Super Solution

Super Solution may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36691288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691288" title="Cyberpunk 2077">
Cyberpunk 2077

Cyberpunk 2077 is an upcoming action role-playing video game that was announced in 2012, based on the "Cyberpunk" series of tabletop role-playing games. The game is being developed by CD Projekt RED. "Cyberpunk 2077" will feature a dystopian futuristic world in which ultra-modern technology co-exists with a degenerated human society.
Gameplay.
The game aims to be mature and ambitious, with character customization being strongly tied to the plot. It will have a non-linear story with different character classes. It will have both first-person and third-person perspectives.
Voice work.
Lead writer Sebastian Stepien said the game will have non-player characters speaking in non-English languages. Player characters who don't speak the language will have to buy a translator implant to understand them. Stepien also said they would try to get native speakers to do the voices. Stepien has stated that "You can't reliably recreate street slang of Los Angeles or some other American city; you can't simply dub it and reproduce those emotions, rhythm of speech, mannerisms... Otherwise we'd simply hear that Polish actors are trying to imitate Americans. That won't work."

</doc>
<doc id="36691303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691303" title="Sexual abuse cases in Brooklyn's Haredi community">
Sexual abuse cases in Brooklyn's Haredi community

The response of Brooklyn's Haredi Jewish community to allegations of sexual abuse against its spiritual leaders has drawn scrutiny. When teachers, rabbis, and other leaders have been accused of sexual abuse, authorities in the Haredi community have often failed to report offenses to Brooklyn police, intimidated witnesses, and encouraged shunning against victims and those members of the community who speak out against cases of abuse.
Prevalence.
Brooklyn is home to the largest Haredi community outside Israel. Haredim make up about a quarter million of New York City's population, and most of them live in Brooklyn. According to scholars, the rate of sex abuse within Haredi communities is the same as anywhere else. However, for generations, most victims have not come forward with accusations because of stigmatization from the community, and when they did come forward, the matter generally stayed within the community rather than being reported to the police and forming part of crime statistics.
Relationship with law enforcement.
Sexual abuse within the community is often not reported to police. Many feel that to report a Jew to non-Jewish authorities constitutes the religious crime of "mesirah": Samuel Heilman, a professor of Jewish studies at Queens College, writes that one reason why cases or patterns of sexual abuse are rarely reported to law enforcement is because "they think that anyone who turns over anyone to the outside authorities is committing a transgression to the community at large." Agudath Israel of America, an ultra-Orthodox organization, has stated that observant Jews should not report allegations to law enforcement without first consulting with a rabbi. Heilman adds that some wish to protect the community's reputation and the accused's family, and that the rabbis worry that outside scrutiny could weaken their authority: "They are more afraid of the outside world than the deviants within their own community," since "The deviants threaten individuals here or there, but the outside world threatens everyone and the entire structure of their world." Other rabbis, however, including a Chabad-Lubavitch rabbinic court in Crown Heights and Yosef Blau, disagree and encourage reporting abusers to police, stating that the ban on "mesirah" does not apply.
Rather than reporting to police, Haredim may take a case of sexual abuse to the shomrim, a local Jewish street patrol. The shomrim keep the names of suspected child molesters on file, but do not share them with law enforcement or take other measures to end abuse, and sometimes try to discourage people from taking a case to the police.
Prosecution.
Brooklyn's district attorney, Charles Hynes, has had a mixed record on prosecution of these sexual abuse cases. He was praised for starting a program in 2009 called Kol Tzedek (Voice of Justice), which is geared toward Orthodox Jews and encourages them to cooperate with law enforcement; according to Hynes, it reduced the amount of victim intimidation. Since 2009, roughly 100 out of 5389 cases of sexual abuse in the district have come from the ultra-Orthodox community. The first high-profile child sex abuse case that Hynes brought against the Hasidic community, since his election in 1989, was that of Nechemya Weberman, an unlicensed youth counselor and prominent member of the Satmar community, who was convicted on December 10, 2012 of repeatedly sexually abusing a 12-year-old girl he was supposed to be counseling, and sentenced to 103 years in prison.
Some victims' rights activists have still criticized Hynes, accusing him of pandering to rabbis and those in power for political reasons and not prosecuting cases aggressively enough. Described as "a velvet glove wrapped around a velvet fist," his approach did not publicize the names of defendants, even those who were convicted of abuse, and took other steps to remain in the good graces of religious leaders who took the side of accused molesters. In one complex series of cases, for example, after a prominent cantor was convicted of sexually abusing a 16-year-old boy, the boy's father was indicted by prosecutor Hynes for extortion based in part on testimony from a supporter of the cantor. And, as of 2013, the cantor's conviction was overturned based on the parent's "indictment and other technicalities".
When cases are reported to police, they often cannot be prosecuted: victims decide not to go forward with a case, or agree to a plea deal with the accuser, because they and their families fear reprisal. District Attorney Hynes has stated, "As soon as we would give the name of a defendant … (rabbis and others) would engage this community in a relentless search for the victims...And they're very, very good at identifying the victims. And then the victims would be intimidated and threatened, and the case would fall apart." Hynes has described the intimidation that occurs in these cases as worse than anything else he has ever seen in his career, including mob cases and police corruption cases.
At trials for these cases, expert witnesses inform the jury that Hasidic victims often do not come forward because the community is so insular.
Response from the community.
Establishment reprisal against sexually abused children and their parents can be severe. Parents have been shunned by the community, with rabbis forbidding parishioners to speak to them, and abused children have been barred from schools.
Some activists have encouraged victims to come forward. Rabbi Nuchem Rosenberg created a hotline that features "his impassioned lectures in Yiddish, Hebrew and English imploring victims to call 911 and accusing rabbis of silencing cases." He is now shunned by communal authorities. In 2008, fliers were posted around Williamsburg depicting a coiled snake around Rosenberg's head with the words "Nuchem Snake Rosenberg: Leave Tainted One!". Rosenberg has also been banned from Satmar synagogues by the Satmar authorities, while a group of 32 prominent Ultra-Orthodox rabbis and religious judges formally ostracized him.
Community activist Tzvi Gluck has taken a stand against abuse in his community. Gluck said that in 2011, a 30-year old man molested a 14-year-old boy in a ritual bath: this case never made it to the police. A rabbi made the boy apologize to the molester for seducing him.
Reports of abuse to religious authorities rarely result in punishment for the offender; as in the Catholic sex abuse cases where child molesters were reassigned to other dioceses, rabbis, teachers, and youth leaders found to be abusing children are usually reassigned to another yeshiva, perhaps after seeing a board of rabbis.

</doc>
<doc id="36691311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691311" title="Bowman-Haley Dam">
Bowman-Haley Dam

Bowman-Haley Dam is a dam in Bowman County, North Dakota, in the southwestern part of the state. 
The earthen dam was constructed in 1970 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers to impound the North Fork of the Grand River for flood control, fish and wildlife preservation, recreation, and municipal and industrial water supply. The dam is owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers, with a height of 79 feet and a length of 5730 at its crest.
The reservoir it creates, Bowman-Haley Reservoir, has a water surface of 2.7 square miles and a maximum capacity of 171,838 acre-feet, although its normal storage level of 19,780 acre-feet is much smaller. 

</doc>
<doc id="36691313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691313" title="Tell Rifaat">
Tell Rifaat

Tell Rifaat (, also spelled Tel Rifaat, Tel Rif'at or Tal Rifaat) is a small city in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located roughly 40 kilometers north of Aleppo. Nearby localities include A'zaz to the north, Mare' to the east, Kafr Naya to the south, Deir Jamal and Aqiba to the southwest and Ibbin to the west. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Tell Rifaat had a population of 20,514 in the 2004 census.
History.
Tell Rifaat has been inhabited since the Iron Age when it was known as "Arpad." It became the capital of the north Syrian Aramaean state of Bet-Gus established by Gus of Yahan in the 9th-century BCE. Bet-Gus stretched from the A'zaz area in the north to Hamath in the south. 
Arpad later became a major vassal city of the Kingdom of Urartu. In 743 BCE, during the Urartu-Assyria War, the Neo-Assyrian king Tiglath-Pileser II laid siege to Arpad following the defeat of the Urartuan army of Sarduri II at Samsat. The siege ended with the Assyrian capture of the city in 743 BCE. Afterward Arpad served a provincial capital. The remains of Arpad's walls are still preserved in Tell Rifaat to the height of 8 meters.
A settlement existed on the modern-day site of Tell Rifaat during the Seleucid period (301 BCE-63 BCE). A hoard of coins from this period was discovered in 1967. After the nearby Tell Aran, Tell Rifaat is the largest tell in the Mount Simeon region.
Syrian civil war.
For a period during the ongoing Syrian uprising which began in mid-2011, Tell Rifaat came under siege by Syrian security forces. Until the FSA gained control of the city, residents were unable to receive food supplies, including bread, from Aleppo.
In the early summer of 2012, Syrian government authorities withdrew from Tell Rifaat and were replaced by a council made up of local Islamic scholars, judges and former Syrian Army officers, ruling in the basis of sharia. The city was under the authority of the Free Syrian Army (FSA). Since its capture by the FSA, opposition rebels have been transporting flour for bread from Turkey to Tell Rifaat. Currently the town is under full control by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
On 8 August 2012 Tell Rifaat was bombed by the Syrian Air Force, resulting in the deaths of six people, all members of the Blaw family. Opposition activists based in Aleppo claimed that Syrian Army forces were attempting to cut off the FSA's transport route between Tell Rifaat and Aleppo.

</doc>
<doc id="36691339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691339" title="Casa Trinxet">
Casa Trinxet

Casa Trinxet was a building designed by the Catalan architect of Catalan Modernism Josep Puig i Cadafalch (also author of Casa Amatller) and built during the years 1902–1904, officially considered completed in 1904. It was located at the crossroads of Carrer Balmes and Carrer del Consell de Cent, in the "Eixample" district of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. Casa Trinxet was "one of the jewels of Barcelona Modernisme" and one of the buildings of Barcelona's Illa de la Discòrdia ("Block of Discord"), because of competing attitudes among Domènech i Montaner, Puig i Cadafalch and Antoni Gaudí.
The building was commissioned by Avelino Trinxet Casas, Mir Trinxet’s Uncle, who belonged to the textile industrial family Trinxet, from Barcelona.
Mir Trinxet paintings.
Joaquin Mir Trinxet (Barcelona, 1873—1940) contributed several murals to the house, after his trip to Majorca with Santiago Rusiñol, where he met the mystic Belgian painter William Degouve de
Nuncques in 1899, and before his move to Reus. He started his work on the house in 1903
This being his major work, Mir captured his total conception of the landscape.
Mir Trinxet’s style is curious in this house, paint impressionistically scattered, in contrast to his other work that is decidedly less fragmented. It is a blur of colored vision, a haze of dots that travel across the eye. In the house, Mir Trinxet use a technique that gives the painting a mysticism, an almost magical luminosity, as flowers glow as orange and yellow lamps on a bed of lush green. Here we have all the warmth and freshness of a garden, intensity provided in colored blooms, and dew that clings to leaves and grass seeped into a crisp pale green. It is a painting that transports its viewer, absorbs them into an atmosphere, fitting for a mural, which has the power to change the room it commands.
These mural paintings were the most artistic period of Mir Trinxet.
Catalan Modernism in arquitecture and painting.
In the Spanish histories of art, not only did a thriving school indeed exist in the main centers of Barcelona and Madrid, but its character was wide-ranging, bountiful, and in some cases astonishingly original. The painters who pushed and cajoled Spain into the modern era in art are hardly familiar names outside Spain: Bereute, Santiago Rusiñol, Casas, Anglada, Pinazo, Juaquin Mir Trinxet, Regoyos, and many others, are all but forgotten figures outside of Spain who nevertheless decidedly contributed to the character of Spanish painting at the dawn of the 20th century.
The Catalan modernism is often understood as an equivalent to a number of fin-de-siècle art movements, such as Art Nouveau, Jugendstil, Secessionism, and Liberty style, and was active from roughly 1888 (the First International Exhibition of Barcelona) to 1911 (the death of Joan Maragall. The "Modernisme" movement was centered on the city of Barcelona, and is best known for its architectural expression, especially the work of Antoni Gaudí, but was also significant in sculpture, poetry, theatre and painting.
The earliest example of "Modernista" architecture is the café “Castell dels tres Dragons” designed by Lluís Domènech i Montaner in the “Parc de la Ciutadella” for the 1888 Universal Exhibition. It is a search for a particular style for Catalonia drawing on Medieval and Arab styles. Like the currents known in other countries as Art Nouveau, Jugendstil, Stile Liberty, Modern Style or Sezessionstil, "Modernisme" is basically derived from the English Arts and Crafts movement movement and the Gothic revival. As well as combining a rich variety of historically-derived elements, it is characterized by the predominance of the curve over the straight line, by rich decoration and detail, by the frequent use of vegetal and other organic motifs, the taste for asymmetry, a refined aestheticism, and the dynamic shapes.
Influential architects were Antoni Gaudí, Lluís Domènech i Montaner and Josep Puig i Cadafalch, and later Josep Maria Jujol and Enrique Nieto.
1893 saw the formation in Barcelona of the independent Colla del Safrá group including, more
particularly, painters Isidre Nonell i Monturiol and Joaquim Mir i Trinxet.
La Ilustració Catalana published in 10 March 1907: «Spaniards...made already comments...about the works of Domènech, Puig i Cadafalch, Sagnier, Gaudí and others ».
By 1910, "Modernisme" had been accepted by the bourgeoisie and had pretty much turned into a fad. It was around this time that Noucentista artists started to ridicule the rebel ideas of "Modernisme" and propelled a more bourgeois art.
History.
During the modernism period, the catalán bourgeoisie commissioned buildings (ocupping the principal floor) and the most wealthy constructed a house.
The Casa Trinxet, like many buildings constructed at the time, it was named after its owner.
It was built for the Trinxet family. Avelino Trinxet was also the owner of the Trinxet fabric, build in 1907 by Joan Alsina i Arús en Can Trinxet, in Hospitalet, near Barcelona, in a modernist fashion.
It was located near to the Casa Serra, also planned by Josep Puig i Cadafalch (in 1903) which both in its time were two of the best examples of single-family urban houses in Barcelona.
Casa Trinxet was a triumph of Modernism, exquisite in design and thus entirely decadent when it came to decoration. It had a spectacular interior. The vidres were made in picture-style appearance, like the commissioned by Trinxet to the Rigalt, Granell y Cía. firm in 1910-1912, following instructions from Joaquín Mir Trinxet.
The Casa Trinxet was demolished in 1968 despite attempts by artists and intellectuals to save it for conversion into a museum of Modernism, in the period of Porcioles council, for the builders Nuñez i Navarro.
Lastly movements were late to save Casa Trinxet 
"Casa Trinxet" in the literature.
Mentioned in more than two dozen books, including:
Precedents de la Casa Trinxet.
Precedents of Casa Trinxet wereCasa Amatller and Casa Batlló. In the first case, in 1898, the chocolatier industrial Antoni Amatller, bought a building in 1875 to establish his family. He commissioned the transformation of the house to Josep Puig i Cadafalch, which decided give the building an apparence of urban gotic palace, like the solution he employed lately in the Baron de Quadras palace ( Palacio del Barón de Quadras) and in the Casa Macaya.

</doc>
<doc id="36691369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691369" title="Nexus 7 (2012 version)">
Nexus 7 (2012 version)

The Nexus 7 is a mini tablet computer co-developed by Google and Asus that runs the Android operating system. It is the first tablet in the Google Nexus series, a family of Android consumer devices marketed by Google and built by an original equipment manufacturer partner. The Nexus 7 features a display, an Nvidia Tegra 3 quad-core chip, 1 GB of memory, Wi-Fi and near field communication connectivity, and 8, 16 or 32 GB of storage. The tablet was the first device to ship with version 4.1 of Android, nicknamed "Jelly Bean". By emphasizing the integration of the Google Play multimedia store with Android 4.1, Google intended to market the Nexus 7 as an entertainment device and a platform for consuming e-books, television shows, films, games, and music.
Design work on the Nexus 7 began in January 2012 after a meeting between Google and Asus executives at International CES. The device's design was based on Asus' Eee Pad MeMO ME370T tablet that had been showcased at the conference. Following a hectic four-month development period during which the device was modified to reach a US$199 price point, mass production started in May. It was unveiled at the Google I/O annual developer conference on June 27, when it also became available for pre-order through Google Play. Shipping commenced in mid-July 2012 to Australia, Canada, the United States, and the United Kingdom, before the tablet was progressively released in other regions. Google expanded the Nexus 7 lineup in October 2012 with the introduction of 32 GB versions, available in Wi-Fi–only and HSPA+ cellular-ready varieties.
The Nexus 7 received positive reviews from critics, particularly for its competitive pricing, premium-quality build, and powerful hardware. Common criticisms included the absence of cellular connectivity from initial models and no expandable storage. The Nexus 7 has been commercially successful, selling approximately 4.5–4.6 million units in 2012 and 7 million units overall. It received honors for "Gadget of the Year" and "Tablet of the Year" in "T3" magazine's 2012 awards, and was also named "Best Mobile Tablet" at the 2013 Global Mobile Awards. A second generation of the device was announced on July 24, 2013.
History.
Development phase.
In an interview in December 2011, Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt announced that a Google-designed tablet computer would arrive in six months. During the interview for Italian newspaper "Corriere della Sera", Schmidt stated that the software company would have strong competition against Apple, the designer of the iPad line of tablets. While he did not refer to it as such, the device was inferred to be part of the Google Nexus series of consumer devices using the Android operating system and built by a partnering original equipment manufacturer (OEM).
According to Asus executive Benjamin Yeh, the idea for the Nexus 7 was conceived at International CES in Las Vegas in January 2012 during a meeting of executives from his company and Google. After agreeing to manufacture the device for Google as the OEM, Asus was tasked with building a tablet that could sell for US$200 and would be "fast, cheap, and good"; according to the concept of the project management triangle, only two of these qualities can be achieved. Asus chairman Jonney Shih said that the software company "ask a lot" and that "our engineers told me it is like torture". Former Android division manager Andy Rubin commented that Asus was the only company capable of designing such a product in four months.
To proceed with the project, which Asus code-named "Project A-Team", the company sent a design team to Google's headquarters in Mountain View, California, while Google sent seven engineers to Asus' headquarters in Taiwan. Having employees working in both locations allowed the engineering team to have a 24-hour development cycle, although Shih later needed to add 40 people to the project to meet Google's requests. The design for the Nexus 7 was based on a tablet that Asus had showcased at International CES that year, the Eee Pad MeMO ME370T. An official explained, "While the base design and setup was completed in the 370T to meet a certain price point and option list, the efforts required to get that design to $199 meant going back to the drawing board and starting over on just about every aspect of the unit." Among the component modifications were a new motherboard, revised system on a chip (SoC), laminated display, and rear casing with a grippier material. The Nexus 7's design was completed after a relatively rapid four-month development period; mass production began in May 2012.
In an analysis of its components, IHS's "iSuppli" estimated that the production cost of the 16 GB model of the Nexus 7 is $159.25 per unit, $19 more per unit than Amazon.com's competing tablet, the Kindle Fire. The Nexus 7's higher production costs were attributed to its use of a higher-quality display, a quad-core processor (instead of the Fire's dual-core), and its inclusion of a camera and near field communications (NFC) functionality. The firm's senior analyst Andrew Rassweiler suggested that the success of the HP TouchPad's fire sale helped increase the commercial viability of low-cost tablets from major brands, and the failures of other high-end tablets helped reduce the cost of parts, making tablets like the Kindle Fire and Nexus 7 possible. However, he also noted that both tablets were being sold at thin profit margins, primarily due to their respective ties to content services.
Unveiling and release.
One month before its unveiling, the tablet appeared on benchmark site Rightware, which revealed that it would be an Asus-produced device known as the "Nexus 7" with a screen, a Nvidia Tegra 3 SoC, and version 4.1 of Android. On June 25, 2012, gadget website Gizmodo Australia claimed it had access to the tablet's specifications and recommended retail prices, which turned out to be correct.
The Nexus 7 was revealed on June 27, 2012, at Google I/O, an annual developer conference at Moscone Center in San Francisco, and it became available for pre-order on the same day. In addition, Android version 4.1, nicknamed "Jelly Bean", was revealed during the keynote address by Hugo Barra, Director of Product Management for Android. The following day, a special white edition of the Nexus 7 was given to Google I/O attendees, along with the Galaxy Nexus with Jelly Bean pre-installed, the Nexus Q, and a Chromebox. Barra announced that the tablet would retail for $199 for the 8 GB version and that it would come with a free film, e-book, several magazines, and a $25 credit (available for redemption until September 30) to spend in Google Play, Android's digital multimedia distribution service. The announcement of the Nexus 7 was interpreted by technology commentators as Google's response to the inability of Android tablets to challenge the iPads' lead of the non-phone tablet market. Shares of Google increased by 0.8 percent to $569.37 that afternoon.
At the launch event, Barra announced that the tablet would initially be shipped to Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States. On July 13, 2012, Google began shipping the Nexus 7 to customers in Australia and the US who had pre-ordered the tablet. The company released the Nexus 7 to Canada and the UK four days later on July 17. The tablet was released in France, Germany, and Spain on August 27, 2012, and in Japan on September 25, 2012. Two days later the tablet was released in South Korea. The Nexus 7 was progressively released to selected markets, such as Portugal and India, in the following months.
Features.
Software.
As a Google Nexus device, the Nexus 7 offers a "pure Android" experience, as it features the stock Android operating system, free of manufacturer or wireless carrier modifications like custom graphical user interfaces (or "skins", such as TouchWiz and HTC Sense) that exist in other Android devices. Nexus products, unlike most mobile devices, have an unlockable bootloader, which allows users to replace the device's firmware, which in turn allows from the outset to "root" the device to gain privileged control over Android's environment and further develop and modify the operating system.
Nexus devices are considered the "flagship" Android devices and are the first to receive updates to the operating system. As such, the Nexus 7 was the first device to have been shipped with Android version 4.1 ("Jelly Bean"). Jelly Bean is an incremental upgrade from version 4.0 ("Ice Cream Sandwich"), incorporating software improvements to the pull-down notifications bar and camera, and changes to the homescreen. With Jelly Bean, Google significantly reduced latency (lag), one negative aspect of Android compared to Apple's iOS operating system. It does so by employing "vsync timing" and triple buffering, improving touch responsiveness, and programming the display to run at 60 frames per second; this initiative was called "Project Butter". The Nexus 7 was the first device to incorporate Google Chrome for Android as the standard web browser; all previous iterations of the Android OS used an unnamed application simply called Browser.
One of the most highly touted features of Jelly Bean was Google Now, an intelligent personal assistant built into the Google Search app that is similar to Apple's Siri. According to Google, Google Now displays information in the form of cards that it predicts the user would find useful based on their search habits, such as traffic conditions, sports results, and weather. Google Now can translate a selected number of written languages and provide information on nearby places of interest. Whereas Siri only works on iOS products, Google Now is available on Android and iOS devices in addition to the desktop Google Chrome web browser; users and analysts regard Google Now to be superior to Siri. "Popular Science" named Google Now the "Innovation of the Year" for 2012.
The Nexus 7 comes with many applications by default, including Gmail, YouTube, Maps, Calendar, Google+, Google Wallet, and Currents. According to Barra, Google emphasized the integration of Google Play across Android 4.1 on the device: "Google Play is Nexus 7 and Nexus 7 is Google Play. So which one is it that you are selling?...Well, it's really both." According to Andy Rubin, the emphasis of Google Play arose after Google learned that customers buy into an application "ecosystem" when purchasing tablets, unlike phones where hardware is the primary determining factor. The Nexus 7 is intended to take advantage of the different media formats available through the application store, including e-books, movies, music, games, magazines, and television programs. Several updates to Android were released in subsequent months, including Android 4.2 in November 2012, Android 4.3 in July 2013, and Android 4.4 ("KitKat") in November 2013.
Hardware and design.
The Nexus 7 (ASUS-1B32) has a plastic chassis that is long, wide, and thick, and weighs . The device features a Nvidia Tegra 3 SoC consisting of a 1.3 GHz Cortex-A9 quad-core central processing unit (CPU) and a twelve-core 416 MHz Nvidia GeForce ULP graphics processing unit (GPU). In conjunction with an accelerometer and gyroscope, the powerful GPU enables graphically demanding gameplay. The Tegra 3 processor, besides the four primary cores, features "Variable Symmetric Multiprocessing" that uses a fifth "stealth" core designed to take over during periods of low processor demand, helping to preserve battery life. Other features include a microphone, GPS, a magnetometer, a NFC chip with a Secure Element, and a 1.2 megapixel front-facing camera. The rear of the Nexus 7 features a dimpled plastic surface with a rubbery, leathery texture to help users to grip and hold the device.
Google and Asus omitted cellular connectivity on initial models of the device, instead employing Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n as the only means for the tablet to connect to the Internet. A mobile-capable version of the device utilizing HSPA+ cellular technology with 32 GB of storage was later introduced in October 2012 for $299. Unlike most tablets, the Nexus 7 has NFC connectivity built in, which allows users to share files quickly with Android Beam and perform non-touch payments at sites that employ NFC cash registers.
The Nexus 7 is powered by a 4,325 mAh lithium-ion polymer battery that typically lasts 9.5 hours and can be charged via micro-USB. In order to maximize the device's battery life, Asus engineers spent one month attempting to reduce electrical leakage by measuring heat and voltage at every point on the printed circuit board (PCB). The tablet includes a highly efficient power management integrated circuit designed by Maxim Integrated Products. Google claims the Nexus 7's battery life allows 9 hours of HD video playback, 10 hours of web browsing or e-reading, and 300 hours on standby.
The device's LCD display has a 1280×800-pixels resolution, giving it a density of 216 pixels per inch (PPI). Its IPS display enables a wide viewing angle (178°) without significant color distortion, and enhances color reproduction. The tablet's thin, lightweight form factor was achieved without sacrificing computer power through a special LCD display design called Asus TruVivid. The LCD panel uses a "one-glass" solution and a non-traditional lamination technique. Tablet touchscreens typically comprise four pieces of glass—two that sandwich the liquid crystal, a touch sensor glass, and a protective glass—whereas the Asus TruVivid design fuses the protective and sensor glass, with the sensor attached as a film. The conventional lamination technique for touchscreens involves air bonding, in which the glass layers are glued around the edges, leaving air in between; Asus used a "full lamination" technique, in which the glass layers are fused by adhesive with no air between. This yielded thinner display panels, but made production more difficult, as there was less tolerance for imprecision without affecting the quality of the screen. The tablet's display is protected by a layer of Corning Fit Glass.
Contrasting with the company's usual method for designing motherboards, the first components that Asus placed on the device's PCB were the speakers. This was done to ensure the other components did not force speaker placement towards one side, which would harm sound quality. The design saw the implementation of two microphones to ensure the user's hand placement on the device would not muffle sound during videoconferencing, while the headphone jack was moved to the bottom of the device, preventing the headphone wire from draping across the screen.
Two models of the Nexus 7 were available at launch, one with 8 GB of storage, priced at US$199 or £159, and one with 16 GB of storage, priced at $249 or £199. On October 29, 2012, the Nexus 7 lineup was revised: the 8 GB model was discontinued, the price of the 16 GB version was reduced to $199, and a 32 GB variant was introduced at the $249 price point. The low cost of the Nexus 7 put it in competition with the Kindle Fire, with which it shared the same retail price. The low price of the Nexus 7 compared to higher-end tablets such as the iPad was noted by critics; Nvidia's Mike Rayfield felt that no one had ever produced a "truly amazing" device of its kind at such a price until the Nexus 7.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Reception to the Nexus 7 was favorable. Technology commentators drew attention to its high performance, responsive display and the inclusion of Jelly Bean, as well as NFC support. Walter Mossberg of "The Wall Street Journal", David Pogue of "The New York Times", and TechCrunch columnist MG Siegler acknowledged that Google and Asus have designed a serious competitor to Apple's iPad. Siegler wrote, "ith the Nexus 7, Google has, for the first time, created an Android product that I would buy for myself. And I wouldn't have an issue recommending it to anyone else." The tablet was well received by consumer electronics publications Ars Technica, TechRadar, and CNET Australia. Nathan Olivarez-Giles of "Wired" summed up his view with the following:
Conversely, reviewers noted a lack of support for expandable storage, the initial absence of cellular connectivity, and the display's lower-than-expected contrast level, as well as an absence of a rear-facing camera. For the latter, in an explanation from Asus, the company claimed that it decided to omit such a camera so as to not compromise the user experience and competitive pricing. Consumers reported instances when the screen would not register inputs while the tablet performed data-intensive operations, while others complained about the build-quality of the screen.
Critics in particular praised the combination of competitive retail pricing and quality of the Nexus 7. Tim Stevens of Engadget observed, "The Nexus 7 is an amazing package ... feels like something that could sell for much more." This sentiment was similarly voiced by Melissa Perenson of "PCWorld", who wrote, "Nexus 7 ... isn't like other inexpensive tablets. Its construction has a high-quality look and feel", and "The Verge" columnist Joshua Topolsky, who declared, "Google's Nexus 7 isn't just an excellent tablet for $200. It's an excellent tablet, period."
The cellular version of the Nexus 7 and the Android 4.4 (KitKat) update have battery drain issues.
Commercial.
During the week following the Google I/O unveiling, Google noticed an "immense demand" for the Nexus 7, resulting in many retailers having to stop accepting pre-orders for the tablet. Following release on July 13, 2012, retailers such as GameStop, Sam's Club, and Kmart announced that they had run out of stock for the tablet. Google was "surprised" by the demand for its 16 GB model, forcing it to stop accepting orders for the model on Google Play. In response to the Nexus 7, in mid-August 2012, Barnes & Noble lowered the retail prices of its Nook Tablets; the prices of the Nook Color and 8 GB Nook Tablet were cut by $20 to $149 and $179, respectively, while the 16 GB model of the Nook Tablet received a $50 price reduction from its previous retail price of $249.
According to gadget site Tom's Hardware, 3–4 million units were expected to sell in 2012, which would account for most of the six million tablets Asus was expecting to sell for the year. Other sources estimated that 6–8 million units of the tablet would be shipped before the year's end. Google initially expected to sell 3 million units of the Nexus 7 by the end of 2012, but Forrester Research estimates that Google met this sales target in mid-October 2012. Asus CFO David Chang said that by October, sales of the Nexus 7 had approached 1 million units per month. In light of Google not releasing official sales figures, mobile industry analyst Benedict Evans estimated that the device most likely sold between 4.5 and 4.6 million units in 2012. According to Carphone Warehouse, the Nexus 7 is the UK retailer's highest-selling Android tablet.
Following the 2012 holiday season, analytics company Localytics reported that the Nexus 7 accounted for 8% of the global Android tablet market share, based on estimates of app installations. This places it fourth among Android tablets, trailing the Kindle Fire (33%), Nook (10%), and Samsung Galaxy (9%) lines. A survey conducted by market research firm BCN in December 2012 found that the Nexus 7 had the largest tablet market share in Japan at 44.4% versus the iPads' combined market share of 40.1%. The survey cited factors such as price and consumer savvy. In July 2013, during the announcement of the second generation Nexus 7, Google executive Sundar Pichai said that over 70 million Android tablets had been activated and that the first-generation Nexus 7 comprised about 10 percent of those devices (7 million units).
Accolades.
In 2012, the Nexus 7 won "T3"s "Gadget of the Year" award, beating rival Apple's iPhone 4S, Sony's PlayStation Vita, OnLive, and others. It also won "Tablet of the Year" in the same awards ceremony, beating Apple's new iPad, Sony's Tablet S, Samsung's Galaxy Tab 8.9, and others. CNET named the Nexus 7 the third-best tech product and the fourth-most influential tech product of 2012. At the presentation of the Global Mobile Awards at the 2013 GSMA Mobile World Congress, the Nexus 7 received the award for "Best Mobile Tablet".

</doc>
<doc id="36691432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691432" title="Norddeutsche Bank">
Norddeutsche Bank

The Norddeutsche Bank was a German bank that existed from 1856 to 1929. It was established by Berenberg Bank, H.J. Merck & Co. and the bank house of Salomon Heine as the first joint-stock bank in northern Germany, becoming the largest bank in Hamburg. In 1895 it was merged with the Disconto-Gesellschaft, but the two banks continued to operate separately. In 1929 both the Norddeutsche Bank and the Disconto-Gesellschaft were merged into Deutsche Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="36691481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691481" title="Kyu Won Han">
Kyu Won Han

Kyu-Won Han is a Korean-American baritone who has had an active international opera career for the last two decades.
Life and career.
Kyu-Won Han was born in Seoul, South Korea in 1972.
After receiving his Bachelor and Master of Music degrees from the Manhattan School of Music, Han made his debut in 1999 as Masetto in "Don Giovanni" at the San Francisco Opera. An alumnus of its prestigious Adler Fellowship Program and the Merola Opera Program, he also featured in "Turandot", "Carmen" and "Madame Butterfly" among others. In 2001 Han made his European debut as Ping in the Opera National du Rhin production of "Turandot"; he appeared as Papageno in "Die Zauberflote" with the New National Theater of Tokyo. His recent performances include the role of "Figaro" in the Opera National de Bordeaux production of "Barber of Seville" and double roles as Yamadori and Sharpless in "Madame Butterfly" at the Hyogo Performing Arts Center. Han is also active on the concert stage, and his credits include Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, Handel's Messiah, and Mahler's Eighth Symphony, Mendelssohn's "Elijah", "Carmina Burana" among numerous others. He is the recipient of many awards that include the Belvedere Competition, the Oratorio Society Competition, the Licia Albanese/ Puccini Competition, and the Di Capo Opera Competition to name a few. Han also released his debut CD, "Questo Amor", from Avex Classics.
He also sings "Nim Ui No Rae", main theme from the Korean TV Drama "King Sejong the Great".
References.
http://www.thestage.co.uk/reviews/review.php/33561/mae-naak

</doc>
<doc id="36691492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691492" title="Hat Yai Junction Railway Station">
Hat Yai Junction Railway Station

Hat Yai Junction is an international railway junction and a Class 1 Railway Station for the State Railway of Thailand located in the centre of Hat Yai City, Songkhla. It serves as a junction for the mainline Southern Line towards Pattani, Yala and Sungai Kolok (border point with Malaysia at Rantau Panjang)
and the Butterworth, Kuala Lumpur and Singapore Line (border point with Malaysia at Padang Besar). The station also includes a large locomotive depot adjacent to the station.
In the past, people travelling in the South mainly used trains as the mode of transportation, and Hat Yai Junction, being an important place itself, helped Hat Yai's Economic Boom causing expansions and increased investments until today, in which the city is larger than the capital of the province Songkhla.
History.
Originally, the station was named U-Taphao Junction and was located to the north of the current station. It also served as a junction for the Hat Yai-Songkhla Line. However, the junction often got hit by floods therefore got moved to the present location, as Hat Yai Junction. Later, the service and line from Hat Yai to Songkhla City closed down in 1978, leaving the junction to be only for the mainline to Sungai-Kolok and the branch to Butterworth.
Since the start of 2013, there have been plans to rebuild the line back to Songkhla City.
Train Services.
There are 24 trains serving Hat Yai Junction daily, 12 each way. All types of trains must stop at this station. The trains are of the following:
Super Express 35 Bangkok-Butterworth
Super Express 36 Butterworth-Bangkok
Super Express 37 Bangkok-Sungai Kolok
Super Express 38 Sungai Kolok-Bangkok
Super Express 41 Bangkok-Yala
Super Express 42 Yala-Bangkok
Rapid 169 Bangkok-Yala
Rapid 170 Yala-Bangkok
Rapid 171 Bangkok-Sungai Kolok
Rapid 172 Sungai Kolok-Bangkok
Local 445 Chumphon-Hat Yai
Local 446 Hat Yai-Chumphon
Local 447 Surat Thani-Sungai Kolok
Local 448 Sungai Kolok-Surat Thani
Local 451 Nakhon Sri Thammarat-Sungai Kolok
Local 452 Sungai Kolok-Nakhon Sri Thammarat
Local 455 Nakhon Sri Thammarat-Yala
Local 456 Yala-Nakhon Sri Thamamarat
Local 463 Phatthalung-Sungai Kolok
Local 464 Sungai Kolok-Phathalung
International Express 953 Hat Yai-Kuala Lumpur
International Express 954 Kuala Lumpur-Hat Yai
Terrorist Attacks.
Hat Yai Junction has been a target for the "Land Separation Movement" and part of the Southern Thailand Conflicts and Violence.
29 June 1977- Civilian-made Bomb, 14 injured
7 August 1977- Civilian-made Bomb on Hat Yai-Bangkok Train
1989- 2 bombs, 7 dead
7 May 2001- Civilian-made Bomb, 4 dead including a 5-year old boy.
References.
www.railway.co.th
www.rotfaithai.com
http://www.thaipost.net/index.asp?bk=thaipost&post_date=10/Apr/2544&news_id=30839&cat_id=501
www.tjanews.org

</doc>
<doc id="36691493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691493" title="Spirit Fiction">
Spirit Fiction

Spirit Fiction is a sixth solo album by jazz saxophonist Ravi Coltrane, released on July 19, 2012.
Track listing.
All compositions by Ravi Coltrane, except where noted

</doc>
<doc id="36691501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691501" title="RStudio">
RStudio

RStudio is a free and open source integrated development environment (IDE) for R, a programming language for statistical computing and graphics.
RStudio is available in two editions: RStudio Desktop, where the program is run locally as a regular desktop application; and RStudio Server, which allows accessing RStudio using a web browser while it is running on a remote Linux server. Prepackaged distributions of RStudio Desktop are available for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux.
RStudio is written in the C++ programming language and uses the Qt framework for its graphical user interface.

</doc>
<doc id="36691503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691503" title="2013 Masters Tournament">
2013 Masters Tournament

The 2013 Masters Tournament was the 77th edition of the Masters Tournament and the first of golf's four major championships to be held in 2013. It was held from April 11–14 at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia. Adam Scott won the tournament on the second hole of a sudden death playoff against Ángel Cabrera. It was Scott's first major championship and the first time an Australian won the Masters. Scott's win received some controversy as he won using a belly putter, being the first Master's winner to do so.
Field.
The Masters has the smallest field of the four major championships. Officially, the Masters remains an invitation event, but there is a set of qualifying criteria that determines who is included in the field. Each player is classified according to the first category by which he qualified, with other categories in which he qualified shown in parentheses.
Golfers who qualify based solely on their performance in amateur tournaments (categories 6–10) must remain amateurs on the starting day of the tournament to be eligible to play.
Four players were appearing in their first major: Steven Fox, Michael Weaver, Guan Tianlang and T. J. Vogel. Thirteen others were appearing in their first Masters: Alan Dunbar, John Peterson, David Lynn, John Huh, Scott Piercy, Russell Henley, Ted Potter, Jr., George Coetzee, Nicolas Colsaerts, Jamie Donaldson, Branden Grace, Thorbjørn Olesen, Thaworn Wiratchant.
1. Past Masters Champions<br>
Ángel Cabrera, Fred Couples (11), Ben Crenshaw, Trevor Immelman, Zach Johnson (15,16,17,18,19), Bernhard Langer, Sandy Lyle, Phil Mickelson (11,15,16,17,18,19), Larry Mize, José María Olazábal, Mark O'Meara, Charl Schwartzel (18,19), Vijay Singh, Craig Stadler, Bubba Watson (11,15,17,18,19), Tom Watson, Mike Weir, Tiger Woods (2,13,15,16,17,18,19), Ian Woosnam
2. Last five U.S. Open Champions<br>
Lucas Glover, Graeme McDowell (11,12,18,19), Rory McIlroy (4,14,15,16,17,18,19), Webb Simpson (12,15,17,18,19)
3. Last five British Open Champions<br>
Stewart Cink, Ernie Els (13,15,17,18,19), Pádraig Harrington (4,11,12), Louis Oosthuizen (11,15,17,18,19)
4. Last five PGA Champions<br>
Keegan Bradley (14,15,16,17,18,19), Martin Kaymer (18,19), Y. E. Yang
5. Last three winners of The Players Championship<br>
K. J. Choi (18), Tim Clark, Matt Kuchar (11,15,16,17,18,19)
6. Top two finishers in the 2012 U.S. Amateur<br>
Steven Fox, Michael Weaver
7. Winner of the 2012 Amateur Championship<br>
Alan Dunbar
8. Winner of the 2012 Asia-Pacific Amateur Championship<br>
Guan Tianlang
9. Winner of the 2012 U.S. Amateur Public Links<br>
T. J. Vogel
10. Winner of the 2012 U.S. Mid-Amateur<br>
Nathan Smith
11. The top 16 finishers and ties in the 2012 Masters Tournament<br>
Jim Furyk (12,15,17,18,19), Sergio García (15,16,17,18,19), Peter Hanson (18,19), Hunter Mahan (15,17,18,19), Kevin Na, Ian Poulter (14,18,19), Justin Rose (14,15,17,18,19), Adam Scott (13,15,17,18,19), Lee Westwood (15,17,18,19)
12. Top 8 finishers and ties in the 2012 U.S. Open<br>
Jason Dufner (15,16,17,18,19), John Peterson, Michael Thompson (16,19), David Toms (18)
13. Top 4 finishers and ties in the 2012 British Open Championship<br>
Brandt Snedeker (15,16,17,18,19)
14. Top 4 finishers and ties in the 2012 PGA Championship<br>
David Lynn (18), Carl Pettersson (15,16,17,18,19)
15. Top 30 leaders on the 2012 PGA Tour official money earnings list<br>
Ben Curtis (16), Luke Donald (17,18,19), Rickie Fowler (16,17,18,19), Robert Garrigus (17,18,19), John Huh (17), Dustin Johnson (16,17,18,19), Ryan Moore (17,18,19), Scott Piercy (16,17,18,19), Steve Stricker (17,18,19), Bo Van Pelt (17,18,19), Nick Watney (16,17,18,19)
16. Winners of PGA Tour events that award a full-point allocation for the season-ending Tour Championship, between the 2012 Masters Tournament and the 2013 Masters Tournament<br>
Brian Gay, Russell Henley (19), Martin Laird, Marc Leishman, John Merrick, D. A. Points, Ted Potter, Jr., Kevin Streelman
17. All players qualifying for the 2012 edition of The Tour Championship<br>
John Senden (18,19)
18. Top 50 on the final 2012 Official World Golf Ranking list<br>
Thomas Bjørn, George Coetzee (19), Nicolas Colsaerts (19), Jason Day (19), Jamie Donaldson (19), Gonzalo Fernández-Castaño (19), Hiroyuki Fujita, Branden Grace (19), Bill Haas (19), Paul Lawrie (19), Matteo Manassero (19), Francesco Molinari (19), Thorbjørn Olesen (19)
19. Top 50 on the Official World Golf Ranking list on March 31, 2013<br>
Fredrik Jacobson, Henrik Stenson, Richard Sterne
20. International invitees<br>
Ryo Ishikawa, Thaworn Wiratchant
First round.
"Thursday, April 11, 2013"
Second round.
"Friday, April 12, 2013"
For 2013 the minimum number of players making the cut was increased from 44 to 50. In addition, all players within 10 shots of the leader also make the cut. 61 players made the cut, all those within 10 shots of the leader. 14-year old Guan Tianlang, playing in his first Masters, was the only amateur player to make the cut, despite being penalized a stroke for slow play.
Amateurs: "Guan (+4)", Vogel (+8), Weaver (+8), Smith (+11), Fox (+13), Dunbar (+16).
Third round.
"Saturday, April 13, 2013"
After his second round, Tiger Woods signed for a score of 71 (−1), which included a bogey at the par-5 15th hole. Woods' third shot hit the pin and rebounded into a water hazard. He took a penalty stroke and dropped from the same position as he had played his third shot. Woods later admitted that he had actually dropped the ball two yards further from the pin than the original position, in contravention of the rules. This could have meant disqualification, but after further review, Woods was assessed a two-stroke penalty for the illegal drop. He therefore scored a triple-bogey 8 at the 15th and had a second round score of 73 (+1).
Final round.
"Sunday, April 14, 2013"
In the final round, played in a cold and steady rain, third round co-leader Brandt Snedeker fell out of contention with a 75. Jason Day had the lead with three holes to go but bogeyed the 16th and 17th holes to finish in third place at 281 (−7). Adam Scott and Ángel Cabrera both birdied the 72nd hole to finish tied for the lead at 279 (−9). Scott rolled in a 25-footer (8 m), while Cabrera followed up with an approach shot to 3 feet.
The sudden-death playoff began at the 18th hole, where Scott and Cabrera both scrambled for par from just short of the green, with Cabrera's chip nearly holing out. At the next hole, #10, both were in the fairway then on the green in regulation. Cabrera's lengthy putt just missed and he tapped in for par. With the opportunity to win and in fading light, Scott sank his birdie putt for the victory. It was Scott's first major championship and the only time an Australian has won the Masters, after producing nine runners-up in the tournament. Following his victory, he paid tribute to Greg Norman: "It was one guy who inspired a nation of golfers, and that is Greg Norman". Earlier that day, Norman said that if an Australian won the title "it would mean everything to ".
Amateurs: Guan (+12)
Scorecard.
"Final round"
"Cumulative tournament scores, relative to par"<br>
Source:
Playoff.
The sudden-death playoff began on the 18th hole and ended on the 10th hole.
Scorecard.
"Playoff"
"Cumulative sudden-death playoff scores, relative to par"<br>
Source:-->

</doc>
<doc id="36691533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691533" title="NED Foundation Higher Secondary School">
NED Foundation Higher Secondary School

The NED Foundation Higher Secondary School is a local, private school in Bihar Colony. This school was established on 6 August 1989 and offers preschool, primary education, secondary education and Higher education. The school building has over 6 floors, and approximately 27 class rooms. About a thousand of students attend the institute, with more than a hundred boys and girls passing the Examination of HSSC every year with high marks. Separate class arrangements are made for the boys and girls at this school. official fan page.

</doc>
<doc id="36691554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691554" title="Animal Management in Rural and Remote Indigenous Communities">
Animal Management in Rural and Remote Indigenous Communities

Animal Management in Rural and Remote Indigenous Communities (AMRRIC) is an Australian organisation that works alongside Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples to coordinate and facilitate sustainable, culturally-sensitive, professional animal health programs. AMRRIC supports desexing and dog health programs to improve the situation for dogs, their owners and communities on the whole. By improving the health and welfare of companion animals in a community, AMRRIC’s animal health programs contribute to improved community health.
AMRRIC works with a range of stakeholders and partners, it trains locally employed Animal Management Workers, provides education programs and supports research into disease and disease prevention.
AMRRIC is a non-profit organisation that is based in Darwin and works nationally across Australia. AMRRIC receives funding from the Australian Federal Government, Department of Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs and from the Northern Territory Government. The organisation is not entirely government funded and it seeks private and philanthropic donations.
Activities.
AMRRIC is an independent organisation working in all areas of animal management in remote communities, including dog health and welfare, policy, research, education and capacity building. AMRRIC runs programs which address animal management in a way which is sustainable, culturally sensitive and agreed upon by all parties.
AMRRIC has a range of programs and projects they include: 
Understanding the issues.
Living conditions in remote Indigenous communities across Australia impact on animal and human health. There are many challenges when managing large dog populations within poorly resourced Indigenous communities. The impact of dog health on the human community is evidenced in the zoonotic diseases passed from animals to humans. In some Indigenous communities in Western Australia gastrointestinal diseases are a major problem in young children. In Western Australia, hospitalisation for gastroenteritis was 7 times higher in Aboriginal children than Non-Aboriginal children.
Dogs have always been part of Indigenous communities in Australia and have many roles including, hunters, companions and guard dogs. Although beliefs about the spiritual significance of dogs vary in from community to community, dogs occupy an important place in culture and the community. It is essential to understand the strong cultural tradition of living with companion animals when developing and delivering animal health and management programs.
The problem of unmanaged dogs.
When there is no veterinary services available to a remote community, large unmanaged populations of dogs flourish. These are some of the problem associated with unmanaged dog populations:

</doc>
<doc id="36691584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691584" title="Bygholm Castle">
Bygholm Castle

Bygholm Castle is a former royal castle and manor house located just south of Horsens, Denmark. It traces its history back to 1313 but the current Baroque buildings date from 1775. Owned by Horsens Municipality, the main building is now run as a hotel while the associated land is a public park and used as fair grounds.
History.
Bygholm Castle was originally founded in 1313 upon orders from King Eric VI Menved following a revolt among peasants in Jutland.
The castle was run by a vassal ("lensmand"). The most famous of these to reside at Bygholm was Erik Lange, who belonged to the circle around Tycho Brahe but experienced economic ruin, experimented with alchemy and left Bygholm in a state of neglect. As a result, and possibly after a fire in the beginning of the 17th century, later vassals preferred to reside at nearby Stjernholm and the name of the fee was changed accordingly.
In 1661, Frederick III ceded the estate to Peder von Ufelen from Hamburg. In 1670 he sold it to Joachim Werner Bülow, who rebuilt Bygholm and returned it to its former state of a manor.
Horsens Municipality acquired the estate in 1918.
Architecture.
The current main building was built in 1775 to a symmetrical Baroque design by Andreas Møller. It consists of a one-storey main wing with a three-bay central projection, flanked by two lower L-sjaped lateral wings. It was listed by the Danish Heritage Agency in 1984.
The farm buildings are of somewhat younger origins and are not listed.
Bygholm today.
The main building is now run as a hotel (Scandic Bygholm Park). The park is open to the public and used for fairs and other events.
The farm buildings contain the Bygholm Research Centre, Department of Agricultural Technologies, part of Aarhus University.

</doc>
<doc id="36691624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691624" title="WHFS">
WHFS

WHFS may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="36691643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691643" title="Chisato Nagaoka">
Chisato Nagaoka

She, along with Manami Hino, was the first Japanese women's pair to participate in the bobsleigh events in the Winter Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36691645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691645" title="Kurjer Lubelski">
Kurjer Lubelski

Kurjer Lubelski ("The Lublin Courier"; for part of its history the two letters U in an all-caps masthead appeared in pointed form: "KVRJER LVBELSKI") is an historical newspaper that was published discontinuously in five distinct phases between 1865 and 1937 in the city of Lublin. The publication has considerable historical significance on account of its association with many personages of Polish literature, and for other reasons, including the publication in its pages of considerable amount of literary material in addition to daily news. The newspaper (esp. in its second phase) was responsible for bringing about a national awakening during the period of Partitions not only in the Lublin Lands but in the whole country. The (freethinking) journal "Myśl Niepodległa", edited by the poet Andrzej Niemojewski, wrote in 1910 of the "Kurjer Lubelski" that despite the vagaries of fate that its publication was subject to over the years it had arisen from "a certain cultural "milieu" to which it has consistently borne spiritual witness".
Disambiguation: The "Kurjer Lubelski" is not to be confused with (1) the Communist-era Polish daily newspaper, the "Kurier Lubelski" (with the letter "i" rather than a "j" in the word "kurier"), which began publication in Lublin on 24 March 1957 to which the "Kurjer Lubelski" bears no resemblance except in name. The "Kurjer Lubelski" discussed here is also to be distinguished from several historical publications, including (2) the "Nowy Kurjer Lubelski" ("The New Lublin Courier") published by Franciszek Papiewski in 19131914; and (3) the newspaper of the same title, "Kurjer Lubelski", an economic weekly published in 19151916 by Wanda Papiewska, Jan Hempel and Oktawian Zagrobski (40 issues in all; full title: "Kurjer Lubelski: tygodnik społeczno-ekonomiczny, popularno-naukowy i literacki"), which was (4) subsequently reactivated by Kazimierz Szczepański in 1925 (of the latter series there might have been only one issue published with the date of 25 June 1925).
Publication history.
Precursor phase (18301831).
The original Kuryer Lubelski, the precursor to all its subsequent incarnations, began publication as a "de facto" revolutionary organ that appeared for some 59 days as a four-page daily (no publication on Saturdays) between 9 December 1830 and 5 February 1831 during the November Uprising. The frequency of publication was alternately six numbers a week, three numbers a week, and irregularly. It was printed clandestinely at the (antiquated by the 19th-century standards) Drukarnia Rządowa printing press on handmade paper of inferior quality. Any issue of the original series would constitute at present an extremely rare bibliophile item, with only a handful of known copies (according to some estimates, exactly seventeen in number), of various dates, being preserved in library holdings worldwide. The founder, publisher, editor-in-chief, and primary contributor was Jan Czyński (18011867).
Phase I (18651879) & phase II (19061913).
The modern-era Kurjer Lubelski, without an obvious connection to the original revolutionary broadsheet, commenced publication with the issue of 18 (30) December 1865, with the frequency of publication of two issues per week: it was founded by Julian Konrad Liedtke (18351870). The first publisher of the newspaper was Władysław Jan Kossakowski (18331870), with Liedtke as the first editor-in-chief. The editorship was taken over by Lucjan Dembowski in 1869 (beginning with vol. 4, No. 1), and again in the same year by Władysław Wdowiński (beginning with vol. 4, No. 97). From 1875 onwards the editor-in-chief was Teofil Głębocki. The paper was often published with extra supplements with separate mastheads that read, Dodatek do Nr... Kurjera Lubelskiego ("Supplement to No... of The Kurjer Lubelski"), etc. The frequency (as well as the format) of publication underwent significant variations throughout the newspaper's history, but it was not a daily newspaper (excluding Sundays and bank holidays) until 1878. From 1875 the newspaper appeared without the volume number being indicated in the masthead. In 1879 the publication merged with the "Gazeta Lubelska" and continued publication under the latter title not to be reactivated independently as Kurjer Lubelski until 1906 when this was done on the initiative of Mieczysław Biernacki whose efforts spelled the beginning of a golden age in the newspaper's life. The first issue of the revived "Kurjer Lubelski", published on 4 January 1906 under the editorship of Władysław Stodolnicki, was initially followed by only 15 additional numbers. However, the newspaper survived, rising to the premier position among the press of the Lublin Land, until it was banned by the censorship of the Russian Empire on 27 June 1913. During its second phase the publication was associated with such personages who served on the editorial board as Stefan Żeromski, Witold Chodźko, Mieczysław Biernacki, the well-known physician and social activist Aleksander Staniszewski (18581926), and most memorably the philosopher Jan Hempel (18771937) who acted as secretary to the Board.
Phase III (1914).
In 1914 Mieczysław Biernacki reactivated the banned newspaper under the altered title Codzienny Kurjer Lubelski ("The Daily Lublin Courier"). It ceased publication with the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914.
Phase IV (1932).
The newspaper was yet again revived in independent Poland in 1932, the paper now being published with the subtitle: Kurjer Lubelski: pismo codzienne ("The Lublin Courier: A Daily Newspaper); it managed to stay afloat for less than one year due to financial difficulties caused in part by the loss of government advertising and by the frequent confiscations of whole print runs of individual issues by the Sanacja régime. The editorial board of the "Kurjer Lubelski" was known for its impartiality and tolerance of a broad spectrum of views: the editorial line was to support the government of the day without any political partisanship while at the same time championing the rights of the individual citizen. From 1 January to 11 May 1932 the "Kurjer Lubelski" was being edited and published by the poet Józef Czechowicz, followed in the post of the editor-in-chief by Zygmunt Grochowski, and then again from 15 October 1932 by another poet, Józef Łobodowski, and lastly from 20 November 1932 by Longin Kozłowski. The paper folded after the issue of 30 November 1932. While economically unviable, the publication enjoyed the high reputation stemming from its association in the past with such notable Polish writers as Stefan Żeromski, who had honoured it with his contributions. It had a distinct literary profile during this phase, publishing among others the works of such distinguished poets as Józef Czechowicz, Józef Łobodowski, Franciszka Arnsztajnowa, Bronisław Ludwik Michalski (19031935), Antoni Madej (18991989), Zygmunt Karski (18981967), Czesław Miłosz, and Jadwiga Gamska-Łempicka (19031956), as well as the prose writings by Franciszka Arnsztajnowa (novellas), Marian Piechal (19051989), and Aniela Fleszarowa, the author of "Celofanki: poematy prozą" (1939).
Phase V (1937).
Finally, the paper was briefly revived one last time between 22 March 1937 and 2 April 1937, by Józef Łobodowski, its penultimate editor in the previous phase of 1932, under the unaltered title of Kurjer Lubelski: pismo codzienne. However, it folded after just nine issues owing to the insuperable competition from nationwide newspapers branching out into mass-market regional spinoffs that flooded the Lublin market, making a publication like the "Kurjer Lubelski" targeted as it was primarily to the much smaller intelligentsia segment of the reading public unable to compete with the economies of scale and market dominance of the larger corporates. For reasons not entirely clear, copies of the "Kurjer Lubelski" belonging to the Phase V series are extremely rare, potentially constituting valuable bibliophile items (no copy is known to have been preserved in library holdings anywhere). In his memoirs published towards the end of his life, Łobodowski avowed that during the brief period of the "Kurjer Lubelski"'s revival in 1937 he endeavoured to endue the daily with a strong Promethean current, that is to say to make it an organ "of the struggle to disband the RussianSoviet empire into its constituent parts".

</doc>
<doc id="36691649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691649" title="Joseph Abbott (New South Wales politician)">
Joseph Abbott (New South Wales politician)

Joseph Abbott (1843 – 1903), was a wool-broker and politician in New South Wales.
Abbott was an auctioneer of wool, chief auctioneer and a partner and managing director of Mort & Co. Ltd.
Abbott was elected to the seat of Newtown in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in a by-election in February 1888. Abbott held the seat and won the election in July when the seat was reformed as the Electoral district of Newtown-Camperdown.
Abbott retied from poitics in July 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="36691665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691665" title="Executive Order 10988">
Executive Order 10988

Executive Order 10988 is a United States presidential executive order issued by President John F. Kennedy on January 17, 1962 that recognized the right of federal employees to collective bargaining. This executive order was a breakthrough for public sector workers, who were not protected under the 1935 Wagner Act.
Passage of the executive order forestalled the legislative Rhodes-Johnson Union Recognition bill, which would have given more power to federal employee unions, possibly creating a union shop arrangement. 
Executive Order 10988 was effectively replaced by President Richard Nixon's Executive Order 11491 in 1969.
Contents.
Workers gained the right to join unions and other organizations of workers; however they were not permitted to strike—federal strikes had been explicitly prohibited in 1947 by the Taft-Hartley Act—or to join the leadership of these groups. Until 1978, federal workers had to take unpaid time off to participate in collective bargaining themselves. 
The order in some ways went further than the Wagner Act, instructing agencies to develop informal relationships with employee organizations (so long as they are not corrupt or undemocratic) and not to campaign against them. In fact, the order asks agencies to seek their input with "affirmative willingness". 
However, the order does not require "good faith negotiations", as the Wagner Act does. And because federal workers are not allowed to strike, labor disputes can only legally reach the point of an "impasse". An impasse can be resolved by appeals to mediators, fact-finders, or a higher authority—or it can be ignored by management, and the status quo allowed to continue. 
The order explicitly does not apply to intelligence agencies. It also gives agency heads the right to suspend its rules for operations outside of the United States.
Effect.
Union membership among federal employees increased several times over in the next decade. This effect boosted even longstanding federal unions, such as the National Federation of Federal Employees.
This expansion led President Lyndon B. Johnson to form the Presidential Review Committee on Employee-Management Relations in the Federal Service.
Military.
There had been some history of unionizing in the military before 1961, and when the order was passed around 10% of service members were part of outside organizations. By 1968 these figures had risen: 39% of the Army, 44% of the Air Force, and 53% of the Navy belonged to employee organizations. 
The order yielded many collective bargaining agreements, which have generally provided for arbitration in labor grievances.
Public sector.
Labor historians believe that Executive Order 10988 served as a model for public sector unionism, even for local, municipal and state employees. Membership in AFSCME increased substantially during the 1960s and 1970s, and 22 states legalized collective bargaining for public sector workers. Public sector strikes also increased many times over.

</doc>
<doc id="36691678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691678" title="Blending Times">
Blending Times

Blending Times is Ravi Coltrane's 5th album as a band leader, and second for Savoy Records.
Five of the tracks on this album are group improvisations "conceived and directed by Ravi Coltrane" that don't follow a standard time signature or preset measures lengths, reminiscent of free jazz popularized by Ornette Coleman.
The album's final track, "For Turiya," is a eulogy for Alice Coltrane, Ravi's mother, the wife of John Coltrane and a musician in her own right, who passed away during the album's recording.
Blending Times reached 36 on Billboard's Jazz Albums Chart, his second time making the chart.
Track listing.
All compositions by Ravi Coltrane, except where noted
Recording Notes.
Barcode: 0 805772 500129 

</doc>
<doc id="36691689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691689" title="Edward Rhodes Carswell">
Edward Rhodes Carswell

Edward Rhodes Carswell (1813 – 1862) was a member of the Georgia General Assembly House of Representatives from Jefferson County, Georgia and the father of Confederate States Army Lieutenant Colonel, Georgia militia Brigadier General and Georgia state legislator Reuben Walker Carswell.
Edward Rhodes Carswell was born in Richmond County, Georgia. He was the son of James A. Carswell and Lavinia Rhodes Carswell. He married Mary C. Walker, daughter of Reuben Walker and Martha Jones Evans, on June 13, 1835 in Richmond County, Georgia. Their children were Ella M. Carswell, Reuben Walker Carswell, Mary Evans Carswell, Cornelia Evans Carswell and Martha Rhodes Carswell.
Edward Rhodes Carswell was a farmer and a state representative in the Georgia General Assembly. He died in 1862 in Jefferson County, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="36691701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691701" title="Council Grove Lake">
Council Grove Lake

Council Grove Dam is a dam in Morris County, Kansas, United States.
The earthen dam was completed in 1964 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers with a height of 96 feet and 6500 feet long at its crest. It impounds the Neosho River for flood control and municipal drinking water for Council Grove, Kansas, and is owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers. 
The V-shaped reservoir it creates, Council Grove Lake, has a water surface of 5.1 square miles, a maximum capacity of 346,655 acre-feet, and a normal capacity of 48,665 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing, hunting, boating, camping and hiking. The shore borders Canning Creek Cove Recreation Area, Neosho Park Recreation Area, Richey Cove North Recreation Area and Richey Cove South Recreation Area. 

</doc>
<doc id="36691711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691711" title="Han Jae-suk">
Han Jae-suk

Han Jae-suk (born Han Sang-woo on August 12, 1973) is a South Korean actor. He has starred in a score of television series, notably "All About Eve", "Four Sisters", "Glass Slippers", and "Lobbyist". He has also ventured into the Chinese-language market, getting cast opposite Ruby Lin in "Amor de Tarapaca" and Cecilia Cheung in "Speed Angels".
Personal life.
Han began dating actress Park Sol-mi after they worked together on "Merchant Kim Man-deok" in 2010. They wed at Aston House, Sheraton Grande Walkerhill Hotel in Seoul on April 21, 2013. Park's agency announced in September 2013 that the couple is expecting their first child.
Controversy.
In 2004 Han became involved in a draft-dodging scandal after investigations revealed that he and fellow actors Song Seung-heon and Jang Hyuk paid a broker to help them fail the medical exam and avoid mandatory military service. Amid widespread public condemnation, their exemptions were reversed and they enlisted that year, then were eventually discharged in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36691720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691720" title="Joaquin Mir Trinxet">
Joaquin Mir Trinxet

Juaquin Mir Trinxet (1873 – 1940) was a Catalan Spanish artist. Living through a turbulent time in the history of his native Barcelona, he was known by the color of his paintings.
They helped to define the Catalan art movement known as "modernisme".
Barcelona and Paris.
Mir Trinxet was born in Barcelona in 6 January 1873. His family was from a well-off Catalan family. His pather was representative of foreign firms, some of them from Nuremberg 
Mir studied at the Llotja before joining the Colla del Safrà group with Canals, Nonell, and
Pichot. Thanks to an agreement with, he was able to work as a painter and in
1899 Mir went to Mallorca with Santiago Rusiñol, where he met the mystic Belgian painter William Degouve de
Nuncques, whose work would influence his own. Working in isolated circumstances in Mallorca, Mir painted odd landscapes in which forms and chromatic colors merged. In his first exhibition in Barcelona in 1901, the critical reviews were positive but the public found his paintings difficult to comprehend. He started in Mallorca a solitary artistic process, full of colors without forms, which finished when he suffered an accident in 1905.
In 1913 he returned to more realistic positions, receiving recognision for his work. From this period, his paintings tended to become more mystic, more abstract, and highly colored evocations of nature rather
than topographical scenes.
Among the artists he met in this period of his life, and who influenced him, were Laureà Barrau, Santiago Rusiñol, Eugène Carrière, Pierre Puvis de Chavannes, and Ignacio Zuloaga.
He was one of the rare Spanish painters of the period who did not continue his artistic education in Paris. But he visited regularly Casas and Rusiñol, which lived together at the Moulin de la Galette in Montmartre, along with painter and art critic Miquel Utrillo and the sketch artist Ramon Canudas. Rusiñol chronicled these times in as series of articles "Desde el Molino" ("From the Mill") for "La Vanguardia".
He had not the same influence from the French impressionists as Casas. The style that would become known as "modernisme" had not yet fully come together, but the key people were beginning to know one another, and successful Catalan artists were increasingly coming to identify themselves with Barcelona as much as with Paris.
Meanwhile, the bohemian circle that included Casas and Rusiñol began with greater frequency to organize exhibitions of their own in Barcelona and Sitges. With this increasing activity in Catalonia, he settled more in or around Barcelona.
Mir Trinxet contributed several murals to Casa Trinxet after his trip to Majorca with Santiago Rusiñol, where he met the mystic Belgian painter William Degouve de
Nuncques in 1899, and before his move to Reus. He started his work in the house in 1903 
The personal papers of Joaquim Mir are preserved in the Biblioteca de Catalunya
Mir Trinxet Private Art Manifiesto.
"All I want is for my works to lighten the heart and flood the eyes and the soul with light." This was how Mir Trinxet summed up his private art manifesto in 1928.
Colour and light meant everything to Mir, and he used them to build a personal idiom in which he created a surprisingly modern oeuvre, beyond the art movements like Impressionism or Symbolism with which critics have often sought to associate him. Although his artistic development varied between realism and abstraction, two features crop up throughout his entire output: the urge to establish a new vision of nature and an unremitting search for beauty marked by genuine creative tension.
His artistic work.
Mir Trinxet painted landscapes in Tarragona and Majorca (perhaps his best known works, and certainly the ones that contributed most to create the myth of the artist that merged with nature and lost himself in a delirium of light and colour). In his late works created in Vilanova i la Geltrú, Mir Trinxet intensified the realist side of his work. He also produced works during his campaigns in places like Andorra, Montserrat, Miravet and Gualba.
Casa Trinxet.
Special consideration has the major works for the Casa Trinxet in Barcelona, in which Mir Trinxet captured his total conception of the landscape.
Casa Trinxet was a building designed by the Catalan architect of the Catalan Modernism Josep Puig i Cadafalch and built during the years 1902–1904, in the "Eixample" district of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. Casa Trinxet was “one of the jewels of Barcelona Modernisme” and one of the buildings of Barcelona's Illa de la Discòrdia ("Block of Discord"), because of the competing attitude among Domènech i Montaner, Puig i Cadafalch and Antoni Gaudí.
The building was commissioned by Avelino Trinxet Casas, Mir Trinxet’s Uncle, which belonged to the textile industrial family Trinxet, from Barcelona. Avelino Trinxet was also the owner of the Trinxet fabric, build in 1907 by Joan Alsina i Arús en Can Trinxet, in Hospitalet, near Barcelona, in a modernist fashion.
Mir Trinxet’s style is curious in this house, paint impressionistically scattered, oppose to his other work that is decidedly less fragmented. It is a blur of colored vision, a haze of dots that travel across the eye. In the house, Mir Trinxet use a technique that gives the painting a mysticism, an almost magical luminosity, as flowers glow as orange and yellow lamps on a bed of lush green. Here we have all the warmth and freshness of a garden, intensity provided in colored blooms, and dew that clings to leaves and grass seeped into a crisp pale green. It is a painting that transports its viewer, absorbs them into an atmosphere, fitting for a mural, which has the power to change the room it commands.
These mural paintings were the most artistic period of Mir Trinxet.
He showed his interest for the decorativisme in his work for Casa Trinxet.
The vidres were made in picture-style appearance, like the commissioned by Trinxet to the Rigalt, Granell y Cía. firm in 1910-1912, following instructions from Joaquín Mir Trinxet.
The Casa Trinxet was demolished in 1968 despite attempts by artists and intellectuals to save it for conversion into a museum of Modernism, in the period of Porcioles council, for the builders Nuñez i Navarro.
Lastly movements were late to save Casa Trinxet 
Impressionist, landscape artist.
It is true that the range of colours in his palette coincided with the one the Impressionists used; he also coincided with them in excluding the colour black, using a host of combinations to paint shadow. But Mir used these technical resources to create a world of his own, a new landscape. Rather than assimilate and reproduce the theories predominating at the time, his work developed more out of an inner need brought into being by his idiosyncratic way of looking at nature and light.
Essentially, Mir was a landscape artist who took the landscape into a new, as yet unknown dimension. To do so, he played with and revamped a broad range of complementary colours. This is the key to the power of colour in Mir’s painting and the tool that enabled him to structure his works on colour rather than form, imbuing his landscapes with genuine soul.
His style was followed by Salvador Masana.
Mir Trinxet as a film director.
There is a great audiovisual work, which, under the title Mir’s moving eye, presents his activities as an amateur film director for the first time. Now in the artist’s son’s collection, the films were shot between 1930 and 1936, as his life drew to a close. With this tool, viewers will also have a chance to see what life was like in the Mir family and compare real scenes with the results in his works.
Catalan modernism.
In January 2011, the Fondation de l’Hermitage in Lausanne organized a major exhibition
devoted to Spanish art at the dawn of the 20th century. Focusing on painters of “The
Generation of 1898” who emerged from the severe upheavals endured by Spain throughout
the 19th century, the exhibition highlights how these artists evolved. Oscillating between
respect for Hispanic traditions and modernity, their works were part of the contemporary
surge to broaden horizons that arose among the Spanish avant-garde. The Fondation de l’Hermitage selected several works of Juaquin Mir Trinxet.
According to the Fondation: "The painters who pushed and cajoled Spain into the modern era in
art are hardly familiar names outside Spain: Bereute, Santiago Rusiñol, Casas, Anglada, Pinazo, Juaquin Mir Trinxet, Regoyos, and many others, are all but forgotten figures outside of Spain who nevertheless decidedly contributed to the character of Spanish painting at the dawn of the 20th century".
Els Quatre Gats.
The emerging "modernista" art world gained a center with the opening of "Els Quatre Gats", a bar modeled on "Le Chat Noir" in Paris. Casas largely financed this bar on the ground floor of Casa Martí, a building by Architect Josep Puig i Cadafalch, the designer of Casa Trinxet, in Montsió Street near the center of Barcelona; it opened in June 1897 and lasted for six years (and was later reconstructed in 1978). The bar hosted tertulias and revolving art exhibits, including one of the first one-man shows by Pablo Picasso.
Like "Le Chat Noir", "Els Quatre Gats" attempted its own literary and artistic magazine. That was short-lived, but was soon followed by "Pèl & Ploma", which would slightly outlast the bar itself, and "Forma" (1904–1908). "Pèl & Ploma" sponsored several prominent art exhibitions.
It is not clear if Mir Trinxet was a frequent or infrequent habitué of El Quatre Gats, where he met many of the modernist painters.
Mir Trinxet, sometimes, like Casas, adopted the "art nouveau" style that would come to define "modernisme".

</doc>
<doc id="36691776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691776" title="José Damen">
José Damen

Josina Regina Adriana Antonia Maria "José" Damen (born 12 November 1959 in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant) is a former butterfly swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada. She was eliminated in the preliminaries for 100m and 200m butterfly. With the Dutch relay team, Edelijn ended up in fifth place in the 4x100m medley, alongside Wijda Mazereeuw (breaststroke), Diane Edelijn (backstroke), Enith Brigitha (freestyle) and Ineke Ran (freestyle preliminaries). Damen was also part of the Dutch medley team at the 1975 World Aquatics Championships in Cali and won a bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36691783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691783" title="Romantic Heaven">
Romantic Heaven

Romantic Heaven () is a 2011 South Korean melodrama about fate, love, loss, and redemption.
Though the premise is sentimental, dealing with a variety of characters and their relationships in both life and the afterlife, it is very much in line with writer-director Jang Jin's previous works, combining elements of several different genres, including romance, comedy, drama, ghost and even police thriller into an eccentric, playful and imaginative film.
Plot.
Three seemingly disconnected people cross paths at a hospital: Part one, "Mom," focuses on the character of Mimi, whose mother is battling cancer, and needs a bone marrow transplant if she is to have any hope of surviving. With great difficulty, doctors identify a potential donor, but then the man goes into flight after being accused of murder. Hoping to find him, Mimi becomes acquainted with the police detectives assigned to his case. Part two, "Wife," concerns a lawyer named Min-gyu who has recently lost his spouse. Amidst his grief, he is distracted by the fact that he can't find a bag that she had brought with her to the hospital, and which contained her personal diary. In the meantime, he is visited by an ex-convict who has a score to settle. Part three, "Girl," focuses on Ji-wook, a taxi driver whose grandfather is on the verge of death. One day his grandmother tells him that for all of his life, her husband has been unable to forget a young woman he met in his youth. It is in part four, "Romantic Heaven," that the various threads are brought together and ultimately resolved. As fate would have it, their counterparts are gazing down upon their loved ones from heaven, dealing with their own version of remorse and regret.

</doc>
<doc id="36691790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691790" title="Decapoint">
Decapoint

Decapoint, or "raphigraphy", was a tactile form of the Latin script invented by Louis Braille as a system that could be used by both the blind and sighted. It was published in 1839. Letters retained their linear form, and so were legible without training to the sighted, but the lines were composed of embossed with dots like those used in braille. Each letter contained 10 dots in the height and different dots in the width to produce the graphic form of print.
The reason for the development of this writing was the fact that relatives of the students could not read Braille.
These letters were not easy for the blind to write because of their height of ten dots despite grid. It therefore did not take long the blind friend of Louis Braille Pierre François Victor Foucault in 1841 was built the first apparatus, the Raphigraph, which could push all the points of one column of characters at the same time into the paper. This font was now named Raphigraphy (Raphigrafie or Raphigraphie).
When the first typewriters were invented, they repressed quickly the complicated Raphigraphy or Decapoint, despite the impossibility for the blind to read the writing of typewriters. And so the Decapoint or Raphigraphy fell into oblivion, but it was the first digital font of Latin letters ever.

</doc>
<doc id="36691818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691818" title="David de Freitas">
David de Freitas

David de Freitas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36691831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691831" title="Samantha Henry-Robinson">
Samantha Henry-Robinson

Samantha Henry-Robinson (born 25 September 1988) is a Jamaican sprinter. She won a silver medal in the 4x100 relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where she competed in the heats but not the final. Henry-Robinson was born in Kingston, Jamaica.
Silver medalist in the 100m at the 2010 NACAC U 23 championships in miramar, FL.

</doc>
<doc id="36691835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691835" title="1980–81 Arsenal F.C. season">
1980–81 Arsenal F.C. season


</doc>
<doc id="36691847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691847" title="Kang Ju-ho">
Kang Ju-ho

Kang Ju-Ho (; born 26 March 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chungju Hummel in the K League Challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="36691860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691860" title="Anjan Das">
Anjan Das

Anjan Das (13 June 1951 – 2 June 2014) was an Indian film director.
Career.
Das started his film career in the mid-1970s with two documentaries named "The Art of Anant Malakar" and "Tripura". His first feature was "Sainik" ("Soldier"). The film was shown in various international film festivals including Berlin in 1976. Other notable ones were Mannheim, Tehran, Cracow, Mongolia, and Yugoslavia and it was invited to San Remo Film Competition in Italy.
In 2001, he made the feature film "Saanjhbatir Rupkathara" (Strokes and Silhouettes), which was picked up by Columbia Tristar for distribution. The film was showcased at several international film festivals including Montreal World film festival, London, Rome, Rotterdam, Edmonton, Madrid, Singapore etc. The film was chosen as one of the seven best films of that year at London. Then came the feature film "Iti Srikanta" ("Yours Truly, Srikanta") which did the usual round of festivals and won a National Award for Best Audiography in 2004. It was shown in the Indian Panorama of International Festival Of India 2004 and was shown in various international film festivals such as Rotterdam, Edinburgh, Brisbane, and Singapore. 
In 2006, he made the film "Faltu" (The Saga of Ranirghat) which also did its usual round of festivals and also got A National Award for The Best Feature Film On Welfare. In 2007, he made "Jara Brishtitey Bhije Chilo" ("Drenched in the ...Rain"), for which he won teh Special Director's Award at Almaty, Kazakhstan, and two awards from Madrid, Spain - Best Actress and Jury Special Award for The Director. This film also was an entry in the Indian Panorama of International Film Festival Of India 2007. 
He won 11 Bengal Film Journalists' Association awards for the last three films. He made a documentary on the rebel poet Kazi Nazrul Islam, produced by the Ministry of External Affairs, government of India and was inaugurated by the External Affairs minister, Pranab Mukherjee at a function at Habitat Centre, New Delhi. 

</doc>
<doc id="36691866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691866" title="Excoecaria cochinchinensis">
Excoecaria cochinchinensis

Excoecaria cochinchinensis ("Chinese croton", "Blindness tree", "Buta Buta", "Jungle Fire plant") is a species of plant in the genus Excoecaria, which is a member of the family Euphorbiaceae. It is native to Southeast Asia and China. It is a subtropical evergreen shrub with a woody stem, growing up to 1–2 meters (3.3–6.6 ft) high. Its leaves are opposite, their texture shiny and papery, the upper surface dark green or variegated and the underside a deep maroon. The leaves measure 6–14 cm by 2–4 cm (2.4–5.5 in by 0.8–1.6 in).
Name.
The common name of Blindness tree comes from Latin, "excoecaria", to make blind. Sap in the eyes is reported to causes blindness. The Latin name cochinchinensis derives from Cochinchina, an old name for Vietnam.
Uses.
"Excoecaria cochinchinensis" is cultivated as an ornamental tropical plant, greenhouse plant, or houseplant. A popular colorful cultivar is "Firestorm."
Precautions.
As with many of the Euphorbiaceae, the sap is toxic and can cause skin eczema in some people. It is also toxic if eaten, though in small quantities, it has been used in herbal medicine to treat gastric ulcers.
Though the plant is considered poisonous, it has beneficial uses as an antiparasitic, antipruritic, and haemostatic treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="36691868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691868" title="Anne-Marie Rindom">
Anne-Marie Rindom

Anne-Marie Rindom (born 14 June 1991 in Søllerød) is a Danish sailor. She competed in the Laser Radial class event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where she placed 13th.

</doc>
<doc id="36691872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691872" title="Francis Milner Newton">
Francis Milner Newton

Francis Milner Newton RA (London 1720 – 14 August 1794 London) was an English portrait painter and first secretary of the Royal Academy.
Life.
He became a pupil of Marcus Tuscher, a German artist living in England, and was also a student at Hogarth's St Martin's Lane Academy.
In October 1753 he was one of a group of artists who drew up a prospectus for the establishment of a national academy of art. The plan came to nothing, but in 1755 a committee of artists was formed for a similar purpose, and Newton was appointed secretary, but with no more success. A more successful meeting of artists was held at the Turk's Head tavern on 12 November. 1759, and a committee of sixteen artists was set up, with Newton once again acting as secretary. The following spring, an exhibition organised by the committee was held in the gallery of the Society of Arts in the Strand, to which Newton contributed a portrait. Following disagreements with the Society of Arts, it was decided to hire an auctioneer's rooms in Spring Gardens for the group's second exhibition in 1761. By the time the exhibition came to be held, a schism had taken place among the artists. One faction, exhibiting at Spring Gardens, advertised itself as the "Society of Artists of Great Britain", with Newton named as its secretary. The other faction exhibited at the Society of Arts. Both groups held annual exhibitions over the next few years. In 1765 the Society of Artists of Great Britain obtained a charter becoming "The Incorporated Society of Artists", with Newton still as secretary.
In 1768 a further schism took place within the Incorporated Society, as a result of which Newton and some of its directors, were ejected. The excluded artists formed themselves into a new society, and by obtaining the patronage of the king, George III, brought about the foundation of the Royal Academy of Arts, under the presidency of Sir Joshua Reynolds. Newton was elected their first secretary, a post he held until his resignation in 1788. J.E. Hodgson, a librarian of the academy said of him he was not a great artist, and is absolutely unknown to fame; but he occupied a very honourable position and performed its duties worthily; he lived in stirring times, with great men as his friends and associates; we are bound to respect his memory, and can only regret that we do not know more of him.
He exhibited eight portraits at the academy between 1769 and 1774. His address is given in the catalogues as Mortimer Street in the first year, and Portland Street after that date.
Newton lived at Hammersmith in west London for some years, until inheriting Barton Grange, a property at Corfe belonging to his mother's family, where he lived for the rest of his life. He died there on 14 August 1794, and was buried at Corfe. He left one child, Josepha Sophia.

</doc>
<doc id="36691881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691881" title="Big Brother 2012 (Finland)">
Big Brother 2012 (Finland)

Big Brother 2012 is the eight season of the Finnish reality television series "Big Brother" that premiered on August 28, 2012, on Sub.
Elina Viitanen returned to host the show, but Susanna Laine did not continue. Viitanen left "Big Brother Extra" to host the "Big Brother Talk Show" alone, and new host of "Big Brother Extra" is singer Cristal Snow.
Housemates.
Anne.
Anne Sipolainen (31), Rauma
Iida.
Iida Repo (28), Pirkkala
Ira.
Ira Salin (38), Raisio
Irina.
Irina Bril (42), Hausjärvi
Janita.
Janita Lukkarinen (19), Hyvinkää
Jarno.
Jarno Köntti(27), Kerava
Johanna.
Johanna Pulkkinen (24), Espoo
Jonna A..
Jonna A. Kumpula (21), Härmä
Jonna I..
Jonna I. Saari (27), Kausala
Joni.
Joni Meronen (28), Helsinki
Jouko.
Jouko Näivä (26), Tampere
Katarina.
Katarina Bjurs (26), Helsinki
Leina.
Leina Ogihara (25), Helsinki
Markus.
Markus Väänänen (25), Eno
Milla.
Milla Leinonen (25), Helsinki. Milla is hired by production team as "actress" and in normal life she works as a journalist in gossip magazine 7-päivää.
Pia.
Pia Sarkkinen (31), Lohja
Petteri.
Petteri Koskela (35), Vantaa
Sarah.
Sarah Nousiainen (20), Vaasa
Tea.
Tea Mirhola (19), Helsinki
Teija.
Teija Kurvinen (46), Rovaniemi
Tomi.
Tomi Grönroos (23), Helsinki
Tommi.
Tommi Riihimäri (24), Hämeenlinna

</doc>
<doc id="36691882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691882" title="Nathalie Brugger">
Nathalie Brugger

Nathalie Brugger (born 25 December 1985 in Lausanne) is a Swiss sailor. She competed in the Laser Radial class event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where she placed 14th.

</doc>
<doc id="36691883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691883" title="Mushroom Pictures">
Mushroom Pictures

Mushroom Pictures is an Australian film production and distribution company which is part of the Mushroom Records group.
It was formed in 1993 in association with Regular Records to produce music related documentaries. In 1995 they announced they would enter feature film production.
Its chief executive from 1994 to 2009 was Martin Fabinyi.

</doc>
<doc id="36691889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691889" title="Sridhar Lagadapati">
Sridhar Lagadapati

Sridhar Lagadapati (born 14 June 1968) is the founder and head of Larsco Entertainment, a company based in Hyderabad (Andhra Pradesh, India). Larsco produces Telugu films (under the banner of Ramalakshmi Cine Creations) and content for Television. Sridhar’s wife, Sirisha Lagadapati is the co-founder and partner alongside Sridhar in all aspects of Larsco Entertainment.
Background.
Sridhar Lagadapati was the co-founder of Lanco Infratech Ltd., along with his brothers Rajagopal Lagadapati and Madhusudhan Lagadapati. Lanco is an integrated infrastructure developer with interests in Power, Infrastructure, Construction and Property Development. After Sridhar founded Larsco Entertainment in 2003, he gradually shifted his focus from Lanco Infratech (where he was then the Vice Chairman of the group) to Larsco Entertainment and made his first film in Telugu, "Evadi Gola Vadidi". Today, he is still a key executive and promoter of Lanco Infratech and continues in the capacity of Director in several of Lanco Infratech’s group companies.
Biography.
Sridhar Lagadapati was born in Nellore, Andhra Pradesh (AP)- the youngest sibling among Padma Garlapati the eldest, Rajagopal and Madhusudhan,the youngest but one. His mother Rama Lakshmamma and father Rama Naidu sent him to Vijayawada for his intermediate education at Siddarth Arts College, after he finished his secondary school education from Loyola Public School, Guntur. For his Engineering degree, Sridhar went to Tumkur, Karnataka where he studied at the Siddaganga Institute of Technology. His pursuit of higher education landed in him the US, where he took a Masters in Construction Management from Eastern Michigan University (EMU).
After his return from the USA, Sridhar married Sirisha in 1995. Around this time Sridhar was also appointed Joint Managing Director of Lanco Infratech Limited (formerly Lanco Constructions). Subsequently, Sridhar took lead of the company as its Managing Director and then, as its Vice-Chairman. By 2003, he set up Larsco Entertainment along with Sirisha. He lives in Jubilee Hills at Hyderabad with his wife Sirisha and their two sons Prashant Gaurav and Sahidev Vikram.
Other activities.
Sridhar is an active sports and fitness enthusiast. He is an active tennis player and a keen follower of cricket and golf.
Sridhar is a trustee of Lanco Foundation (Earlier called LIGHT - Lanco Institute of General & Humanitarian Trust), and is the Managing Trustee of Sri Prasahi Charities, a personal charity founded by Sridhar and Sirisha.
Larsco Entertainment.
Sridhar set up Larsco Entertainment with Sirisha in 2003, focusing on contemporary and progressive cinema. It produces movies under the banner of Ramalakshmi Cine Creations with the logo of Mother and Child. Sridhar explains that the logo epitomizes the cinematic contentment that Larsco likes to give to its audience through its audio-visual products. Today, Larsco is considered a successful production house in the Telugu film industry with movies such as "Style" and "Evadi Gola Vaadidi".

</doc>
<doc id="36691892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691892" title="My Autograph">
My Autograph

My Autograph is a 2006 released Kannada film which was directed, produced and enacted by Sudeep. This was his first directorial venture. Along with him, this film starred Meena, Sridevika, Deepu, Rashmi Kulkarni and more.
This film is a remake of superhit Tamil film "Autograph" which starred Cheran and Sneha in lead roles. The songs of the movie became very popular amongst the masses, who found them very inspirational.
Plot.
Almost the entire first half is filled with Shankar’s (Sudeep) childhood and boyhood memories. The girl who first comes into his life is Kamala (Deepu). She simply vanishes from his life after the tearful farewell both bid to each other after High school. This boyhood role is played by an adolescent of that age.
The second episode begins after his father Sriram (Srinivasa Murthy), a postmaster, is transferred to a village in Kerala. Shankar joins a college and gets close to a Malayalee girl named Lathika (Sridevika). He also meets another student Satya (Yathiraj) who turns out to be a Kannada speaking man to his comfort. Satya serves him as a translator, as Shankar does not know the local language. Lathika falls in love with Shankar just like that, for no reason. It is a kind of love at first sight. But that episode ends after her family members interfere and drive the postmaster family out of the village. Lathika is then married off to local young man who set his eyes on her already. There are some skirmishes too.
Shankar then comes back to Karnataka and gets close to yet another girl named Divya (Meena), working in an advertisement agency. Divya, in fact, secures this job for Shankar after seeing him and his friend distributing pamphlets to the passengers in a bus, seeking job opportunities, hoping one of them may help them out in finding a job. Divya does exactly that and her boss gives him job instantly as he says he is impressed by the novel idea of distributing leaflets seeking job. This part of the story is driven to another corner, closing the gap between Shankar and Divya, by bringing into picture her ailing mother who finally dies leaving her daughter alone. This creates an opportunity for her to marry Shankar. But she says she wants to remain just a good friend.
Finally, the film ends with all near and dear coming to Shankar's marriage and wishing him. The film, in fact, opens showing Shankar moving out with wedding cards for this marriage and then going to the other three girls he loved earlier, one after the other, to invite them for his marriage. The rest of the film is his narration of events that took place before the final event was held.
Cast.
Reception.
This film got good response from critics, it completed 175 days and it is declared as superhit.
Awards.
Filmfare Awards South :-

</doc>
<doc id="36691906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691906" title="De Freitas do Amaral">
De Freitas do Amaral

De Freitas do Amaral may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36691926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691926" title="Tatiana Drozdovskaya">
Tatiana Drozdovskaya

Tatiana Drozdovskaya (born 6 December 1978 in Minsk) is a Belarusian sailor. She competed in the Laser Radial class event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where she placed 15th.

</doc>
<doc id="36691938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691938" title="Iti Srikanta">
Iti Srikanta

Iti Srikanta (English title: Your Truly, Srikanta) is a 2004 Bengali period drama film directed by Anjan Das. This film is based on novelist Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay's novel, "Srikanta" (1917) In an interview in 2005, Das, director of the film, told about his depiction of the character Srikanta– "Several films have been made on Srikanta but all these had mainly dealt with specific chapters from Srikanta, the novel. I wanted to present the complete man — his inner conflict and turmoil over the two women in his life, torn between a baiji and a vaishnavi". He also felt, the crisis felt by Srikanta as shown in Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay's novel are still relevant.
This was Soha Ali Khan's debut film, and also of actors, Aparajita Ghosh Das and Bengali film debut of lead actor, Adil Hussain, whose voice was dubbed in the film by Sujan Mukhopadhyay. The film was part of the Indian panorama section at the IFFI in 2004. At the 52nd National Film Awards, Anup Mukhopadhyay was awarded the National Film Award for Best Audiography. also at the 2004 Anandalok Awards, Anjan Das won the award for Best Director.
Plot.
The film is a love triangle between a young man Srikant (Adil Hussain) and two women in his life, Rajalakshmi (Reema Sen) a rich courtesan and Kamalata ( Soha Ali Khan), a vaishnavite living in an ashram.

</doc>
<doc id="36691939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691939" title="Robert Tela">
Robert Tela

Robert Tela is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Tela played for the Enga Mioks and represented Papua New Guinea in four tests between 1995 and 1996.
In 2011 he coached the Enga Tambuaks in the Highlands Zone Rugby Football League challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="36691991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691991" title="Max Tiri">
Max Tiri

Max Tiri is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Tiri played for the Mt Hagen Eagles and represented Papua New Guinea between 1990 and 1996. He captained Papua New Guinea and finished his career having played in 32 tests.
Administration career.
Tiri served as the Highlands region director and on the board of the Papua New Guinea Rugby Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="36691995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691995" title="Srikanta">
Srikanta

Srikanta may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36691996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36691996" title="H. J. Merck &amp; Co.">
H. J. Merck &amp; Co.

H. J. Merck & Co. was a merchant house founded in Hamburg in 1799, that later became one of the largest merchant bankers of Hamburg. The company existed until 1983. It was also involved in shipping, and co-founded the Hamburg America Line (HAPAG) with Berenberg Bank.
The company was founded by Heinrich Johann Merck, who became a Hamburg citizen in 1799.

</doc>
<doc id="36692011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692011" title="Ovide F. Pomerleau">
Ovide F. Pomerleau

Ovide F. Pomerleau (born June 4, 1940) is an American psychologist who pioneered the application of biobehavioral principles in preventive medicine. He is best known for his work on self-management problems and addiction, focusing in particular on the biobehavioral, biological, and genetic bases of tobacco smoking and nicotine dependence.
Biography.
Background and education.
Pomerleau was born and grew up in Waterville, Maine, the son of Ovid Pomerleau, a physician and general surgeon, and Florence Pomerleau. He earned a B.A. (1962) in philosophy from Bowdoin College, followed by a M.S. (1965) in general psychology and Ph.D. (1969) in experimental psychology from Columbia University, where he trained in the laboratory of William N. Schoenfeld. In 1971 he completed postdoctoral training in clinical psychology at Temple University, where he worked with Philip H. Bobrove and Louis C. Harris.
Professional career.
Pomerleau held a faculty appointment in the Temple University Department of Psychiatry from 1969 to 1972. During this time, he and his colleagues designed and tested a token economy at Philadelphia State Hospital at Byberry that extended earlier work on token economies in psychiatric settings by addressing the behavior not only of seriously mentally ill patients but also of paraprofessional staff.
From 1972 to 1979, Pomerleau served on the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania Department of Psychiatry, where in 1973 he and John Paul Brady founded the Center for Behavioral Medicine to develop interventions for weight management and the treatment of smoking and problem drinking, chronic behaviors associated with diminished quality of life, decreased longevity, and pathophysiological damage. The Center for Behavioral Medicine was the first to employ the term “behavioral medicine” to characterize the use of an integrated biological, behavioral, psychological, and social science perspective for understanding illness and health. 
In 1979, Pomerleau joined the faculty of the University of Connecticut Department of Psychiatry, where he collaborated with L. Everett Seyler to demonstrate and quantitate, at the human level, the release of beta-endorphin and other hypophyseal hormones in response to nicotine administration. Because of the role of endogenous opioids in promoting feelings of well-being and euphoria, these findings came under attack by the tobacco industry, which at the time maintained that tobacco was not addictive.
From 1985 until his retirement in 2009, Pomerleau served on the faculty of the University of Michigan Department of Psychiatry and ran the Nicotine Research Laboratory, which conducted research on the subjective, physiological, and biochemical effects of smoking, and on the effects of pharmacological probes and laboratory stressors on measures of nicotine intake and withdrawal. He developed a "sensitivity model" of nicotine addiction based on animal and human research, subsequently supported by observations that pleasurable or euphoric responses to nicotine during early smoking experimentation predict later addiction. He also conducted research on the relationship of smoking and psychiatric disorders, and his team was the first to document and describe the link between smoking and Adult Attention Deficit Disorder. He was an early proponent of the need for measured genetic research on smoking and nicotine addiction.
Personal.
In 1965, Pomerleau married Cynthia Stodola Pomerleau, subsequently his collaborator at the University of Michigan. The couple has two daughters, Julie Pomerleau (born 1968) and Aimée Pomerleau (born 1971).

</doc>
<doc id="36692019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692019" title="Pharantzem">
Pharantzem

Pharantzem, also known as P’arhanjem; Parantzem; Pharandsem; Paranjem and Parandzem of Siwnik’ (Siunik) (, flourished 4th century – died winter 369/370) was an ancient Armenian noblewoman and through marriage was a relation to the Arsacid dynasty of Armenia.
Family & Early Life.
Pharantzem was from the Syunik Province in Armenia. She was the daughter of Andovk also known as Andok or Antiochus who served as a Naxarar of the Siunia Dynasty in the Syunik Province. Through her father, Pharantzem was a descendant of Sisak. Her paternal uncle Valinak Siak c.330, was the first known Naxarar of the Siunia Dynasty in the Syunik Province, while Valinak's successor and brother who was Pharantzem’s father, Andovk served as the Naxarar of Syunik in c.340. Pharantzem’s mother was an unnamed noblewoman from the Mamikonian family and she had at least one known sibling, a brother called Babik (Bagben) who served as a Naxarar of Syunik in 379. Little is known on her early life. Pharantzem was extremely well known for her beauty and modesty.
First Marriage.
Pharantzem in 359 married the Arsacid Prince Gnel. Gnel was the son of the Arsacid Prince Tiridates whose brother was Arsaces II (Arshak II) who ruled as Roman Client King of Armenia from 350 until 368. During the reign of Arsaces II, Gnel was a popular prince in Armenia and could have been seen as a potential successor to his uncle.
Pharantzem’s reputation for her beauty had become renown and widespread to the point as Gnel’s paternal cousin Tirit had become passionately in love with her and desired her to be his wife. Finding a way to plot against his cousin Gnel, Tirit approached their uncle Arsaces II and said to him: “Gnel wants to rule, and to kill you. All the grandees, the Naxarars and the Azats like Gnel and all the Naxarars of the land prefer his lordship over them than yours. Now they say, ‘look and see what you do, king, so that you can save yourself”. Believing the words of Tirit, Arsaces II became agitated and did confirm the statements of Tirit.
Arsaces II from then until Gnel’s death had a grudge against Gnel which he had frequently tried to persecute and plot treachery against him for a long time. From that moment Gnel was on the run with Pharantzem from Arsaces II. Arsaces II did eventually kill Gnel around the time of the festival of Nawasard (which was held in August) as his falsely lured his nephew and Pharantzem into Shahapivan a native camping place of the Arsacids which was below a walled hunting preserve based on a lie that Arsaces II wanted to reconcile with Gnel. When Gnel was captured by Arsaces II’s soldiers he was taken to a nearby hill of the mountain called Lsin where he was executed. After the death and burial of Gnel, Arsaces II issued an order to mourn the death of his nephew which Arsaces II weep and mourn for Gnel greatly while Pharantzem mourned so much for Gnel she tore off her clothes, was screaming and cried so much.
Now Tirit had successfully got rid of his cousin, he was unable to control his lust for Pharantzem. Tirit had sent his messenger to Pharantzem a note reading: “Do not mourn so much, for I am a better man that he was. I loved you and therefore betrayed him to death, so that I could take you in marriage”. In her mourning Pharantzem, raised a protest, pulling out her hair and screaming as she mourned that her husband died because of her. 
When the Armenians in particular Arsaces II heard the cries of Pharantzem, Arsaces II began to realise the plotting of Tirit and the senseless death of Gnel. Arsaces II was stunned in what happened and had regretted in killing Gnel. For a while Arsaces II, didn’t do anything to Tirit. Tirit had sent a message to Arsaces II stating, “King, I want you to order that I be allowed to marry Gnel’s wife”. As Arsaces II heard this he said: “Now I know for sure that what I have heard is accurate. Gnel’s death occurred for his wife”. Arsaces II planned to kill Tirit in return for Gnel’s murder. When Tirit heard this, he was in so much fear for Arsaces II he fled at night. Arsaces II was informed that Tirit had left and ordered his soldiers to find Tirit and kill him. His soldiers found Tirit in the forests in the district of Basen and killed him there.
Second Marriage and Queen of Armenia.
After the death of Tirit, Arsaces II married Pharantzem. Pharantzem married Arsaces II as her second husband. At the same time as Arsaces II had Pharantzem as his wife, he also had another wife, a Greek Cretan noblewoman woman called Olympia, also known as Olympias whom he married before marrying Pharantzem. Olympia the Roman wife of Arsaces II, was given to him as an imperial bride from the Roman emperor Constantius II as Arsaces II was greatly favored by the emperor, who considered him as an ally to Rome. 
Although the Romans considered Olympia as the legitimate wife of Arsaces II, he loved Pharantzem to a degree but Pharantzem loathed Arsaces II saying, “Physically, he is hairy, and his color is dark”. Arsaces II loved Olympia more than Pharantzem. Through marriage to Arsaces II, Pharantzem became an Armenian Queen consort and a very powerful, wealthy and influential woman in Armenian society. 
Sometime after her marriage to Arsaces II, Pharantzem fell pregnant. In 360 Pharantzem bore Arsaces II a son, whom they named Papas (Pap). Papas was the only known child born to Pharantzem and the only known child born to Arsaces II during his Armenian Kingship. Pharantzem was also a stepmother to Anob, as Anob was the first son of Arsaces II born to him from a previous union prior to his Kingship of Armenia. 
As Arsaces II in Persian fashion had more than one wife Pharantzem had a grudge and had a great envy against Olympia. After the birth of her son, Pharantzem plotted to kill Olympia through poison. Pharantzem had arranged for Olympia to be poisoned in 361 administered to her in the Holy Sacrament of communion by a priest from the royal court. Olympia was extremely careful in where she accepted matters of food and drink from as she only accepted food and drink offered to her from her maids. The behaviours, actions of Pharantzem and Arsaces II, in particular the deaths of Gnel, Tirit, Olympia and possibly the prior ruling King of Armenia Tigranes VII (Tiran) had totally outraged the reigning Catholicos St. Nerses I. The church was totally alienated from the royal court of Arsaces II and St. Nerses I was not seen again in the royal court in the lifetime of Arsaces II. Although Pharantzem was hostile to any Sassanid influence from Persia; the actions of Pharantzem towards Olympia had placed Armenian politics unfavorable to Christian interests and she was considered an impious woman. After the death of Olympia, Pharantzem became the Armenian Queen.
In the year 367 or 368 the Sassanid King Shapur II, had turned to treachery to capture Arsaces II as he was taken as a political prisoner by the Sassanid monarch, in which Arsaces II had died in prison. This was a part of Shapur II’s plan to conquer Armenia once and for all, as Shapur II was in military conflict and failed diplomatic treaties with the Roman emperors Jovian and Valens. Shapur II after successfully capturing Arsaces II, he sent his army to invade Armenia.
When the Sassanid army were heading to invade Armenia, Pharantzem and her son, Papas took the Armenian treasury and hid themselves in the fortress of Artogerassa, where the fortress was defended by a troops of Azats. The Armenian invasion was led by Cylaces (also known as Cylax Zig) and Artabanes (also known as Artabnan Karen), two Armenians who defected to Shapur II. Cylaces and Artabanes were also supported by the Armenian nobles Vahan Mamikonian and Meruzhan Artsruni who also defected to Shapur II. Shapur II wanted to suppress Arsacid rule in Armenia and replace the dynasty with Persian administrators and traditional Armenian aristocrat Lords to govern over Armenia.
Pharantzem was able to have initiate negotiations with Cylaces and Artabanes for the surrender of the fortress during that time. Pharantzem appealed to them in the name of her husband. Cylaces and Artabanes defected from Shapur II to Pharantzem in which Papas for his safety was sent to Anatolia to the court of Valens. Papas during his time with Valens was in communication with his mother from the fortress whom he encouraged to await his rescue.
Valens was working to restore Papas to the Arsacid throne and withdraw the army of Shapur II from Armenia. When Shapur II heard of Papas’ restoration to Armenia, instead of going after Papas personally he concentrated in capturing Pharantzem; ending her siege in the fortress of Artogerassa and invading Armenia. The Persian forces that were sent by Shapur II finally conquered Armenia and captured the fortress after two years. Pharantzem bravely defended herself and Armenia for 2 years from Shapur II, which famine and disease had left few survivors out of 11,000 soldiers and 6,000 women who had taken refuge in the fortress.
Pharantzem with the Armenian royal treasure were taken to the palace of Shapur II. Shapur II wanting to humiliate Armenia and the Roman Empire, had Pharantzem given to his soldiers whom they brutally rape until she died. After her death, Papas was restored to his Armenian Kingship by Valens.

</doc>
<doc id="36692037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692037" title="Nande Yer">
Nande Yer

Nande Yer is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Yer played for the Mendi Muruks and represented the Northern Zone in 1991 against the touring Great Britain Lions. He played eleven tests for Papua New Guinea between 1992 and 1996.
In 2001 he served as a selector for the Mendi Muruks.

</doc>
<doc id="36692047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692047" title="Akmal Irgashev">
Akmal Irgashev

Akmal Irgashev is a taekwondo athlete from Uzbekistan and competed in the London Olympics 2012. He was the Bronze Medalist in Taekwondo at the 2010 Asian Games

</doc>
<doc id="36692056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692056" title="Steel Tears">
Steel Tears

Steel Tears is the seventh album by folk guitarist Sandy Bull, released in 1996 through Timeless Recording Society. It was Bull's final album before his death in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="36692073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692073" title="Sher Khan (1981 film)">
Sher Khan (1981 film)

Sher Khan is a Pakistani Punjabi film starring Sultan Rahi, Anjuman and Mustafa Qureshi. It is the highest grossing film in the history of Pakistani cinema.
Reception.
It created a record for a Punjabi film. When released it was the highest grossing film in the history of Pakistan. It ran for three and a half years in various cinemas. Anjuman got her breakthrough from this mega hit action and musical film. Anjuman-Sultan Rahi era started, they appeared in a record number of 117 films together. (Their last film was "Madam Rani" 1995). Iqbal Hassan performed extremely well in the title role and till his death was a major star due to the success of this film.
This film completed continuously 172 weeks at Naghma Cinema and 35 weeks at Mehfil cinema Lahore and combined 444 weeks in its first run. This film celebrated Solo Golden Jubilee in Rawalpindi and Multan and solo silver jubilees in Gujranwala, Sialkot, and Faislabad. This film celebrated Diamond Jubilee in Karachi and Golden Jubilee in Lahore at its second run. This film also celebrated Silver Jubilees in Lahore and Hydrabad at its third run. (Thanks to Mr. Waseem Khawar, Saudi Arabia)
Soundtrack.
The music of the film is by famous musician Wajahat Attre. The lyrics are penned by Waris Ludhinavi and Khawaja Pervaiz. Madam Noor Jehan and musician Wajahat Attre became the box offices demand after three mega hit musical films in the same year, the others being Chan Veryam and Sala Sahib.

</doc>
<doc id="36692107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692107" title="Swathi Muthu">
Swathi Muthu

Swathi Muthu is a 2003 released Kannada film which was directed by D. Rajendra Babu and written by K. Vishwanath. This film starred Sudeep and Meena in the lead roles.
This film is a remake of superhit Telugu film "Swati Mutyam" (1986) which starred Kamal Haasan and Raadhika in lead roles.
Plot.
A small village. And in that lives Shivanna, a simpleton with a golden heart. He finds his joy in the joy of others and cannot bear to see anyone in sorrow. And, he would do anything to see them happy again. A widow, Lalitha arrives in the village with her little son. Their difficulties and misery immediately catch his attention. He is deeply pained by their sorrows. Shivanna (Sudeep) determines that he would do everything he can to ease their sorrows. He even walks on fire when he overhears someone say that it brings good fortune. He hears his granny saying that only marriage can bring back the happiness into Lalitha’s life. So he promptly marries her, in the hope that it will bring back a smile to her face. Soon his granny dies and he is forced to leave the village with Lalitha (Meena) and her son. Lalitha gets a job with the help of her old music teacher. Slowly, Shivanna learns to take up responsibilities of a family and even starts working. But he never loses his simplicity, the capability to love and forgive everyone unconditionally that charms everyone he meets.
Awards.
Filmfare Awards South
Film Fan's Association Awards
Hello Gandhinagara Awards

</doc>
<doc id="36692110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692110" title="Radó–Kneser–Choquet theorem">
Radó–Kneser–Choquet theorem

In mathematics, the Radó–Kneser–Choquet theorem, named after Tibor Radó, Hellmuth Kneser and Gustave Choquet, states that the Poisson integral of a homeomorphism of the unit circle is a harmonic diffeomorphism of the open unit disk. The result was stated as a problem by Radó and solved shortly afterwards by Kneser in 1926. Choquet, unaware of the work of Radó and Kneser, rediscovered the result with a different proof in 1945. Choquet also generalized the result to the Poisson integral of a homeomorphism from the unit circle to a simple Jordan curve bounding a convex region.
Statement.
Let "f" be an orientation-preserving homeomorphism of the unit circle |"z"| = 1 in C and define the Poisson integral of "f" by
for "r" < 1. Standard properties of the Poisson integral show that "F""f" is a harmonic function on |"z"| < 1 which extends by continuity to "f" on |"z"| = 1. With the additional assumption that "f" is orientation-preserving homeomorphism of this circle, "F""f" is an orientation preserving diffeomorphism of the open unit disk.
Proof.
To prove that "F""f" is locally an orientation-preserving diffeomorphism, it suffices to show that the Jacobian at a point "a" in the unit disk is positive. This Jacobian is given by
On the other hand that "g" is a Möbius transformation preserving the unit circle and the unit disk,
Taking "g" so that "g"("a") = 0 and taking the change of variable ζ = "g"("z"), the chain rule gives
It follows that
It is therefore enough to prove positivity of the Jacobian when "a" = 0. In that case
where the "a""n" are the Fourier coefficients of "f":
Following , the Jacobian at 0 can be expressed as a double integral
Writing
where "h" is a strictly increasing continuous function satisfying
the double integral can be rewritten as
Hence
where
This formula gives "R" as the sum of the sines of four non-negative angles with sum 2π, so it is always non-negative. But then the Jacobian at 0 is strictly positive and "F""f" is therefore locally a diffeomorphism.
It remains to deduce "F""f" is a homeomorphism. By continuity its image is compact so closed. The non-vanishing of the Jacobian, implies that "F""f" is an open mapping on the unit disk, so that the image of the open disk is open. Hence the image of the closed disk is an open and closed subset of the closed disk. By connectivity, it must be the whole disk. For |"w"| < 1, the inverse image of "w" is closed, so compact, and entirely contained in the open disk. Since "F""f" is locally a homeomorphism, it must be a finite set. The set of points "w" in the open disk with exactly "n" preimages is open. By connectivity every point has the same number "N" of preimages. Since the open disk is simply connected, "N" = 1. In fact taking any preimage of the origin, every radial line has a unique lifting to a preimage, and so there is an open subset of the unit disk mapping homeomorphically onto the open disk. If "N" > 1, its complement would also have to be open, contradicting connectivity.

</doc>
<doc id="36692116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692116" title="Aparajita Ghosh Das">
Aparajita Ghosh Das

Aparajita Ghosh Das is a Bengali film and television actress. She made her debut in films with Anjan Das's film Iti Srikanta (2004). She has worked in Anjan Dutt's film Chalo Let's Go (2008).
Early life.
She is a postgraduate degree holder from the Rabindra Bharati University.

</doc>
<doc id="36692155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692155" title="Frank Campbell (footballer)">
Frank Campbell (footballer)

Francis Stephen "Frank" Campbell (born 3 March 1907, date of death unknown) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as half-back for Southampton in the 1930s.
Football career.
Campbell was born in the Camlachie area of Glasgow and played his youth football with Irvine Meadow in the Scottish Intermediate League. Aged 24, he was spotted by scouts from Southampton and he moved to The Dell club in July 1931. His first-team debut came when he took the place of Bill Adams at right-half in a 2–1 debut against Tottenham Hotspur on 7 September 1931. He was in and out of the side for the remainder of the 1931–32 season, sharing the No. 4 shirt with Bert Shelley and Stan Woodhouse, although a fractured thigh put him out for several months mid-season. 
He soon developed into a "strong, forceful half-back" and "quickly adapted to life in the English Second Division". In 1932–33, he took over at centre-half at the start of the season, with occasional appearances in the forward line, before reverting to right-half, as the "Saints" continued in relative obscurity in the middle of the Second Division. 
He was a virtual ever-present in 1933–34 until March when a knee injury again put him out. His injuries developed into chronic arthritis, which forced him to retire at the start of the 1934–35 season after making a total of 89 appearances for Southampton, with five goals.
Later career.
On retirement from league football, Campbell worked for the Folland Aircraft company on the Isle of Wight, playing occasional matches for Newport, before moving to Hatfield, Hertfordshire, where he continued to work in the aircraft industry.

</doc>
<doc id="36692159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692159" title="De Freitas">
De Freitas

De Freitas or DeFreitas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36692183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692183" title="Támara Echegoyen">
Támara Echegoyen

Támara Echegoyen Domínguez (born 17 February 1984 in Ourense) is a Spanish sailor. She participated at the 2012 Summer Olympics in Elliott 6m class, and together with her crew, gasts Ángela Pumariega and Sofía Toro, won the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36692186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692186" title="Mariana Durlesteanu">
Mariana Durlesteanu

Mariana Durleșteanu (born 5 September 1963, Chișinău) is a politician and economist who was Ambassador of Moldova to London from 2005 until 2008.
Durleșteanu was appointed Minister of Finance in the Moldovan Government serving 2008-09. After a change of government in Moldova, she became Senior Banker/Policy Advisor at the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (2009–11).
Since 2011 she has been Chief Financial Officer of KazMunayGas International NV Group.
Durleșteanu speaks fluent Romanian, Russian and English, and lives in Chișinău.
See also.
- Politics of Moldova

</doc>
<doc id="36692191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692191" title="Suzanne Stettinius">
Suzanne Stettinius

Suzanne Stettinius (born January 22, 1988 in Virginia Beach, Virginia) of Parkton, Maryland is a modern pentathlete who represented the United States at the 2012 Olympics in the modern pentathlon.
Education.
Stettinius attended Hereford High School. Stettinius graduated from McDaniel College in Westminster, Maryland after spending one year at Bethany College in Bethany, West Virginia.
National and international competition.
Stettinius earned a silver medal at the NORCECA (North and Central America and Caribbean) Open that functioned as the Olympic qualifying event. Stettinius was awarded her spot in the Olympics when the UIPM announced the 2nd Round Olympic Allocations. Stettinius took seventh in the modern pentathlon of the 2011 Pan American Games, won the 2011 NORCECA Championships, finished 2nd at the 2009 NORCECA Championships, and is a two-time national runner-up.

</doc>
<doc id="36692202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692202" title="Dunscore Old Kirk">
Dunscore Old Kirk

Dunscore Old Kirk (NGR NX 92661 83241) was a pre-reformation kirk situated on rising ground off a minor road to Merkland, Parish of Dunscore, Dumfriesshire, Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland; about 3 km from Auldgirth. The church was known locally as the Kirk of Dunscore; it lies close to Fardingwell Farm and was between Isle Tower and Ellisland of Robert Burns, in the eastern part of the Civil Parish of Dunscore.
No identifiable remains of the church can now be seen. 
The name 'Dunscore' may derive from the Gaelic 'dun-sgoir' or ‘fort of the sharp rock’.
The churchyard, consecrated ground, continues to be used for the inhabitants of the local farms, Isle Tower, Friars Carse, etc.
History.
About AD1170 the original place of worship was established by a Norman Lord. The land was gifted to the Abbey of Holywood by the Cistercian monks of Melrose. The monks played an important part in developing the area by improving the drainage, growing new crops and by promoting animal husbandry at such places the Friars' Carse grange and elsewhere.
In AD1257 the first mention of the church occurs in a monastic dispute, and then again in 1412. 
Clearly shown on Timothy Pont's map of circa 1600 as 'Kirk of Dunscore', 
In 1645 it was recorded that the church was so ruinous and its position so peripheral to the parish that it was decided to build a new church at what is now known as Dunscore.
The Old Kirk burial ground.
The 1855 OS map shows a rectangular grave yard in the fields off a minor road to the north of Fardingwell Farm. A track runs up to the enclosure and ends at a rectangular area next to the 'Laird of Lag's Tomb'. The site is now enclosed within a well built stone wall. Trees are shown encircling the cemetery in 1855.
The largest structure is now the mausoleum of the Ferguson family of the nearby Isle Tower. The dedication inscription reads ""In memory of Robert Ferguson of Isle Esq. a most worthy gentleman and warm friend: who died the last heir-male of that antient and respectable family on September XVII MDCCLXVII (AD1767) in the LXIX year of his age. This monument is erected by Mrs. Isobel and Henrietta Ferguson, two of his sisters-german. A:D: MDCCLXX. (AD1770)""
A number of the larger burial plots are still demarcated by cast iron railings, usually removed during the WW2 but retained in this remote spot.
Dunscore old Kirk burial ground is associated with Robert Burns through the presence of the tomb of Robert Riddell of Glenriddell. 
Robert Burns and his family lived at nearby Ellisland Farm (1788 to 1791) and for some years the poet was on good terms with Robert Riddell of Glenriddell (now Friars' Carse), having the use of the 'Hermitage' at Glenriddell House (sic), etc. The friendship was broken following an act of inappropriate behaviour by Burns and Robert Riddell died before the friendship could be re-established. 
Dunscore old Kirk burial ground is associated with the Covenanters through the presence of the memorial to Sir Robert Grierson the 'Cruel Lag' persecutor of local adherents to the Covenant. The Laird of Lag's (Sir Robert Grierson) Tomb is located (NX 9267 8323) within the burial ground of the family, standing against the back wall of the mausoleum of the Ferguson's of Isle Tower. The inscription on the gravestone states that it the inset coat of arms of the Grierson family was moved to this site from old Lag Tower and gives the date of Sir Robert Grierson's death as 1733; the earliest Grierson memorial is dated 1656. 
The remains of Lag Tower are located at (NX 8802 8618). It is a 16th-century tower and was the possession of the Grierson family.
The New Kirk.
In 1649, James Grierson of Dalgonar and James Kirko of Sundaywell presented a petition to the Scots Parliament, seeking to move the kirk to its present site in Dunscore. 
The old Kirk at this time was said to be so ruinous that ""they daere not for hazard of their life repaire thearto for Godis worship"". 
James Grierson granted a feu on the land, and the new kirk was built on the site it still occupies, although it has been rebuilt here a second time. The village of Dunscore was at this time called Cottack.
The copper baptismal font was brought from the old Kirk, and secreted in one of the walls. The Revd. Robt. Archibald was the first minister in the new Kirk. In 1923 the baptismal font taken out of the wall, and set up on its present stand. Another link is a carved red sandstone block bearing the date 1649 and the inscription ""How amiable are thy tabernacles, O Lord of Hosts to me".."
References.
Notes;
Sources;

</doc>
<doc id="36692219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692219" title="Simeon Burt Wolbach">
Simeon Burt Wolbach

Simeon Burt Wolbach (3 July 1880 - 19 March 1954) was an American pathologist, researcher, teacher, and journal editor who elucidated the infection vectors for Rocky Mountain spotted fever and epidemic typhus. He was president of the American Association of Pathologists and Bacteriologists and of the American Society for Experimental Pathology.
Born the son of banker Samuel N. Wolbach and Rosa Stein, he was raised in rural Nebraska in the wild west era. He went east to study in Boston and remained there most of his life. He married Anna F. Wellington in 1914 and had three children.
Education.
Harvard Lawrence Scientific School, then Harvard Medical School M.D. 1903
Boston City Hospital postgraduate studies in pathology with Frank Burr Mallory and William T. Councilman 1903-05
Career.
In 1905, he returned to Harvard Medical School to work in pathology as an assistant under Councilman, while he was also the pathologist to the Boston Lying-In Hospital and the Long Island chronic care hospital. Three years later he became the director of Bender Hygienic Laboratory (today part of St. Peter's Healthcare) in Albany, New York, while an adjunct professor and department head of pathology and bacteriology at Albany Medical College. He spent 1909 at Montreal General Hospital and McGill University, then in 1910 returned to Harvard's Department of Bacteriology under Harold C. Ernst. In 1914 he became an associate professor of pathology and bacteriology there, then in 1922 was made the head of pathology, occupying the chair as Shattuck Professor of Pathological Anatomy. From 1922 to 47 he was at Peter Bent Brigham Hospital and Children's Hospital of Boston as chief of pathology.
In 1938 he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences.
Research.
Wolbach's early research was into the effects of radiation on skin with Porter. Later field work in Africa got him interested in tropical parasitology.
Working with McGill parasitologist John L. Todd, they carried uninfected lice (feeding them on their persons) to Poland in 1920 in order to demonstrate that lice transmit Rickettsia prowazekii, the organism which is the cause of epidemic typhus. For this work he received the rank of Commander in the Order of Polonia Restituta. 
Wolbach turned his attention to childhood development and vitamin deficiencies. Working with J.M. Coppoletta at Brigham and Children's, he developed tables of the weights of vital organs for different ages and body lengths which became a definitive reference for pediatric pathology.

</doc>
<doc id="36692229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692229" title="Ángela Pumariega">
Ángela Pumariega

Ángela Pumariega Menéndez (born 12 November 1984 in Gijón) is a Spanish sailor who won the gold medal in sailing at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Elliott 6m class, in the crew led by Támara Echegoyen and accompanied by Sofía Toro.
Previously, she was a junior Spanish champion and second at the Europeans in the Snipe class in 2002 and second at the Spanish women's nationals in 2008 also in Snipe.

</doc>
<doc id="36692242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692242" title="List of dams and reservoirs in Montana">
List of dams and reservoirs in Montana

Following is a list of dams and reservoirs in Montana. 
All major dams are linked below. The National Inventory of Dams defines any "major dam" as being tall with a storage capacity of at least , or of any height with a storage capacity of .

</doc>
<doc id="36692244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692244" title="Tiger dance">
Tiger dance

Tiger dance is a traditional performing art in which persons wearing tiger costumes dance by themselves or with others.

</doc>
<doc id="36692273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692273" title="Sofía Toro">
Sofía Toro


</doc>
<doc id="36692282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692282" title="Ineke Ran">
Ineke Ran

Ineke Yvonne Ran (born 20 April 1962 in Badhoevedorp) is a former freestyle and butterfly swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada. She was eliminated in the preliminaries for 100m and 200m freestyle and 100m butterfly. She swam in the preliminaries for the Dutch relay team that ended up in fifth place in the 4x100m medley. As part of the freestyle team she was 4th in the 4x100m relay, together with Enith Brigitha, Linda Faber and Annelies Maas. She won two medals at the 1977 European Aquatics Championships, bronze in 100m butterfly and silver 4×100 m freestyle relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36692289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692289" title="Tanima Sen">
Tanima Sen

Tanima Sen is a Bengali film and television actress. She started her acting career after marriage.
Acting career.
Theatre.
Though Sen is mainly popular as a film and television actress, she started as a theatre artist. In 1984 she made her acting debut in a local theatre group. In 1985 she acted in a play named "Baluchari" which was staged at Star Theatre, Kolkata and continued for 500 shows. Besides acting she has also written plays. A play, "Swarger Kache" written by Sen was staged by Bengali theatre group "Rangmahal".
In 1994 she started her own theatre group "Shyambazar apalak".
Television.
In 1995–1996 Sen was first cast in a television serial in "Jodi Emon Hoto". She has also worked in the serials like "Janmabhumi", "Roopkotha", "Labonyer Sangsar".

</doc>
<doc id="36692290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692290" title="1985 Indian Federation Cup">
1985 Indian Federation Cup

The 1985 Indian Federation Cup was the 9th season of the football competition. The competition was won by East Bengal, who defeated local rivals Mohun Bagan 1–0 at Bangalore.

</doc>
<doc id="36692297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692297" title="Mount Barker High School">
Mount Barker High School

Mount Barker High School is a public high school located in the Adelaide Hills, 34 kilometres east of Adelaide. It was founded in 1908, celebrating its centenary in 2008.
Positive psychology.
In partnership with St Peter's College, Mount Barker High School is piloting Dr Martin Seligman's positive psychology theories in education.
The positive psychology framework is based around the PERMA framework
which requires only saying things in the Positive, rather than the negative.

</doc>
<doc id="36692347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692347" title="Linda Faber">
Linda Faber

Linda Faber (born 29 February 1960 in Veenendaal, Utrecht) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands who competed for her native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada. She was eliminated in the preliminaries for 400m freestyle. As part of the freestyle team she was 4th in the 4x100m relay, together with Enith Brigitha, Ineke Ran and Annelies Maas.

</doc>
<doc id="36692362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692362" title="Still Valentine's Day 1969">
Still Valentine's Day 1969

"Still Valentine's Day 1969" is a live album by folk guitarist Sandy Bull, released in 2006 through Water Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36692408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692408" title="Zenith Computers">
Zenith Computers

Zenith Computers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36692422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36692422" title="Stylophora pistillata">
Stylophora pistillata

Stylophora pistillata (common names hood coral and smooth cauliflower coral) is a species of coral that is commonly used in scientific investigations. It is home to gall crabs, "Trapezia" crabs, boring clams, date mussles ("Lithophaga"), barnacles, Christmas tree worms and damselfish. Some such as "Lithophaga" are parasites that weaken the coral skeleton. However, boring clams bring fresh, oxygenated water into the colony and benefit the coral.

</doc>
