<doc id="36605624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605624" title="Australian contribution to UNTAG">
Australian contribution to UNTAG

The Australian Services Contingent was the Australian Army contribution to the United Nations Transition Assistance Group (UNTAG) peacekeeping mission to Namibia in 1989 and 1990. Australia sent two contingents of over 300 engineers each to assist the Special Representative of the Secretary General, Martti Ahtisaari, in overseeing free and fair elections in Namibia for a Constituent Assembly in what was the largest deployment of Australian troops since the Vietnam War.
The Australian mission was widely reported as successful. Colonel John Crocker, commander of the second Australian contingent (2ASC), wrote that the November 1989 election was UNTAG's "raison d'être" and observed that "the Australian contingent's complete and wide-ranging support was critical to the success of that election and hence the mission – a fact that has been acknowledged at the highest level in UNTAG". Javier Pérez de Cuéllar, Secretary-General of the United Nations, wrote to Gareth Evans (Australia's Foreign Minister) about the "remarkable contribution made by the Australian military and electoral personnel", saying that their "dedication and professionalism had been widely and deservedly praised". Although a total of 19 UN personnel lost their lives in Namibia, the two Australian contingents achieved their mission without sustaining any fatalities – one of the few military units in UNTAG to do so.
Overall, the UNTAG mission assisted Namibia in transitioning to a democratic government after the racial segregation of the apartheid system. The military forces did not fire a shot during the operation, and Mays called it "possibly the most successful UN peacekeeping operation ever fielded"; Hearn called it "one of the major successes of the United Nations". Almost 20 years later, in a message to the annual session of the United Nations Special Committee on Decolonization on 28 February 2008, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon noted that "facilitating this process" constituted "one of the proudest chapters of our Organization's history".
Background.
History of conflict.
Southwest Africa has a rich history encompassing colonisation, war and genocide. The first European to set foot on Namibian soil was the Portuguese explorer Diogo Cão in 1485. Over the next 500 years, the country was colonised by the Dutch, English and Germans. Namibia was a German colony (German South-West Africa) from 1884 until its annexation by South Africa during World War I. After the war, it was mandated to South Africa by the League of Nations. After World War II the United Nations (UN) asked South Africa to place Namibia under UN trusteeship, but South Africa refused. Legal arguments continued until 1966 when the UN General Assembly resolved to end the mandate, declaring that henceforth South-West Africa was the direct responsibility of the UN.
At the height of the Cold War in 1965, conflict escalated across the border with the Cuban intervention in Angola. Cuba formed an alliance with the People's Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) (), which led to the deployment of more than 25,000 Cuban soldiers to the region in the Angolan War of Independence.
The next year the Namibian War of Independence began when the South-West Africa People's Organisation's (SWAPO) military wing – the People's Liberation Army of Namibia (PLAN) – began guerrilla attacks on South African forces, infiltrating from bases in Zambia. The first attack was the battle at Omugulugwombashe on 26 August, and the war was a classic insurgent-counterinsurgent operation. PLAN initially established bases in northern Namibia; they were later forced out of the country by the South African Defence Force (SADF), subsequently operating from bases in southern Angola and Zambia. The intensity of cross-border conflict escalated, becoming known as the South African Border War and the Angolan Bush War.
The principal protagonists were the SADF and the PLAN. Other groups involved included the South West African Territorial Force (SWATF) and National Union for Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) (both aligned with the SADF) and the People's Armed Forces for the Liberation of Angola (FAPLA) and Cuban Revolutionary Armed Forces (both aligned with SWAPO). The South African-aligned forces consisted of regular army (SADF), South West Africa Police forces and the South West Africa Police Counter-Insurgency Unit (SWAPOL-COIN), including the paramilitary-trained SWAPOL police counter-insurgency unit known as Koevoet.
From a Namibian perspective, the nature of the closely intertwined Angolan War of Independence, Namibian War of Independence and South African Border War was typically cross-border conflict. This was overshadowed by two large-scale Cuban military interventions in the Angolan War of Independence. The first was in November 1975 (on the eve of Angola's independence), which further intensified with the escalation of the Angolan Civil War in 1985. In that conflict, South Africa provided support across the northern border to UNITA. In opposition, the Soviet Union financially backed an estimated two motorised infantry divisions of Cuban troops in a Soviet-led the People's Armed Forces for the Liberation of Angola (FAPLA) offensive against UNITA in what became known as the second Cuban intervention in Angola. In September 1987, Cuban forces came to the defence of the besieged Angolan Army (FAPLA) and stopped the advance of the SADF at the Battle of Cuito Cuanavale (the largest battle in Africa since World War II). General Magnus Malan wrote in his memoirs that this campaign marked a great victory for the SADF. Nelson Mandela disagreed; Cuito Cuanavale, he asserted, "was the turning point for the liberation of our continent—and of my people—from the scourge of apartheid". This battle led to UN Security Council Resolution 602 of 25 November 2007, demanding the SADF's unconditional withdrawal from Angola by 10 December. When the UN force deployed to Namibia in April 1989, there were 50,000 Cuban troops in Angola.
During the 20-year war the SADF mounted many cross-border operations against PLAN bases, some of which extended into Angola. SADF units frequently remained in southern Angola to intercept PLAN combatants on their way south, forcing PLAN to move to bases far from the Namibian border. Most PLAN insurgency operations took the form of small raids on political activists, armed propaganda activity, recruitment, raids on white settlements and disruption of essential services.
United Nations Transition Assistance Group.
The process leading to Namibia's independence began with UN General Assembly Resolution 2145 (XXI) of 27 October 1966. This was followed by the passage of UN Security Council Resolution 264, adopted on 20 March 1969. In that resolution the UN assumed direct responsibility for the territory and declared the continued presence of South Africa in Namibia illegal, calling upon the Government of South Africa to withdraw immediately. International negotiations for a peaceful solution to the Namibian problem increased. In December 1978, in what was known as the Brazzaville Protocol, South Africa, Cuba and Angola formally accepted UN Security Council Resolution 435 outlining a blueprint for Namibian independence. The protocol envisioned a phased withdrawal of Cuban forces from Angola over a two-year period, set 1 April 1989 as the date for the resolution's implementation and planned to reduce South African forces in Namibia to 1,500 by June 1989. The resolution established UNTAG, approving a report by the Secretary-General and outlining its objective: "the withdrawal of South Africa's illegal administration from Namibia and the transfer of power to the people of Namibia with the assistance of the United Nations". Resolution 435 authorised a total of 7,500 military personnel as UNTAG's upper limit.
It was not until 1988 that South Africa agreed to implement the resolution, signing the Tripartite Accord (an agreement between Angola, Cuba and South Africa) at UN headquarters in New York City. The accord recommended that 1 April 1989 be set as the date for implementation of Resolution 435, and was affirmed by the Security Council on 16 January 1989. As Hearn noted, "The first characteristic of peacekeeping is that the consent of the disputants must be secured before a force is deployed". With the accord in place (principally with South Africa), UNTAG was then formally established in accordance with Resolution 632 on 16 February 1989.
The key participants in the UN process were the South African government (represented in Namibia by the Administrator General) and the UN. Hearn wrote that South Africa had a "desire for a smooth transition"; this resulted in negotiations occurring locally (between the Special Representative and the Administrator General), directly with the South African government in Pretoria and at the UN (via the Secretary General and Security Council). The outcome of these negotiations with South Africa included draft electoral laws (enabling free and fair elections) and the disbanding of the Koevoet force. The elections were carried out by the South African Administrator General, under UN supervision. The UNTAG operation ultimately involved over 100 countries, the highest ever for a UN operation. The UN had a high level of credibility, and were recognised as the legitimate body to bring independence to Namibia.
Australian political context.
In the "Official History of Australian Peacekeeping, Humanitarian and Post-Cold War Operations", author David Horner stated that the Australian government led by Robert Menzies was loath to criticise South Africa during the 1950s. At that time Australia generally opposed anti-colonial movements (which were often supported by the Soviets or China), believing them part of a world-wide communist offensive. Indeed, as late as 1961 Australia (and Britain) abstained from a vote to condemn South Africa in the UN.
It was not until 1962 that Australia voted for a UN resolution condemning South Africa for its actions in South-West Africa, a change in policy led by External Affairs Minister Garfield Barwick. Initially in opposition, until he was Prime Minister Gough Whitlam was a vocal advocate of independence for Namibia. Over the following two decades, Australia played a small (but significant) role in supporting Namibian independence. Political leaders from both benches of Parliament, including Prime Ministers Whitlam and Malcolm Fraser, were active internationally in their support of independence for Namibia while in office. As a result, Australia was involved in the UN process almost from the start. In 1972 Australia voted in favour of a UN trust fund, and two years later it was elected to the UN Council for Namibia. Australia pledged support for UNTAG at the inception of the UN plan for Namibia with Resolution 435 in September 1978, and made an important contribution to UN deliberations about Namibia while a non-permanent member of the UN Security Council in 1985–1986.
Behind the scenes, the composition of the force Australia would contribute was not agreed in principle until late 1978; options discussed at the time were a logistic force and an infantry battalion group. By October 1978 Prime Minister Fraser had publicly stated that he wanted to send a peacekeeping force to Namibia; however, this was not broadly supported. A November 1978 article in "The Bulletin" claimed that the Defence Department was "dead against" a commitment, and in January 1979 "The Daily Telegraph" and "The Canberra Times" reported that Fraser, Andrew Peacock (Foreign Affairs) and Jim Killen (Defence) were "involved in a row" over the plan. The following month, a Cabinet submission stated that the UN proposal had a "reasonable prospect" of success, and Cabinet approved the commitment of an engineer force of 250 officers and men and a national headquarters and support element of 50 on 19 February. Horner noted that there was very little criticism of this decision in the press at the time, and the decision was accepted without question.
After leaving government, Fraser continued to play an important role in international relations with respect to independence for Namibia. In 1985, he chaired UN hearings in New York on the role of multinationals in South Africa and Namibia. Fraser also co-chaired the Commonwealth Eminent Persons Group from 1985 to 1986, campaigning for an end to apartheid in South Africa.
Bob Hawke's government continued the policy of the Fraser and Whitlam governments to support independence for Namibia. In the "Official History", Horner stated that Australian peacekeeping "blossomed" after Gareth Evans was appointed Foreign Minister in September 1988; Evans reconfirmed Australia's willingness to participate in UNTAG in October 1988, a month after his appointment. Horner also said that the commitment was "unusual" because it occurred a decade after the government's initial decision to participate in February 1979. After more than 10 years of consideration, the government reconfirmed its commitment of a force of 300 engineers to Namibia on 2 March 1989.
There were many concerns about the size of the commitment and its risks. Before the deployment, Prime Minister Hawke said in Parliament that Namibia was a "very large and important commitment" comprising "almost half of the Army's construction engineering capability". He went on to say, "our effort in Namibia will be the largest peacekeeping commitment in which this country has ever participated. It may also be the most difficult". Unlike the commitment of soldiers to Vietnam over 20 years earlier, the deployment to Namibia had bipartisan support.
Prior to the deployment, South African authorities threatened to veto the involvement of Australian peacekeeping troops because of doubts about their impartiality. This followed the establishment by the Australian Government of a Special Assistance Program for South Africans and Namibians (SAPSAN) in 1986 to assist South Africans and Namibians disadvantaged by apartheid. The focus of SAPSAN was on education and training for the people of South Africa and Namibia, and some humanitarian assistance had also been provided. A total of $11.9 million was spent under SAPSAN from 1986 to 1990.
In the "Official History", Horner described the Australian deployment to Namibia as a "vital mission": the first major deployment of troops to a war zone since the Vietnam War. In 1988 Australia had only 13 military personnel deployed on multinational peacekeeping operations, and with few exceptions the number of Australians committed to such activities had changed little in over 40 years (since the Korean War). The successful deployment of over 600 engineers to Namibia in 1989 and 1990 was pivotal in changing Australia's approach to peacekeeping, paving the way for much-larger contingents sent to Cambodia, Rwanda, Somalia and East Timor. The deployment of a significant force to Namibia profoundly affected Australia's defence and foreign policies.
The Australian contingent and UNTAG.
Command.
UNTAG was a large operation, with nearly 8,000 men and women deployed to Namibia from more than 120 countries to assist the process. The military force numbered approximately 4,500, and was commanded by Lieutenant-General Dewan Prem Chand of India; the main military UNTAG Headquarters was based in Windhoek, Namibia's capital and largest city. The commanders of the Australian contingents were Colonels Richard D. Warren (1ASC) and John A. Crocker (2ASC). Other senior appointments included the contingent seconds-in-command, Lieutenant colonels Kevin Pippard (1ASC) and Ken Gillespie (2ASC), and the officers commanding the 17th Construction Squadron, Majors David Crago (1ASC) and Brendan Sowry (2ASC).
Mission and role of UNTAG.
UNTAG's mission was to monitor the ceasefire and troop withdrawals, to preserve law and order in Namibia and to supervise elections for the new government. In the "Official History", Horner described it as "an extremely complex mission".
The role of UNTAG was to assist the Special Representative of the Secretary General (SRSG), Martti Ahtisaari, in overseeing free and fair elections in Namibia for a Constituent Assembly. The elections were to be carried out by the South African Administrator General, under UN supervision and control, and this Assembly would then draw up a constitution for an independent Namibia. UNTAG was tasked with assisting the SRSG in ensuring that all hostile acts ceased; South African troops were confined to base, and ultimately withdrawn; discriminatory laws were repealed, and political prisoners released; Namibian refugees were permitted to return (when they were known as returnees); intimidation was prevented, and law and order maintained.
UNTAG was the first instance of a large-scale, multidimensional operation where the military element supported the work of other components concerned with border surveillance: monitoring the reduction and removal of the South African military presence; organising the return of Namibian exiles; supervising voter registration and preparing, observing, and certifying the results of national elections.
Role of Australian contingent.
The role of the Australian force was broad for an Army engineering unit, requiring the unit to "provide combat and logistic engineer support to UNTAG"; this included the UN civilian and military components. Its role included construction, field engineering and (initially) deployment as infantry.
Prime Minister Hawke said in Parliament at the time that "the settlement of the long and complex issue of Namibian independence is an important international event. It is an event in which Australia has played, and will continue to play, a substantial part... Namibia is a large, arid, sparsely populated and underdeveloped country which has been a war zone for many years. Our engineers will build roads, bridges, airstrips and camps for UNTAG. They will have the very serious task of clearing mines which have been laid by the various contending forces along the border between Angola and Namibia".
Organisation and composition of contingents.
The Australian force was structured as follows:
There were two contingents, each of which contained over three hundred soldiers and deployed for about six months:
In addition to the military force, a number of other Australians served with UNTAG (including 25 observers from the Australian Electoral Commission). For the duration of the deployment, the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade and Defence had agreed to jointly fund a temporary Australian Liaison Office in Windhoek manned by two DFAT personnel and headed by Nick Warner.
Force preparation and deployment.
First ten years.
Australian Army involvement in UNTAG was formalised in February 1979 by Cabinet, which approved the plan to commit the 17th Construction Squadron, Royal Australian Engineers and Workshop as the main force for deployment. The squadron was to be supplemented by a Field Troop and by members posted from other units throughout the Army, bringing the squadron to a deployment strength of 275. A headquarters was to be formed, supporting the Chief Engineer at the UNTAG Military Headquarters. The total strength of the force was to be over 300 of all ranks, in what was known as Plan Witan. The unit had been placed on eight weeks' notice in July 1978, which was reduced to a week's notice to move in February 1979.
There was no agreement (or settlement) between South Africa and SWAPO, so an order to move was never issued. The "Official History" noted, "as the weeks passed the unit found it difficult to continue training because all its vehicles, equipment and plant were either in boxes or in a state ready for transhipment". The notice to move reverted to 30 days in June and pushed out to 42 days in September 1979, when the unit was formally released from standby. The notice to move was increased to 60 days in March 1982, and 75 days in November 1986. In July 1987, all remaining specific readiness requirements were removed.
Activation.
Horner wrote that the government had been following the course of negotiations, "but in view of the history of false alarms they were not inclined to react until Angola, Cuba and South Africa signed the protocol in Geneva" in August 1988. Two weeks later the UN wrote, asking Australia to reconfirm its previous commitment; within a month, Cabinet reaffirmed the commitment of a decade earlier. Chief of the Defence Force (CDF) General Peter Gration then placed the unit on 28 days' notice to move.
After the notice was reactivated, detailed planning recommenced (essentially from scratch). Changes made to the organisation of the force approved ten years earlier were only minor. After many years of notice, there was still skepticism that the deployment would ever occur. The government and army were cautious about the timing of the commitment of funds; significant funding was only released in late 1988, a few months before deployment. The squadron's equipment deficiencies were valued at $16 million, and there was a need to buy $700,000 of equipment immediately. The UN initially estimated the cost of the entire operation at $US1 billion, equivalent to its own budget. The reluctance to commit funds ultimately reduced training of the deployed forces; Senator Jo Vallentine said in Parliament that the Namibia operation nearly fell apart due to a lack of advance funding, and Senator Jocelyn Newman called it disgraceful. The UN General Assembly did not approve the UNTAG budget until 1 March 1989, less than two weeks before the advance party deployed and after the deployment of the start-up team. Gration authorised Operation Picaresque on 3 March 1989. In addition to a lack of funds, there was little intelligence on Namibia; the region was "generally unknown to the Australian public, the policy-makers and to the troops and civilians who deployed there".
Buildup and deployment.
The first staff were posted to the new contingent headquarters at Holsworthy Barracks in September 1988. At the same time, Major J.J. Hutchings was deployed as liaison officer to UN HQ in New York. In October, the CDF formally tasked the Chief of the General Staff (CGS) to raise, train, equip and support the force for Namibia. By December the two units comprising 1ASC had been raised from more than thirty different units of the Australian Army, and were being trained and prepared for deployment. Equipment, vehicles and weapons were procured, transferred from across the army and prepared at Moorebank; this included the painting of all vehicles and major equipment items in UN livery and packing items for transport to Namibia. During the buildup it was recognised that the families required support during the deployment, and Network 17 was established to support the mostly Sydney-based soldiers' and officers' families.
Hutchings was sent to Namibia as a member of the start-up team, arriving in Windhoek on 19 February 1989. Warren attended the contingent commanders' briefing at UN HQ from 22 to 24 February 1989, and then flew with Prem Chand to Frankfurt, West Germany to meet the other senior members of UNTAG.
The 1ASC advance party, comprising 36 officers and men, were deployed by USAF C-5 Galaxy via RAAF Learmonth and Diego Garcia to Windhoek. They arrived at 2:00 pm on 11 March 1989 and were met by Australian Ambassador to South Africa Colin MacDonald, Warren and Hutchings. The 17th Construction Squadron advance party of ten deployed by road to Grootfontein on 13 March 1989. The squadron's advance echelon, comprising 59 personnel (including the 14th Field Troop), arrived by USAF C5 Galaxy at Grootfontein on 14 March 1989. The remainder of 1ASC were commended by Prime Minister Bob Hawke at a farewell parade at Holsworthy Barracks on 5 April 1989. The main body then deployed by RAAF Boeing 707 aircraft on 14 April.
The force deployed with a large quantity of construction and other equipment, including 24 Land Rovers, 19 Unimog all-terrain vehicles, 26 heavy trucks, 43 trailers, eight bulldozers and a variety of other road-building equipment such as graders, scrapers and rollers. The support workshop added a further 40 vehicles, and over 1,800 tonnes of stores were shipped with the contingent's equipment. There was a total of over 200 wheeled and tracked vehicles and trailers and a large quantity of dangerous cargo (demolition explosives and ammunition). The UN hired the MV "Mistra" for the deployment. It departed Sydney on 23 March; the equipment was unloaded at Walvis Bay in mid-April, moving by road and rail to the South African Defence Force Logistics Base at Grootfontein.
Operations.
Operations Safe Passage and Piddock.
By 31 March, 14th Field Troop had completed its mine-awareness training; only Lieutenant Stephen Alexander and five others remained at Oshakati, the main SADF base in the north of the country. During the early hours of 1 April an SADF aircraft began dropping flares, and mortar rounds landed near the base. This signalled the start of an intense period of conflict, and Alexander's team was quickly withdrawn to Grootfontein. What had occurred was the infiltration of a large number of PLAN combatants (about 1,600), re-entering Namibia from Angola. Accounts differed, but Hearn stated that all of those interviewed at the time made it clear that "they did not enter Namibia for war, but to seek out the UN". Reuters reported that SWAPO demanded the right to establish bases in Namibia. The large size of the PLAN forces and the very small number of deployed UN forces (less than 1,000 at the time) meant that the UN had very little intelligence, and was unable to respond in force. Sitkowski wrote that the UN should have been informed about the high probability of SWAPO infiltration, but this did not occur. The Australians were the first to know about the incursion, but they only found out informally via church sources at the Pastoral Centre (the accommodations for headquarters staff).
The UN had only two police observers in the north of the country at the time, and the South African government pressured the UN to allow its forces to leave their bases and respond. On 1 April the SRSG authorised the SADF to leave their bases, and they responded in force. By 5 April the UN reported that it only had 300 troops in the north of the country, including 97 Australians. On 7 April Reuters reported that Louis Pienaar had assured safe passage out of the war-torn north of the country if fighting ceased, and had called on SWAPO to surrender to the police; he also warned that if they did not respond, "the police will have no other option than to pursue you with all means at their disposal". Reuters reported that 73 SWAPO guerillas were killed on 8 April, 34 in a single action. It was later estimated that over the three-week period following the incursion 251 PLAN combatants were killed, with the loss of 21 members of the SADF and other security forces.
The SWAPO incursion became a complex political issue, and led to a week of tense negotiations. The UN considered emergency airlifts to bring more peacekeepers into the territory, and the United States offered aid. On 9 April 1989 an agreement was reached at Mount Etjo (the Mount Etjo Declaration), calling for the rapid deployment of UNTAG forces and outlining a withdrawal procedure for PLAN soldiers (Operation Safe Passage) under which they would leave the country. Operation Piddock was the name for the Australian part of the operation. Horner wrote that if UNTAG were to play any role in ending the fighting, it was obvious that the Australians would be the key component. This was complex, and required authorisation from Gration and Defence Minister Kim Beazley for Australian troops to supervise the withdrawal of insurgent forces. It required the Australian Army engineers and British signallers to work as infantry, manning border and internal-assembly points. At the time, these were the only units which could be redeployed quickly to northern Namibia.
The aim of the operation was to facilitate the withdrawal of PLAN combatants. South African Foreign Minister Pik Botha confined all South African troops to their base for 60 hours, allowing SWAPO guerillas to leave the country unhindered. Nine assembly points were established by the UN, with up to twelve soldiers and five military observers at each. Six of the assembly points (APs) were led by Australians: Captain Richard Bradshaw (contingent signals officer) at AP Charlie (Ruacana), Sergeant Kerry Ponting (Squadron workshop) at AP Foxtrot (Oshikango), Captain Mark Hender (Squadron Operations Officer) at AP Juliet (Okankolo), Lieutenant Stephen Alexander (Field troop commander) at AP Delta (Beacon 7, west of Oshikango), Lieutenant Mark Broome (Plant Troop Officer) AP Bravo (Ruacana) and Lieutenant Pat Sowry (Liaison Officer) AP Kilo (Oshikuku). Most of the assembly points had intense media scrutiny. The intention of the operation was for PLAN combatants to assemble at these points. They would then be escorted across the border north to the 16th parallel to their bases of confinement, but the operation was unsuccessful. Very few PLAN combatants passed through these points; for the most part, they withdrew across the border by walking independently. It was estimated that 200 to 400 PLAN members remained in Namibia, absorbed into the local community. Agreement was subsequently reached in late April that the SADF personnel be restricted to their bases from 26 April; in effect, hostilities ended after that date.
This was a stressful time for Australian soldiers deployed to these checkpoints. The South Africans were determined to intimidate the UN forces, and SWAPO casualties occurred in the immediate vicinity of several checkpoints. The South Africans set up in force immediately adjacent to many checkpoints, pointed machine guns at the Australians and demanded that they hand over SWAPO soldiers who had surrendered. The Australian and British soldiers were outnumbered and out-gunned. Despite the fact that only nine SWAPO appeared at the points, the operation was a political success. Lieutenant Colonel Neil Donaldson, commander of the British contingent, said that "the world press showed Australian and British soldiers standing up to a bunch of South African bullies". Crocker said that the fact that the Australian soldiers completed this operation without any casualties was a tribute to the "training standards of the Australian Army and perhaps, a bit of good luck". The conclusion of Operation Piddock meant that the Australians were able to begin their engineering tasks.
Return of refugees.
The UN plan required that all exiled Namibians be given the opportunity to return to their country in time to participate in the electoral process. This was implemented by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), supported by a number of other UN agencies and programmes. In Namibia, the Council of Churches in Namibia (CCN) was UNHCR's implementing partner. Most returning Namibians returned from Angola; many came from Zambia, and a small number came from 46 other countries after the proclamation of a general amnesty. The logistics of managing the returnees was largely delegated to the Australian contingent.
Three air and three land entry points were established, as well as five reception centres. Four centres were designed by Namibia Consult Incorporated under the directorship of Klaus Dierks, and constructed by the Australian contingent. The centres were located at Dobra, Mariabronn (near Grootfontein) and at Ongwediva and Engela in Ovamboland. They were administered under the auspices of the Repatriation, Resettlement and Reconstruction Committee of the CCN.
The 8th Construction Troop (under Lieutenant Geoff Burchell) constructed a camp and managed the reception centre at Engela, less than from the Angolan border; the 9th Construction Troop (under Lieutenant Andrew Stanner) constructed a similar camp and managed the reception centre at Ongwediva. The SADF continued attempts to intimidate the Australians and disrupt operations, but their actions had little effect. In late April an SADF aircraft dropped flares at night over the 9th Construction Troop base at Ongwediva, and explosions (possibly mortar rounds) were heard nearby.
Security, services and logistics at the reception centres were provided by the military component of UNTAG, and a number of secondary reception centres were also established. The movement of returnees through the centres was quick, and the repatriation programme was very successful; a UN official report stated that the psychological impact of the return of so many exiles was perceptible throughout the country. There were some problems reported in the north, where ex-Koevoet elements searched villages for SWAPO returnees; however, the UN reported that this was kept under constant surveillance by UNTAG's police monitors. By the end of the process, 42,736 Namibians had been returned from exile.
Accommodation and other works.
For the remainder of its deployment, the first contingent focused most of its efforts on providing accommodations for electoral centres and police stations. These were typically manned by only two or three police (or civilian) electoral staff and were almost always in small, remote villages. Buildings were leased, a large number of caravans purchased and deployed and prefabricated buildings constructed in about 50 locations. Much of this was done by the Resources Troop (under Lieutenant Stuart Graham), centrally controlled by squadron construction officer Captain Shane Miller.
The largest plant task undertaken during the deployment was the construction of an airstrip at Opuwo. The squadron commander, Major David Crago, described how the road network in Namibia was better than expected; in retrospect, the squadron brought too much heavy road-making equipment. The squadron deployed 20 members of the Plant Troop (under Captain Nigel Catchlove) to Opuwo. Over a period of four months, Sergeant Ken Roma constructed an all-weather airstrip in one of the most remote parts of Namibia.
Force rotation.
The first contingent returned to Australia in September and October 1989, Warren reporting that he was "amazed that none of his men was killed or seriously hurt during the tour of duty". Planning for the second contingent had begun as soon as the first contingent had deployed. Colonel John Crocker was appointed as the contingent commander, and was given the task of raising the force. Unlike the first contingent, which had been built around the 17th Construction Squadron and had maintained that unit's structure, the second contingent had to be built from scratch. It deployed to Namibia between September and early October 1989.
Election preparation and Operation Poll Gallop.
The security environment in Namibia changed in the lead-up to the election, including violence in Namibia and an increase in fighting between FAPLA and UNITA troops across the border in Angola. Horner wrote that the Australian contingent was not directly involved in "dealing with the violence", but the increased violence changed the nature of the mission. It was initially envisioned that the military component of UNTAG would only provide communications and logistic support to the election. In September the role was broadened to include hundreds of electoral monitors, and in October (after detailed planning and reconnaissance of all polling stations) the Australian contingent deployed a ready-reaction force. At the same time the 15th Field Troop (under Lieutenant Brent Maddock) was deployed, making the first entry into a live minefield by Australian troops since the Vietnam War.
Operation Poll Gallop was the name given to the largely logistic operation to support the Namibian elections. Activities began with 1ASC from May 1989 onward, but became the primary task for 2ASC:
Colonel John Crocker, commander of 2ASC, wrote: "For much of the mission, but particularly during the lead-up to the election, all members of the ASC worked, often well away from their bases, in a security environment which at best could be termed uneasy and on many occasions was definitely hazardous. The deeply divided political factions, which included thousands of de-mobilised soldiers from both sides, had easy access to weapons including machine guns and grenades. This situation resulted in a series of violent incidents including assassinations and reprisal killings which culminated in the deaths of 11 civilians and the wounding of 50 others in street battles in the northern town of Oshakati just before the election". Land mines and unexploded ammunition continued to cause injury and death; even during the week of the election, there were incidents.
Post-election and return to Australia.
After the election, the contingent was able to focus almost exclusively on construction tasks. In addition to ongoing maintenance, these included taking over barracks and accommodations from the SADF and twelve non-UNTAG tasks in support of the local community as nation-building exercises. These included:
Other tasks carried out by the squadron included Operation Make Safe, which took place in February and March 1990. The Field Troop conducted a reconnaissance of 10 known minefields, repaired perimeter fences and installed signs.
The contingent began preparations for its return to Australia in December 1989. In January 1990 new works stopped, manning of forward bases was reduced and stores and equipment were packed and prepared for sea. The Australian forces returned in four sorties on chartered commercial aircraft, the first departing Namibia on 6 February. The contingent's equipment loaded aboard the MV "Kwang Tung", which left Walvis Bay on 22 February. The withdrawal included support from Australian logistics experts, a psychologist to conduct end-of-tour debriefings and a finance officer. The last demolition task was undertaken at Ondangwa on 25 March, and the last elements of the rear party left Namibia on 9 April 1990. During the deployment there were no fatalities; although at least 10 soldiers were treated for malaria, there were few serious injuries.
Commendations and Honour Distinction award.
A number of governments linked the award of the Nobel Peace Prize to UN Peacekeepers in 1988 to the UNTAG operation, but the award was shared by peacekeepers and peacekeeping operations worldwide. Secretary-General Javier Pérez de Cuéllar mentioned a number of UN peacekeeping operations (including Namibia) in his Nobel lecture in Oslo on 9 January 1989. Senator Graham Richardson also made similar comments in the Australian Senate.
The Australian UNTAG contingents were awarded a Chief of the General Staff Commendation. The award was presented to both contingents by Defence Minister Beazley at a 2 March 1990 parade in Holsworthy honouring those who had served in eleven UN (and other) peacekeeping operations.
In April 2012, Army Chief Lieutenant General David Morrison, AO approved a recommendation for the award of the first Honour Distinction to the 17th Construction Squadron. This is awarded to units (or sub-units) in recognition of service under operational conditions in security-related, peacekeeping, peace enforcement and similar operations. The award was presented to the unit by Governor-General Quentin Bryce on 11 May 2013.
Operational and other issues.
Force Chief Engineer.
The appointment of Colonel Richard Warren as Chief Engineer was opposed by both Marrack Goulding (UN Undersecretary General for Special Political Affairs) and Cedric Thornberry (Director of the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General). The UN had planned on a civilian filling this role and working primarily with civilian contractors; in all subsequent UN missions, the senior engineer was a civilian. The UN resisted appointing Warren until the "last minute", with final approval only given on 1 March. Warren recalled that this gave him "an abnormal amount of authority and a remarkable degree of responsibility".
Weapons and rules of engagement.
The contingents were faced with a number of issues concerning weapons and rules of engagement:
Land mines and UXO.
Land mines were used by the SADF and SWAPO and became a major feature of the war, triggering the development of mine-protected vehicles (MPV). The SADF typically laid marked, fenced, anti-personnel minefields as perimeter protection for bases and vital assets. It laid a reported 45,000 mines during the conflict, of which 3,000 were unaccounted-for when UNTAG arrived. SWAPO used mines for ambushing or intimidation. Mines were laid individually or in clusters; anti-tank mines were often stacked. The mines were obtained from South Africa, the USSR, Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia. After initial training by the SADF's 25th Field Squadron, an early task of the Field Troop was to conduct mine-awareness training for the other contingents. For the remainder of the deployment, much of the work of the 75 field engineers was clearing exposed mines, marking minefields and clearing routes. Crocker wrote, "for the first time since the Vietnam War, Australian Sappers hand cleared their way into live minefields on seven separate occasions to destroy exposed mines. Similar mines killed several civilians and many animals during the mission. Field engineers of the contingent destroyed over 5,000 items of unexploded ordnance (UXO) ranging from artillery shells, through RPG rockets to grenades. UXO, a legacy of the 20-year Bush War, posed a major hazard to local inhabitants in the northern provinces and to UNTAG personnel in that area".
To support the deployment, the UN leased a number of mine-protected vehicles from the SADF. Most were Buffels, but smaller numbers of Casspir and Wolf vehicles were also leased. These vehicles had excellent mobility, and were well-suited to operations in the harsh Namibian terrain. The contingent also trialled thermal-intensifier technologies, in what is thought to be the first operational use of this technology.
Radio communications.
One of the major difficulties early in the deployment to Namibia was poor radio communications. The Australian contingent was equipped with PRC-F1 HF radios (manufactured by AWA), first issued to the Australian army in 1969. Output power was limited to one or ten watts PEP, and a combination of the March 1989 geomagnetic storm, distance, sand, dry atmospheric conditions and the high water table effectively blocked almost all HF radio communications for the first two months of the deployment. Detachments were often out of radio contact for extended periods, with no satisfactory alternate means of communication except couriers. Because the Australian force operated over large distances, with troop deployments often up to from squadron or force headquarters, courier communications often took days. Later in the deployment, the UN provided the contingent with higher-powered (100W) Motorola Micom X state-of-the-art HF equipment.
Controversy and intimidation.
A number of observers noted that the UNTAG soldiers were not particularly popular with Namibia's 80,000 white residents. Shortly after the Australian advance party arrived in Namibia a pro-Pretoria newspaper accused Australian officers of breaching UN impartiality by attending a cocktail party at which leading members of SWAPO were present, and the incident was widely reported in the international press. Soon afterwards, four Australian and four British soldiers were beaten by a large crowd in Tsumeb, about from squadron headquarters in Grootfontein. During the first few weeks of the deployment, on a number of occasions SADF soldiers discharged firearms in the direction of the Australian contingent or pointed firearms at Australians as a means of intimidation. Corporal Paul Shepherd reported that during Operation Piddock, an SADF soldier threw a grenade (which did not explode) at his assembly point near Ruacana; during the night the South Africans fired in their direction, putting bullet holes in their Unimog truck.
Other concerns.
Before the deployment there was controversy about the government's non-resolution of repatriation entitlements and peacekeeper coverage under the Veterans' Entitlements Act, and it had not decided if the deployment would be considered operational service. The pay and allowance issues were resolved; many other conditions-of-service issues were identified, but not resolved. During the deployment few issues were brought to Parliament's attention, although the issue of mail censorship was raised. During the second contingent's rotation, the soldiers' families had a full-time welfare officer tasked with supporting them.
After the deployment, the issues of appropriate service conditions, awards and recognition took many years to resolve. After serving the required 90-day period, contingent members were entitled to the Australian Service Medal (ASM) for non-warlike service. About 12 years after their return to Australia, the government changed the status of the operation; contingent members were eligible for the Returned from Active Service Badge, and their ASMs were upgraded to the Australian Active Service Medal (AASM). After the 2002 decision Major Nigel Catchlove wrote to the "Army" newspaper, calling it a "pointless upgrade" and saying it "detracts from the award of the AASM to those who truly deserve it". In his letter, Catchlove compared the UNTAG operation to two subsequent operations: the 1st Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment deployment to Somalia during Operation Solace and the deployment of service personnel as part of the International Force for East Timor: "both of those operations involved robust rules of engagement appropriate to the intervention of forces in UN-sanctioned, US or Australian-led multi-national coalitions. UNTAG by way of contrast was a classic peacekeeping operation led by the UN in a relatively benign environment where rules of engagement were focused only on force protection". Catchlove questioned the "half-hearted approach to implementing this appalling decision" in which eligible people must apply for the upgrade, saying this "failed the test of commonsense".
Timeline of Australian involvement in Namibia.
A timeline of key dates is presented in the following table:

</doc>
<doc id="36605641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605641" title="Ri Mi-gyong">
Ri Mi-gyong

Ri Mi-Gyong (born 30 September 1990) is a North Korean table tennis player. She is competing for North Korea at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36605650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605650" title="Na Liu">
Na Liu

Na Liu (born 7 February 1983) is a British table tennis player. Liu was raised in China and has lived in Northern Ireland since 2001, gaining British citizenship in 2008. She competed for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36605656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605656" title="International Convention against Doping in Sport">
International Convention against Doping in Sport

The International Convention against Doping in Sport is a multilateral UNESCO treaty by which states agree to adopt national measures to prevent and eliminate drug doping in sport.
Content.
States that agree to the Convention align their domestic rules with the World Anti-Doping Code, which is promulgated by the World Anti-Doping Agency. This includes facilitating doping controls and supporting national testing programmes; encouraging the establishment of "best practice" in the labelling, marketing, and distribution of products that might contain prohibited substances; withholding financial support from those who engage in or support doping; taking measures against manufacturing and trafficking; encouraging the establishment of codes of conduct for professions relating to sport and anti-doping; and funding education and research on drugs in sport.
Creation and state parties.
The Convention was adopted at the General Conference of UNESCO in Paris on 19 October 2005. It entered into force on 1 February 2007 after it had been ratified by 30 state parties. As of October 2013, the Convention has been ratified by 176 states, which includes 175 UN member states plus the Cook Islands. The following 18 UN members are the states that are "not" parties to the Convention:

</doc>
<doc id="36605662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605662" title="List of butterflies of French Guiana">
List of butterflies of French Guiana

This is a list of butterflies of French Guiana. About 850 species are known from French Guiana.

</doc>
<doc id="36605665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605665" title="Tropical Storm Sanvu">
Tropical Storm Sanvu

The name Sanvu has been used to name two tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name is a Coral and was submitted by Macao. 

</doc>
<doc id="36605703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605703" title="De Vocht">
De Vocht

De Vocht is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36605713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605713" title="SP-306 (Brazil)">
SP-306 (Brazil)


</doc>
<doc id="36605723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605723" title="Alice Beck Cabin">
Alice Beck Cabin

The Alice Beck Cabin, also known as the John T. Robinson Cabin, is a recreational cabin on the eastern shore of Lake McDonald in Glacier National Park, Montana. The cabin was built about 1910 at the same time a number of other summer camps were built, prior to the establishment of the park. Since the park was designated, it has remained a private inholding.
History.
The Beck property was originally part of a homestead developed in the 1890s by Denis and Lydia Comeau, who had near the top of Lake McDonald. Denis Comeau was a sawyer in the winter. The Comeaus sold the parcel that would become the Beck camp to John Robinson in 1905. After their divorce a couple of years later, Denis Comeau left for British Columbia and Lydia subdivided more of her land. The cabin on the Robinson property was built about 1910, possibly by Edward Cruger, who built other similar cabins in the area. The cabin was unoccupied in the 1920s and 1930s, when children from neighboring camps called it the "haunted cabin." The National Park Service, which was buying properties on the lake for the park, did not acquire the Robinson property, and the heir of John Robinson sold it in 1941 to O.M. Junkind. It then passed to Alice Beck, who sold it to Eugene and Luella Fox in 1950. Fox descendants continue to own the property.
Description.
The Beck Cabin is a 1-1/2 story peeled log cabin with a screened porch across the side facing the lake under the extended front gable. It was expanded by framed additions in 1965 and 1975. The interior consists of a main room facing the lake with a sleeping loft above along the back wall. The kitchen is at the back. The additions contain bedrooms.
The Beck Cabin was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 26, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36605730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605730" title="Varun Thapar">
Varun Thapar

Varun Thapar (born 7 May 1985) is an Indian entrepreneur and Director of KCT Coal Sales, a company formed after the division of Thapar Group.
Background.
He is the Executive Director of Karam Chand Thapar & Bros. (Coal Sales) and the Managing Director of Indicon Enterprises Ltd (formerly Indicon Logistics).
He is the great grandson of Karam Chand Thapar,founder of Thapar Group of companies. His grandfather, Mr Inder Mohan Thapar is the Chairman and Managing Director whereas his father Mr. Vikram M. Thapar is the Vice Chairman and Joint Managing Director of Karam Chand Thapar & Bros. (Coal Sales).
Varun Thapar belongs to the fourth generation of the business family founded by his great grandfather Karam Chand Thapar, in Kolkata. His great grandfather Karam Chand Thapar (1900–1963) was the founder of the Thapar Group of companies.During his childhood,he attended school in New Delhi and resided with his grandparents.
Personal life.
Varun was born to a Punjabi speaking family. Varun was schooled at Modern School, Delhi and completed his graduation from Brown University where he double majored in European history and economics. After graduation, he spent a year working for The Exeter Group in New Orleans, implementing Enterprise resource planning systems in higher education institutes.

</doc>
<doc id="36605731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605731" title="Jang Song-man">
Jang Song-man

Jang Song-Man (born 17 August 1985) is a North Korean table tennis player. He is competing for North Korea at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36605734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605734" title="SP-85 (Brazil)">
SP-85 (Brazil)


</doc>
<doc id="36605745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605745" title="Ignacio Conte">
Ignacio Conte

Ignacio 'Nacho' Conte Crespo (born 21 February 1969 in Zaragoza, Aragon) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36605747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605747" title="SP-17">
SP-17


</doc>
<doc id="36605751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605751" title="SP-381">
SP-381


</doc>
<doc id="36605754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605754" title="Zhan Jian">
Zhan Jian

Zhan Jian (born 30 January 1982) is a Singaporean table tennis player. He competed for Singapore in the men's team event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36605772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605772" title="Qingdao No. 1 High School">
Qingdao No. 1 High School

Qingdao No. 1 Middle School of Shandong Province (Chinese: 山东省青岛第一中学) is a high school in Qingdao, Shandong, China.
School History.
February 1924 to October 1924, the school was located in Dengzhou Road(Chinese: 登州路).
October 1924 to April 1938, the school was relocated in Zhanshanda Road(Chinese: 湛山大路).
September 1938 to 1952, the school was relocated in Guizhou Road Primary School(Chinese: 贵州路小学).
1952 to now, the school was relocated in Shanxian Road(Chinese: 单县路).
Famous Alumni.
Luo Gan (Chinese: 罗干)
Zhang Ruimin (Chinese: 张瑞敏)
Huang Xiaoming (Chinese: 黄晓明)

</doc>
<doc id="36605776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605776" title="Ahmed Saleh (table tennis)">
Ahmed Saleh (table tennis)

Ahmed Saleh (born 14 November 1979) is an Egyptian table tennis player. He is competing for Egypt at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36605783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605783" title="Natalie Dell">
Natalie Dell

Natalie Dell O'Brien (born February 20, 1985) is an American female crew rower. She won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the quadruple sculls event. Natalie won a silver medal at the 2011 World Rowing Championships in Bled, Slovenia in the Women's quadruple sculls event. She is a three-time American national team member. Natalie attended the Pennsylvania State University from 2003-2007, where she learned to row as a walk on to the university's club rowing team. She attended Boston University for graduate school and trained at the Riverside Boat Club from 2007-2010 until she was named as a Team USA member in September 2010. She graduated high at Everett High School located in Bedford county in Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="36605784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605784" title="Kara Kohler">
Kara Kohler

Kara Kohler (born January 20, 1991) is an American female crew rower. She won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the quadruple sculls event. Kohler swam through high school and started rowing at University of California, Berkeley. She was a member of the crew that won the I Eight at the 2013 NCAA Rowing Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36605785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605785" title="Adrienne Martelli">
Adrienne Martelli

Adrienne Martelli (born December 3, 1987) is an American female crew rower from University Place, Washington. She won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the quadruple sculls event.
She graduated from Curtis Senior High School and the University of Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="36605786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605786" title="Nataliya Dovhodko">
Nataliya Dovhodko

Nataliya Dovhodko (; born February 7, 1991 in Kyiv) is a Ukrainian female crew rower. She won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the quadruple sculls event. Dovhodko was recognised the Merited Master of Sports for her 2012 Olympic feat.
She represented the Central Sports Club of the Armed Forces of Ukraine (CSK ZSU).

</doc>
<doc id="36605791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605791" title="YadA bacterial adhesin protein domain">
YadA bacterial adhesin protein domain

In molecular biology, YadA is a protein domain which is short for "Yersinia" adhesin A. These proteins have strong sequence and strucutural homology, particularly at their C-terminal end. The function is to promote their pathogenicity and virulence in host cells, though cell adhesion. YadA is found in three pathogenic species of "Yersinia", "Y. pestis," "Y. pseudotuberculosis", and "Y. enterocolitica". The YadA domain is encoded for by a virulence plasmid in "Yersinia", which encodes a type-III secretion (T3S) system consisting of the Ysc injectisome and the
Yop effectors.
Function.
Essentially, the main function of the YadA domain is to help cell adhesion and to increase virulence. YadA is a collagen-binding outer membrane protein. It forms the fibrillar matrix on the bacterial cell surface. This aids cell attachment and helps the bacteria invade eukaryotic cells. Additionally, by forming the fibrillar matrix, the YadA domain protects the bacteria by facilitating agglutination resistance, serum resistance, complement inactivation and phagocytosis resistance.
The importance of adhesins to YadA function and "Yersinia" survival is huge. Attachment further allows more interactions and increase of biofilm formation to aid bacterial colonization. In "Yersinia", it helps initiate the infectious process in host cells and are critical virulence factors. Additionally, bacteria have the ability to regulate adhesin expression, meaning that when "Yersinia" no longer requires YadA, it can be turned off. Furthermore, YadA expression is mainly temperature regulated, at 37 degrees Celsius. It also has two molecular regulators: an activator, VirF and a repressor, YmoA.
Substrate adhesion.
The YadA protein domain adheres to the following substrates:
Protein domains in YadA.
C terminal domain.
The C-terminal domain consists of 120 amino acids which belong to a family of surface-exposed bacterial proteins. The YadA C terminal domain has a particular function in translocating the trimeric N-terminal passenger domain to the exterior of the membrane and is also responsible for trimerisation.
Structure.
C terminal domain structure.
The C terminal region is a transmembrane region which consists of 4 beta strands which form trimers in the outer membrane. The C-terminal contains 9 amino acids which alternate hydrophobic amino acids ending in F (Phenylalanine) or W (Tryptophan), this composes a targeting motif for the outer membrane of the Gram negative cell membrane. This region is important for oligomerisation. The C-terminal domain helps to build the beta barrel pore in the outer membrane.
YadA protein structure.
YadA is a homotrimeric outer membrane protein which forms part of the fibrillar matrix. Simplistically, this means the protein is made of three of the same subunits, on the outer surface of the membrane. The surface is entirely covered in the YadA lollipop structures. made of a short C-terminal membrane anchor, an 18 nm long coiled-coil stem and a 5 nm long N-terminal globular head structure consisting of a left-handed parallel beta roll. YadA is an example of an oligomeric coiled-coil adhesin (Oca). The Oca protein families are a subset of autotransporters, also known as the type Vc or trimeric autotransporters.
Trimerization is thought to involve the coiled-coil stem and the C-terminal membrane anchor, which forms a 12-strand beta-barrelfrom the four transmembrane beta-strands of the three monomers. This beta-barrel would form a pore-like structure through which the N-terminal head and coiled helical domains of the three monomer chains exit to the cell surface. The YadA protein domain,
is a form of trimeric auotransporter adhesins (TAAs). Each TAA must consist of a head, stalk and a beta-barrel membrane anchor.
History.
YadA, an adhesin from "Yersinia", was the first member of this family to be characterised. UspA2 from "Moraxella" was second. The Eib immunoglobulin-binding proteins from "Escherichia coli" were third, followed by the DsrA proteins of "Haemophilus ducreyi", amongst others.
See also.
Trimeric Autotransporter Adhesins (TAA)

</doc>
<doc id="36605792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605792" title="Samsung Galaxy S Plus">
Samsung Galaxy S Plus

The Samsung Galaxy S Plus is an Android smartphone, introduced August 2011. Theoretically it is a slight update of the Samsung Galaxy S model. However, almost all hardware components differ.
The Galaxy S Plus features the Qualcomm Snapdragon S2 MSM8255T chipset with a 1.4 GHz Qualcomm Scorpion processor which is faster than the original Samsung Galaxy S and is accompanied by the Adreno 205 (enhanced) GPU which is slightly slower than the PowerVR SGX540.
The device may be not especially popular. Some developers have nonetheless performed work for this device. It originally came with Android 2.3.3, but it can be upgraded to Android 2.3.6. The device also unofficially supports CyanogenMod versions up to 11.0 (Android 4.4.4). The device's processor can be also overclocked up to 1.8 GHz with a custom kernel.

</doc>
<doc id="36605794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605794" title="Typhoon Guchol">
Typhoon Guchol

The name Guchol has been used to name two tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by the Federated States of Micronesia and is a spice turmeric in the Yapese language.

</doc>
<doc id="36605802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605802" title="Robert Gardos">
Robert Gardos

Robert Gardos (, ; born 16 January 1979 in Budapest) is a Hungarian-born Austrian table tennis player, European Champion and Olympic participant. He plays for the French club Chartres ASTT.
Career.
Early career.
Gardos was born on 16 January 1979 in Budapest, Hungary. He began playing table tennis in his hometown club Budapesti VSC where his father, Gábor Gárdos worked as a coach that time. In 1993 Gardos won the European Youth Championship in singles and in mixed doubles on the side of Mihaela Encea in the cadet category. At the age of 14, he switched his residence to Austria, however, he competed for Hungary until he was 18. In 1998, after a conflict with the Hungarian national team – Gardos was left out from the team and could only compete in the singles event –, he opted to play for Austria in the future, having already obtained the citizenship two years earlier.
Austrian years.
Gardos, who is right handed, began competing for Austria after the three year international suspension for country changing was lifted. He had several success at Table Tennis European Championships, most notably winning the doubles event of the 2012 edition with Daniel Habeson. One year later the duo finished second in the same event having lost the final against Wang Zeng Yi and Tan Ruiwu. In singles, Gardos' best performance came in 2008 in St. Petersburg by finishing third.
Gardos was also present at two Olympic Games in 2008 and 2012. At the 2008 Summer Olympics Gardos faced an early exit in the singles as he was beaten in the second round by Zoran Primorac, thus finished tied-33rd. In the team event, Austria (Robert Gardos, Chen Weixing, Werner Schlager) just missed out a medal as they fell short against South Korea (Oh Sang-Eun, Ryu Seung-Min, Yoon Jae-Young) in the bronze final by a scoreline 1–3.
Gardos did not qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics in singles, but the Austrian team with the same line-up was present at the Games. After an easy victory in the first round (Egypt, 3–0), the team faced eventual bronze medalist Germany and lost without winning a single match (0–3), thus finishing tied-fifth.
Personal life.
His nickname is Robi. His hobbies include playing golf, reading, and listening to music. He speaks German, Hungarian, Spanish, and English.
Style.
Robert Gardos uses the following styles for play:

</doc>
<doc id="36605806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605806" title="Richard Prickett">
Richard Prickett

Richard Prickett was an early settler of Michigan and Wisconsin. He was a fur trapper and an interpreter for the United States government during its early contacts with the Menominee tribe.
Early life.
Richard Prickett was born about 1777 in what is now Greene County, Pennsylvania. At age 13, he was captured by Shawnee Indians on Bear Creek in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania and later taken to Ohio by the Stockbridge tribe. After a number of years, he was given to the Chippewa tribe and Prickett moved to Michilimackinac and worked in the fur trade for 20 years.
Government interpreter.
From 1818 to 1834, Prickett was the government interpreter for the Indian Service with the Menominee tribe. Prickett spoke the Chippewa language but did not speak the Menominee language. He was able to interpret due to the fact that most Menominee chiefs also spoke Chippewa.
In 1823, Prickett claimed a section of land on the west bank of the Fox River near Green Bay, Wisconsin. Prickett subscribed to and sent two of his children to the seminary school at Green Bay. The headmaster at the school described him as "violent and abusive." 
Prickett was the U.S. interpreter for Colonel Samuel C. Stambaugh, along with interpreters R.A. Forsyth, C.A. Grignon, and A.G. Ellis for the 1831 treaty with the Menominee tribe. When the Senate modified the treaty, he interpreted for the second one, in 1832. Prickett later worked for Colonel George Boyd, the U.S. Indian Agent at Green Bay, Wisconsin as an interpreter. He was said to have married a Chippewa and later a Menominee.

</doc>
<doc id="36605808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605808" title="Eduardo Quesada">
Eduardo Quesada

Eduardo Quesada (born 11 October 1963) is a Spanish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36605810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605810" title="Bastian Steger">
Bastian Steger

Bastian Steger (born 19 March 1981) is a German table tennis player. He competed for Germany at the 2012 Summer Olympics where he won a bronze medal in the team event.

</doc>
<doc id="36605821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605821" title="The Feeling (DJ Fresh song)">
The Feeling (DJ Fresh song)

"The Feeling" is a single by English disc jockey DJ Fresh, released as the fourth single from his album "Nextlevelism". RaVaughn is the main vocalist. It was released on 23 September 2012 in the United Kingdom as a digital download on iTunes.
Music video.
The music video was produced in Japan and was directed by Ivan Oglivie. Everyone is riding mopeds that are relatively futuristic. The basis for the music video is about youth and fulfilment thus the title 'The feeling' as in a feeling of ecstasy which is a familiar theme throughout the music video.

</doc>
<doc id="36605823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605823" title="Scream (Dizzee Rascal song)">
Scream (Dizzee Rascal song)

"Scream" is a song by the English rapper, MC, songwriter and record producer Dizzee Rascal, featuring vocals from Pepper. The song was produced by Musical D and Nick Cage and is the first single released from his fifth studio album. It was announced on that "Scream" would serve as one of the official songs for the London 2012 Olympics.
Background.
It was announced on 25 July 2012 that the song would serve as one of five official tracks for the London 2012 Olympics. The song had been demo-ed by Smurfie Syco before finally featuring vocals from Pepper, who has performed with him a handful of times following their first collaboration at last year's V Festival. Pepper was signed to his Dirtee Skank record label after she was discovered on Must Be the Music, where Dizzee appeared as a vocal judge.
Music video.
The music video for the song was uploaded to YouTube on 26 July 2012 at a length of two minutes and thirty-seven seconds.
Critical reception.
Robert Copsey of "Digital Spy" blog gave the song a mixed review stating:
"I feel like Rocky on the steps/ I could have drowned in the blood and the sweat," he insists over punchy beats, swooping strings and twinky electro-swizzles, his flow still packing a considerable punch. As with most sports songs this summer it's not the most lyrically adventurous ("Scream it from your heart/ Feel it from your soul," guest star Pepper sings on the chorus), but as a rousing stadium-filler, it does the job nicely. .

</doc>
<doc id="36605830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605830" title="Unión Deportiva Canarias">
Unión Deportiva Canarias

Club Unión Deportiva Canarias (usually called Canarias) was a professional club founded on 1963 and the club has one First Division title in the professional era. The club is based in Caracas.

</doc>
<doc id="36605834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605834" title="List of butterflies of New Caledonia">
List of butterflies of New Caledonia

This is a list of butterflies of New Caledonia. The total number of Lepidoptera species on New Caledonia is 521 in 304 genera (with 197 endemic species in 17 genera). The total number of butterflies is 72 in 42 genera.

</doc>
<doc id="36605837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605837" title="Taikang Life">
Taikang Life

Taikang Life Insurance Company Limited is a Beijing-based, China-incorporated life insurance company, one of the largest in China, that offers services ranging from life insurance to asset management. It was founded in 1996 by CEO Chen Dongshen and has branches in Beijing, Shanghai, Hubei, Shandong, and Guangdong.
History.
Taikang Life Insurance Co. Ltd. was founded in August 22, 1996, after approval from the People's Bank of China, as a national corporation headquartered in Beijing. Under the guidance of chairman and CEO Chen Dongsheng, Taikang Life Insurance has experienced steady growth from its inception.
From 2006 to 2007, Taikang created the two subsidiaries Taikang Asset Management Co. Ltd. and Taikang Pension Co. Ltd., the former being one of the largest investment corporations in Mainland China (winning the "21st century Gold Shell Prize" in investment performance for four consecutive years) and the latter being one of the first corporations to obtain government approval for the development of a retirement community. Taikang Property Investment Co. Ltd., which focuses on higher risk, opportunistic investments especially in conjunction with real estate and retirement community projects, was created in March of 2010. Taikang Life's premium revenue in 2010 totaled 86.8 billion yuan, representing a year-on-year increase of 29%, and after-tax profits totaled 2.1 billion yuan.
In 2011, Goldman Sachs acquired a 12.02% stake (102.48 million shares) in Taikang Life Insurance from AXA Life Ltd. Taikang Life is preparing for an initial public offering on both the Shanghai and Hong Kong stock exchanges, with an estimated value of $3 million to $4 million.
Operations.
Taikang Life had end-of-year total assets totaling 350 billion yuan and net company assets totaling 12.5 billion yuan in 2011. Taikang has 35 branches throughout China.

</doc>
<doc id="36605889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605889" title="Harry Brokking">
Harry Brokking

Harry Brokking is a Dutch volleyball coach.
In 2007 Brokking was appointed under UK Government funding to lead the Great Britain men's volleyball team into the 2012 Summer Olympics. At the London 2012 games, they lost all 5 matches.
With a funding review in place, Brokking left the GB team to coach volleyball in Tunisia. Brokking's assistant Joel Banks will coach Great Britain at the forthcoming European Volleyball Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36605914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605914" title="Maximilian von Laffert">
Maximilian von Laffert

Maximilian August Hermann Julius von Laffert (10 May 1855 in Lindau – 10 May 1917 in Frankfurt am Main) was a Saxon officer, later General of Cavalry during World War I. He was a recipient of the Pour le Mérite.
Maximilian von Laffert suffered a heart attack while commanding his troops in France and died later in Frankfurt on 20 July 1917. He is interred at the Nordfriedhof in Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="36605922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605922" title="John Copley (artist)">
John Copley (artist)

John Copley (25 June 1875 – 16 July 1950) was a British artist. He was a founder member of the Senefelder Club and served as its honorary secretary from 1910 to 1916. While there he met his future wife, Ethel Léontine Gabain, with whom he had two sons. He won a silver medal in the art competitions at the 1948 Summer Olympics aged 73.
Personal life.
Copley was born in Manchester in 1875. He studied art at the Manchester School of Art and the Royal Academy. He spent ten years in Italy before moving to London. In 1909 Copley and Joseph Pennell started the Senefelder Club to publicise and promote lithography as an artistic medium. Copley was honorary secretary of the club until 1916. During this time he met the French-English artist Ethel Léontine Gabain and the couple married in June 1913.
John and Ethel lived in Kent for a time at The Yews in Longfield. They had two children, Peter and Christopher. Peter went on to have a successful and lengthy career as an actor. The family moved to 10 Hampstead Square, NW3, where they created a studio in which the couple could work together. They moved to Alassio, Italy, where they would stay for two and a half years before moving back to London.
Ethel died on 30 January 1950 at the age of 66. Less than six months later, on 16 July 1950, John also died.
Career.
Copley was influenced by Ford Madox Brown. He became interested in lithography in 1906 and initially worked in colour before exclusively working in black and white. One of his works claimed a prize at Chicago Art Institute's First International Exhibition of Lithographs. In 1947 Copley was honoured as the president of the Royal Society of British Artists.
Olympic success.
Copley submitted an engraving entitled ""Polo Players"" to the art competitions of the 1948 Summer Olympic Games in London. He won the silver medal in the Mixed Painting, Engravings And Etchings category, finishing second behind French artist Albert Decaris. At the time of the competition Copley was 73 years of age, making him the oldest ever Olympic medal winner. The arts competitions are no longer recognised by the International Olympic Committee and, when only considering the sporting competitions, 72 year old Swedish shooter Oscar Swahn is recorded as the oldest medal winner.
The Fine Art Society celebrated Copley's Olympic success at the London Original Print Fair in April 2012. A collection of his works was on display throughout the event.

</doc>
<doc id="36605923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605923" title="Gary Plummer (politician)">
Gary Plummer (politician)

Gary Plummer is an American politician from Maine. Plummer, a Republican, is a member of the Maine Senate representing part of Cumberland County. Plummer was first elected to the Maine House in 2004 and was subsequently re-elected in 2006, 2008 and 2010. He was unable to run for re-election to the Maine House in 2012 and sought to replace G. William Diamond in Maine Senate (District 12). 
Plummer graduated from Gorham Teachers' College in 1968 with a B.A. and from the University of Maine in 1973 with a M.A.
Career.
Plummer began serving in local or state office in 1975. He has served on the Windham Town Council and as a Cumberland County Commissioner. Seeking to replace former Secretary of State William Diamond, Plummer's Democratic opponent withdrew following the primary election. Plummer's only opponent was unenrolled Martin Shuer. In November 2012, Plummer beat Shuer with 58% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="36605947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605947" title="Felicity's Wood">
Felicity's Wood

Felicity's Wood is a woodland in Leicestershire, England, near the village of Woodhouse Eaves. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. 

</doc>
<doc id="36605968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605968" title="Fellside Wood">
Fellside Wood

Fellside Wood is a woodland in Cumbria, England, near the village of Old Hutton. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. 

</doc>
<doc id="36605977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605977" title="Dušan Pavlov">
Dušan Pavlov

Dušan Pavlov (, born 19 July 1989) is a Serbian football player who currently plays for Várda SE.
Born in Kikinda (SFR Yugoslavia), he started playing in a local club FK Kikinda 
In 2011 He signed to Egri FC. He made his Nemzeti Bajnokság II debut on 15 October 2011 against Kazincbarcikai SC
Career.
He made his Nemzeti Bajnokság I debut on 3 August 2012 in a 1–1 drawn to BFC Siófok

</doc>
<doc id="36605988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605988" title="Fernyhalgh Wood">
Fernyhalgh Wood

Fernyhalgh Wood is a woodland in Fulwood, Preston, Lancashire, England. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="36605991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605991" title="Grzegorz Fijałek">
Grzegorz Fijałek

Grzegorz Fijałek (born 11 May 1987 in Andrychów) is a Polish beach volleyball player. He is competing for Poland at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36605998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36605998" title="Kay Matysik">
Kay Matysik

Kay Matysik (born 18 June 1980 in Berlin) is a German beach volleyball player. He is competing for Germany at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36606000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606000" title="Ovčjak">
Ovčjak

Ovčjak (; ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Rožič Vrh.
History.
Ovčjak was a Gottschee German village that was settled in the 17th century. Before the Second World War it had 10 houses. The area was burned by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive in the summer of 1942. The former village is registered as a cultural heritage site.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in Ovčjak include:

</doc>
<doc id="36606004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606004" title="Molino Nuovo">
Molino Nuovo

Molino Nuovo is a quarter of the city of Lugano, in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It lies to the north of the city center, and is the most populous quarter of the city. In 2011, it had a population of 9,267.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="36606007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606007" title="Jonathan Erdmann">
Jonathan Erdmann

Jonathan Erdmann (born 12 March 1988 in Potsdam) is a German beach volleyball player. He is competing for Germany at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36606009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606009" title="Chouaib Bouloudinat">
Chouaib Bouloudinat

Chouaib Bouloudinat or "Bouloudinats" (born January 8, 1987 in Constantine) is an Algerian boxer who won the 2011 All-Africa Games and fought at the 2012 Olympics.
At the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships he beat three opponents, then lost to Siarhei Karneyeu (BLR)
At the 2011 All-Africa Games he won Gold.
He easily won his Olympic qualifier but lost his first bout in London to Yamil Peralta, see Results.

</doc>
<doc id="36606015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606015" title="Jefferson Bellaguarda">
Jefferson Bellaguarda

Jefferson Bellaguarda (born 12 September 1976) is a Swiss beach volleyball player. He is competing for Switzerland at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36606017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606017" title="William de Machlinia">
William de Machlinia

William de Machlinia was an English printer who was active in the 16th century.
Life.
He was born in Malines (Mechelen) in the Low Countries. He moved to London where, since 1483, he worked as an independent printer.
Career.
Between 1483 and 1490 he printed twenty-four books, none of those are dated, though some contain his name and place of printing. He was responsible for the printing of the bull of Pope Innocent III, granting dispensation for the marriage of Henry VII and Elizabeth of York in March 1486.
William de Machlinia published in partnership with Lettou, and they published mostly law books.
William de Machlinia has also collaborated several times with Richard Pynson.

</doc>
<doc id="36606021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606021" title="Daniele Lupo">
Daniele Lupo

Daniele Lupo (born 6 May 1991) is an Italian beach volleyball player. He is competing for Italy at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36606027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606027" title="Martin Reader">
Martin Reader

Martin Reader (born May 2, 1984 in Comox Valley, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian beach volleyball player. He competed for Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics with Josh Binstock. Reader announced his retirement from competition after the London Olympics.
Early life.
Reader was born in Comox Valley, British Columbia. His father, raised in Uganda, worked for the British African police and was a surfer.

</doc>
<doc id="36606028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606028" title="List of paintings by David Folley">
List of paintings by David Folley

The following is a list of paintings by the British Painter David Folley, listed chronologically.

</doc>
<doc id="36606043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606043" title="Grant Goldschmidt">
Grant Goldschmidt

Grant Goldschmidt (born 16 April 1983) is a South African beach volleyball player. He is competing for South Africa at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36606048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606048" title="Freedom Chiya">
Freedom Chiya

Freedom Chiya (born 11 July 1979) is a South African beach volleyball player. He is competing for South Africa at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36606056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606056" title="Konstantin Semenov">
Konstantin Semenov

Konstantin Semenov (born 9 June 1989) is a Russian beach volleyball player. He competed for Russia at the 2012 Summer Olympics with his team mate Sergey Prokopyev finishing at the shared 9th place. As of August 2013 he has won one tournament in the FIVB World Tour and two in the CEV European Tour alongside two other podium spots in the World Tour.

</doc>
<doc id="36606067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606067" title="Sergey Prokopyev">
Sergey Prokopyev

Sergey Prokopyev (born 21 August 1986) is a Russian beach volleyball player. He competed for Russia at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36606072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606072" title="Emmanuel de Buretel">
Emmanuel de Buretel

Civil engineer and graduate of MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology), Emmanuel de Buretel was appointed in 1986 CEO of Virgin Publishing France by Richard Branson and went on to sign artists such as Youssou Ndour, Cheb Khaled, Mano Negra, Les Négresses Vertes.
He was instrumental in the emergence of the hip hop genre in France with successes of IAM, Tonton David and many more.
In 1991, he created Delabel Records and signed artists such as Keziah Jones, IAM, Tonton David, les Rita Mitsouko, Rhoff, -M- and many others.
From 1992, he was at the head of Virgin Records France where he created Delabel, Source, Labels, a collection of creative independent cells under the “labels” banner which was considered to be one of the most credible independent platforms in Europe and an alternative to major companies.
He brought artists like Manu Chao, Air, Daft Punk to international attention when he took over at the head of Virgin Continental Europe back in 1998.
During the same period, Ken Berry, former CEO of EMI Music Worldwide, let him setup his publishing company Delabel Editions.
Emmanuel de Buretel signed writers and composers including Louise Attaque, Daft Punk, Air, Doc Gyneco, Cheb Mami, Madredeus.
He also acquired the catalogs Sidonie Crescelles (Serge Gainsbourg, Julien Clerc, Jacques Brel...) and Vanessa Paradis (first two albums).
He became President of EMI Continental Europe in London in 2001, at the head of a group of 21 subsidiaries within which he developed a catalogue of European artists such as Tiziano Ferro, Lene Marlin or Royksopp, and signed David Guetta under Virgin France. He was instrumental in the acquisition of the independent label Mute by EMI.
In 2002, taking inspiration from the Mercury Prize, he creates the Prix Constantin which rewards young artists for having imprinted their talent on the world every year.
In disagreement with the vision of EMI, he left the company in March 2004 in order to create Because Group, a new independent London and Paris based structure, involved in all aspects of the music industry :
Emmanuel de Buretel was knighted as a member of the French Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.

</doc>
<doc id="36606078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606078" title="Chloreuptychia hewitsonii">
Chloreuptychia hewitsonii

Chloreuptychia hewitsonii is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Brazil (Pará), Surinam and Ecuador.

</doc>
<doc id="36606082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606082" title="Today's Trucking">
Today's Trucking

Today’s Trucking is a Canadian magazine for the heavy duty trucking industry. 
The magazine is based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It was founded in 1987 by Jim Glionna, Rolf Lockwood, Phil Knox, Tony Hohenadel and Wilson Smith. The magazine's current Editor-In-Chief, as of 2004, is Peter Carter. Today’s Trucking is published monthly. The magazine was a bi-monthly publication (issued once every two months) until April 1988 when it became a monthly publication. 
Until 2011, the magazine used to be delivered to subscribers only and it had around 29 000 subscribers. But as of 2011, "Today’s Trucking" replaced a sister magazine called "Highway Star" in truck stops. About 40 000 Highway Star magazines were delivered to truck stops across Canada until the magazine was discontinued in 2011. Its last issue was August 2011. As of 2012, "Today’s Trucking" is delivered to truck stops across Canada as well as by subscription. In total, 54 000 magazines are distributed across Canada. 
"Today's Trucking" is owned by Newcom Business Media, which also owns "Truck&Trailer, Transport Routier,Plumbing & HVAC and Canadian Technician", as well as three trucking expositions: Truck World, Expocam and Vocational Truck & Equipment Expo. 
In 2012, Today’s Trucking won the Canadian Society of Magazine Editors (CSME) award for Trade Magazine of the year. Truck Writers of North America (TWNA) presented founding editor, Rolf Lockwood, with the TWNA lifetime achievement award.
References.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="36606094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606094" title="Agelas">
Agelas

Agelas is a genus of demosponge. It is the only member of the family Agelasidae. Members of this genus are filter feeders. and occur in the West Indies, the Mediterranean Sea, the Red Sea and the Indian Ocean in shallow waters down to a depth of or exceptionally . Some authorities report that the spongin fibres contain no coring spicules while others report that there are some of variable length. 
Species.
The World Register of Marine Species includes the following species in the genus: 

</doc>
<doc id="36606118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606118" title="Đoàn Thị Điểm">
Đoàn Thị Điểm

Đoàn Thị Điểm (段氏點, 1705–48) was a Vietnamese woman poet.
She is best known for her biography of the goddess Liễu Hạnh and her version of Đặng Trần Côn's poem "Lament of a Soldier's Wife" (Chinh phụ ngâm) from chữ Hán into vernacular chữ nôm. The "Lament" is an example of "song thất lục bát" ("double seven, six eight") form.

</doc>
<doc id="36606143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606143" title="Jervaughn Scales">
Jervaughn Scales

Jervaughn Scales (born August 8, 1971) is an American-Argentinian basketball player. His professional career began in 1994 after graduating from Southern University, and as of 2011–12 he plays for Huracán de Trelew in Argentina's Torneo Nacional de Ascenso. As of 2013, he's playing for San Lorenzo de Almagro in Argentina's Torneo Federal de Básquetbol.
Early life.
A native of New York City, Scales and his family moved four different times within the metropolitan area before he was 15 years old. They relocated, permanently, to Dayton, Ohio at that time, and it was in Ohio that he discovered how much he enjoyed playing basketball. Due to low test scores, Scales did not get recruited out of high school. Only Southern University took a calculated risk in recruiting him, although he was forced to sit out his freshman season due to Proposition 48 rules.
College.
In his three years of eligibility between 1991–92 and 1993–94, Scales had a standout career. He led the Southern Jaguars to the 1993 NCAA Tournament as a junior. As a #13 seed, they upset the heavily favored #4 seed Georgia Tech 93–78 behind Scales' 27 points and 18 rebounds. They lost in the next round, however. As a senior, he finished in the top 5 in the nation for both scoring average and rebounding average. At one point during that season he was number one in both statistical categories and could have joined Kurt Thomas, Hank Gathers and Xavier McDaniel as the only players in Division I history to have led the nation in both categories in the same season. On February 7, 1994, Scales grabbed 32 rebounds in a game against Grambling State, which is tied for the third-highest total in the post-1973 basketball era. At the end of his senior year he was named the Southwestern Athletic Conference Player of the Year.
Professional.
Scales went unselected in the 1994 NBA Draft. He has since carved out a professional career in various countries, including Argentina (Alianza Viedma, A. Espanola, MH Basket, San Lorenzo de Almagro), Australia (Canberra Cannons), and Chile. He eventually acquired dual citizenship in Argentina where he continues to play today.

</doc>
<doc id="36606147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606147" title="Taygetis">
Taygetis

Taygetis is a genus of satyrid butterfly found in the Neotropic ecozone.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36606152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606152" title="Detached Mole, Gibraltar Harbour">
Detached Mole, Gibraltar Harbour

The Detached Mole is a breakwater located at the western aspect of the middle section of Gibraltar Harbour, in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar, at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula. The Detached Mole, with the rest of harbour, is just north of the east entrance to the Strait of Gibraltar and was the site of the Detached Mole Battery. In addition to the role the breakwater plays in the defence of and access to the harbour, the Detached Mole provides berths for ships. The area adjacent to the mole is also a source of recreational and research opportunities, with dive sites at the wrecks of sunken ships.
History.
The Detached Mole at Gibraltar Harbour, in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar, is one of a trio of breakwaters that provides protection to the harbour, in addition to that which results from the presence of the Rock of Gibraltar on its east side. The Detached Mole is positioned at the western aspect of the middle section of the harbour, which is located just north of the east entrance to the Strait of Gibraltar. The Detached Mole is 800 metres in length. Yachting facilities, including the Queensway Quay Marina, are also in the middle section of the harbour. The marina is privately owned and contains 160 berths for yachts. That section of the harbour is also home to Cormorant Camber and the Coaling Island quay.
The south end of the Detached Mole, its "B" Head, is the site of the Gibraltar Detached Mole ("B" Head) Lighthouse. Its light characteristic is a quick, flashing red light, and it has a range of 5 nautical miles. The north end of the Detached Mole, its "C" Head, is the site of the Gibraltar Detached Mole ("C" Head) Lighthouse. The light characteristic is a quick, flashing green light, with a range of 5 nautical miles.
The south entrance to Gibraltar Harbour, between the "A" Head of the South Mole and the "B" Head of the Detached Mole, is controlled by the Queen's Harbourmaster. Commercial boats typically use the north entrance to the harbour, between the "C" Head of the Detached Mole and the "D" Head of the Western Arm of the North Mole. Berths utilised by U.S. Navy ships on the Detached Mole include Piers 51 and 52. 
The Detached Mole was constructed of concrete blocks, each weighing 28 tons. The wall was built upon a foundation of rubble stone that was first deposited by barges and then leveled by divers before the placement of the concrete blocks. The Detached Mole was begun before 1888 and completed in 1901. It is of more recent vintage than the South Mole which was first constructed in the early seventeenth century (1620) as the New Mole, to distinguish it from the Old Mole. The North Mole, formerly known as the Commercial Mole, was a late nineteenth and early twentieth century extension of the Old Mole (begun in 1618) and its extension, the Devil's Tonque (constructed 1779-1783).
In 1888, the sank off the Detached Mole after several collisions. The wreck has split in two, and the ship is upside down on the sea bed. The wreck of the steel-clad steamship is now a popular dive site. On 18 January 1942, the , an anti-submarine trawler, was sunk by an explosion in Gibraltar Harbour. The and were also severely damaged. It was eventually learned that the explosion on the Erin was the result of sabotage. A Spaniard who worked in the naval dockyard had packed a bomb inside one of the ship's depth charges. It is believed that the remains of the trawler were dragged through the north entrance to the harbour and dumped outside the Detached Mole. The "Inner and Outer" are two popular dive sites located off the Detached Mole. Both are felt to represent the remains of the HMT "Erin". The first annual "Adopt a Wreck" Award was made in 2003 to the Gibraltar Museum's Underwater Research Unit and the Joint Services Dive Club for their work off Gibraltar's detached mole. It was in recognition of their research of the "Inner and Outer" sites. This annual award is given to the individual or group who has made the most substantial "contribution to maritime archaeology and research through the adoption process."
The ownership of the Detached Mole passed from the UK Ministry of Defence to be completely owned by the Government of Gibraltar in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36606153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606153" title="Gradec, Črnomelj">
Gradec, Črnomelj

Gradec (; sometimes "Zagradec"; , "Groditz", or "Grodez"; Gottscheerish: "Grodetz") is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region. Its territory is now part of the village of Rožič Vrh.
Name.
The toponym "Gradec" is relatively common in Slovenia and is derived from the Slovene common noun "gradec" 'small walled settlement' (which only later developed the contemporary meaning 'castle, chateau'). However, the linguist Anton Breznik (1881–1944) proposed that in this case the name is derived from the Slovene noun "grod" 'rib, ridge', referring to the location of the settlement on a ridge. The German name "Grodetz" is derived from the Slovene name.
History.
Gradec was a Gottschee German village. It was not mentioned in the land registry of 1574 or in the census of 1770, and so it was presumably founded later. Before the Second World War it had six houses and a population of 33. The residents were evicted in the fall of 1941 and the area was burned by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive in the summer of 1942. After the war a logger's cabin was built at the site, which is accessible by a forest road. The former village is registered as a cultural heritage site.
Mass grave.
Gradec is the site of a mass grave associated with the Second World War. The Zagradec Mass Grave () is located in a sinkhole below a forest trail and hay meadow southeast of the settlement. The grave contains the remains of 61 Roma from Kanižarica that were murdered on 21 July 1942.
Church.
A chapel of ease dedicated to the Holy Cross stood in the village. It served as a pilgrimage destination. According to oral tradition, the church was built between 1550 and 1580.

</doc>
<doc id="36606164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606164" title="Lemonia ballioni">
Lemonia ballioni

Lemonia ballioni is a species of moth of the Lemoniidae family. It was described by Christoph in 1888. The range includes Turkey, Ukraine and Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36606167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606167" title="It Goes, It Goes (Forever &amp; Ever)">
It Goes, It Goes (Forever &amp; Ever)

It Goes, It Goes (Forever & Ever) is the debut album by Dublin band Halves.
It was released late 2010 in Ireland (and June 2011 in UK/Europe) through the band's own record label
'Hateistheenemy'.
Recording.
Recorded in the legendary Hotel2Tango studios in Montreal (housed in a former alarm factory beside a freight railroad) and tracked over two sunny weeks in August 2009, It Goes, It Goes (Forever & Ever) was created with the use of the studio's vast collection of instruments, amps, organs, effects (most of which dated from 1930's-1980's). Eleven songs were recorded live, in one large room on 2" reel-to-reel tape by Efrim Menuck (Godspeed You! Black Emperor), Howard Bilerman and Radwan Moumneh.
On returning to Ireland additional recording resumed with Richard McCullough in the band's own studio 'The Windfarm' and in various locations nationwide. Guest performers on the record include: Amy Millan (Stars/Broken Social Scene), Katie Kim, Phil Boughton (Subplots), Canadian harpist Elaine Kelly-Canning, Irish Chamber brass and string players and twenty-seven members of the Kilkenny choir.
The album's title 'It Goes, It Goes' refers to a signal the band were given by their engineer one day that the tape machine was rolling, making them laugh and ruin the take.
Release.
The album was released on cd, mp3 and deluxe vinyl on October 30, 2010 on their own Hateisthenemy label. The vinyl edition is gatefold 180grm vinyl with the album's lyrics etched on the D side. Reviews from Ireland and the UK were unanimously positive and praised it for its bold amibition "a debut that works from its first moment to its last...music that belongs to the witching hour" (The Irish Times Album Of The Week). In January 2011 it was announced that the album had been nominated for the 2010 Choice Music Prize. The band performed two tracks at the ceremony in March that year but the award went to Two Door Cinema Club. In April 2012 the band released 'Live at The Unitarian Church' on vinyl for Record Store Day which features updated versions of songs from 'It Goes, It Goes' plus songs from their first EP releases.
At the beginning of 2011, brothers Donal and Colum Mangan combined their collective talents to produce a stunning video for the song, 'Darling, You'll Meet Your Maker' from the album. The video combines the fields of model making, stop motion animation and computer animation. It depicts a small mouse's efforts to survive following the loss of his partner and his eventual survival and revenge against the perpetrator. The video can be seen at the following link ::
Halves - Darling, You'll Meet Your Maker
Track listing.
All tracks written by Halves.

</doc>
<doc id="36606170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606170" title="Lemonia beirutica">
Lemonia beirutica

Lemonia beirutica is a species of moth of the Lemoniidae family. It was described by Daniel in 1965. The range includes Israel and Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="36606174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606174" title="Joseph-Léon Saint-Jacques">
Joseph-Léon Saint-Jacques

Joseph-Léon Saint-Jacques (July 13, 1877 – September 24, 1964) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Argenteuil from 1925 to 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="36606175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606175" title="Choi Nicholas Edward">
Choi Nicholas Edward

Choi Nicholas Edward () is a Hong Kong fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606177" title="Lemonia pauli">
Lemonia pauli

Lemonia pauli is a species of moth of the Lemoniidae family. It was described by Staudinger in 1894. The range includes Israel, Syria, Jordan and Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="36606185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606185" title="Anas Mostafa">
Anas Mostafa

Anas Mostafa is an Egyptian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606189" title="Lahoussine Ali">
Lahoussine Ali

Lahoussine Ali (born 16 August 1974) is a Moroccan fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606192" title="Bojan Jovanović">
Bojan Jovanović

Bojan Jovanović is a Croatian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606199" title="Husayn Rosowsky">
Husayn Rosowsky

Husayn Rosowsky (born Sheffield, 1991) is a British fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the first round. Husayn also competed in the Men's foil team event, where in the first round Great Britain beat the Egyptian Team, but in the quarter final TeamGB lost to Italy.
In 2008 he won an individual bronze medal at the U17 World Championships in Acireale in Sicily. In 2010 he won an individual bronze medal and a team bronze medal in the U20 European Championships in Moscow. In 2010,he was U20 UK National Foil Champion and reached the quarter finals of the World University Games in 2011. Later that year, he won the Leon Paul International in London and was the Senior UK National Foil Champion.
He represented Great Britain at the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="36606203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606203" title="The Descent from the Cross (David Folley)">
The Descent from the Cross (David Folley)

The Descent from the Cross by David Folley was commissioned by The Revd. Raymond Chudley to mark his retirement in 1996 as team leader of St Andrew's Church, Wickford, Essex.
Over the centuries The Descent from the Cross or Deposition of Christ or Descent of Christ from the Cross, has been a common subject in Christian art. Famous examples from the old masters include those by Sir Peter Paul Rubens, Rembrandt, Jacopo Pontormo and Rogier van der Weyden whose work deeply influenced Folley’s geometric composition.
Folley’s homage to Rogier van der Weyden’s masterpiece is a modern interpretation to “inspire the viewer to contemplate the historical, human and mystical elements of the crucifixion”. It was rendered by the painter in response to The Revd. Raymond Chudley (The Donor and Benefactor) request to create a work where the “viewer receives more from it the more he or she looks”.
Folley’s controversial commission received a mixed response. The Ecclesiastical response to the work was approval; the Rev. Chudley said “It is slightly controversial, perhaps, but so dramatic. The viewer receives more from it the more he or she looks”. In his dedication of the work The Bishop of Bradwell, the Right Reverend Laurie Green explained to the congregation that Folley “has depicted the Descent of the Body of Christ from the Cross like the icons of old” to “meditate and reflect on the scene of utter horror”. In the transcript of the dedication he continues, “We want the brutal truth told but not in a brutal way”. In summing up his dedication The Bishop stated: "This was truth seen through the believing eye of the artist […]We should embrace the vision".
Others however found the work to be ‘savage’. On the last visit the painter made to view the work in 2007 he found the painting behind a curtain; as the church warden informed him, “unfortunately, some of our congregation still find the image too painful to look at”.
The commission remit from The Revd. Raymond Chudley was to paint a work which engages, inspires and up lifts the viewer to contemplate the historical and mystical human presence as found in the scene. With this in mind the painter included many Christian iconographic references. Two examples from the painter’s private notes: Firstly, in keeping with the fifteenth century tradition, the Revd. Chudley has been depicted in the role of the doner; kneeling in prayer with his attention transfixed upon the body of Christ. Secondly, the painter has included himself in the painting not as an ego motive but as a reflection of the Horation adage; 'the painter must live through his subjects’ actions so that their depiction is emotionally convincing.
The Revd Chudley was introduced to Folley in 1976 when he was curate-in-charge of the Plymouth parish of Leigham and Glenholt where the painter had a studio. At the time, the painter was painting his version of the crucifixion inspired by Hieronymus Bosch’s The Garden of Earthly Delights. Impressed by the teenager’s artistic ability The Revd Chudley asked if he could have the finished work. Unfortunately it was never finished and subsequently destroyed by the painter in 1982.
Twenty years later in 1995, Folley was commissioned to paint a large altar painting depicting Christ's Descent from the Cross. The painting’s first public unveiling was on Thursday 28 March 1996 at St. Andrew's Church Plymouth prior to the painting’s transportation to Wickford. The Bishop of Bradwell the Rt Revd. Dr. Laurie Green, unveiled and blessed the work on May 5, 1996, at the 09.30am Eucharist.

</doc>
<doc id="36606210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606210" title="Michael Pollock (disambiguation)">
Michael Pollock (disambiguation)

Michael Pollock (1916–2006) was a British Admiral of the Fleet and First Sea Lord.
Michael Pollock may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36606211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606211" title="Radu Dărăban">
Radu Dărăban

Radu Dărăban (born on 26 June 1983) is a Romanian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the second round by Italy's Valerio Aspromonte.

</doc>
<doc id="36606215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606215" title="Kenta Chida">
Kenta Chida


</doc>
<doc id="36606218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606218" title="Tarek Ayad">
Tarek Ayad

Tarek Ayad is an Egyptian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606220" title="Étienne Lalonde Turbide">
Étienne Lalonde Turbide

Étienne Lalonde Turbide (sometimes Lalonde-Turbide) is a Canadian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606224" title="Ryo Miyake">
Ryo Miyake


</doc>
<doc id="36606225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606225" title="Nguyễn Gia Thiều">
Nguyễn Gia Thiều

Nguyễn Gia Thiều (阮嘉韶, 1741-1798), also Ôn Như Hầu was a Vietnamese poet during the reign of emperor Lê Hiển Tông.
His best known work, the "Lament of a Royal Concubine" or "The Complaints of the Royal Harem," (Cung Oán Ngâm Khúc) is an example of "song thất lục bát" ("double seven, six eight") form of nôm poetry in the "ngâm" "lament" style.

</doc>
<doc id="36606230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606230" title="Guilherme Toldo">
Guilherme Toldo

Guilherme Toldo is a Brazilian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606231" title="Daniel Gómez (fencer)">
Daniel Gómez (fencer)

Daniel Gómez (fencer) is a Mexican fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606232" title="Enzo Lefort">
Enzo Lefort

Enzo Lefort (born 29 September 1991) is a French foil fencer.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the second round. In the 2013–14 season he won the Challenge International de Paris and climbed the podium in Venice, Saint-Petersburg and Havana. As of June 2014 he stands 4th in the FIE rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="36606235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606235" title="Miles Chamley-Watson">
Miles Chamley-Watson

Miles Chamley-Watson is a British-born American fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the second round. He is the 2013 Individual Foil World Champion.
Childhood.
Miles Chamley-Watson was born in London on December 3, 1989. He spent the first 8 years of his life as a resident of the UK until he and his family moved to the United States. Upon arriving to the US, Chamley-Watson and his family settled in New York City, where he would begin fencing one year later. After spending 4 years in New York City, Chamley-Watson and his family settled in Philadelphia.
College.
Chamley-Watson earned a full scholarship to the Pennsylvania State University in the year 2008. During his tenure at Penn State, Chamley-Watson majored in Sports Management, where he transferred what he had learned and what he was continuing to learn from the sport of fencing to help boost his knowledge in his area of study.
Freshman Year (2008–2009).
During Chamley-Watson's freshman year as a Division I NCAA fencer, he maintained a 19–4 record. He advanced to the semi-finals round in the national championship tournament in the men's foil category. However, Chamley-Watson was defeated in the semi-finals 15 to 14 by teammate Nicholas Chinman. The Nittany Lions Fencing team ended the tournament on top as the 2008–2009 National Team Champions.
Sophomore Year (2009–2010).
Much like his freshman year, Chamley-Watson went to the semi-final round of the NCAA championships. This time, Chamley-Watson was defeated by Notre Dame's Olympic fencer Gerek Meinhardt.
Junior Year (2010–2011).
Nearing the end of his collegiate career, Chamley-Watson had the choice to redshirt his junior year of college or choose to compete and redshirt his senior year. Chamley-Watson decided to compete in the NCAA Championships his junior year and redshirt his senior year.
Senior Year (2011–2012).
After finishing 2nd place in men's foil at the NCAA tournament, Chamley-Watson decided that it was time to utilize his allotted redshirt year. During this hiatus from NCAA competition, Chamley-Watson privately practiced fencing. Chamley-Watson would earn himself the top spot on the United States' Olympic Fencing team as a foil fencer.
Olympic career.
Chamley-Watson entered the 2012 Summer Olympics as the #2 ranked foil fencer. His first round in the games he was presented a bye into the next round. In the second round, Chamley-Watson was set to fence Abouellkassem, an opponent representing the country of Egypt, and was defeated 15 – 10.

</doc>
<doc id="36606236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606236" title="Bhavan's Varuna Vidyalaya">
Bhavan's Varuna Vidyalaya

Bhavan's Varuna Vidyalaya, a joint venture of the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan and NPOL, Ministry of Defence, is a senior secondary school affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education. The school is situated at Thrikkakara, in the city of Kochi, India.
History.
The school was started in 1992 to cater to the educational requirements of the children of NPOL employees. The school started with 114 students and 10 staff. The school functions under the purview of the Kochi Kendra of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan.The school is now one of the best schools in Kerala.
Academics.
The 8th standard batch of 2009 and 2010 recorded a high of six NSTE scholars each. The students have done well in the past years in the 10th and 12th standard board exams. The students also do well in the JEE and other entrance exams.
Today.
The school has six other schools in Kochi, which include: Bhavan's Girinagar, Bhavan's Vidya Mandir - Elamakkara, Bhavan's Vidya Mandir - Eroor, Bhavan's Adarsha Vidyalaya, Bhavan's Munshi Vidyashram and Bhavan's Newsprint Vidyalaya.
The school has over 1000 students from classes 1 to 12 who are taught by a teaching staff of over 70. Apart from curricular activities, students are offered training in arts, sports and music.
The motto is the same as that of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan: "Let noble thoughts come to us from every side."
Houses.
There are eight houses into which the students are divided, with about five 5 students of each house per class. These houses are named after moral values which the student try to keep. The houses are:
Each house has a captain, vice-captain and a teacher in charge. A period in the weekly time-table of the secondary students is reserved for house-activity, where they join house members from others and try honing their skills in debate, chart-making, drama and dance.
This year, the varunites celebrated the 125th Birth anniversary of Dr.K.M.Munshi along with 75 successful years of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan. An exhibition competition was conducted house-wise. Every house captains and vice captains worked hard for this and made it a grand success. The first place was bagged by Ahimsa House, showing the best cubicle.
Activities.
The school hosts an annual cultural event called 'Insignia' conducted by all the 11th graders of the year, which develops their organizational skills. Insignia events include Vinquizzitive (Quiz) and Versetality (Poetry Recitation).
The school hosts an annual interschool Science meet 'Vigyanotsav'. The competitions, including Science exhibitions, Quiz and Model making, aims at bringing out the scientific aptitude in each student. Varuna also conducts the Varuna Cup volleyball tournament and the Varuna Cup chess tournament. The year 2011 also saw Varuna becoming the host school for 'South Zone Bhavan's Youth Festival' and '14th all Kerala CBSE (Cluster VI) Volleyball tournament'. Other activities include the SEED programme under 'Mathrubhumi' which aims at environmental conservation.
Achievements.
Vivek Venugopal and Anirudh Balagopal of Bhavans Varuna Vidyalaya were among the top 6 finalists in the prestigious TCS IT Wiz, for both the year 2010-11 and 2011-12 consistently. In the year 2010-11, they were the one of the only two teams from Cochin to qualify for the finals
. The school also fares well in other quizzes with main school quiz team consisting of Nandu Ashok and Sohail Nijas having won numerous inter-school quizzes.

</doc>
<doc id="36606239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606239" title="James-Andrew Davis">
James-Andrew Davis

James-Andrew Davis (born 3 July 1991) is a British fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606241" title="Mohamed Samandi">
Mohamed Samandi

Mohamed Samandi is a Tunisian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606249" title="Giancarlo Bigazzi">
Giancarlo Bigazzi

Giancarlo Bigazzi (5 September 1940 – 19 January 2012) was an Italian music producer and composer. He was a former member of comedy music group "Squallor". 
Life and career.
Born in Firenze, he was one of the best known authors and lyricists of the Italian music. He signed some of the most successful record of Italian pop music, many of which became international hits, such as "Gloria", "Self Control", "No Me Ames", "Tu", "Take the Heat off Me", "Mama". He was also a film score composer; among his soundtracks "Mery per sempre", "Ragazzi fuori" and the Oscar-winner "Mediterraneo".

</doc>
<doc id="36606250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606250" title="Sebastian Bachmann">
Sebastian Bachmann

Sebastian Bachmann (born November 24, 1986 in Tauberbischofsheim) is a German fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the third round. As a member of the men's team he won a bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36606253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606253" title="Victor Sintès">
Victor Sintès

Victor Sintès (born 8 August 1980 in Caen) is a French fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the third round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606254" title="Alexander Massialas">
Alexander Massialas

Alexander Massialas is an American fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil.
Early life.
Massialas was born and raised in San Francisco, California. His father is of Greek heritage and his mother is an immigrant from Taiwan.
He attended Drew School in San Francisco, California before being enrolled at Stanford University on a fencing scholarship in the fall of 2012. He closed his freshman season by winning the 2013 NCAA title in individual men's foil. 

</doc>
<doc id="36606257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606257" title="Artur Akhmatkhuzin">
Artur Akhmatkhuzin

Artur Akhmatkhuzin () is a Russian foil fencer, silver medallist in the 2013 World Fencing Championships.
Career.
Akhmatkhuzin made his debut in international competition at the 2005 Cadet World Championships in Linz, where he earned a bronze medal. That same year, he joined the cadet and junior national team, with which he won a team gold medal in the 2005 Junior European Championships at Tapolca, a team silver medal in the 2007 Junior European Championship in Prague, and a team bronze medal in the 2007 World European Championships in Belek.
In the seniors, Akhmatkhuzin placed second in the 2012 Venise Grand Prix, his first podium in the Fencing World Cup. He took part in the 2012 Summer Olympics, but was defeated in the table of 16 by China's Ma Jianfei. In 2013 he won the A Coruña World Cup and earned a bronze medal in the Prince Takamado World Cup. Ranked 6th before the 2013 World Fencing Championships in Budapest, he defeated Olympic silver medallist Alaaeldin Abouelkassem in the table of 16, then Olympic champion Lei Sheng and Ukraine's Rostyslav Hertsyk to reach the final against Miles Chamley-Watson of the United States. Distanced early in the bout, he was defeated 6–15 and ended up with a silver medal. Later in 2013 Akhmatkhuzin took part in the 2013 World Combat Games. He was defeated by Great Britain's Richard Kruse in the semi-finals and met Chamley-Watson for the third place. This time he defeated the American 15–12 to take the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36606265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606265" title="Ma Jianfei">
Ma Jianfei

Ma Jianfei () is a Chinese fencer born on 24 July 1984 in Chaozhou. He won a silver medal in the team foil event of the 2011 World Fencing Championships at Catania.
In 2012, Ma made the podium three times in the Fencing World Cup, including a gold medal in the Prince Takamado World Cup. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the quarter-finals by Korea's Choi Byung-chul, who eventually earned a bronze medal. Ma finished the 2012–13 season third in world rankings.
In the 2013–14 season, Ma won the Ciudad de A Coruña World Cup and the Venice Grand Prix. He also earned a silver medal in the Löwe von Bonn World Cup and a bronze medal in the Prince Takamado World Cup. These results pushed him to the first place of the world rankings in May 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36606271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606271" title="Valerio Aspromonte">
Valerio Aspromonte

Valerio Aspromonte (born 16 March 1987) is an Italian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the quarterfinals. However he was a member of the Italian team in the men's foil team event which won the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36606273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606273" title="Aleksey Cheremisinov">
Aleksey Cheremisinov

Aleksey Cheremisinov () is a Russian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's foil, but was defeated in the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36606280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606280" title="Taygetis thamyra">
Taygetis thamyra

Taygetis thamyra, the Andromeda Satyr, is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family. It is found in Surinam, Colombia, Brazil (Amazonas, Rio de Janeiro, Rondônia) and the Guyanas.

</doc>
<doc id="36606288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606288" title="Georges Dansereau">
Georges Dansereau

Georges Dansereau (December 15, 1867 – December 26, 1934) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Argenteuil from 1927 until his death in 1934. He was also mayor of Grenville, Quebec, serving terms in 1910-1912, 1914, 1915, and 1933-1934. He was the father of Georges-Étienne Dansereau.

</doc>
<doc id="36606292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606292" title="Tsvetan Sokolov">
Tsvetan Sokolov

Tsvetan Sokolov () is a Bulgarian volleyball player. He was born in Dupnitsa, Bulgaria. He wears the No. 19 shirt in the Bulgarian national team where he plays in since 2008. He is one of the FIVB Heroes.
Sokolov won bronze medal with the national team in 2009 Men's European Volleyball Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36606294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606294" title="Dmitriy Alexanin">
Dmitriy Alexanin

Dmitriy Alexanin () is a Kazakhstani épée fencer.
Alexanin began fencing in 2002 at the instigation of his mother. His first coach was Igor Yarmolkevich. He was then placed under the responsibility of national épée coach Valery Dimov. He made his international debut in the 2010–11 season at the Legnano World Cup. A year later, he won the bronze at the Trophée Monal. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's épée, but was defeated in the first round by Silvio Fernández. He placed 5th at the 2013 Asian Fencing Championships in Shanghai and 7th at the 2013 World Fencing Championships in Budapest. He currently stands 21st, a career best, in FIE rankings.
Alexanin studied at the Kazakh Academy of Sports and Tourism. His elder brother Sergey is also a fencer.

</doc>
<doc id="36606300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606300" title="Park Kyoung-doo">
Park Kyoung-doo

Park Kyoung-doo (Hangul: 박경두; born August 3, 1984 in Haenam, Jeollanam-do) is a South Korean épée fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's épée, but was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606305" title="Leung Ka Ming">
Leung Ka Ming

Leung Ka Ming () At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's épée, but was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606309" title="Pavel Sukhov">
Pavel Sukhov

Pavel Sukhov (, born 7 May 1988) is a Russian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's épée, but was defeated in the first round by eventual bronze medal Jung Jin-sun. He won the bronze medal in the 2013 World Fencing Championships. 

</doc>
<doc id="36606313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606313" title="Athos Schwantes">
Athos Schwantes

Athos Schwantes is a Brazilian fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's épée, but was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606325" title="Abdelkarim El Haouari">
Abdelkarim El Haouari

Abdelkarim El Haouari (born 19 December 1993) is a Moroccan fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's épée, but was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606327" title="Ruslan Kudayev">
Ruslan Kudayev

Ruslan Kudayev (born in 1980 in Andijan Province) is an Uzbekistani fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's épée, but was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36606330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606330" title="Max Heinzer">
Max Heinzer

Max Heinzer is a Swiss fencer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's épée, but was defeated in the second round. He began fencing at age 5 when his older brother (Michael) introduced him to fencing.

</doc>
<doc id="36606333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606333" title="Aaron Cohen-Gadol">
Aaron Cohen-Gadol

Aaron A. Cohen-Gadol (born November 23, 1970) is an American neurosurgeon specializing in surgical treatment of brain tumors and aneurysms. He is currently an associate professor in the department of neurosurgery at Indiana University School of Medicine and Goodman Campbell Brain and Spine.
He is one of the few surgeons in the United States who performs brain tumor removal via endoscopic techniques which uses the natural nasal pathways without opening the skull. Using this technique, he provides patients with more effective surgeries and faster recovery.
He has contributed to the refinement of intraoperative fluorescent technologies to maximize removal of brain tumors and improve patients' survival. The fluorescent technology causes the brain tumor to "glow," enabling the surgeon to detect invisible margins of the tumor.
Early life.
Aaron Cohen-Gadol (Cohen) was born in a Conservative Jewish family in Tehran, Iran. His father is a businessman and mother is a homemaker. Following the Iranian revolution in 1979 and subsequent persecution of Jews, he escaped Iran through Kavir Desert in Southeast Iran (harboring one of the most hostile weathers in Iran) and became a refugee at the United Nations in Pakistan. He ultimately was able to reach the United States through the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society in Austria at the age of 19.
He completed his undergraduate (B.A. in bioengineering) and M.D. degrees from the University of California at San Diego and Keck School of Medicine of USC, respectively.
Career.
He completed his residency training in neurosurgery at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota. He also completed advanced fellowship training in two subspecialties: epilepsy surgery (Yale University) and skull base/cerebrovascular surgery (University of Arkansas Medical Sciences.) He also attained a master's degree in Clinical Research from Mayo Clinic Graduate School.
He is currently involved in the care of patients requiring brain surgery, specifically for a variety of brain tumors (gliomas and meningiomas,) complex brain tumors (skull base, acoustic, and pituitary tumors,) cerebral aneurysms and arteriovenous malformations, trigeminal neuralgia, hemifacial spasm, and seizure surgery.
Dr. Cohen is an internationally renowned neurosurgeon who takes on the most difficult surgical cases with optimal results. He is among the few surgeons in the world who has successfully performed such a high number of complex brain tumor and aneurysm surgeries. 
He has written and contributed to approximately 230 peer-reviewed publications.
He founded the AANS Operative Grand Rounds in 2009, which is a comprehensive web-based resource for training neurosurgeons across the world.
He has created several apps to assist patients and health care professionals. In cooperation with the Brain Aneurysm Foundation and the Neurosurgical Atlas, he created the Brain Aneurysm app, a collection of instructional videos and information that assists in raising public awareness of brain aneurysms. The app also connects to the Brain Aneurysm Foundation patient forum so users can stay connected wherever they are. The tool is intended to empower patients about their condition and encourage them to make well-informed decisions about their aneurysm care. 
In addition, the AANS Grand Rounds apps contain a comprehensive collection of videos that were produced jointly by Aaron Cohen-Gadol, the Neurosurgical Atlas, and the American Association of Neurological Surgeons (AANS). These videos are in-depth discussions with experts on surgical techniques, approaches, pearls and pitfalls. It is available for both Apple and Android devices. 
Dr. Cohen is the co-founder and co-director of the Center for the Cure of Glioblastoma, part of the Indiana University School of Medicine. He founded this center to facilitate new treatment options for brain tumor patients by mentoring neuroscientists and researchers.
As of 2014, He is the Director of Neurosurgical Oncology/Brain Tumor Surgery at the Indiana University Department of Neurosurgery. 
He is married to Isabelle Saparzadeh and has one daughter, Lianna.
Awards and honors.
He was voted the Health Care Hero of the Year in the State of Indiana for leading the efforts to advance surgical care of brain aneurysms and tumors previously considered inoperable/untreatable. He is among a small group of surgeons performing such operations in the United States. He was granted the Hemispherectomy Foundation Humanitarian award for his efforts to support children who undergo the complex seizure surgery called hemispherectomy. He is also the Co-Chair of the Medical Advisory Board for this Foundation.
He performs approximately 400 complex brain operations a year (more than 2500 for resection of brain tumors and clipping of brain aneurysms to date). Many of the tumors are considered to be close to the most delicate parts of the brain. He was featured on the CNN for removal of a brain tumor located in a crucial part of the brain controlling important functions in a 19 year-old man while the patient was awake. He created a map of the function of his brain and avoided the important brain areas while removing the tumor.
An important mission of his in practice of neurosurgery includes education to improve the care of the future patients. He has created the web-based Neurosurgical Atlas which archives more that 400 surgical videos and discussion of surgical procedures by world experts.
In 2013 Dr. Cohen was named one of Indianapolis Monthly's Top Doctors for Neurological Surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="36606334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606334" title="Elmir Alimzhanov">
Elmir Alimzhanov

Elmir Alimzhanov (, born 5 October 1986 in Almaty) is a Kazakhstani right-handed fencer. He ranked 2nd in the Fencing Asian Championships 2008, 2011, and 2012. He took part to the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics. He ranked 11th in the Men's épée in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36606336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606336" title="Fabian Kauter">
Fabian Kauter

Fabian Kauter (born 22 September 1985) is a Swiss fencer and musician.
Personal life.
Kauter's first sport was football, but a series of injury lead him to turn to another sport. He took up fencing at age ten. His father, Christian Kauter, is a former two-time Olympic medalist, and his brother, Michael Kauter, is a former Olympic fencer, both in épée.
Kauter also pursues a musical career under the artist name YuRi. He released in 2009 his first album "Summer in Sibirie", followed in 2012 by "Kopf über Wasser". In 2013, he co-founded "I believe in you", a crowdfunding platform for sport projects in Switzerland.
Sport career.
Kauter placed third in the European Fencing Championship 2007 and in the World Fencing Championship 2011. In 2012, he won at Buenos Aires his first gold medal in a World Cup competition. A few months later, he competed in men's épée at the 2012 Summer Olympics, but was defeated in the second round. He earned a bronze medal in the 2013 Berne Grand Prix and in the 2013 World Fencing Championships in Budapest. In the 2013–2014 season, he won the Vancouver Grand Prix after defeating reigning world champion Nikolai Novosjolov in the final and became no.1 in FIE rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="36606353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606353" title="Kanchan Prava Devi">
Kanchan Prava Devi

Maharani Kanchan Prava Devi the daughter of the King of Panna was the wife of the King of Tripura Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarman and regent from 1947 to 1949. She ruled Tripura overseeing its merger and incorporation into Independent India. She played a pivotal role in rehabilitating refugees and victims of the violence associated with the Partition of India in the state of Tripura. She founded the MBB College in Agartala

</doc>
<doc id="36606359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606359" title="Beatrice Offor">
Beatrice Offor

Beatrice Offor (1864–1920) was a British painter.
Life.
Offor was born in 1864 in Sydenham, Kent. In 1892 she married William Farran Littler, an artist and a sculptor.
She first studied art at the Slade School of Art.
Her paintings were shown regularly at the Royal Academy of Arts. She often used her sisters as muses, often painting brides and nude portraits of women. She also painted portraits of the British members of parliament, Joseph Howard and Sir Ralph Littler.
Public collections.
Almost 40 of her paintings are held in the collection of the Bruce Castle Museum, Tottenham, London; her portrait of Sir Ralph Littler is in the Middlesex Guildhall Art Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="36606370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606370" title="Chris Doak">
Chris Doak

Chris Doak (born 19 December 1977) is a Scottish professional golfer on the European Tour.
After becoming a professional in 1997, 'Doaky' played on the Scottish PGA Tartan Tour, twice topping the regional Order of Merit and clocking up over forty wins, including the Northern Open in both 2005 and 2008. Also in 2008, Doak won the Srixon PGA Playoffs to become the British and Irish PGA No.1 and set a new record for the most Tartan Tour order of merit wins in one season. In 2010 Chris returned to the Tartan Tour circuit to win the Scottish PGA Championship at Gleneagles.
Doak first played on the European Tour in 2009. He played on the Challenge Tour from 2010 to 2012, winning at the 2012 Allianz Open de Lyon.
Doak played as part of Team Scottish Hydro, before gaining his European Tour card after finishing top ten in the Challenge Tour Order of Merit.
On 27 May 2013, Doak survived a five-way playoff at Walton Heath to qualify for the 2013 U.S. Open.

</doc>
<doc id="36606374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606374" title="2012 Super Rugby Final">
2012 Super Rugby Final

The 2012 Super Rugby final was played between the South African Sharks and the New Zealand Chiefs Super Rugby teams on 4 August 2012. It was the 17th final in the Southern Hemisphere's premier transnational club rugby competition's history and the second under the newly expanded 15-team format. The Chiefs had qualified second highest during the regular season, while the Sharks qualified as the sixth, and lowest, team. The Chiefs went straight to the semi-final, where they beat fellow New Zealand team the Crusaders. The Sharks travelled to Brisbane and beat the Queensland Reds in the qualifying final and then the Stormers back in South Africa in the semi-final. As the Chiefs had qualified higher than the Sharks the final was played at Waikato Stadium, Hamilton.
In part due to the level of travel the Sharks had to make during the finals series (travelling from South Africa to Australia, back to South Africa and then on to New Zealand in just three weeks) they entered the grand final as the underdogs. They started the stronger however, and scored first points through a penalty. The Chiefs struck back, scoring a converted try and two penalties to lead 13–3 at half-time. They extended the lead in the second half, outscoring the Sharks with three more converted tries and a penalty to just the one penalty for the visitors. The Chiefs won the game with a final score of 37–6. It was the Chiefs' first victory in the competition from their second final. For the Sharks, it was their fourth final defeat.
Road to the final.
The 2012 Super Rugby competition involved fifteen teams, five each from South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. 2012 marked the 17th season of the competition, and the second in the expanded 15 team format (12 teams competed between 1996 and 2005, before increasing to 14 between 2006 and 2010). The competition began on 24 February with the regular season consisting of 120 matches over twenty one weeks. Each team played teams from their own country twice (home and a way) and four teams from each of the other two countries once (two at home and two away). The top six teams after the regular season would advance to the finals. Unlike previous years, there was a three week break between Week 15 and Week 19 to allow the three countries to play international rugby against Northern Hemisphere teams.
The Stormers finished top of the South African conference and topped the overall standings, with just two losses (to the Crusaders and Sharks). The Chiefs won the New Zealand conference and finished second overall, losing four games in total (including the last two of the regular season to drop below the Stormers). As the two top finishers both teams advanced straight into home semi-finals. The Reds beat the Waratahs in their final game of the regular season to finished top of the Australian conference after the Brumbies lost to the Blues earlier in the round. Despite finishing on the lowest points overall of the six finalists they qualified third as the top Australian team. The Crusaders, Bulls and Sharks filled the remaining three places as the next top finishers during the regular season.
The Crusaders hosted the Bulls in Christchurch in the first qualifying final, while the Sharks traveled to Brisbane to play the Reds. The Crusaders eased passed the Bulls in the first qualifier, with All Black five eight Dan Carter scoring 23 points in their 28-13 victory. In Brisbane the Sharks upset the Reds in the second qualifier, leading 20-3 after 30 minutes and out defending the opposition to win with a final score of 30-17. The two semi-finals were local derbies, with the Sharks playing the Stormers in Capetown and the Crusaders playing the Chiefs in Hamilton. Both games were much closer than the qualifiers. The Chiefs held out the Crusaders to win 20-17, while the Sharks had to withstand a late surge from the Stormers to win 26-19.
Build-up.
The Sharks entered the final as underdogs. Ladbrokes gave 2/1 odds to the Sharks compared to 4/9 for the Chiefs, while the TAB paid $3.10 for a Sharks win compared to $1.13 for a Chiefs win. The Sharks had to travel from South Africa to Australia, back to South Africa and then on to New Zealand during the final series. Former Springbok and current Brumbies coach Jake White believed this would make the task much harder for the Sharks. Prior to the final the two teams played each other fifteen times, with the Chiefs winning 8 of the encounters to the Sharks 7. During the regular season they met in Week 9 and the Chiefs won 18-12 in Durban. The Chiefs have only made the final once before, in 2009 when the Bulls beat them 61-17 in Pretoria (a record margin in Super Rugby finals). The Sharks had previously made three Super Rugby finals, losing all three to the Blues in 1996, the Brumbies in 2001 and the Bulls in 2007. The title has only been won by the visiting team four times (Crusaders in 1998, 1999 and 2000 and the Bulls in 2007) and only one of those occasions has been when traveling to a foreign country (when the Crusaders beat the Brumbies in Canberra in 2000).
The Sharks team broke up the flight to New Zealand by spending most of the week in Sydney before heading to Hamilton. Sharks centre Tim Whitehead was not available after he broke his hand in the semi-final, although previously injured utility backs Patrick Lambie and Paul Jordaan have both just recovered and played in the final. The Chiefs squad was the same that beat the Crusaders after in doubt captain Craig Clark recovered in time from a leg injury. Rugby journalist Spiro Zavos predicted that a key match-up would be between the two international centres, Sonny Bill Williams from the Chiefs and JP Pietersen from the Sharks. Steve Walsh, the referee of the Sharks vs Stormers game, was named to officiate the final. Walsh, a former New Zealand referee before joining the Australian conference in 2010, was controlling his second Super Rugby Final after refereeing the Bulls vs Sharks game in 2007. His assistants were Craig Joubert, the referee of the Chiefs vs Crusaders semi-final, and Keith Brown, with Garratt Williamson the video referee.
The 25,100 tickets for the final sold out three days before the game. Season members and sponsors purchased 8000 while the public bought the remaining tickets two hours after they went on sale. Big screens were erected for fans in Hamilton at Garden Place and on Hood Street.
Match.
Summary.
The Chiefs won the game 37–6, scoring four tries to none, to claim their first Super Rugby title. The Sharks dominated the match early, scoring first points when Frederic Michalak kicked a penalty after six minutes. The Chiefs worked their way back into the game, scoring the first try in the 19th minute. Andrew Horrell claimed an Aaron Cruden chip kick and after a Sonny Bill Williams break the ball was moved wide for Tim Nanai-Williams to score in the corner. Cruden converted the try and then kicked two more penalties after Jannie and Bismarck du Plessis infringed to have the Chiefs leading 13–3 at half time.
The Chiefs scored their second try early in the second half. After Michalak's clearing kick got charged down in goal number eight Kane Thompson drove over from the resulting five-metre scrum. The conversion from Cruden made the score 20–3 in favour of the Chiefs. Michalak kicked a second penalty with 30 minutes remaining to bring the Sharks within fourteen points, before Lelia Masaga claimed a mis-directed Sharks pass, resulting from a big Williams tackle, and outran the defence to score the Chiefs third try. The conversion gave the Chiefs a 27–6 lead going into the final quarter of the game. Cruden kicked one more penalty before Williams scored the fourth and final try in the last few minutes to give the Chiefs a convincing victory.

</doc>
<doc id="36606379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606379" title="Giancarlo Cobelli">
Giancarlo Cobelli

Giancarlo Cobelli (12 December 1929 – 16 March 2012) was an Italian actor and stage director. He was considered one of the most important directors of Italian theatre.
Born in Milan, Cobelli studied acting at Giorgio Strehler's Piccolo Teatro, then obtained some success as actor and mime, on stage and on television. Corbelli later was primarily active as theater director, especially devoting himself to operas alongside names such as Riccardo Muti, Roberto Abbado and Riccardo Chailly.
He won several UBU Awards as best director.

</doc>
<doc id="36606383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606383" title="Robert Conley (basketball)">
Robert Conley (basketball)

Robert Conley (born April 30, 1977) is an American professional basketball player. He is a 6'6" (1.98 m) swingman who last played for Poitiers Basket 86 in France.

</doc>
<doc id="36606386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606386" title="Sangupalem Kodur">
Sangupalem Kodur

Sangupalem Kodur are twin villages situated around from Guntur, near to Tenali, Repelle and Nizampatnam, in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="36606388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606388" title="Kerstin Hartmann">
Kerstin Hartmann

Kerstin Hartmann (born 14 June 1988 in Ulm) is a German rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's coxless pair.

</doc>
<doc id="36606390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606390" title="Marlene Sinnig">
Marlene Sinnig

Marlene Sinnig (born 11 December 1984 in Rostock) is a German rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's coxless pair.

</doc>
<doc id="36606391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606391" title="Maria Laura Abalo">
Maria Laura Abalo

Maria Laura Abalo is an Argentine rower. She competed in the 2007 and 2011 Pan American Games.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's coxless pair with Gabriela Best.

</doc>
<doc id="36606392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606392" title="Gabriela Best">
Gabriela Best

Maria Gabriela Best is an Argentine rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's coxless pair.

</doc>
<doc id="36606397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606397" title="Zhang Yage">
Zhang Yage

Zhang Yage is a Chinese rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's coxless pair.

</doc>
<doc id="36606399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606399" title="Fusonia, Kentucky">
Fusonia, Kentucky

Fusonia is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States.
The community was named for the Fuson Mining Co., which closed in the 1930s. Their Post Office has been discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="36606402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606402" title="Naydene Smith">
Naydene Smith

Naydene Smith is a South African rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's coxless pair.

</doc>
<doc id="36606404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606404" title="Lee-Ann Persse">
Lee-Ann Persse

Lee-Ann Persse is a South African rower, born in Cape Town and currently resides in Pretoria. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's coxless pair. Lee-Ann and her teammate Naydene Smith were 2nd in the B Final, with the 8th fastest time overall of 7:55.18.

</doc>
<doc id="36606410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606410" title="Claudia Wurzel">
Claudia Wurzel

Claudia Wurzel (born 1 May 1987 in Marburg) is an Italian rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's coxless pair, finishing in 4th place in final B.

</doc>
<doc id="36606412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606412" title="Sara Bertolasi">
Sara Bertolasi

Sara Bertolasi is an Italian rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's coxless pair, finishing in 4th place in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36606419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606419" title="Fifehead Wood">
Fifehead Wood

Fifehead Wood is a woodland in Dorset, England, near the village of Fifehead Magdalen. Owned and maintained by the Woodland Trust, Fifehead Wood covers a total area of , and is situated upon a ridge of Corallian Limestone within the depths of Blackmoor Vale. 
The name 'Fifehead' is thought to originate with an assessment made during the Domesday census of 1086, the village at that time comprising 'five hides' of land. 
Ecosystem.
Flora such as the musky-smelling Helmet flower ("Anemone nemorosa"), the Five-faced Bishop ("Adoxa"), the Early Purple Orchid ("Orchis mascula"), and the Yellow Pimpernel ("Lysimachia nemorum") grow within Fifehead Wood, while Bluebell carpets appear each spring.
Maps produced by the Ordnance Survey from 1805 to 1811 reveal that Fifehead Wood has remained substantially unchanged for over two centuries. 
The woodland is therefore classed as 'Ancient Semi-Natural', and has been designated a Site of Nature Conservation Interest. 
The trees living at Fifehead are predominately broad-leaved like the English oak ("Quercus robur"), field maple ("Acer campestre") and common ash ("Fraxinus excelsior"). 
"Mercurialis perennis" (commonly known as dog's mercury), blackberry ("Rubus fruticosus"), common bracken ("Pteridium aquilinum"), and honeysuckle ("Lonicera periclymenum") make up most of the understorey. 
Hazel ("Corylus") has been regularly coppiced here over the years — this ancient practice still continues (although on a much smaller scale than previously), chiefly to preserve the existing habitat. 
In the past, the tenants of Fifehead would have been required to pay duty to the lord of the manor in numerous different ways. Maintenance and upkeep of the ditches and enclosures within the immediate area was the responsibility of those that inhabited it, and a steady supply of brushwood and timber from the wood was demanded.
Fifehead Wood provides the Light Orange Underwing moth ("Archiearis notha") with its sole Dorset residence. 
The site also has a large variety of butterflies, such as the White Admiral ("Limenitis camilla") and the Purple Hairstreak ("Neozephyrus quercus").
Breeding populations of several different birds inhabit Fifehead Wood. Grey Heron and Great Spotted Woodpeckers may be spotted, 
and Treecreepers can also be observed spiraling within the habitat, as they ascend tree trunks in a progression of small hops.

</doc>
<doc id="36606422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606422" title="Hardburly, Kentucky">
Hardburly, Kentucky

Hardburly is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States.
A post office was established in the community in 1918. The coal town was built around and named for the Hardy Burlington Mining Company. Their post office closed in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36606423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606423" title="Topaz Mountain">
Topaz Mountain

Topaz Mountain is a summit in the Thomas mountain range of Utah, east of the Thomas caldera. The summit and surrounding area is known for its relative abundance of semiprecious minerals including topaz, red beryl and opal.
Geology and Geography.
Topaz Mountain is part of the Thomas Range, located in Juab County, Utah, approximately 36 miles Northwest of Delta, Utah. The mountain lies on publicly owned land managed by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM). Collection of rocks and mineral permitted at Topaz Mountain and, as a result, the area is frequented by amateur as well as professional rock hounds.
Minerals.
Topaz.
Topaz is a semiprecious gemstone that occurs as very hard, transparent crystals in a variety of colors. Topaz crystals, such as those found at Topaz Mountain, are naturally amber colored, but become colorless after exposure to sunlight. Topaz forms within cavities of the volcanic rock, Rhyolite, from eruptions that occurred six to seven million years ago during the Tertiary Period. Topaz is embedded in the Rhyolite rock, and also found loose on the slopes and arroyos.
Red beryl.
Red beryl, a rare and valuable mineral found at Topaz Mountain, occurs as small crystals, often attached to other mineral crystals. It is estimated that one red beryl crystal is found for every 150,000 diamonds. Prices for top quality natural red beryl can be as high as $10,000 per carat for faceted stones.
Other minerals.
A variety of other minerals are found at Topaz Mountain including garnet, amethyst, opal, pseudobrookite, and hematite.

</doc>
<doc id="36606432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606432" title="Lomovka">
Lomovka

Lomovka () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36606437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606437" title="Ecodesk">
Ecodesk

Ecodesk is a public database of carbon, energy, water and waste data collected by companies' user managed profiles.
Ecodesk is a live and open data site for business energy, carbon, waste, water and materials of interest information. Businesses create and manage free sustainability profiles, showcasing their existing sustainability data, sustainability targets and news, in an open and easy to use environment. Profiles can be shared with customers and suppliers. For Enterprise Subscribers, Ecodesk is also a tool to map supply chain sustainability performance. This enables businesses to see, through a dedicated dashboard, a complete picture of supplier sustainability metrics. Ecodesk was founded in 2006, is funded by private equity and supported by UK and US Governments.
Services.
Ecodesk enables organisations to improve the management and performance of their supply chain and to reduce their inherent risk through the collection and aggregation of sustainability and social data presented via customised dashboards and score cards. Its unique approach of "free data" entry and simple communication differentiates it from its competitors and encourages co-operation and data input at all levels.

</doc>
<doc id="36606447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606447" title="Firth Wood">
Firth Wood

Firth Wood is a woodland in South Yorkshire, England, near the village of Oughtibridge. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. 

</doc>
<doc id="36606460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606460" title="Kühlungsborn Pier">
Kühlungsborn Pier

Kühlungsborn Pier () is a pier on the Baltic Sea coast in Kühlungsborn in the German county of Rostock (Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania).
History and architecture.
The first jetties were built from about 1895; they were the forerunners of those in Brunshaupten and Arendsee. Because these simple wooden structures could not cope with the strong ice drift in the winter, they frequently had to be replaced. The first large jetties were built in 1901 to enable sailing boat services to call here. In 1906, piers were built large enough to enable steamboats to tie up, thus negating the inconvenience of ferrying passengers from the ships in tenders. A pier was built in 1929, but this, too, could not withstand the weather. The last pier was destroyed in the winter of 1941/42. During East German times, the continued shortage of material and construction capacity prevented a new pier being built. This also prevented people escaping the country to the West.
The new pier was built in 1991 in the suburb of "Ost". It is 240 metres long and oriented axially to the beach road ("Strandstraße"). The pier is located on the longest German Baltic Sea beach promenade, which is about 3.2 km long, and the pier was the first new pier to be built on the Baltic Sea coast in Mecklenburg. It is considered to be one of the landmarks of the town and is one of the 189 piers in the state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.
Pier forecourt.
The remodelling of the pier forecourt was carried out in phases. The "Kopfsituation", with its "Forum" and "Bastion", was built in 1992. The forecourt was designed in 1991. The running area ("Laufachse") and ramps, the pavements and the play area ("Spielachse") were added in 1995. On the forecourt the protected sculpture "Vater und Sohn" ("Father and Son"), sculpted in the 1970s by Reinhard Schmidt, has been erected.

</doc>
<doc id="36606472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606472" title="Yerkes, Kentucky">
Yerkes, Kentucky

Yerkes is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36606476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606476" title="JW Marriott Tripoli">
JW Marriott Tripoli

The JW Marriott Hotel Tripoli is a five star hotel in Tripoli's Central Business District. The hotel opened on February 15, 2011, days before the Libyan civil war began. It closed just two weeks later and the hotel's few guests and 185 staff were evacuated by Marriott on a chartered plane to Amman. 

</doc>
<doc id="36606486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606486" title="Lý Tế Xuyên">
Lý Tế Xuyên

Lý Tế Xuyên (chữ Hán: 李濟川; fl. 1400) was a Vietnamese historian, compiler of the "Việt Điện U Linh Tập" (Collection of Stories on Spirits of the Departed in the Viet Realm). The text gives not the history of historical figures, but their roles as spirits in the afterlife according to Mahayana Buddhism.

</doc>
<doc id="36606488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606488" title="Flowers Wood">
Flowers Wood

Flowers Wood is a community woodland near Ilmington in Warwickshire, England. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. It was one of 200 "Woods on Your Doorstep" created by the Woodland Trust to mark the year 2000 in conjunction with the Millennium Commission, the Forestry Commission and the Sainsbury Family Charitable Trusts.

</doc>
<doc id="36606505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606505" title="Napfor, Kentucky">
Napfor, Kentucky

Napfor is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36606540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606540" title="Kamila Soćko">
Kamila Soćko

Kamila Soćko (born 12 November 1988 in Warsaw) is a Polish rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's quadruple sculls.

</doc>
<doc id="36606541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606541" title="Sylwia Lewandowska">
Sylwia Lewandowska

Sylwia Lewandowska (born 4 January 1991 in Toruń) is a Polish rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's quadruple sculls.

</doc>
<doc id="36606543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606543" title="Kostas Panagiotoudis">
Kostas Panagiotoudis

Kostas Panagiotoudis (, born 3 December 1994 in Layina, Thessaloniki) is a Greek footballer who plays for PAOK in the Superleague Greece as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36606545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606545" title="Sarah Gray">
Sarah Gray

Sarah Gray is a New Zealand rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's quadruple sculls.
She is also an equine veterinarian at the University of California's William R. Pritchard Veterinary Medical Teaching Hospital. Where, among her patients, she successfully treated a Western Classic Barrel Racing Champion for extensive lacerations, and aided his return to top form. Her work with horses has been featured in literary works like "Equine ER: Stories from a Year in the Life of an Equine Veterinary Hospital" By Leslie Guttman. 

</doc>
<doc id="36606552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606552" title="Ford Wood">
Ford Wood

Ford Wood is a woodland in Cambridgeshire, England, near Bassingbourn. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. 

</doc>
<doc id="36606554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606554" title="Louise Trappitt">
Louise Trappitt

Louise Trappitt is a New Zealand rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's quadruple sculls.

</doc>
<doc id="36606561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606561" title="Fiona Bourke">
Fiona Bourke

Fiona Bourke is a New Zealand rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's quadruple sculls.

</doc>
<doc id="36606563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606563" title="Eve MacFarlane">
Eve MacFarlane

Eve MacFarlane is a New Zealand rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's quadruple sculls.
MacFarlane was educated at Rangi Ruru Girls' School in Christchurch. She competed for Rangi Ruru in the 2009 and 2010 Maadi Cup national secondary school rowing championships, and was a member of the crews that won the Levin 75th Jubilee Cup (girls under-18 eights) and Dawn Cup (girls under-18 coxed fours) for the school in both years.

</doc>
<doc id="36606566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606566" title="Chipping Campden railway station">
Chipping Campden railway station

Chipping Campden is a closed railway station on the Cotswold line, which served the town of Chipping Campden in Gloucestershire.
The Oxford, Worcester and Wolverhampton Railway was opened in stages. The section between and Wolvercot Junction, to the north of , was opened on 4 June 1853; the station at Chipping Campden was opened at the same time, and was originally named "Mickleton". It was later renamed "Campden", and in February 1952 became "Chipping Campden". It closed on 3 January 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="36606571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606571" title="Joanna Leszczyńska">
Joanna Leszczyńska

Joanna Leszczyńska (born 18 December 1988 in Warsaw) is a Polish rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's quadruple sculls.

</doc>
<doc id="36606573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606573" title="Fother Royd Wood">
Fother Royd Wood

Fother Royd Wood is a woodland in Lancashire, England, near Worsthorne. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. 

</doc>
<doc id="36606574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606574" title="Natalia Madaj">
Natalia Madaj

Natalia Madaj (born 25 January 1988) is a Polish rower. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's quadruple sculls.

</doc>
<doc id="36606575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606575" title="German submarine U-263">
German submarine U-263

German submarine "U-263" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 8 June 1941 at the "Bremer-Vulkan-Vegesacker Werft" (yard) in Bremen as 'werk' 28. She was launched on 18 March 1942 and commissioned on 6 May under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Kurt Nölke.
In two patrols, she sank two ships of 12,376 GRT. She was a member of one wolf pack.
She was sunk in January 1944 in the Bay of Biscay, during a deep dive trial.
Service history.
After training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, the boat became operational on 1 November 1942 when she was transferred to the 1st flotilla.
1st patrol.
"U-263"s first patrol began when she departed Kiel on 27 October 1942. She entered the Atlantic Ocean after negotiating the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands. There followed a series of attacks west of Gibraltar, first by the U-boat on two freighters, then on the submarine by surface ships (on 20 November), aircraft (on 24 November) and a submarine (on 26 November), all of which she was lucky to survive. Even so, the damage sustained needed 13 months of repairs. She arrived at La Pallice / La Rochelle in occupied France on 29 November.
2nd patrol and loss.
The boat departed La Pallice on 19 January 1942. She was sunk the next day in the Bay of Biscay during a deep dive trial.
Fifty-one men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36606580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606580" title="Melanie Wilson (rower)">
Melanie Wilson (rower)

Melanie Wilson (born 25 June 1984 in Southampton) is a British rower with the GB rowing team. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed in the Women's quadruple sculls.
Biography.
She spent her early years in Japan and Hong Kong before moving to the UK in 2002 to take an honours degree in Biochemistry and Genetics at the University of Nottingham. After graduating she spent 6 months in Kilifi, Kenya working on research into malaria under the KEMRI-Wellcome Trust Research Programme. In 2007 she completed a Master’s degree in Biochemical Engineering at UCL before enrolling in Imperial College London to sit for a post-graduate degree in medicine. After she was selected to join the GB Rowing team she suspended her medical studies in 2010 to focus on competing for a place in a GB boat in the London 2012 Olympics.
Wilson withdrew from full-time competitive rowing in September 2013 to resume her medical studies.
Wilson has a rowing scholarship from Imperial College London and competes at club level in the colours of Imperial College Boat Club. She lives in Hammersmith, London.
Results.
In Munich at the first World Cup of 2011 Wilson, in the absence of injured Anna Watkins, raced with Katherine Grainger in the women's double and won a gold medal, with clear water between them and the boats of USA and Belarus in silver and bronze positions respectively. Wilson moved into the women's quadruple scull for the Lucerne World Cup, where she won a silver medal.
At 2011 World Rowing Championships in Bled, Slovenia, Wilson raced in the women's quadruple scull with crewmates Debbie Flood, Beth Rodford and Annabel Vernon, finishing 7th. This was sufficient to qualify the boat for the 2012 London Olympics but a below form finish and a result which Wilson described as the ‘the biggest disappointment of my life’.
At the 2012 GB Rowing Team Senior Trials held on 10/11 March at Eton/Dorney, Wilson finished 5th in the women's single scull. She was subsequently selected to race in the quadruple scull at the Belgrade World Cup in May 2012. In the lead up to the 2012 London Olympics Wilson then competed in the World Cup quadruple scull races at Lucerne and Munich.
At the 2012 London Olympics at Dorney Lake, Eton Wilson raced with Debbie Flood, Frances Houghton and Beth Rodford in the GB quadruple sculls boat. The boat qualified for the A Final but failed to deliver a competitive performance in the finals and finished outside the medals in 6th place.
In 2013 Wilson raced in a single scull at the Eton Dorney World Cup, where she won the B Final, then in the Women's Eight at Lucerne, finishing fourth, and again in the Women's Eight at the World Championships in South Korea where the boat finished fourth.
Melanie Wilson World Rowing Results:

</doc>
<doc id="36606591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606591" title="George Offor">
George Offor

George Offor (1787– 7 August 1864) was an English book-collector who accumulated a massive personal library.
Offor entered business as a bookseller at Tower Hill, London. He studied Hebrew, Greek and Latin and became an expert in sixteenth- and seventeenth-century English literature and theological writings.
Works.
John Bunyan.
He had compiled the complete works of John Bunyan. However some of them got destroyed in a fire.
He spent his days reading, researching, recording, comparing, and editing the works of Puritan John Bunyan. Offor’s diligent labor concluded in 1854 with the printing of the three-volume, 2,800 page Works of John Bunyan. Now over a century and a half old, Offor’s final product remains the most popular definitive collection of Bunyan in print.
Auction.
After his death, his huge collection of books was auctioned on 27 June 1865, for 10 days by Sotheby's.

</doc>
<doc id="36606592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606592" title="Fountains Wood">
Fountains Wood

Fountains Wood is a woodland in Cheshire, England, near Runcorn. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. 

</doc>
<doc id="36606595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606595" title="Olimpia Cavalli">
Olimpia Cavalli

Born in Cadeo, she was mainly active between late fifties and mid-sixties. After being a star on avanspettacolo alongside Macario, she made her film debut in 1959, in the comedy film "La cambiale" by Camillo Mastrocinque. After a number of films, including Roberto Rossellini's "Vanina Vanini", Dino Risi's "The Thursday" and Ugo Tognazzi's "His Women", in 1966 she married and retired from showbusiness. After a long hiatus, she resumed her activities in 1999, to star the film "L'ultimo volo".

</doc>
<doc id="36606610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606610" title="James Chudleigh">
James Chudleigh

Major-General James Chudleigh (c.1618 - 1643) was a military officer during the first period of the English Civil War. He participated in several battles in South-West England, initially on the Parliamentarian side. He defected to the Royalist party after his capture at the Battle of Stratton.
Life.
Chudleigh was a younger son of an ancient Devon landowning family, the Chudleighs of Ashton. His father, Sir George Chudleigh, 1st Baronet, had some open grievances against the King and fought for Parliament as a cavalry commander, while the zealous Parliamentarian William Strode was his maternal uncle. Prior to the outbreak of war in England, he had served as an officer in the royal army in Ireland.
Chudleigh's record in early actions showed that he had considerable ability as a commander. He played an important role in the night skirmishes around Braddock Down, and on 21 February 1643 won a sharp engagement against Slanning and Trevanion at Modbury. Aged just 25, he took over command from Stamford during Parliament's attempt on Launceston on 23 April 1643, but was driven back after Royalist reinforcements arrived. Chudleigh then covered the retreat with Merrick's unit of London "Greycoats", supposedly personally harnessing the teams of oxen to save the Parliamentarian artillery. At the Battle of Sourton Down on 25 April, his ambush of Hopton's troops was instrumental in securing the Royalist defeat. 
At Stratton, however, Chudleigh was abandoned by his commander Stamford, who fled without exposing himself to danger. Chudleigh led his pikemen in a charge against Grenville's regiment, but a counter-attack resulted in his capture, with a head wound and a broken halberd: he was taken to Oxford subsequent to the battle. Parliament did not offer to exchange him, and Stamford accused him of treachery, after which he agreed to join the Royalist army. His reasons for doing so were published in a pamphlet, "Serjeant Major" (sic) "James Chudleigh, his declaration to his country-men".
His desertion to the Royalists was condemned by many, but Lord Clarendon, in a short biographical sketch, defended Chudleigh's character. He claimed that Chudleigh, rather than deserting at the height of the battle (as alleged by Stamford) had fought bravely and with distinction at Stratton until captured, and only afterwards agreed to serve the King as a matter of conscience: "he was of too good an understanding, and too much generosity in his nature, to be effected to the cause which he served, or to comply with those arts, which he saw practised to carry it on". Chudleigh had also been involved in the Army Plots of 1641 in common with many other future Royalist colonels - albeit mainly in the capacity of an "innocent courier" - and may have only appeared in Parliamentarian service as he was unable to secure a command in the King's army in 1642. Chudleigh's father was also subsequently to join the King's forces, along with another brother, Thomas.
While still in the service of Parliament, Chudleigh was responsible for constructing a fort near Bideford, now known as the Chudleigh Fort.
Death.
In September 1643, Chudleigh seems to have been part of the defending garrison of Dartmouth when it was besieged by Fairfax. According to Clarendon, he was hit before the town by a musket-shot, on or around 30 September, and died a few days later. His burial record was found in the register of St Saviour's church, Dartmouth.

</doc>
<doc id="36606615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606615" title="Allais, Kentucky">
Allais, Kentucky

Allais is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36606617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606617" title="Fox &amp; Parrot Wood">
Fox &amp; Parrot Wood

Fox & Parrot Wood is a broadleaf woodland in County Durham, England, about west of Chester-le-Street. It is situated just north of the B6313, near the village of Craghead. The wood forms part of the Great North Forest, which is one of England's community forests, and is adjacent to Twizell Wood, which lies to the north. Fox & Parrot Wood was originally planted in 1998 as part of a joint project between the Woodland Trust and the Forestry Commission. Further planting took place in 2004. It now covers a total area of and is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. As with other Woodland Trust woods, it is freely open to the public, with five access points. It was named after a local GP and his parrot.

</doc>
<doc id="36606623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606623" title="Chintamoni Kar">
Chintamoni Kar

Chintamoni Kar (19 April 1915 – 3 October 2005) was a renowned Indian sculptor. He received civilian awards from the Indian and French governments and won an Olympic silver medal on behalf of Great Britain.
Personal life and studies.
Born on 19 April 1915 in Kharagpur, West Bengal, Kar trained at the Indian Society of Oriental Art run by Abanindranath Tagore. He was taught to sculpt by Giridhari Mahapatra and Victor Giovanelli.
Kar moved to Paris in 1938 where he studied at the Académie de la Grande Chaumière before moving back to India.
Chintamoni Kar was married to Amina Kar and the couple had one child. Both members of his family died before Chintamoni, who died on 3 October 2005 in a private hospital at the age of 90.
Style and career.
Kar sculpted with a variety a materials including wood, terracotta, stone, and metal. He was initially trained in an academic and representational style but also produced work of a more abstract nature.
Kar taught at the University of Calcutta and the Delhi Polytechnic and then, in 1946, moved to London where he became a member of the Royal Society of British Sculptors. He returned to West Bengal in 1956 and was then elected as Principal of the Government College of Art & Craft.
Honours and awards.
In 1974 he was awarded the Padma Bhushan, the third highest civilian award in the Republic of India. He was also decorated with France's highest civilian honour in 2000.
Chintamoni Kar Bird Sanctuary was named after the sculptor after he and other people from the local area fought for it to receive wildlife sanctuary status.
At the 1948 Summer Olympics Kar, entered as a competitor for Great Britain, won the silver medal for his work entitled "The Stag". Held in London, the 1948 Games were the final ones to include art competitions and the International Olympic Committee no longer recognise the medals.
Bhaskar Bhavan Administration & Maintenance Trust.
Shortly before his death in 2005 Kar instituted the Bhaskar Bhavan Administration & Maintenance Trust at his residential campus in Narendrapur, Kolkata. It became a public museum on 19 April 2006, what would have been his 91st birthday, and houses the artist's works as well as those of his wife. The trust is active in the verification and documentation of his works along with his collection of books. It also aids poor students in the local area and holds the annual Chintamoni Kar Memorial lecture.

</doc>
<doc id="36606638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606638" title="Huluganga Falls">
Huluganga Falls

Huluganga Falls is located at Huluganga Town, about 30 kilometers away from Kandy Town in on the way of Bambarella, in Kandy District in Sri Lanka. Hulu River is originating from the Knuckles Mountain Range. Huluganga Falls is about 75 meters in height. The cascading water sprinkles the villages of Elliyadda and Aratthana, before flowing to the Victoria Reservoir.
There are lots of rocks on the river and even on the rainy days the water does not get muddy because of rocks, grass and plants, as well as less environmental pollution.

</doc>
<doc id="36606655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606655" title="3 World Tour">
3 World Tour

Itinerary.
The world tour started in Ireland with two intimate shows in Cork and Dublin which took place in September, thus kicking off the tour. These shows were only announced three days before the shows took place and were only available from one Ticketmaster outlet in each city. They also performed three intimate club shows in Glasgow, Manchester and London. They performed one show in Sydney to showcase new material from #3 as well as tracks from previous albums. The North American leg began in New York City on 9 October with a further 18 shows across the United States and Canada. On 18 September, A twelve date arena tour of Ireland and the United Kingdom was announced for March 2013. Before returning to Australia, the band performed in South Korea, at Seoul's AX Hall. The band then returned to Australia to perform their biggest tour yet down under with four shows across the country. The final show of the tour was on April 12 at the Vector Arena in Auckland New Zealand marking the bands first concert there and the closure of the official #3 world tour. Over the summer of 2013 they continued to promote their album at several summer music festivals, as well as playing as the opening act for Train.
Setlist.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="36606656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606656" title="Valmorea railway">
Valmorea railway

Valmorea railway is a railway line in Lombardy, Italy.
Originally built as "Olona Valley railway", to serve the industrial complexes of this region, it was later prolonged until the Swiss border by Valmorea, reached in 1926, where it continued as the Mendrisio–Stabio railway. But only two years later the border crossing was closed by the Italian government, which didn't agree with a privately owned international connection (the Italian section of the line was operated by Ferrovie Nord Milano).
The passenger traffic was suspended and the line was used only for internal freight traffic until 1977.
Since 1993 the line has been rebuilt from the Swiss side as a touristic line. The current terminus is Malnate Olona, but there are plans to reach Castiglione Olona.

</doc>
<doc id="36606658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606658" title="Niš-Ekspres">
Niš-Ekspres

Niš-Ekspres (full legal name: Akcionarsko društvo za saobraćajnu delatnost "Niš-Ekspres" Niš) is a bus company based in Niš, Serbia. The company was founded on March 3, 1951 as "Preduzeće za putnički saobraćaj" with a fleet composed of seven buses. Today it is the largest and most-used public intercity transportation from Niš.
Bus manufacturing.
The company started its own bus production under the name Nibus in 1996. They developed their first model, tourist coach Nibus 350 powered by MAN engine.
After 5 years of continuous development Nibus 350 evolved into Nibus 400. In 2006, Nibus 400 won the award “Best of Serbia”.

</doc>
<doc id="36606659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606659" title="Ain't Gonna Bump No More (With No Big Fat Woman)">
Ain't Gonna Bump No More (With No Big Fat Woman)

"Ain't Gonna Bump No More (With No Big Fat Woman)" was a composition by Joe Tex and Buddy Killen, and released by Tex as a single in 1977, bringing the musician back to the top 40 of the pop and R&B charts simultaneously for the first time since 1972's "I Gotcha". Tex used his aunt Bennie Lee McGinty's name as composer for tax reasons.
Reception.
Tex's previous hit, "Have You Ever", was a hit in New Zealand. In the US, "Ain't Gonna Bump No More" was received well upon its release in 1977, reaching #12 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and #7 on the R&B charts. Overseas, it was also a huge success in Europe, reaching #2 in the UK and #3 in Ireland.
Tex was later nominated for a Grammy Award for the song and performed the song at the ceremony in 1978. The song was released from the album, "Bumps and Bruises". It would be Tex's final hit before his death in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36606665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606665" title="Sumner-Fredericksburg High School">
Sumner-Fredericksburg High School

Sumner-Fredericksburg High School is a public high school located in Sumner, Iowa. It is part of Sumner and Fredericksburg Schools.
History.
In 2003 Sumner High School was getting lower enrollment and decided that they should consolidate with another school nearby. The school always was interested in Tripoli which had a high school in its town. Tripoli respectfully declined, wishing to stay by itself or even join the school district of Denver. With not much more options Sumner then asked a rival high school in the small town of Fredericksburg. Their mascot was the Falcons. Fredericksburg was experiencing a large drop in enrollment was looking to join another school district. When Sumner asked them it took awhile and they finally agreed. The 2003 year was the first year of the new Sumner-Fredericksburg school. The students from both towns voted on the mascot and colors. The mascot would be the cougars and the colors, blue, green, and gold. When picking a conference to go in they picked the Upper Iowa Conference which boasted Sumner's old rival North Fayette and Fredericksburg's old rival Turkey Valley. The high school was put in Sumner along with the Sumner elementary school, Durant Elementary. The community of Fredericksburg got the middle school along with their own elementary. Together they have made their own rivals of North Fayette, Turkey Valley, Wapsie Valley, and New Hampton. In 2014 Sumner-Fredericksburg will join the North Iowa Cedar League, East. 
Athletics.
Sumner Fredericksburg has the following sports

</doc>
<doc id="36606666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606666" title="Lyskovo">
Lyskovo

Lyskovo () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36606679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606679" title="Andrew Willis (swimmer)">
Andrew Willis (swimmer)

Andrew Willis is a British swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke, finishing in 3rd place overall in the heats and qualifying for the final where he finished in 8th place. Also finishing 7th in the 2013 World Championships in the 200m Breastroke
A third year Chemical engineering student with a passion for transport phenomena

</doc>
<doc id="36606683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606683" title="England Away">
England Away

England Away is the third novel by British author John King, published by Jonathan Cape in 1999.
The final part of the loose Football Factory trilogy, it follows characters from The Football Factory and Headhunters novels who come together as they head into Europe for an England football match against Germany in Berlin.
The main character, Tommy Johnson, narrates their passage through Amsterdam to Berlin, while back in a London pub Bill Farrell, from an older generation, remembers the similar route he traced as a soldier in the second world war, confronting a horrific war memory in the process. Both Farrell and Johnson face up to their own demons, with very different results.
In an interview with the writer Jay Slayton-Joslin, King said of "England Away": 'We are all the result of those who went before us, and I’m interested in the continuation and expansion of our culture.'
After the publication of "England Away", King shifted his attentions away from football culture to other aspects of white working class society in novels such as Human Punk and White Trash.

</doc>
<doc id="36606687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606687" title="Vyacheslav Sinkevich">
Vyacheslav Sinkevich

Viatcheslav Sinkevich is a Russian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke, finishing in 9th place overall in the heats, qualifying for the semi final, but failing to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36606691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606691" title="Division of Chemical Health and Safety">
Division of Chemical Health and Safety

The Division of Chemical Health and Safety (DCHAS) is a technical division of the American Chemical Society supporting the efforts of the to cultivate scientific inquiry in the field of chemistry. Founded in 1979 and headquartered in Washington D.C., the division has over 1700 members dedicated to fostering safety in the field of chemistry and related disciplines. Sharing these interests, DCHAS works with a variety of sister professional organizations including the American Chemical Society's Committee on Chemical Safety, AIChE's Center for Process Safety, Campus Safety, Health and Environmental Association, and AIHA Laboratory Safety Committee.
Origins.
The origin of Division of Chemical Health and Safety dates back to Washington D.C. in September 1979 at the meeting of the American Chemical Society. It was at this meeting that the Committee on Divisional Activities entertained the idea of elevating the provisional Chemical Health and Safety to full division status. Following much discussion the recommendation was rejected on a purposed formality.
Understanding the importance of division status, Glenn T. Seaborg advocated for the recommendation with success at the meeting of what was called the Science Commission, and the Division of Chemical Health and Safety was established.
Glenn T. Seaborg, a world-renown radiochemist, co-discovered plutonium and nine other transuranium elements. While working on the Manhattan Project, he devised a method of extracting and purifying plutonium. In 1944, his "actinide concept" of heavy element electronic structure changed the periodic table to include the transition series of transuranium elements. Dr. Seaborg shared the 1951 Nobel Prize in chemistry for his work with the new elements.
In 1947, President Harry S. Truman appointed Dr. Seaborg to the newly established Atomic Energy Commission. Dr. Seaborg continued his public service work as an advisor to the next six administrations and, under President Ronald Reagan, as a member of the National Commission on Excellence in Education. Dr. Seaborg has served as president of the American Chemical Society (1976) and the American Association for the Advancement of Science (1973). Today, he works to further a national commitment to basic scientific research and the safe management of nuclear materials. Editor Carl Gottschall spoke with Dr. Seaborg about the challenges of working safely in a brand new field of chemistry.”
Contributions.
The main contributions of the division in the field of chemical health and safety are the "Journal of Chemical Health and Safety" (JCHAS) and technical presentations at ACS National and Regional meetings. In addition, e-mail discussion list, DCHAS-L, hosts active exchanges of chemical safety information.
Co-published bimonthly by Elsevier Science Inc. and DCHAS, the JCHAS includes peer reviewed articles, regular columns, news, and ideas relating to issues and advances in the field of chemical health and safety. It provides applicable and relatable examples that chemical hygiene officers and others responsible for the safety of their workplaces can put to use right away, identifying potential and developing safety concerns before they do harm.
Mission.
The objectives of the Division of Chemical Health & Safety are 
Membership.
Membership in the Division of Chemical Heath and Safety is a powerful tool for chemical health and safety professionals in industry, academia and government.
Membership in the division benefits all with a professional interest in chemical health and safety. It affords the opportunity to meet people with similar interests and offers a medium, through its meetings and publications, to share knowledge, concerns, and criticisms with others throughout the world. While the newsletter keeps members up to date on meetings and division activities, the Journal keeps members up to date on publications and current health and safety topics.
Awards.
DCHAS provides several awards, recognizing outstanding leadership and service in the area of chemical health and safety, including:
The Awards page of the DCHAS website provides more information about these awards, including the nomination and selection process.

</doc>
<doc id="36606695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606695" title="Wasserbergfirst">
Wasserbergfirst

The Wasserbergfirst (2,341 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located south of Muotathal in the canton of Schwyz. It lies on the range between the Hürital and the Bisistal, north of the Schächentaler Windgällen.

</doc>
<doc id="36606698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606698" title="Marco Koch">
Marco Koch

Marco Koch (born January 25, 1990) is a German swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke, finishing in 11th place overall in the heats and 7th in his semifinal, failing to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36606700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606700" title="Lĩnh Nam chích quái">
Lĩnh Nam chích quái

Lĩnh Nam chích quái (chữ Hán: 嶺南摭怪) "The wonderful tales of Lĩnh Nam" is a 14th-century Vietnamese historical work written in Chinese (chữ nho) by :vi:Trần Thế Pháp. The title indicates strange tales "plucked from the dust" of the Lingnan region of Southern China and Northern Vietnam.
Later editors who worked on the collection include:

</doc>
<doc id="36606702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606702" title="Tales Cerdeira">
Tales Cerdeira

Tales Rocha Cerdeira (January 21, 1987) is a Brazilian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200-metre breaststroke, finishing in 14th place overall in the heats and 4th in his seminfinal, narrowly missing a place in the final, finishing 9th.
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome, finished 27th in the 200-metre breaststroke.
He was at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Irvine, where he finished 4th in the 4×100-metre medley, 7th in the 100-metre breaststroke and was disqualified at the 200-metre breaststroke.
At the 2010 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) held in Dubai, Tales came in 9th place in the 200-metre breaststroke race.
In World Military Games conducted in 2010 in Warendorf, Germany, won the gold medal in the 50-metre, 100-metre, 200-metre breaststroke and 4×100-metre medley.
In 2011 he transferred to Flamengo, obtained the index to participate in 2011 World Aquatics Championships held in Shanghai (but withdrew from participating) and the 2011 Pan American Games.
At the 2011 Military World Games, got the gold medal in the 200-metre breaststroke and in the 4x100m medley, and also won silver in the 100-metre breaststroke.
He joined the national delegation that disputed the 2011 Pan American Games, in Guadalajara, going to the final and finishing in 5th place in the 200-metre breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36606704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606704" title="Melide causeway">
Melide causeway

The Melide causeway, sometimes called the Melide bridge or Melide dam, is a causeway and bridge across Lake Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It links the communities of Melide and Bissone, and provides the only internal land connection between the southern section of Ticino, around Mendrisio and Chiasso, and the rest of Switzerland.
Today the causeway carries the Gotthard railway, the A2 motorway, and a main road. A bridge within the causeway permits water flow and navigation between the two halves of Lake Lugano. The causeway makes use of a submerged glacial moraine, which stretches across the lake reducing its depth to around , as opposed to the lake's maximum depth of .
The causeway was designed by Pasquale Lucchini, a self-taught Ticinese civil engineer, who arranged for large quantities of rock to dumped on top of the moraine to create the causeway. The causeway was built between 1841 and 1847, and opened for road traffic in 1848. The railway was added to the causeway in 1872, and the motorway in 1980.
External links.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="36606706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606706" title="Ticky Fullerton">
Ticky Fullerton

Ticky Fullerton (born 2 November 1963) is a journalist at the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and a regular presenter of the national show, "The Business" since mid-2010. The show is also aired on ABC News 24, the ABC's international TV news channel.
Background.
Fullerton grew up in Surrey, England, and has three siblings. She took a law degree at Magdalen College, University of Oxford, graduating in 1985. At Oxford she was a contemporary of London Mayor Boris Johnson. 
After graduation she became an associate director with Credit Suisse First Boston, working in London and then moving to Sydney, latterly raising capital for businesses and government. 
She lives in Sydney and has one son.
Journalism.
Moving to the ABC in 1995, she worked in business journalism and for the TV show "Lateline". 
She became the presenter of "Landline", a TV show dealing with farming issues in Australia. She was then an investigative reporter for "Four Corners" for five years, before her current role at "The Business".
A 2004 broadcast on "Four Corners", "Lords of the Forest" received criticism for alleged political bias towards logging protestors. The Australian Communications and Media Authority upheld some of these complaints.
Awards.
Fullerton was awarded the Australian Government Peter Hunt Eureka Prize for Environmental Journalism (2004) for "3 provoking reports on issues of national significance – the fate of Tasmania’s forests, the hidden agendas driving waste recycling and the fight for precious water resources".

</doc>
<doc id="36606712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606712" title="Manuel Kerhe">
Manuel Kerhe

Manuel Kerhe (born 30 May 1987) is an Austrian footballer who plays for Wolfsberger AC.

</doc>
<doc id="36606717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606717" title="Indico">
Indico

Indico (Integrated Digital Conferencing) is a free software tool to manage meetings and conferences. It was created by a joint initiative of CERN, SISSA, University of Udine, Nederlandse Organisatie voor Toegepast Natuurwetenschappelijk Onderzoek (TNO), and University of Amsterdam. Indico is a free software licensed under terms of GNU General Public License (GPL).
As of 2012, over 90 instances Indico are known to run at institutions like Fermilab (Chicago, USA), IN2P3 (France), EPFL (Lausanne, Switzerland) and the Chinese Academy of Science.

</doc>
<doc id="36606720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606720" title="Henrique Barbosa">
Henrique Barbosa

Henrique Ribeiro Marques Barbosa (born July 5, 1984 in Belo Horizonte) is an international swimmer from Brazil.
Degree in International relations in University of California, Berkeley, in 2008 Henrique Barbosa was living in Florida, dedicated solely to swimming. Shared a house with three other swimmers, as a member of "The Race Club", running club created by American Olympic champion Gary Hall Jr. In the Esporte Clube Pinheiros since 2007, he has gone through teams like Flamengo and Minas.
Early years.
At 8 years old, he practiced judo and volleyball, besides swimming, and just devoted himself exclusively to swim at age 12. At 15, he won his first podium in Brazil Trophy.
International career.
At 18 years old, at the 2002 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Yokohama, Barbosa finished 5th in the 4×100-metre medley, 9th in the 100-metre breaststroke, and 12th in the 200-metre breaststroke.
He was in the 2003 World Aquatics Championships in Barcelona, finishing 35th in the 100-metre breaststroke.
Participated at the 2003 Pan American Games, in Santo Domingo, where he finished 5th in the 100-metre breaststroke.
At the 2004 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m), in Indianapolis, Barbosa finished 7th in the 100-metre breaststroke final, 14th in the 50-metre breaststroke, 16th in the 200-metre breaststroke, and helped Brazilian 4×100-metre medley relay to reach the finals.
He was at the 2006 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Victoria, where he finished 7th in the 4×100-metre medley, 8th in the 100-metre breaststroke, and 12th in the 200-metre breaststroke.
He was at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships, in Melbourne, where he finished 25th in the 50-metre breaststroke, 23rd in the 100-metre breaststroke, 33rd in the 200-metre breaststroke and 9th in the 4×100-metre medley.
At the 2007 Pan American Games, in Rio de Janeiro, Barbosa won two silver medals in the 200-metre breaststroke, and in the 4×100-metre medley, where he broke the South American record with a time of 3:35.81, along with Thiago Pereira, Kaio Almeida and César Cielo. He also finished 4th in the 100-metre breaststroke. At the 100-metre breaststroke semifinal, Henrique broke the South American record, with a time of 1:01.47.
He was at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where he finished 23rd in the 100-metre breaststroke, and 30th in the 200-metre breaststroke.
On May 6, 2009, at the Maria Lenk Aquatic Center, Henrique Barbosa did the 2nd best time in the history of the 200-metre breaststroke: 2:08.44. On May 9, 2009, repeated the feat in the 100-metre breaststroke, making also the 2nd fastest time in history: 59.12 seconds, and lowering the time in the end of the next day, with 59.03 seconds. Both world records belonged to the Japanese Kosuke Kitajima (58.91 seconds in the 100-metre, and 2:07.51 in the 200-metre breaststroke).
Barbosa was at the 2009 World Aquatics Championships, in Rome, where he came 8th place in the 100-metre breaststroke, 7th in the 200-metre breaststroke, and 4th place in the 4×100-metre medley with the Brazilian team, in a spetacular race where the top four relays broke the world record of the United States from Beijing 2008.
On November 14, 2009, at the FINA World Cup, Barbosa hit the short-course South American record in the 200-metre breaststroke, with a time of 2:04.35.
He was at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Irvine, where he finished 8th in the 200-metre breaststroke, classified 14th in the 100-metre breaststroke, but did not swim the final, and classified 13th in the 50-metre breaststroke, but did not swim the final, too.
He was at the 2010 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m), in Dubai, where he won a bronze medal in the 4×100-metre medley, for having swum the qualifying heats. He also was disqualified in 100-metre breaststroke heats.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200-metre breaststroke, finishing in 19th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36606722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606722" title="Baltic Sea watchtower, Kühlungsborn">
Baltic Sea watchtower, Kühlungsborn

The Baltic Sea watchtower () in Kühlungsborn is an old East German border troops watchtower that was manned by the Coastal Brigade ("Grenzbrigade Küste") or GBK. As a maritime observation town of type BT 11 it was one of a series of originally 27 towers of this type on the coast of East Germany, of which only two survive.
History and architecture.
The tower was built in 1972 and is located in Kühlungsborn Ost immediately next to the beach promenade, not far from the pier. The border defence soldiers of the Coastal Brigade had the task of observing shipping movements on the Baltic Sea and identifying escape attempts. By means of a fixed telescope with high magnification, the four-man crew could observe a wide area up to 12 nautical miles from the observation platform. At night the vicinity could be illuminated with a searchlight on the roof of the tower. The basic equipment on the observation deck included a radio station, a stand-by generator and heating. Below the windows were sealable embrasures for weapons. The guards recorded every apparently suspicious movement. The radio equipment was part of the border reporting network, so border patrol vessels and land-based units could be alerted immediately.
The Baltic Sea border tower dominated the landscape of the Baltic Sea coast. Soldiers of the Border Brigade patrolled the beach, and were supported as needed by mobile searchlights and fully equipped service vehicles.
Society.
A society prevented the planned demolition of the tower in 1990 and, on their own initiative, restored the building and the technical facilities. In 1991 the border tower was declared a historic monument and it is included in the list of heritage monuments in Kühlungsborn. The tower is accessible using an internal steel ladder.
Documented escape attempts.
Information boards around the tower describe various successful escape attempts as well as those prevented by the border guards. One of the most famous escapees was Peter Döbler, who swam across the Baltic Sea in 1969, reaching the island of Fehmarn 40 km away after about 25 hours. In the exhibition room next to the watchtower are several items used for escapes, such as the inflatable boat that took a family with two children. Some of the soldiers' issued equipment are also displayed. The impact of the former Baltic Sea frontier on local residents is described.
Sees also.
Baltic Sea watchtower, Börgerende

</doc>
<doc id="36606727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606727" title="Matti Mattsson">
Matti Mattsson

Matti Mattsson (born 5 October 1993 in Pori, Finland) is a Finnish swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke, finishing in 17th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals. In Barcelona 2013 Swimming World Championships he won bronze medal in Men's 200 metre breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36606729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606729" title="Yamanaka Castle">
Yamanaka Castle

History.
Yamanaka Castle was built by Hōjō Ujiyasu in the Eiroku era (1558–1577), to guard the western approaches to the clan’s primary castle, Odawara Castle. The site was also chosen for its strategic location overlooking the Tōkaidō, the main highway connecting the eastern provinces of Japan with the capital at Kyoto. Despite the growing tension between the Late Hōjō clan and Toyotomi Hideyoshi, only a modest attempt was made to strength the defenses of the castle. During the 1590 Battle of Odawara, Toyotomi Hidetsugu led a force of 70,000 warriors against Yamanaka Castle, which was defended by Hōjō Ujikatsu with only 4,000 troops. Despite the disparity in numbers, the Toyotomi forces took heavy losses, including one general, Hitotsuyanagi Naosue; however, the castle fell in only a half day of combat and most of its defenders were killed.
Yamanaka Castle was not rebuilt during the Edo period, and the site reverted to forest. The remains of its moats and earthen works were proclaimed a National Historic Site in 1930.
In 2006, the site of Yamanaka Castle was listed as one of the 100 Fine Castles of Japan by the Japan Castle Foundation, primarily due to its historical significance.

</doc>
<doc id="36606732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606732" title="Ákos Molnár">
Ákos Molnár

Ákos Molnár (9 March 1991) is a Hungarian swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke, finishing in 20th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36606736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606736" title="Tomáš Klobučník">
Tomáš Klobučník

Tomáš Klobučník (born June 21, 1990 in Topoľčany) is a Slovak swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events. He is a multiple-time Slovak swimming champion and record holder in the 100 and 200 m breaststroke, and also, a two-time Swimmer of the Year (2009 and 2011) by the Slovak Swimming Federation. Klobucnik is also a resident athlete for J&T Sport Team Bratislava, and is coached and trained by Gabriel Baran.
Klobucnik qualified for the men's 200 m breaststroke at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by breaking a long-course Slovak record and eclipsing a FINA B-cut of 2:13.10 from the European Championships in Debrecen, Hungary. He challenged seven other swimmers on the second heat, including four-time OIympian Jakob Jóhann Sveinsson of Iceland. He raced to third place by less than 0.11 of a second behind Poland's Slawomir Kuczko in 2:13.40. Klobucnik failed to advance into the semifinals, as he placed twenty-third overall in the preliminaries.

</doc>
<doc id="36606737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606737" title="Benazir Bhutto Shaheed University (Karachi)">
Benazir Bhutto Shaheed University (Karachi)

About University.
Benazir Bhutto Shaheed University Karachi is Public Degree Awarding Institution located at Lyari town, Karachi, Pakistan. It's a New born University and was established in 2010 with the aim to provide quality education.
Special English efficiency, Computer literacy and Short Courses will be organized to prepare youth for job market.
Facilities like Gymnasium for sports, Auditorium for functions, Computer Labs, Library, Mosque, Canteen, Courtyard, etc. will be available for all requirements to develop inner abilities of the students.
Initially the University has been set up at Government Boys Degree College, Lyari.
Vision.
To produce Graduates and Post-Graduates in different faculties to cater to the requirements of the market for socioeconomic development of the country.
Mission.
To provide quality and state of art Education to the Students in the prescribed area of Business Administration, Computer Science and Applied Sciences in order to make them outstanding professionals and better human beings so that they become capable of contributing effectively and amicably towards national development.
Values.
Creativity, proficiency and quality, based on national as well as international standards and professional Integrity.

</doc>
<doc id="36606738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606738" title="Al Ghazala InterContinental Tripoli Hotel">
Al Ghazala InterContinental Tripoli Hotel

The Al Ghazala InterContinental Tripoli Hotel is a luxury hotel currently under construction in Libya's capital Tripoli.

</doc>
<doc id="36606740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606740" title="Yannick Käser">
Yannick Käser

Yannick Käser (born July 3, 1992 in Rheinfelden, Aargau) is a Swiss swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events. He is a 7-time Swiss swimming champion, a multiple-time age-group record holder, and a member of the swimming team for Virginia Cavaliers. He is also currently trained for the Limmat Sharks in Zurich under his personal coach Dieter Sofka.
Kaeser made his international debut at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore, where he placed sixth in the 200 m breaststroke with his personal best of 2:17.78. In 2011, he cleared a 2:10 barrier to set a short-course Swiss record of 2:09.99 in the same stroke at the European Championships in Szczecin, Poland.
Kaeser qualified for the men's 200 m breaststroke at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by breaking a long-course Swiss record and eclipsing a FINA B-cut of 2:12.09 from the European Championships in Debrecen, Hungary. He challenged seven other swimmers on the fourth heat, including top medal favorites Clark Burckle of the United States and Ryo Tateishi of Japan. Kaeser rounded out the field to last place by more than a second behind Hungary's Ákos Molnár in 2:13.49. Kaeser failed to advance into the semifinals, as he placed twenty-fourth overall in the preliminary heats.
Two weeks after the Olympics, Kaeser later admitted that he officially enrolled on a full academic scholarship at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, Virginia, majoring in economics.

</doc>
<doc id="36606748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606748" title="Choi Kyu-woong">
Choi Kyu-woong

Choi Kyu-Woong (also "Choi Gyu-Wung", ; born May 28, 1990 in Busan) is a South Korean swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events. He shared silver medals with China's Xue Ruipeng in the 200 m breaststroke at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, China, in a time of 2:12.25. He also collected two medals (silver and bronze) in both 100 and 200 m breaststroke at the 2009 East Asian Games in Hong Kong, China. Choi is a member of the swimming team at the Korea National Sport University in Seoul, under his personal coach Lee Woo-Shin.
Choi qualified for the men's 200 m breaststroke at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by breaking a South Korean record and clearing a FINA A-standard time of 2:11.17 from the FINA World Championships in Shanghai, China. He challenged seven other swimmers on the third heat, including former silver medalist Dániel Gyurta of Hungary and local favorite Michael Jamieson of Great Britain. Choi raced to seventh place by less than 0.04 of a second behind Ukraine's Igor Borysik in 2:13.57. Choi failed to advance into the semifinals, as he placed twenty-fifth overall in the preliminary heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36606754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606754" title="Christian Schurr Voight">
Christian Schurr Voight

Christian Schurr Voight is a Mexican swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke, finishing in 26th place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.
Born in Washington, D.C., USA, he swam for the U.S. at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, where he won a gold medal in the Men's 4x100 metre medley relay by participating in heats. He also finished 6th in the Men's 100 metre breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36606756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606756" title="Irakli Bolkvadze">
Irakli Bolkvadze

Irakli Bolkvadze (; born December 12, 1994 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Georgian swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events. He won a bronze medal in the boys' 200 m breaststroke at the 2012 European Junior Swimming Championships in Antwerp, Belgium with a time of 2:15.46. Bolkvadze is also trained by his personal coach Irina Minjulina.
Bolkvadze qualified for the men's 200 m breaststroke at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London by breaking a new Georgian record and eclipsing a FINA B-standard entry time of 2:16.35 from the European Championships in Debrecen, Hungary. In Georgia's Olympic history, he also became the first ever swimmer to surpass an invitation time set by FINA. He dominated the first heat by two seconds ahead of Kyrgyzstan's Dmitrii Aleksandrov, lowering his Georgian record time to 2:15.86. Bolkvadze failed to advance into the semifinals, as he placed twenty-eighth overall in the preliminary heats.
At the 2013 FINA World Championships in Barcelona, Bolkvadze demolished a new Georgian record of 2:03.55 in the 200 m individual medley, but finished thirty-fifth from the morning prelims. Bolkvadze is currently a member of Hamilton Aquatics Club in Dubai, United Arab Emirates under head coach Chris Tidey.

</doc>
<doc id="36606758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606758" title="Baltic Sea watchtower">
Baltic Sea watchtower

Baltic Sea watchtower refers to the former border watchtowers on the German Baltic Sea coast. In particular it may refer to the two surviving towers:

</doc>
<doc id="36606763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606763" title="Dmitrii Aleksandrov">
Dmitrii Aleksandrov

Dmitrii Aleksandrov is a Kyrgyzstani swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke, finishing in 32nd place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36606767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606767" title="Makaryevo">
Makaryevo

Makaryevo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36606769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606769" title="Hollyoaks Later (series 5)">
Hollyoaks Later (series 5)

The fifth series of Hollyoaks Later is a British television series and late night spin-off of Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks". The series aired between 17 September and 21 September 2012.
Development.
It was officially confirmed that "Hollyoaks Later" had been recommissioned for a fifth series on 16 May 2012. The series was filmed over the Summer of 2012. Emma Smithwick, producer of the series, revealed that the production team began planning "Hollyoaks Later" a "long time before its usual prep time" so that it was "wholly rooted into the main show and that it took the characters to new levels without alienating them in the main show". It was revealed that Brendan Brady (Emmett J. Scanlan) would make his "Hollyoaks Later" debut while Mitzeee (Rachel Shenton) who had appeared in previous series would also appear. It was later announced that another storyline would feature scenes with British rapper Lethal Bizzle playing himself. The scenes feature the artist performing for a special VIP gig which "Hollyoaks" fans were offered the chance to attend. It was revealed that these scenes would feature Bart McQueen (Jonny Clarke), Jono (Dylan Llewellyn) and Neil Cooper (Tosin Cole). Scenes featuring Bart, Jono and Neil were shot on location in Amsterdam, with Smithwick commenting that these scenes tackle "light and shade in the same strand". It was later announced that Theresa McQueen (Jorgie Porter) would feature in the series playing a "big part" in the storylines. Neil Newbon, who plays Walker, confirmed that he would be appearing in the series. He said that the series will be "absolute dynamite", adding that it will be unlike anything audiences have "ever seen before in the show". Scanlan has confirmed that Bronagh Waugh and Andrew Still who play Cheryl Brady and Joel Dexter will appear in the series in the storyine containing Brendan and Walker.
Marianne Buckland, commissioning editor for Channel 4, said that the series would be "more dark and dangerous than ever" due to Brendan appearing. Smithwick explained that the series is "very much an exploration of the Bradys - what makes them who they are as individuals, but also as siblings". Smithwick said that Joel and Walker's participation in the storyline gives way to a "whole host of material that audience will not be able to miss". She went on to add that the past of the Brady family will be explored which will include the introduction of Brendan and Cheryl's grandmother. Scanlan has said that the series "builds very, very nicely throughout all five episodes". He explained that during the concluding episodes of "Hollyoaks Later" will take the "storyline to a new level of darkness and black comedy". He added that the series will feature "some very daring stuff, very ballsy stuff that I don't think has ever been done on Hollyoaks before", explaining that he does not believe "Hollyoaks" has "been this graphic". Scanlan said that the storyline throughout the series escalates and is a "hard-hitting, right in your face" storyline. On how Brendan is effected, Scanlan explained the episodes "catapult the character into actions that you just wouldn't expect".
On 5 September 2012 it was announced the fifth series of "Hollyoaks Later" would air nightly from 17 September to 21 September at 10pm. A trailer for the series was later released, followed by a 12 minute preview of the first episode on E4.com on 14 September.
Plot.
Brendan Brady (Emmett J. Scanlan) and Joel Dexter (Andrew Still) kidnap Joel's stepfather Mick (Gavin Marshall) due to his repeated domestic abuse of Joel's mother. Cheryl Brady (Bronagh Waugh) convinces Brendan to visit their grandmother Nana Flo (Sharon Morgan) who has cancer. While being transported from a psychiatric hospital, Mitzeee is handcuffed to Lauren (Emmanuella Cole) who manages to escape, forcing Mitzeee to go with her. Bart McQueen (Jonny Clarke), Jono (Dylan Llewellyn) and Neil Cooper (Tosin Cole) travel to Amsterdam to meet Lola (Lola Créton), who Jono met through the internet.
Reception.
Laura Morgan of "All About Soap" commented positively on the concluding episode of the series saying "we think it’s safe to say they saved the best till last. It was scandalous, scary, shocking and… well, frankly, blinkin’ brilliant!" She added that Emmett J Scanlan’s portrayal of Brendan was "off the scale" during the series, saying she felt that there were several "jaw-dropping" Brendan scenes. Morgan went on to say that "we were on the edge of our seats as Mitzeee finally caught up with evil nemesis Mercy, and held a knife to her throat, and left shouting at our TV screens when foolish Theresa decided a life on the run with bad boy Joel was preferable to staying in Hollyoaks and looking after Kathleen Angel. Shot like a slick movie, Hollyoaks Later had a bit of everything, and we’re gutted that it’s all over for another year… Talk about going out with a bang, though!" "Inside Soap" columnist Sarah said that viewers of the series will "no doubt be hooked" like herself, adding that the series ends on "a massive cliffhanger that will leave you on the edge of your seat!"

</doc>
<doc id="36606773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606773" title="Chen Cheng (swimmer)">
Chen Cheng (swimmer)

Chen Cheng is a Chinese swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke, finishing in 33rd (last) place overall in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36606788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606788" title="Tsilavina Ramanantsoa">
Tsilavina Ramanantsoa

Tsilavina Ramanantsoa is a Malagasy swimmer. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 200 metre breaststroke but was disqualified.

</doc>
<doc id="36606800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606800" title="Enrique O'Neil">
Enrique O'Neil

Enrique O'Neil was Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico, from 1866 to 1867.
Enrique O'Neil is best known for having adopted a complete plan for urban remodeling for the city of Ponce in 1867. The plan was adopted with the help of Spanish military engineer Félix D'Ors. It was influenced by remodeling plans in Paris, Barcelona, and Madrid. Part of the legacy of that plan are the chamfered street corners evident throughout the city. Jorge Rigau has stated that these features "signaled the city's coming of age as a modern urban entity."

</doc>
<doc id="36606802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606802" title="MyBnk">
MyBnk

MyBnk is an award-winning educational charity that promotes financial and enterprise education among young people. The London based charity was founded in 2006 by Lily Lapenna and reaches out to teenagers and other young people to help them manage their money effectively and make enterprising choices throughout their lives by delivering a range of educational programmes. Through its work MyBnk raises awareness of the need for financial and enterprise education at an early age.
How it started.
MyBnk was established in June 2006 by Lily Lapenna after witnessing first-hand the positive impact of micro-financing systems in Bangladesh. Since then MyBnk has reached over 20,000 young people across London and the South-East and now consists of a team of seven full-time staff as well as numerous volunteers and supporters.
In June 2008 CEO Lily Lapenna was awarded the Edge Upstarts Award “Young Social Entrepreneur of the Year 2008” by Ed Balls, the UK Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families.
Although MyBnk is based in London, it aims at expanding its programmes to the rest of the UK and other countries.
MyBnk’s Work.
MyBnk’s flagship service is the first FSA-approved, youth-led banking scheme – MyBnk-in-a-Box. The scheme allows a group of young people to take complete ownership of their own independent bank, and enables them and their peers to open savings accounts and take out small interest-free loans to set up enterprising activities.
MyBnk Learning Programme – a 6-week participatory project which takes young people on the journey of turning their enterprise idea into reality
Money Twist Workshop – a one-day workshop covering a range of practical money matters
Ideas Generator Workshop – an inspiration-building workshop where students to work together and develop creative enterprise ideas
Savvy Savings Assembly – a high-energy informative assembly which gets young people thinking about saving and what banks do with their money
Uni Dosh Workshop - a one-hour workshop relevant to young people who are about to leave school or college, and move onto university or independent living.
Quotes about MyBnk.
""MyBnk is a brilliant idea for encouraging enterprise and financial literacy. It deserves to succeed!""
Michael Norton, author of 365 Ways to Change the World
""I'm very proud to be a patron of MyBnk as it is an organisation built on a fantastic idea on how to increase financial literacy and enterprise skills among young people. I'm convinced that MyBnk will help to foster many new entrepreneurs and eliminate financial exclusion and poverty - and thus assisting in laying a foundation for sustainable growth in the countries in which it operates.""
K Johan Pearson, CEO of H&M & MyBnk Patron
"The trustees welcomed MyBnk’s approach to personal finance education for young people and were impressed by its development so far. They liked how young people are involved as MyBnkers, savers and borrowers, the independence of MyBnk, the attention to cultural and ethical issues around banking. They noted that the work rightly fulfils many National Curriculum objectives. They were particularly keen to ensure MyBnk continues to reach young people from low-income backgrounds.""
Catriona Slorach, Grants Manager, The Tudor Trust
""When you have money, and you know how to deal with it, then your choices are made freely. You are not alienated anymore. I support and encourage MyBnk because it is about independence, choice and education.""
John Bird MBE, Founder & Editor in Chief of the Big Issue
Funders.
The Esmée Fairbairn Foundation
The Tudor Trust
UnLtd
Awards for All
The Funding Network
CIVA
Charity Bank
Deutsche Bank
The Worshipful Company of Actuaries
Chartered Accountants Livery Charity
The Worshipful Company of International Bankers
Coutts & Co
N M Rothschild & Sons
Golden Bottle Trust
Newcommen Collett Foundation
Press Archive.
“Pupils Get Lesson in Finance” Islington Gazette. July 16, 2009.
“Youth Investment” The Big Issue. July 6, 2009.
“Finding the Fun in Finance” Society Today. July 1, 2009.
“FD Focus- Melanie Robinson” Third Sector Magazine. June 23, 2009.
“MyBnk” Children & Young People Now. April 23, 2009.
“Bird’s Eye View” The Big Issue. April 1, 2009.
“Students Get Credit by Starting a Bank” London Evening Standard. January 6, 2009.
“Pupils Beating Credit Crunch” Newham Recorder 24. November 26, 2008.
“Early Earning” The Big Issue. August 1, 2008.
“The Penny Is Dropping” etc. Magazine. June 2, 2008.
“Microfinance for a New Generation” Positive News. May 1, 2008.
“Pupils Bank on Finance Lessons” SecEd. May 1, 2008.
“Youngsters to Get Financial Education” Social Enterprise. April 30, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36606803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606803" title="Allock, Kentucky">
Allock, Kentucky

Allock is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office closed in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36606811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606811" title="Shuri Okuda">
Shuri Okuda

Professional wrestling career.
Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling (2005–2009).
Okuda first became interested in professional wrestling, when her elementary school class made a field trip to an All Japan Pro Wrestling (AJPW) event, where she met Taka Michinoku. After deciding to become a professional wrestler herself, Okuda contemplated entering Michinoku's Kaientai Dojo wrestling school, before opting to instead train at a dojo, which concentrated entirely on training female, or "joshi", wrestlers. On October 2, 2005, Okuda took part in an audition held by Meiko Satomura, and, after passing it, was admitted to the first training class of Satomura's new Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling promotion, and began training under her in Sendai the following December. Sendai Girls' held its first event on July 9, 2006, during which the promotion's first four trainees all made their debuts against "joshi" veterans. While the other three trainees were all defeated in their matches in five to six minutes, Okuda's debut match with Mayumi Ozaki lasted fifteen minutes, but, in the end, also ended in the trainee suffering a defeat. During the rest of the year, Okuda also suffered defeats against Chikayo Nagashima, Devil Masami and Hiroyo Matsumoto, before gaining her first win on January 10, 2007, by defeating fellow trainee Sachiko Kanari. On April 8, Okuda entered the Battlefield War Tournament, again defeating Sachiko Kanari in her first round match. On May 6, she was eliminated from the tournament in the second round by Ayako Hamada, who would go on to win the entire tournament. On July 14, Okuda accompanied Meiko Satomura to an Oz Academy event, where she, after a match, confronted Satomura's opponent Aja Kong and eventually accepted her challenge for a match between the two. On August 16, Okuda made her in-ring debut for the promotion, unsuccessfully challenging Kong for the Oz Academy Openweight Championship. On August 26, Okuda made her debut for the JWP Joshi Puroresu promotion, teaming with Ayana Mizumura and Meiko Satomura in a six woman tag team match, where they defeated Arisa Nakajima, Kaori Ohki and Tsubasa Kuragaki.
In September 2007, all five Sendai Girls' trainees were given new ring names as a sign of their progress. Sendai Girls' co-founder Jinsei Shinzaki, remembering past wrestlers like Jaguar Yokota and Lioness Asuka, decided that Okuda should be given the name of an animal and, as a result, she was renamed Tyrannosaurus Okuda. In her first match under the new name on September 8, Okuda teamed with Meiko Satomura in a losing effort against the team of Ayako Hamada and Ayako Sato. Under her new name, Okuda started an interpromotional storyline rivalry with JWP's top junior wrestler, Arisa Nakajima. One early notable match in the rivalry saw Okuda and Nakajima team up with their respective mentors, Meiko Satomura and Azumi Hyuga, in a tag team match at a Sendai Girls' event on October 5, which was won by the JWP duo. In the finish of the match, Hyuga legitimately broke Satomura's orbital bone with a running knee strike, which left her sidelined from in-ring action for over a year. As a result, Satomura positioned Okuda, her top student, as the new face of Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling. On November 18, Okuda defeated Arisa Nakajima in the main event of a Sendai Girls' event to win the JWP Junior and Princess of Pro-Wrestling (POP) Championships. Okuda made her first defense of the titles on December 9, defeating Kaori Ohki at a JWP event. On December 29, Okuda defeated Hiroyo Matsumoto in the main event of a Sendai Girls' event to make her second successful title defense. Two days later, Okuda appeared at JWP's "5th Junior All Star" event, teaming with Aoi Kizuki and Aya Yuki in a six woman tag team main event, where they were defeated by Arisa Nakajima, Hanako Kobayashi and Hiroyo Matsumoto. On February 23, 2008, Okuda main evented another Sendai Girls' event, losing to Aja Kong in a rematch of their Oz Academy encounter. On March 15, Okuda made her third successful defense of the JWP Junior and POP Championships, defeating Aya Yuki. On April 20, Okuda entered Sendai Girls' first Jaja Uma tournament, defeating Ito Dojo representative Hanako Kobayashi in her first round match, and followed that up by defeating freelancer Kana in her second round match on May 23. On June 8, Okuda returned to JWP, losing the JWP Junior and POP Championships back to Arisa Nakajima in her fourth defense.
On June 27, Okuda was eliminated from the Jaja Uma tournament in the semifinals by Ibuki representative Hiroyo Matsumoto. In the finish of the match, Okuda was dropped on her head and neck with a backdrop driver and knocked unconscious. After being taken to a hospital, she was diagnosed with a concussion and a rotator cuff tear on her left shoulder, for which she underwent surgery in November. Before making her return to the ring, Okuda suddenly announced on January 25, 2009, that she was quitting Sendai Girls', relocating to Tokyo and turning freelancer.
Freelancing (2009–present).
On February 20, 2009, Okuda made an appearance at a Team Makehen event, announcing that she had joined the independent group, as a member of which her independent bookings were handled by its founder Tomohiko Hashimoto. Okuda's jump to the group led to the dissolution of a working relationship between Sendai Girls' and Team Makehen; Io Shirai, Mio Shirai and Mika Mizunuma made regular appearances for Sendai Girls' in 2008, but were no longer booked by the promotion after the jump in 2009. Okuda collaborated with the "Ringstars" professional wrestling magazine to start a contest for its readers to come up with a new ring name for her. On April 25, Okuda wrestled her first match in ten months at a Team Makehen event, where she, now working under the ring name Basara, teamed with Mikado to defeat Bambi and Mio Shirai in a tag team match. However, just two months later, Team Makehen went inactive as president Tomohiko Hashimoto resigned from his position after being arrested on charges of blackmail. On July 18, Okuda suffered another concussion and canceled all of her scheduled appearances for the rest of the year. In December, Team Makehen was dissolved, making Basara a true freelancer.
Basara finally returned to the ring on April 29, 2010, at a Vader Time independent event. On June 5, she returned to the ring with Hiroyo Matsumoto, losing to her at a NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling event. On July 4, Basara made her debut for Pro Wrestling Wave, when she and Bambi defeated Misaki Ohata and Moeka Haruhi for the TLW World Young Women's Tag Team Championship. On August 5, Basara made a special appearance for All Japan Pro Wrestling, defeating Kyusei Ninja Ranmaru in a singles match. Two days later, Basara returned to JWP, wrestling in a match, where she was defeated by Leon. On September 26, Basara, Leon and Misaki Ohata formed the Shishi no Ana stable, with Basara now scheduled to become a regular member of the JWP roster. On October 31, Basara wrestled at a Yuzuki Aikawa produced "Yuzupon Matsuri" event, facing American Hailey Hatred. The match had to be ended abruptly, when Basara suffered a knee injury and was unable to continue. Okuda underwent surgery on April 8, 2011, and was sidelined from in-ring action for the entire year. She was originally scheduled to make her return at a Happy Hour!! event on December 18, but the return had to be postponed, when the event was canceled. On March 7, 2012, Okuda announced that she would wrestle her return match on March 25 at an event held by the Apache Pro-Wrestling Army promotion. On March 25, Basara was defeated by Taka Michinoku in her return match. On April 22, Basara made her debut for Universal Woman's Pro Wrestling Reina at "Reina 31", wrestling Saya to a ten minute time limit draw and then challenging the promotion's founder, Yumiko Hotta, to a match. Seven days later at "Reina 32", Basara was defeated by Hotta. Following the match, Hotta suggested that Basara turn a new leaf in her career and return to competing under her real name. On May 13 at "Reina.33", Okuda, now once again working under her real name, teamed with Saya in a tag team match, where they were defeated by Hikaru Shida and Tsukasa Fujimoto. Following the folding of Reina, most of the promotion's roster remained together to form the new Reina X World promotion, but Okuda chose to follow Yumiko Hotta out and on May 22, the two, along with Saya, made their debut as a unit for the World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana promotion, interrupting a main event battle royal and starting an invasion storyline with the promotion. On June 25, Okuda was again sidelined, after suffering yet another knee injury while training. Okuda underwent two knee surgeries, first in August 2012 and the second in April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36606812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606812" title="Les Brown (American football)">
Les Brown (American football)

Les Brown V is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. An undrafted free agent prior to 2012, Brown was signed and subsequently released by the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL) during the offseason, as was documented in the 2012 season of documentary television series "Hard Knocks." Prior to joining the Dolphins, Brown was a finance student and former college basketball player.
High school and college.
Brown attended Judge Memorial and Highland high schools in Salt Lake City, Utah, where he played basketball, football, and baseball. As a junior, Brown was an all-state wide receiver, leading the state of Utah in regular season TD receptions. Brown was recruited and had scholarship opportunities in all three sports, including invites at BYU, Oregon, and Washington State to play football. Brown made the decision to play basketball at Westminster College and pursue a degree in finance. Brown, a 6’4", 190-pound shooting guard, played in 91 games over three years for the Griffins. In 2009, Brown accepted a Finance Internship in the Salt Lake City office of Huntsman Gay Global Capital, a private equity firm. He later returned to the firm's West Palm Beach office, but after seven months, he chose to go back to Utah to complete his finance degree.
While checking out pro trainers to help his brother Braden, an offensive tackle at BYU, prepare for a possible future in the NFL, Brown met a trainer who opened his eyes to his own NFL potential. Trainer Chad Ikei, of Ikei Sports Hawaii, remained persistent and soon Brown chose to put his college education on hold and move to Oahu to train full-time with other NFL prospects. The news of postponing his degree for a second time stirred skepticism from many of Brown’s friends. During a three-month boot camp that included a strict diet and three training sessions a day, six days a week, Brown bulked up to 240 pounds and cut his body fat in half.
Pro day.
After signing with sports agent Michael Ballard of MB Sports, Brown participated in the pro-day at Brigham Young University on March 29, 2012, where he had the best numbers of any athlete at the event with his 39" vertical leap, 10' 3" broad jump, and 4.43-second 40-yard dash. After Brown’s impressive showing, he received calls from the Philadelphia Eagles, New York Giants, Oakland Raiders, and Indianapolis Colts, with the Eagles, Green Bay Packers, and Miami Dolphins being the first teams to invite him to private workouts.
Professional career.
Miami Dolphins.
Before he was able to participate in all of the workouts of the interested clubs, the Dolphins persuaded Brown to sign with them. Brown signed a three-year minimum deal, which included a signing bonus.
He was waived on August 23, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36606813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606813" title="Arisa Nakajima">
Arisa Nakajima

Professional wrestling career.
Major Girl's Fighting AtoZ (2006).
Nakajima began training professional wrestling with the Major Girl's Fighting AtoZ promotion in 2005 and made her debut on January 3, 2006, facing fellow rookie Mika Mizunuma in Korakuen Hall. During her first months in the business, Nakajima wrestled several other matches against Mizunuma, including a "Best of Three" match series in February and a singles rematch on March 18 in Korakuen Hall, which Nakajima went on to win. Nakajima and Mizunuma also wrestled against each other at a Wrestling Marvelous of the Future (WMF) event on March 27, with Nakajima picking up the win. However, Nakajima's run with AtoZ ended abruptly, when the promotion folded following a May 3 event in Korakuen Hall.
JWP Joshi Puroresu (2006–present).
While still affiliated with AtoZ, Nakajima made her debut for JWP Joshi Puroresu on April 30, 2006, when she faced Kaori Yoneyama in a losing effort. Following the folding of AtoZ, Nakajima began working regularly for JWP, starting on May 21. However, she was still officially without a home promotion, working freelancer for various promotions, often teaming with fellow AtoZ alum Sachie Abe as the tag team "Hysteric Babe". In JWP, Hysteric Babe teamed only once, on July 16, when they were defeated by Ran Yu-Yu and Toshie Uematsu in a match to determine the number one contenders to the JWP Tag Team Championship. In August, Nakajima made several appearances for the new Ice Ribbon promotion. During a JWP event on August 6, both Nakajima and Abe announced that they had signed with the promotion, becoming full-fledged members of its roster, with Nakajima becoming the first JWP wrestler born in the Heisei period. Afterwards, Abe left Nakajima to reform her old JDStar tag team "The☆Wanted!?" with Kazuki. After a series of losses, Nakajima finally picked up her first JWP win on September 3, when she defeated Yuri Urai. On November 26, Nakajima entered a tournament for the vacant JWP Junior Championship, defeating Hanako Kobayashi in her first round match. The tournament continued on December 12, when Nakajima defeated Hiroyo Matsumoto in her semifinal match. Finally, on Christmas Eve, Nakajima defeated Ice Ribbon representative Aoi Kizuki in the finals to become the new JWP Junior Champion. JWP's year ended with the promotion naming Nakajima the 2006 Newcomer of the Year. Before the end of the year, Nakajima made her first successful defense of her newly won title, when she defeated Mai Ichii at a NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling event on December 31.
On April 8, 2007, Nakajima entered the Discover New Heroine Tag Tournament, teaming with JWP Openweight Champion Azumi Hyuga. In their first round match, Nakajima and Hyuga defeated the NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling duo of Nagisa Nozaki and Yuki Miyazaki. On April 15, Nakajima and Hyuga first defeated Ayumi Kurihara and Yoshiko Tamura, also representing NEO, in their second round match and then the Passion Red team of Nanae Takahashi and Natsuki☆Taiyo in the semifinals. Later that same event, Nakajima and Hyuga were defeated in the finals of the tournament by the team of Aya Yuki and Misae Genki. The loss led to a match on April 29 in Aya Yuki's home promotion, NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling, where Nakajima successfully defended the JWP Junior Championship against her. During the summer of 2007, Nakajima also took part in JDStar's League Princess tournament. The tournament concluded on June 17, when Nakajima defeated Hiroyo Matsumoto and Yuri Urai in a three-way Dogfight final to not only win the tournament, but to also become the new Princess of Pro-Wrestling (POP) Champion. As this was one of JDStar's final ever events, the POP Championship was unified with the JWP Junior Championship and the two titles have ever since been defended together. On August 5, Nakajima made her third successful defense of the JWP Junior Championship and her first successful defense of the POP Championship by defeating Aoi Kizuki. Nakajima followed that up by also successfully defending the titles against Misaki Ohata on October 21. During the second half of 2007, Nakajima started an interpromotional storyline rivalry with Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling's Tyrannosaurus Okuda. One early notable match in the rivalry saw Nakajima and Okuda team up with their respective mentors, Azumi Hyuga and Meiko Satomura, in a tag team match at a Sendai Girls' event on October 5, which was won by the JWP duo. On November 18, Nakajima lost the JWP Junior and POP Championship to Okuda in the main event of a Sendai Girls' event. The year ended with JWP's fifth Junior All Star event, during which Nakajima teamed with Hanako Kobayashi and Hiroyo Matsumoto to defeat Okuda, Aoi Kizuki and Aya Yuki in a main event "Best of Juniors" match. The year ended with Nakajima being named the MVP of JWP's Junior division, while also being given the Fighting Spirit award.
On February 11, 2008, Nakajima entered a tournament to determine the number one contender to the JWP Openweight Championship. After winning only one of her four round-robin stage matches, Nakajima failed to advance to the finals of the tournament. On June 8, Nakajima defeated Tyrannosaurus Okuda at a JWP event to regain the JWP Junior and Princess of Pro-Wrestling Championships. Nakajima made her first title defense on October 12, defeating Sendai Girls' Pro Wrestling representative Ryo Mizunami. After a 196 day reign, she lost the titles to Hiroyo Matsumoto on December 21 at an event held by the Ibuki promotion. On February 21, 2009, Nakajima, teaming with Toujyuki Leon, received her first shot at the JWP Tag Team and Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championships, but the two were defeated by the defending champions, Keito and Yumiko Hotta. On April 19, Nakajima was defeated by Saki Maemura in a singles match. Following the match, JWP sidelined Nakajima from in-ring action due to "poor health". On May 31, Nakajima officially quit JWP and three days later announced her retirement from professional wrestling, however, keeping the door open for a possible return down the road.
After remaining inactive for two and a half years, Nakajima made a surprise return to JWP on December 23, 2011, announcing that she would be making her return the following year. Nakajima wrestled her return match on April 22, 2012, at JWP's 20th anniversary event, where she teamed with her former Hysteric Babe partner Sachie Abe in a losing effort against the team of Hanako Nakamori and Misaki Ohata. Nakajima then formed a tag team with Manami Katsu and picked up her first win since her return on May 20, when the two defeated Leon and Rabbit Miu in a tag team match. On June 17, Nakajima and Katsu received a shot at the JWP Tag Team and Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championships, but were unable to dethrone the defending champions, Emi Sakura and Kaori Yoneyama. On June 24, Nakajima and Katsu made their debuts for the Reina X World promotion, losing to La Malcriada and Zeuxis in the main event of the evening. Nakajima and Katsu picked up their first Reina X World win at the following event on July 7, when they defeated Micro and Puchi Tomato. Through JWP's working relationship with Ice Ribbon, Nakajima returned to the promotion on July 11, wrestling the promotion's top champion, ICE×60 Champion Hikaru Shida, to a ten minute time limit draw. Afterwards, the two agreed to team up in the upcoming JRibbon Natsu Onna Kettei Tournament, a JWP staple, which was this time co-produced by JWP and Ice Ribbon. The tournament took place over two "JRibbon" events on July 28; an afternoon Ice Ribbon event and an evening JWP event. During the Ice Ribbon event, Nakajima and Shida defeated Hamuko Hoshi and Kayoko Haruyama to advance to the JWP event, where they defeated Command Bolshoi and Hikari Minami in their semifinal match, which went to an overtime after an original fifteen minute time limit draw. However, in the finals of the tournament later that same event, Nakajima and Shida were defeated by the team of Hanako Nakamori and Maki Narumiya.
In August, Nakajima became one of the key members of the JWP Seikigun ("regular army"), during the promotion's storyline rivalry with Emi Sakura and Kaori Yoneyama, representing the Gatoh Move Pro Wrestling promotion. After being defeated by Sakura in a singles match August 12, Nakajima and fellow Seikigun member Command Bolshoi defeated Sakura and Yoneyama on August 19 to win the JWP Tag Team and Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championships. Nakajima and Bolshoi made their first successful title defense on September 9, defeating Leon and Ray. On October 7, the JWP Seikigun, represented by Nakajima, Bolshoi, Kayoko Haruyama and Manami Katsu, were defeated in an eight woman captain's fall elimination tag team main event by Emi Sakura's and Kaori Yoneyama's new Heart Move Kei Reform (HMK) stable, which in addition to the two also included Hanako Nakamori and Morii. Nakajima was the only JWP representative not eliminated from the match. On October 28, Nakajima and Bolshoi successfully defended their titles against Nakamori and Morii. Following the main event, where HMK member Emi Sakura captured the JWP Openweight Championship from Kayoko Haruyama, Nakajima entered the ring and made a challenge for the title. On November 11, Nakajima defeated Morii and Nakamori in a four-woman tournament to become the number one contender to the JWP Openweight Championship. En route to the title match, Nakajima was pinned for the win by Kaori Yoneyama in an eight woman captain's fall elimination tag team main event between JWP and HMK on December 2. On December 24, Nakajima capped off her return year by defeating Emi Sakura to win the JWP Openweight Championship for the first time. Afterwads, the bloody champion, thirteen years younger than her opponent and the second youngest JWP Openweight Champion in history, announced that she wanted to defend the title against wrestlers from her own generation. Three days later, Nakajima was named JWP's MVP of 2012, while her and Bolshoi's tag team title match with Sakura and Yoneyama from August 19 was named the Match of the Year.
On January 6 at JWP's first event of 2013, Nakajima and Bolshoi lost the JWP Tag Team and Daily Sports Women's Tag Team Championships to Kayoko Haruyama and Tsubasa Kuragaki, with Haruyama pinning Nakajima for the win. On January 27, the storyline rivalry between HMK and JWP was blown off, when Hanako Nakamori, Kaori Yoneyama and Morii were defeated in a six-woman tag team match by Nakajima, Bolshoi and freelancer and AtoZ alum Kana, whom Nakajima had invited to the promotion, much to the dismay of Bolshoi. On February 17, Nakajima made her first successful defense of the JWP Openweight Championship against Kayoko Haruyama, avenging the pinfall loss from the tag team title match. In March, Nakajima and Bolshoi took part in the 2013 Tag League the Best, defeating Leon and Neko Nitta on March 3, before losing to Hanako Nakamori and Morii on March 31, as a result failing to qualify for the finals. On April 14, Nakajima defeated Yumiko Hotta in a No Holds Barred match for her second successful defense of the JWP Openweight Championship, avenging a tag team match loss against the World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana representative from a month earlier. On April 25, Nakajima made her debut for Wrestling New Classic (WNC), taking part in a seven-way match for the WNC Women's Championship. The match, which also included Command Bolshoi, Kayoko Haruyama, Nikki Storm and Syuri, ended when Lin Byron pinned defending champion Makoto to become the new champion. On April 29, Nakajima took part in World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana's second anniversary event, teaming with Command Bolshoi in a tag team match, where they defeated Megumi Yabushita and Piyota Mask. Later in the semi-main event, Nakajima interfered in a WWWD Tag Team Championship match, helping Keiko Aono and Yumiko Hotta defeat Kaoru Ito and Tomoko Watanabe for the title, aligning herself with Hotta's Bousou-gun stable and turning heel for the first time in her career. Back in JWP on May 5, Nakajima's friendship with Kana exploded into a storyline rivalry between the two, when Kana submitted Nakajima at the end of a heated tag team match. Post-match, Nakajima and Kana came to blows, before being separated by other JWP wrestlers. This new rivalry also led to matches between Nakajima and Kana in other promotions, including Osaka Pro Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Wave. In the latter promotion, Nakajima entered the 2013 Catch the Wave tournament on May 15, defeating Shuu Shibutani in her first round-robin match. Nakajima finished her round-robin block on June 19 with a record of two wins, three draws and one loss, suffered against Mio Shirai, and advanced to the knockout stage. On July 15, Nakajima first defeated Shuu Shibutani in her first round match and then Syuri in her semifinal match to advance to the finals of the 2013 Catch the Wave, where she was defeated by Misaki Ohata. Back in JWP on July 28, Nakajima defeated Command Bolshoi to not only make her third successful defense of the JWP Openweight Championship, but to also win the CMLL-Reina International Championship. On August 18, Nakajima lost the JWP Openweight Championship to Kana in her third title defense, ending her reign at 237 days.
Following the loss of her title, Nakajima began portraying a darker, brooding persona and while she talked about a possible rematch with Kana, she went on a losing streak against Kazuki and Leon. On September 29, Nakajima returned to WNC, however, her match with Makoto had to be ended early, when she dislocated her right shoulder and had to be rushed to a hospital. Nakajima returned to the ring on October 14, wrestling Bolshoi in a three-minute exhibition match. Nakajima wrestled her official return match on October 18 at a World Woman Pro-Wrestling Diana event. During a tag team match, where she and Kyoko Inoue faced Yumiko Hotta and Mask de Sun, Nakajima turned on Inoue and joined Hotta's Bousou-gun stable, vowing to show her violent side in the future. Following the turn, Nakajima began making regular appearances for Diana as a representative of Bousou-gun. Back in JWP, Nakajima entered a storyline, where Kana began professing her love for her, even naming Nakajima the next challenger to her JWP Openweight Championship. On December 15, Nakajima defeated Kana to regain the JWP Openweight Championship. That same evening, Nakajima won her second JWP MVP award in a row, while her match with Kana that same day was named the 2013 Match of the Year. Prior to the title win, Nakajima had agreed to a double title match with World of Stardom Champion Io Shirai on the condition that she could regain the JWP Openweight Championship. The day after her title win, the match, where both titles would be on the line, was made official for World Wonder Ring Stardom's year-end event on December 29. The match ended in a thirty-minute time limit draw, meaning that both champions retained their titles. Meanwhile, Nakajima continued her rivalry with Kana, with the two forming a dysfunctional tag team for the 2014 Tag League the Best. On February 25, Nakajima wrestled her first deathmatch, booked by Kana as part of her independent Kana ProMania event, where she and Jun Kasai were defeated by Ayako Hamada and Ryuji Ito. Despite their issues with each other, Nakajima and Kana entered the final day of the round-robin portion of the Tag League the Best on March 2 with a chance to reach the finals. They were, however, eliminated after wrestling Command Bolshoi and Kyoko Kimura to a twenty-minute time limit draw. This led to a match on April 20, where Nakajima made her second successful defense of the JWP Openweight Championship against Kimura.

</doc>
<doc id="36606820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606820" title="Sheraton Hotel Tripoli">
Sheraton Hotel Tripoli

The Sheraton Hotel Tripoli is a luxury hotel currently under construction in Libya's capital Tripoli in the Gergarish District. It sits directly next to the Four Points by Sheraton Tripoli Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="36606829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606829" title="Robin Gibb (EP)">
Robin Gibb (EP)

Robin Gibb is the first EP released by British singer-songwriter Robin Gibb, released in 1985 on Amiga Records only in Germany.
"Juliet" is originally released as the first single on his 1983 album "How Old Are You?". "How Old Are You" is the second single released in "How Old Are You?". "Boys Do Fall in Love" is originally released as the first single in his 1984 album "Secret Agent". "Robot" was originally released in "Secret Agent".

</doc>
<doc id="36606833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606833" title="List of Bengali films of 1967">
List of Bengali films of 1967

A list of films produced by the Tollywood (Bengali language film industry) based in Kolkata in the year 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="36606837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606837" title="Bulan, Kentucky">
Bulan, Kentucky

Bulan is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36606842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606842" title="The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong">
The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong

The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong is an example of The New Journalism by Nicholas Tomalin, an English journalist, in 1966. The narrative relates the activities of General James F. Hollingsworth during The Zapping Mission of the Vietnam War. This narrative first appeared in the British newspaper, "The Sunday Times".
History and background.
Nicholas Tomalin (October 30, 1931- October 17, 1973) was an English investigative reporter and foreign correspondent who wrote for various London newspapers throughout his professional career. He died while reporting the 1973 Arab- Israeli Yom Kippur War. His father was a communist, which may have given him a unique perspective when reporting the Cold War proxy conflict that was the Vietnam War. Tomalin wrote “The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong” for the weekly London paper The Sunday Times, which ran the story on June 5, 1966 . In the Same year, The Sunday Times, as well as the London- based national daily paper The Times were acquired by Lord Roy Thomson, a Canadian media entrepreneur, and incorporated into his larger media conglomerate.
General James Francis Hollingsworth (March 24, 1918- March 2, 2010) was born in Sanger, Texas on a family farm. He graduated from Texas A&M in 1940 and was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army. A decorated and battle hardened World War II veteran, Hollingsworth had attained the age of forty- eight and rank of Brigadier General by the time Tomalin covered him for the "Sunday Times" article. He continued to gain distinction (as well as various awards for merit and valor) throughout his term of service in Vietnam, and soon rose to be an integral combat leader in the American operations carried out in the region between Saigon and the Vietnam- Cambodia border (especially the strategically valuable “Iron Triangle”). In addition to his distinction in combat, Tomalin’s article would subsequently gain Hollingsworth considerable notoriety.
Historical context.
Tomalin spent his day reporting on General Hollingsworth in 1966, during the period of escalation (i.e. increased U.S. involvement in the ground war) initiated by President Lyndon B. Johnson. This escalation was carried out in an attempt to halt the U.S. and South Vietnamese “losing trend” that had prevailed in prior months. The escalation was carried out in accordance with Phase Two of General William Westmoreland’s three- point victory plan. The escalation marked a significant shift in U.S. strategy (defensive to offensive), and provoked a matching escalation on the part of the North Vietnamese, trapping the two combatants in a perpetuating cycle of escalation.
A key region wherein this escalation strategy was employed was the Iron Triangle, a 120 square mile area located roughly twenty-five miles north of Saigon, precisely the region that Hollingsworth describes to Tomalin at the outset of the article. Route 13 is a major thoroughfare running from Saigon, through the Iron Triangle, to the Cambodian border. It is a landmark that General Hollingsworth refers to specifically early in Tomalin’s article. The divisional office at Ki-Na (where Tomalin begins the narrative) is situated twenty miles north of Saigon, meaning that it was just to the south (or on the southern edge) of the Iron Triangle. The Iron Triangle was an insurgent stronghold during this period, where the Viet Minh maintained an elaborate tunnel system and logistic outposts. The strength of insurgent forces in this region posed a particularly palpable threat to the U.S. Forces and U.S.- backed South Vietnamese government due to the region’s close proximity to Saigon. 
The U.S. Army 1st Infantry Division (A.K.A. “The Big Red One”, in which Hollingsworth was a general) carried out operations throughout this area during the period 1965-1970. These missions employed typical counterinsurgency tactics that were being fine- tuned in many countries engaged in civil and revolutionary wars during this era. Some major offensive missions undertaken (or participated in) by the 1st Infantry Division during this period were Operation Attleboro, Operation Cedar Falls, and Operation Junction City. Operation Attleboro was carried out in November 1966, the same year that Tomalin reported on General Hollingsworth. 
Of particular importance to these operations were Search and Destroy tactics—strategies wherein forces are succinctly inserted, seek out enemy forces, destroy them, and quickly withdraw. This allowed a smaller number of troops to secure and occupy a comparatively larger geographic area. However, Search and Destroy tactics were notorious for being carried overboard, and massive civilian casualties were often an unfortunate consequence. This was one factor contributing to international dissent and protest regarding the conflict, and also proved to be a significant obstacle to the pacification of the region. 
Against this background, the mission described by Tomalin was evidently a search and destroy mission, carried out in the southern part of the Iron Triangle in 1966, which General Hollingsworth participated in actively. The General uses an M16 (AR15) carbine (rifle), flies in a Bell Iroquois UH-1B helicopter, which carries two M60 7.62x51mm calibre machine guns; all of these items were typical standard- issue equipment. On the whole, it seems that Tomalin witnessed a fairly representative Search and Destroy mission, a quotidian undertaking for General Hollingsworth.
Plot.
The story starts out describing the nonchalant nature of how General Hollingsworth eliminates his enemies and is not bothered by their deaths. After pinning two medals to the Colonel’s doctor for his outstanding efforts, Hollingsworth displays a map showing their next target. He states that the next mission for his team to complete is to free Routes 13 and 16 of any Viet Cong. Hollingsworth notes that these two roads were initially used to carry supplies up from Saigon to Phuoc Vinh. After the General motivates his team, he tells them all that they are going to “zap” all of the enemies so that no more remain. Once he gets situated in his helicopter, he tells the pilots that it hasn’t been a very productive day for his unit; The Alpha, Bravo, and Charlie Companies were unsuccessful in killing any enemies after finding a possible Viet Cong headquarters. When Hollingsworth learns that there has been some sniper activity in the area, he orders the pilots to take him to Battalion HQ. Despite the pilots’ hesitation, he demands that they fulfill his request. Once he arrives, Hollingsworth asks the soldiers if they have killed any Congs yet. After hearing that they have not, he is infuriated and demands that they start killing as soon as possible. Back in the helicopter, Hollingsworth sees the white smoke and then witnesses the air strike that is supposedly going to eliminate all enemy targets. He says that he wasn’t sure if the snipers were in this location, but if they weren’t, he was going to “zap” the whole forest if he had to. After the pilot points out two Congs running in the bushes, General Hollingsworth grabs his M16 off of the rack and leans out of the helicopter, ready to shoot and kill the two possible soldiers. Attempting to eliminate the two Congs, a smoke canister is dropped and a white vapor covers the scene. Hollingsworth circles the area five times to secure the enemies killing. These attempts were unsuccessful after the narrator admits that he just saw the running figures in the bushes. The chopper is flown low into the ground and the Lieutenant grabs the runner. General Hollingworth assures himself that the man they captured was in fact a Cong, and then they land at a base camp. An ambulance quickly arrives to administer health care to this victim. Hollingsworth discovers that this man’s objective was to mine at Route 16 and fire at enemy helicopters. The General compliments himself back and forth and says that he will attack whomever he has to in order to succeed. He then states that nothing is better than “killin’ Cong”.
Literary elements.
Opening and theme.
“The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong” opens with two brief, one- sentence paragraphs. These statements set the scene and establish the dual objective of the piece: first, to provide a brief, action- packed profile of a particularly martial general (the first sentence), and second, to investigate the causes of the tremendous civilian casualties resulting from the war. The first sentence says, in part, that the General “…took off in his personal helicopter and killed more Vietnamese than all the troops he commanded.” (Wolfe, 197). Although there is much violence and bloodshed during the course of Tomalin’s afternoon with the General, the narrative does not explicitly say that the General killed anyone on this day—although as much can be assumed. The second brief paragraph relates a rumored statistic of civilian casualties: “…more than four injured civilians for every wounded Viet Cong—unavoidable in this kind of war.” (Wolfe, 197) This initially raises the running theme of the tremendous civilian casualties that are a consequence of the indiscriminate violence resulting from helicopter- based search and destroy missions.
Tone and narration.
For the subject matter portrayed, the tone of “The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong” is remarkably light. Tomalin’s phrasing seems mostly descriptive, rather than evaluative or normative, allowing the reader to evaluate the situation (characters, events) described for him- or herself (and enabling Tomalin to provide a more impartial account). Tomalin’s tone conveys a sense of action and adventure, but does not give the impression that the primary focus of the piece is the issue of civilian casualties. Tomalin’s narration style is unobtrusive—presumably in another attempt to provide “hard”, objective coverage, he rarely interjects his own voice. He switches to first- person point of view occasionally (“I point at a paddy field full of peasants less than half a mile away.” (200), “A shower of spent cartridge cases leaps from the General’s carbine to drop, lukewarm, on my arm.” (200)) for a number of plausible reasons- perhaps to provide a realistic sense of perspective. The entire piece is written from Tomalin’s perspective, although most of it is in the third- person, recounting the General’s actions rather than Tomalin’s internal experience. Tomalin only interjects his voice as an investigative reporter into the dialogue on a few occasions, and every time he does, his goal is to reinforce the theme of civilian casualties— for example, Tomalin asks “But General, how do you know those aren’t just frightened peasants?” (200). This technique creates a sense of narrative distance that helps Tomalin’s account of the facts seem balanced and disinterested. Also, by employing a relatively light tone, Tomalin seems to express something about the nature of the mission; it is a combat mission, but the soldiers fighting from the air have a tremendous technological advantage over their enemies, and as such run a much smaller risk when entering into combat. Tomalin’s relatively light tone (as well as the General’s) conveys this sense of detachment from the battle.
Plot structure and setting.
The plot of “The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong” is very simple (and necessarily so given its length). The exposition can be considered to be everything from the opening sentence to the point when they take off in the General’s helicopter. This section introduces the General, the theme of civilian casualties, and the day’s mission and purpose. The rising action is the trip to Battalion HQ and the episode with the napalm strike. The climax comes during the episode involving the young Viet Cong who the General captures. This section is particularly relevant to the theme because, in this instance, the General captures, rather than kills the enemy—although it is a close call for the young Viet Cong. The denouement is the final section of the work, after medics treat the injured Viet Cong, when Tomalin is debriefing with the General. Hollingsworth relates his justification for his “shoot first, ask questions later” approach, and expresses his delight at having a journalist witness the events of the day.
The setting, aside from the broader historical context discussed earlier (see History and Background) is the interior of the General’s personal helicopter. Other than several brief scenes in various regional bases, the events of the story unfold inside the helicopter.
Characters.
The only “round” (i.e. developed) character is the General. This aspect of the piece conveys the sense that “The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong” is a character profile of the General, even though the central issue of the piece is civilian casualties. Tomalin’s physical description depicts the General as a typical general—“…reminiscent of every movie general you have seen.” (198). Tomalin pays special attention to the General’s mannerisms and colloquialisms. For instance, one of the General’s lines is, “There’s nothing alive in there[…] or they’d be skedadling. Yes there is, by golly.” (201) An important aspect of the General’s character is his certainty and justification for fighting in such an indiscriminate manner. The General relies on his battle- hardened instincts to determine if a potential threat is posed to himself or his men. His long military career and high rank make this explanation viable. However, it seems fair to wonder (in spite of the General’s certainty), whether any civilians were injured or killed in these blind, airborne attacks, and also, whether the General behaved differently due to Tomalin’s presence and observation.
The other military personnel mentioned are utterly “flat” (i.e. undeveloped) characters. A few names are mentioned, but no additional details. After the General, the two most developed characters are the young Viet Cong insurgent who the General captures, and Tomalin, neither of whom can really be considered “round”.
Effects and criticism.
There is very little criticism about Tomalin's work. This story was included in Thomas Wolfe’s collection of short stories known as The New Journalism. This collection covered an assortment of subject matters and served as a vehicle for this new type of journalism to flourish. Tomalin’s work received notoriety after being published in this collection. The impact on English society, according to Wolfe, was effective because it gave them a sense of emotion for the Vietnam war. The English saw how the Congs were being murdered and “zapped” across the board and felt a sense of sorrow for the Vietnamese civilians that were being mistaken for soldiers. Wolfe also notes how Tomalin’s piece created somewhat of an attraction of the war. One typically does not enjoy the act of war. “The General Goes Zapping Charlie Cong” spiked the English’s interest and encouraged it’s readers to follow the proceeding of the war.
References.
2. Brief biography of General Hollingsworth: http://www.riley.army.mil/bigredone/commandteam/former/ADC/Hollingsworth,%20James%20F.htm

</doc>
<doc id="36606844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606844" title="1981–82 Galatasaray S.K. season">
1981–82 Galatasaray S.K. season

The 1981–82 season was Galatasaray's 78th in existence and the 24th consecutive season in the 1. Lig. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club have played in the season.
Squad statistics.
2nd leg Galatasaray SK – Bursa SK squad has not been added
1. Lig.
Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Türkiye Kupası.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Süper Kupa-Cumhurbaşkanlığı Kupası.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"
Friendly Matches.
"Kick-off listed in local time (EET)"

</doc>
<doc id="36606846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606846" title="Vampyrocrossota childressi">
Vampyrocrossota childressi

Vampyrocrossota childressi is a small jellyfish in the family Rhopalonematidae. It is the only known species of jellyfish that is truly black. 
Distribution.
"Vampyrocrossota childressi" has only been found in the Pacific Ocean off California and Oregon. This deep-sea animal lives between 600-1475 m depth.
Etymology.
This species was named after James J. Childress, a marine biologist at the University of California, Santa Barbara who helped discover this jellyfish. 

</doc>
<doc id="36606849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606849" title="Carla Hernández">
Carla Hernández

Carla Hernández (born August 1984) is a Mexican actress. She attended TV Azteca's acting class, Centro de Formacion Actoral. She made her official acting debut in Azteca's Vidas Robadas, as Luz and Camila, the protagonist and antagonist, alongside Christian Bach and Andrés Palacios, in 2010.
Personal life.
Carla is the youngest of three siblings. She has an elder half-sister. When she was 10, she lost her brother, Mario Alberto, who was 16, after a car accident. At the age of 19, she gave birth to her son, Carlos, who lives in Guadalajara with her parents. As of March, 2013, she is pregnant again, apparently by Héctor Arredondo.

</doc>
<doc id="36606860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606860" title="John Arbuthnot (FRS)">
John Arbuthnot (FRS)

John Arbuthnot FRS (c.1729 - 27 December 1797). Inspector General of the Irish Linen Board.
Career.
John Arbuthnot Esq., of Mitcham, was appointed a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1770. His appointment stated that he was thus; "versed in natural knowledge, & having made several considerable improvements in Husbandry, being desirous of becoming a fellow of the Royal Society, is recomended by us on our personal knowledge of him, as being likely to become a usefull & valuable member"
On agriculture, Arbuthnot authored a work entitled "An inquiry into the connection between the present price of provisions, and the size of farms. : With remarks on population as affected thereby. To which are added, proposals for preventing future scarcity. / By a farmer." (London: : Printed for T. Cadell ..., 1773)
Personal life.
Son of George Arbuthnot of Kinghornie (Baptized 15 February 1688, d. China 18 July 1732. George Arbuthnot was originally a Captain in Queen Anne's Guard, he entered EICS and later became a wine-merchant in France. John Arbuthnot's mother was Margaret Robinson (d. 1729), dau of Thomas Robinson, portrait painter and half-sister of Anastasia Robinson.
Arbuthnot married firstly, in 1753, Sally Margaret Cecil (buried 19 February 1759), daughter of John Cecil of Ravensbury (buried 21 April 1760). He married for a second time, in 1760, Ursula Fitzgerald (buried 12 March 1761). His third wife, whom he married on 19 October 1762, was Anne Stone (b. 26 September 1739; d. Calais, 15 November 1782), only daughter of Richard Stone, a London banker with Grasshopper banking house, and niece of Archbishop George Stone (1708-1764) of Armagh, the Primate of Ireland, son of Andrew Stone. Anne Stone's brother was Andrew Stone (1703-1773), under secretary of state 1748.
They had children Charles Arbuthnot, Bishop Alexander Arbuthnot, General Sir Thomas Arbuthnot and General Sir Robert Arbuthnot.

</doc>
<doc id="36606862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606862" title="Robot Chicken DC Comics Special">
Robot Chicken DC Comics Special

Robot Chicken DC Comics Special is an episode of the television comedy series "Robot Chicken" and it was aired as a one-off special during Cartoon Network's Adult Swim on September 9, 2012.
A DC Universe special, in collaboration with DC Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation. Voice actors are Seth Green as Batman, Robin and Aquaman, Paul Reubens as the Riddler, Neil Patrick Harris as Two-Face, Alfred Molina as Lex Luthor, Nathan Fillion as the Green Lantern, Megan Fox as Lois Lane, Breckin Meyer as Superman, and Kevin Shinick as the narrator. Cast also includes Abraham Benrubi, Alex Borstein, Clare Grant, Tara Strong, Matthew Senreich, Aaron Paul, Steven Tyler, Tom Root and Zeb Wells. It's followed by the "", which premiered April 6, 2014. 
Synopsis.
List of sketches
Recurring segments and subplots.
Certain segments recurred throughout the special including "That's Bane!" (where Bane sneaks up behind Batman and breaks his back) and "Real Characters from the DC Universe" (featuring characters you wouldn't suspect exist in the DC Universe) as well as subplots including Glenn from the Hall of Doom's mailroom and Aquaman's turn from being part of the Justice League of America to joining the Legion of Doom, plus Lex Luthor getting hit in the head by a kickball.
Home media.
"Robot Chicken DC Comics Special" was released on DVD and Blu-ray, on July 9, 2013.
Sources and influences.
The logo for the "Robot Chicken DC Comics Special" is a modification of that for the Super Powers Collection.
The opening sequence of the special parodies that of the "Challenge of the Super Friends" albeit with the Legion of Doom substituted with "Robot Chicken" original characters Chicken, Mad Scientist, Nerd, Humping Robot, Composite Santa, Gummy Bear, the Unicorn, and Bitch Puddin'.
Most of the figures used for the special are from the Mego World's Greatest Superheroes!, Mattel DC Universe Classics, and EMCE Toys/Mattel DC Retro Action Superheroes toylines. Brainiac and Lex Luthor would see both DC Universe Classics and DC Retro Action Superheroes versions (though, of course, the DC Retro Action Superheroes Brainiac figure was an original piece).
The graphic for the "Real Characters from the DC Universe" is very similar to the "Challenge of the Super Friends" title graphic.
The Hall of Justice is from the Super Powers Collection but is white rather than yellow to be in line with its appearance in Super Friends.
The use of Mister Freeze, Captain Cold, Icicle, and Chillblaine as a group of cold-themed villains is an ongoing theme from DC Comics seeing previous versions including a team-up by Captain Cold, Icicle, and Minister Blizzard in "Justice League of America" #139 (February 1977), the Cold Warriors in "Justice League Adventures" #12 (December 2002), the Ice Pack in "Super Friends" #16 (August 2009), and Icicle, Icicle Jr, Mr. Freeze, Captain Cold, and Killer Frost in "Young Justice" "Terrors".

</doc>
<doc id="36606869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606869" title="Sonsale">
Sonsale

Sonsale is an Indian surname commonly found in Maharashtra among the castes such as Koshti (majority) and also in Brahmins.

</doc>
<doc id="36606874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606874" title="Patuakhali Government Jubilee High School">
Patuakhali Government Jubilee High School

Patuakhali Government Jubilee High School, established in 1887, is one of the oldest schools in Bangladesh and it is located in Patuakhali District.
School history.
During the building of this school the founder of Barisal Govt Brojmohon College the late Brojmohon Dutt (first powerful Mufence of Patuakhali Mohakumar Magistrate) father of late Awshini Kumer Dutt, Nobin Chandra Shen father of Congress leader Shotindronath Shen, Umesh Chandra Dash father of leader Hiralal Dashgupta who is the former owner of the present building of Shonali Bank, local lawyer, barrister and many other people played a very important role. In 1876 Akhwy Kumar De’s hgave a place where they built a hut and first started a school named ‘Patuakhali Entrance School’ under the supervision of Magistrate Rosh Ranjan Pal as the headmaster of the school near the present district post office.
Present school hostel and playground had been used for cultivation. In 1887 former SDO Mr. Foez Uddin Hossain took a lease on this place for the school and he built an eight room, single storied building with the help of the government and money from the local people. In 1887 on the day of Moharani Victoria’ Golden jubilee festival they moved their school to the building from their old hut. On that day they named the school as ‘ Patuakhali High English School’ as the part of their school memorandum.
In 1912 former Indian government took over fifteen bigha of land near the school and handed it over to the education ministry to make it a government school. When the education ministry gave an order to the acting committee to leave the school under government supervision the school committee disagreed, thinking that if they did do it then this school would lose the goodwill that it had. They took a lease under one taka tax and built the present school building. In the period of India, this school earned fame as the idol school in a very short period of time. As a result in 1917 they got a donation from Calcutta University. At that time Pondikul Shiromoni Borda Kandoshen was the principal of the school. In 1931 the most brilliant student of the school Nobochandra Banarji took charge as principal, a position he kept for about 24 years. In his time Bongo Shardul A. K. Fazlul huq and former education minister Sir M. Azizul Huq came for a visit. In 1945 they started giving scholarship in every year of 5 taka per month to the student who gained the top score in the examination of high primary in every Union to study in the school
In 1952 this school enlisted in Uplift Scheme. In 1962 it got enlisted in Maltire Tarol Scheme. On 15 November 1968 the school was nationalized and renamed as ‘Patuakhali Govt Jubilee High school’ at the government level.
In January 2013,observed its 125 anniversary. Former alumni hold higher positions of Bangladesh, including Minister Shahjahan Mia, Justice Mohammed Nizamul Huq and Additional Deputy Attorney General MK Rahman.

</doc>
<doc id="36606875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606875" title="William McOvat Cottingham">
William McOvat Cottingham

William McOvat Cottingham (January 8, 1905 – March 20, 1983) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Union Nationale member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Argenteuil from 1948 to 1966. He was the Minister of Mines from 1954 to 1960. He was also mayor of Saint-Jérusalem-d'Argenteuil (Lachute), Quebec from 1951 to 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="36606878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606878" title="2012 Pune bombings">
2012 Pune bombings

The 2012 Pune bombings was a series of four coordinated low intensity bombing attacks that occurred on 1 August 2012 across Pune, the ninth largest metropolis in India. As of October 2012, Indian Mujahideen, a terrorist group based in India, is suspected to be behind the attacks.
The explosions occurred at locations within a radius of 1 km in Jangli Maharaj Road: in front of Balgandharva Auditorium, Opposite to KFC restaurant near Garware Bridge, Dena Bank branch at Jangli Maharaj Road, and in-front of a McDonald's restaurant. A fifth live bomb found on JM Road which was later defused. The bombs left one injured. All blasts occurred between 7:27 pm and 8:15 pm.
The bombings took place on the evening when the new Home Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde was scheduled to visit the Tilak Smarak Ranga Mandir, a play theatre in the city for an award ceremony.
Victims.
Dayanand Bhaurao Patil (age 34), a local tailor, was the only one who was injured. The bomb went off while he was handling the bag. Patil, with minor injuries on his face and stomach, was admitted to Sasoon Hospital and was later interrogated by the police as a suspect. Patil was carrying the explosives in a cake box with sticky material, two detonators and a pencil cell. According to his initial statement, Patil, on his way home, had stopped at Balgandharva Auditorium to listen to the speeches at the protest against corruption organised by India Against Corruption with his bag containing his lunchbox besides him. When he stood up to leave, he claimed that he must have picked up the wrong bag. After walking for some time, when he realised this and opened the bag, it exploded.
Speculations.
The Police Commissioner of Pune suggested that given the low intensity of the blast and extent of damage, the attacks were rather a mischief than a terrorist attack. However, given the sophisticated circuitry used in the devices, central agencies suspected the role of an terrorist organisation. It was also speculated that the bombings may have been carried out to avenge the murder of Indian Mujahideen commander Qateel Siddiqui or to avenge a central government recommendation that the ban on SIMI be extended for a few more years. Qateel Siddiqui, named in 2010 Pune bombings, 2010 Jama Masjid attack and 2005 Indian Institute of Science shooting, was murdered at Pune's Yerwada Jail in June 2012. Few days ago, the Pune police had received a letter saying Qateel's death would be avenged.
Investigations.
The Anti-Terrorism Squad of the Maharashtra Police promptly started investigation of the blasts. Eyewitnesses reported that the bombs were placed in a garbage can and a cycle carrier. The blasts were of such low intensity that members of India Against Corruption who were sitting for an "andolan" nearby did not know of the blast till the bomb disposal squad arrived.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) and the National Security Guards (NSG) were alerted following the blasts and NIA teams were dispatched to Pune and Mumbai.
Ammonium nitrate was found to have been used as explosives, with 9 volts batteries as triggers. A total of seven IEDs were used in the blasts. Initially, the bomb disposal squad experts suggested that the moist weather may have reduced the intensity of the blasts. However, upon further investigation, it was found that while the bombs had been constructed to cause maximum damage and take many lives, a design flaw had prevented them from fully exploding.
There were no individual suspects even on 2 August, primarily due to the fact that the CCTV cameras near the blast sites were non-functional. However, the use of bicycles and triggers suggested the possible involvement of Indian Mujahideen.
The Pune Police was criticised for mishandling the evidence at the crime scene. Photographs showed cops lifting the bicycle used for the blasts with their bare hands, contaminating the fingerprints on the cycle. Gloves were not used by many cops while searching the crime scene. Policemen were seen searching for evidence with bullet proof vests, when they should have been using bomb suits and explosive trace detectors.
By 3 August, based on the leads obtained from the owner of a cycle shop that had sold the bikes, the investigators were looking for two suspects aged between 25 and 30 who spoke Hindi and Gujarati. While inspecting CCTV footage, investigators found a man, closely resembling Yasin Bhatkal, Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative, coming on a bicycle and parking it opposite the Sai Service petrol pump.
Arrests.
As of 27 December 2012, a total of "eight" suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) terrorists have been arrested. The arrestees are:
Delhi Police said that many of the arrestees confessed of their involvement in the blasts.

</doc>
<doc id="36606882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606882" title="Johann Nikolaus Stupanus">
Johann Nikolaus Stupanus

Johann Nikolaus Stupanus (1542–1621) was an Italian-Swiss physician, known also as a translator. He was the father Emmanuel Stupanus (1587–1664).
Life.
He was originally from Pontresina, and joined the faculty of medicine at Basel. He taught theoretical medicine there from 1589 to 1620 and developed a systematic medical semiology.
Works.
Stupanus wrote an introduction to the second edition (1581) of "The Prince" by Niccolò Machiavelli; it was a Latin translation by Silvestro Tegli, and published at Basel by Pietro Perna, both Italian Protestants in exile and followers of Celio Secundo Curione. Stupanus committed a gaffe by dedicating the work to the Catholic bishop Jakob Christoph Blarer von Wartensee, and for a time was deprived of his teaching post. In 1588 a Latin translation of Machiavelli's "Discourses on Livy" by Stupanus himself was published.

</doc>
<doc id="36606888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606888" title="Robert B. Stobaugh">
Robert B. Stobaugh

Robert B. Stobaugh is an American educator who is noted for his research into energy economics and corporate governance. 
He earned a degree in chemical engineering from Louisiana State University, and went to work as an engineer at companies such as Esso, Caltex and Monsanto Chemical Company. After leaving Monsanto, he earned a doctorate degree in business administration from Harvard University. He spent 29 years as a professor at the Harvard Business School (HBS). He served as director of the HBS Energy Project from 1972 to 1983. According to Harvard Business School, Stobaugh focused his research interests in three areas: corporate governance, energy and international business. The school credited him with writing or coauthoring ten books and over one hundred other publications during his 30-year career with the school. Arguably, his most notable publication was "Energy Future: the Report of the Energy Project", which he co-authored with Daniel Yergin.
Following his retirement from Harvard, he moved to Houston, Texas, where he taught at Rice University for four years. After that, he published the first volume of his memoir entitled,"Starting from Arkansas: Four Continents, Four Countries,Four Kids." He is now working on a second volume of his memoir, which starts with the year he entered Harvard Business School.
Early years.
Stobaugh was raised in the small town of McGehee, Arkansas. At the age of 15, he enrolled in Louisiana State University at Baton Rouge, Louisiana. He earned a Bachelor of Science Degree in Chemical Engineering in 1947. His first job as a chemical engineer was at the Standard Oil of New Jersey (Esso) Refinery in Baton Rouge. He soon transferred to Creole Petroleum Corporation, which was then an Esso subsidiary, Then, he joined Caltex Petroleum Corporation, a joint venture of Standard Oil of California (now known as Chevron Corporation) and Texaco. He was first assigned to Caltex headquarters in New York City. This led to an assignment in Bahrain followed by a move to London He then joined Monsanto in the Houston area. While with Monsanto, Stobaugh realized that top managers typically had earned technical degrees, but had little training in business administration and economics. He corrected this deficiency in his own training by enrolling in a night school curriculum at the University of Houston.
Academic career.
Stobaugh resigned from Monsanto and enrolled in the Harvard Doctor of Business Administration {DBA} program in 1965. He earned a doctorate in 1968 and became a tenured professor in 1971. In that same year, he led an HBS research team studying the relationship of overseas investment by American businesses and the U.S. economy. The team concluded that the effect was positive. Stobaugh testified before a congressional committee against legislation proposed to restrict such investment. In 1983 he was named as Charles Edward Wilson Professor of Business Administration, teaching courses in general management, energy, international business, and production.
In 1972, before the Arab oil embargo occurred, HBS Dean, Lawrence E. Fouraker, asked Stobaugh to organize a venture at HBS called the Energy Project. He recruited a team of Harvard students and faculty who also had knowledge and experience in energy issues political science and technology.
In 1979, Stobaugh and a colleague, Daniel Yergin, co-authored "Energy Future: the Report of the Energy Project" at the Harvard Business School, which became a "New York Times" bestseller. This book was based on the premise that the United States should transition from a policy of unrestricted reliance on imported oil to a more diverse variety of energy resource, and presented the pros and cons of various energy alternatives. Stobaugh was later quoted as saying, “Our goal was to produce a plain English book that would provide a framework for thinking about the energy future... We wanted to relate not only to academics, but also to the general public and people in the political world who were making key decisions.” The book received widespread publicity even outside academia and became a best seller. Its findings were briefed to President Jimmy Carter, and triggered major energy policy initiatives by the Carter Administration.

</doc>
<doc id="36606889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606889" title="Pfannenstock">
Pfannenstock

The Pfannenstock (2,573 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located east of Muotathal in the Swiss canton of Schwyz. It lies on the karstic range between the valleys of Muota and Linth, west of the border with the canton of Glarus.

</doc>
<doc id="36606918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606918" title="Truyền kỳ mạn lục">
Truyền kỳ mạn lục

The Truyền kỳ mạn lục (傳奇漫錄, Collection of Strange Tales) is a 16th Century Vietnamese historical text, in part a collection of legends, by Nguyễn Dữ (阮餘) composed in Chữ Hán Chinese. The collection was translated into French by UNESCO in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="36606930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606930" title="Nguyễn Dữ">
Nguyễn Dữ

Nguyễn Dư (chữ Hán: 阮餘, ?-?) also called Nguyễn Dữ (阮與) was a 16th Century Chinese-language poet of Vietnam known for the Truyền kỳ mạn lục (傳奇漫錄, Collection of Strange Tales).

</doc>
<doc id="36606933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606933" title="Jinnah Sindh Medical University">
Jinnah Sindh Medical University

Jinnah Sindh Medical University (), formerly known as Sindh Medical University, is a medical university in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan. It gained university status in June 2012.
History.
Jinnah Sindh Medical University, formerly known as Sindh Medical College, started on April 7, 1973 after approval of a committee constituted by the Government of Sindh. Approximately 200 students were admitted to their first year of a MBBS in 1973. Khawaja Moin Ahmed was appointed as the first principal of the college. The college initially began working in the pediatrics ward of the Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre, which had been army barracks since 1865 and was given to the Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre in 1959. It started with only three departments: anatomy (including histology), physiology, and biochemistry. In later years, a new academic block was constructed to for departments of pathology, pharmacology, forensic medicine, and community medicine. It also has new museums, laboratories and administration block.
Affiliations.
The university is fully accredited by the Higher Education Commission and the University Grants Commission (Pakistan).
The University is also associated with other medical institutions such as the Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre, the National Institute of Child Health and the National Institute of Cardiovascular Diseases.
Merger.
In 2003, Sindh Medical College became a part of the Dow University of Health Sciences. It also shares the curriculum, faculty, and other certain resources with the other affiliated institutions of DUHS, such as DMC (Dow Medical College) and Dow International Medical College. Later in 2010, It merged with Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre
Granted university status.
The Sindh Medical College achieved university status on June 2, 2012 and thus became third medical university in Karachi, with the ordinance signed by the Governor Sindh, Ishrat-ul-Ebad Khan, and witnessed by President Asif Ali Zardari at Bilawal House.
Notable alumni.
The list of notable graduates of the Sindh Medical College (and later university) includes:

</doc>
<doc id="36606948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606948" title="Ralph Radyn">
Ralph Radyn

Ralph Radyn DD (aka Radulph Radyn) was an English medieval theologian and university chancellor. 
Radyn achieved a Doctor of Divinity degree. Between 1332–4, he was Chancellor of Oxford University.

</doc>
<doc id="36606952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606952" title="Mangilal Arya">
Mangilal Arya

Mangilal Arya (1918 – 23 August 1992) was an Indian freedom fighter and social reformer.
Early life.
Shri Mangilal Arya was born in 1918 at village Ararka, Ajmer district, Rajasthan. Arya, whose actual birth name was Mangilal Goyal, was the son of Sultan Goyal. He completed his basic education up to 10th standard in the local area of Ajmer district. Later on at the age of 16 he married Gulab Devi.
Career.
Arya devoted his career to Arya Samaj, the Hindu reform movement of Swami Dayananda Saraswati, working as a freedom fighter and social reformer. He took part in the satyagraha organized by Arya Samaj in Hyderabad from 1938 to 1939. 
After India won independence in 1947, Arya continued to work as a social reformer for Arya Samaj in Ajmer, and was given the title of "Mantri Ji".

</doc>
<doc id="36606965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606965" title="Nico dei Gabbiani">
Nico dei Gabbiani

Nicola Tirone (18 September 1944 – 12 April 2012), best known as Nico dei Gabbiani, was an Italian singer. 
Born in Sambuca di Sicilia, he was founder and voice of the pop-beat group "Nico e i Gabbiani", with whom achieved several hits in the late sixties. In early 1970s, he became soloist, obtaining his major success with the song "Cento Campane", theme of the TV series "Il segno del comando".

</doc>
<doc id="36606968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606968" title="Religion in Mauritania">
Religion in Mauritania

The people of Mauritania are nearly all adherents of Sunni Islam of Maliki school of jurisprudence, influenced with Sufism. Mauritania is a country in the Africa, bordering Algeria, Mali, Senegal, and the Western Sahara (currently controlled by Morocco). Officially, 100% of the country's citizens are Muslim, although there is a small community of Christians, mainly of foreign nationality. The two largest Sufi Muslim tariqas in Mauritania are Tijaniyyah and Qadiriyya. Because of the ethnic and tribal divisions in the country, religion is seen by the government as essential for national unity.
There are around 4,500 Roman Catholics in the country of foreign origin. There are also a few adherents of Judaism working in the country.
History.
It was trade with Muslim merchants that brought Islam into the region, in the 8th century.
The Almoravid dynasty rose to power in the western Maghreb during the 11th century, and prosletyzed Islam throughout the region. Members of the Gadala Berbers brought back the theologian Abdallah ibn Yasin from Mecca in 1035, where they traveled for the hajj, to expunge the paganism still prevalent in Mauritania. Although Islam had existed in the region prior to the Almoravids, Almoravid rule accelerated the spread of Islam and removed animist influences on local Islamic practices. Ibn Yasin's strict interpretation of Islam alienated many of the Berbers, and the theologian was expelled. Undaunted, he accumulated a devoted following of loyal believers and an army, the foundation of the Almoravid dynasty. ibn Yasin's military expansion converted tribe members of the Gadala, Lemtuma, and Messufa Berbers of the region to Islam. The capture of Sijilmasa and Aoudaghost, important cities in the Trans-Saharan trade, allowed them to dominate the trade routes of the Sahara. The Almoravids converted the Berbers inhabiting modern-day Mauritania to the Maliki school of Sunni Islam, which remains dominant in Mauritania to this day.
ibn Yasin was succeeded by Abu Bakr ibn Umar, a chieftain of the Lamtuna Berbers. Fighting between the Lemtuma and Messufa led ibn Umar to declare a holy war against the Ghana Empire to unify the tribes against a common enemy. The war, which lasted for fourteen years, spread Islam to the members of the Soninke people, founders of Ghana. The political influence of the Almoravids waned as the dynasty declined, but Islamic adherence was firmly cemented in the country.
The political influence of the Kunta tribe between the 16th and 18th centuries bolstered the popularity of Qadiri Sufism in the region. Between the 16th and 18th centuries, declaration of jihads by Muslim theologians pushed for the establishment of Islamic governance in West Africa. In the 17th century, Nasir al-Din led a jihad in Mauritania, drawing support from Berbers frustrated with the corruption of the region's Arab rulers.
The French colonial empire expanded into Mauritania by the 19th century. The West African jihads were brought to an end, following crackdowns by British and French colonists. In an effort to thwart militarism and threats of rebellion, French colonial administrators encouraged the influence of zaqiya, the religious tribes of Mauritania, over hassan, Mauritania's warrior tribes.
Post-independence.
The country declared its independence in 1960 and established itself as an Islamic Republic. Independence brought Moktar Ould Daddah into power, who promoted Islam during his rule. A military coup d'état ousted Daddah in 1978. Colonel Mohamed Khouna Ould Haidalla, one of the participants of the coup, became head of the government in 1980, and implemented Sharia law. Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya, successor of Ould Haidalla, reversed some of these changes, but was ousted in a military coup in 2005.
Political Islam, or Islamism, was introduced in the region during the 1970s. The instability that followed the coup that deposed Daddah invited elements of the Muslim Brotherhood, Wahabbism, and Tablighi Jamaat. The Islamists united as a political party in the 1980s, but were politically repressed starting in 1994. Government pressure on Islamist organizations continued throughout the 2000s. Funding by Saudi Arabia and other Gulf monarchies supported the establishment of Islamic schools, centers, and charities around the country, but were largely shut down by the government in 2003. In 2005, Islamists were arrested and accused of terrorism. Of the original eighty arrested, eighteen remained in prison by 2006.
Islam.
Islam is by far the largest and most influential religion in the country, and has been since the 10th century. According to government census, 100% of the country's citizens are Muslim. Like much of North Africa, Mauritanians follow the Maliki school of Islam.
Islam is the state religion, and sharia is used as the basis of judicial decisions. The five member High Council of Islam determines the compatibility of secular laws with Islamic laws.
Although nearly all Mauritanians are Muslim, the degree of religiosity varies in the population. The are liberal Muslims, moderate Islamists, Wahabbist, and jihadist Muslims in the country.
Christianity.
There is a small community of Roman Catholics in Mauritania, of around 4,500 people, 
mainly foreigners living or working in the country. The Roman Catholic Church is not recognized by the government, but retains a presence in Mauritania without overt government interference. There is a Roman Catholic Diocese located in Nouakchott, the capital of the country. The government officially prohibits the distributions of Bibles, and Bibles cannot be imported, printed domestically, or sold. Private ownership of Bibles is not prosecuted, and Bibles can be acquired privately from fellow Christians.
Government restrictions on religion.
In Mauritania, religious and secular NGOs are granted tax exemption. Based on the sharia stance on apostasy, the government forbids converting Muslims to competing religions. The publication of religious materials that are not Islamic is restricted. Religious education is considered mandatory, but only makes up a small portion of the public school curriculum.
According to the Pew Research Center, although social conflict caused by religious hostilities is ranked Low in Mauritania, the amount of government restriction on the practice of religion is ranked High. Mauritania is the twelfth most religiously restrictive country in the world, ranked between Indonesia and Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="36606973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606973" title="Plastic Principle">
Plastic Principle

The Plastic Principle is an idea introduced into Western thought by the English philosopher Ralph Cudworth (1617–1689) to explain the function of nature and life in the face of both the mechanism and materialism of the Enlightenment. It is a dynamic functional power that contains all of natural law, and is both sustentive and generative, organizing matter according to Platonic Ideas, that is, archetypes that lie beyond the physical realm coming from the Mind of God or Deity, the ground of Being.
Background.
The role of nature was one faced by philosophers in the Age of Reason or Enlightenment. The prevailing view was either that of the Church of a personal deity intervening in his creation, producing miracles, or an ancient pantheism (atheism relative to theism) – deity pervading all things and existing in all things. However, the "ideas of an all-embracing providential care of the world and of one universal vital force capable of organizing the world from within." presented difficulties for philosophers of a spiritual as well as materialistic bent.
Cambridge Platonists.
The Cartesian idea of nature as mechanical, and Hobbes' materialistic views were countered by the English philosopher, Ralph Cudworth (1617–1689), who, in his "True intellectual system of the universe" (1678), addressing the tension between theism and atheism, took both the Stoic idea of Divine Reason poured into the world, and the Platonic idea of the World Soul (Anima mundi) to posit a power that was polaric – "either as a ruling but separate mind or as an informing vital principle – either nous hypercosmios or nous enkosmios.
Cudworth was a member of the Cambridge Platonists, a group of English seventeenth-century thinkers associated with the University of Cambridge who were stimulated by Plato's teachings but also were aware or and influenced by Descartes, Hobbes, Bacon, Boyle and Spinoza. The other important philosopher of this group was Henry More (1614–1687). More held that spiritual substance or mind controlled inert matter. Out of his correspondence with Descartes, he developed the idea that everything, whether material or non, had extension, an example of the latter being space, which is infinite (Newton) and which then is correlative to the idea of God (set out in his Enchiridion metaphysicum 1667). In developing this idea, More also introduced a causal agent between God and substance, or Nature in his Hylarchic Principle, derived from Plato's anima mundi or world soul, and the Stoic's pneuma, which encapsulates the laws of nature, both for inert and vital nature, and involves a sympathetic resonance between soul (psyche) and soma.
Cudworth's idea of 'the Plastick Life of Nature'.
Like More, Cudworth put forward the idea of 'the Plastick Life of Nature', a formative principle that contains both substance and the laws of motion, as well as a nisus or direction that accounts for design and goal in the natural world. He was stimulated by the Cartesian idea of the mind as self-consciousness to see God as consciousness. He first analysed four forms of atheism from ancient times to present, and showed that all misunderstood the principle of life and knowledge, which involved unsentient activity and self-consciousness. 
All of the atheistic approaches posted nature as unconscious, which for Cudworth was ontologically unsupportable, as a principle that was supposed to be the ultimate source of life and meaning could only be itself self-conscious and knowledgeable, that is, rational, otherwise creation or nature degenerates into inert matter set in motion by random external forces (Coleridge's 'chance whirlings of unproductive particles'). Cudworth saw nature as a vegetative power endowed with plastic (forming) and spermatic (generative) forces, but one with Mind, or a self-conscious knowledge. This idea would later emerge in the Romantic period in German science as Blumenbach's "Bildungstreib" (generative power) and the "Lebenskraft" (or "Bildungskraft").
The essence of atheism for Cudworth was the view that matter was self-active and self-sufficient, whereas for Cudworth the plastic power was unsentient and under the direct control of the universal Mind or "Logos". For him atheism, whether mechanical or material could not solve the "phenomenon of nature." Henry More argued that atheism made each substance independent and self-acting such that it 'deified' matter. Cudworth argued that materialism/mechanism reduced "substance to a corporeal entity, its activity to causal determinism, and each single thing to fleeting appearances in a system dominated by material necessity."
Cudworth had the idea of a general plastic nature of the world, containing natural laws to keep all of nature, inert and vital in orderly motion, and particular plastic natures in particular entities, which serve as 'Inward Principles' of growth and motion, but ascribes it to the Platonic tradition:
Further, Cudsworth's plastic principle was also a functional polarity. As he wrote:
As another historian notes in conclusion, "Cudworth’s theory of plastic natures is offered as an alternative to the interpretation of all of nature as either governed by blind chance, or, on his understanding of the Malebranchean view, as micro-managed by God."
Plastic Principle and mind.
Cudworth's plastic principle also involves a theory of mind that is active, that is, God or the Supreme Mind is "the spermatic reason" which gives rise to individual mind and reason. Human mind can also create, and has access to spiritual or super-sensible 'Ideas' in the Platonic sense. Cudworth challenged Hobbesian determinism in arguing that will is not distinct from reason, but a power to act that is internal, and therefore, the voluntary will function involves self-determination, not external compulsion, though we have the power to act either in accordance with God's will or not. Cudworth's 'hegemonikon' (taken from Stoicism) is a function within the soul that combines the higher functions of the soul (voluntary will and reason) on the one hand with the lower animal functions (instinct), and also constitutes the whole person, thus bridging the Cartesian dualism of body and soul or psyche and soma. This idea provided the basis for a concept of self-awareness and identity of an individual that is self-directed and autonomous, an idea that anticipates John Locke.
Influence on Locke.
Locke examined how man came to knowledge via stimulus (rather than seeing ideas as inherent), which approach led to his idea of the 'thinking' mind, which is both receptive and pro-active. The first involves receiving sensations ('simple ideas') and the second by reflection – "observation of its own inner operations" (inner sense which leads to complex ideas), with the second activity acting upon the first. Thought is set in motion by outer stimuli which 'simple ideas' are taken up by the mind's self-activity, an "active power" such that the outer world can only be real-ized as action (natural cause) by the activity of consciousness. Locke also took the issue of life as lying not in substance but in the capacity of the self for consciousness, to be able to organize (associate) disparate events, that is to participate life by means of the sense experiences, which have the capacity to produce every kind of experience in consciousness. These ideas of Locke were taken over by Fichte and influenced German Romantic science and medicine. (See Romantic medicine and Brunonian system of medicine).
Thomas Reid and his "Common Sense" philosophy, was also influenced by Cudworth, taking his influence into the Scottish Enlightenment.
Berkeley later developed the idea of a plastic life principle with his idea of an 'aether' or 'aetherial medium' that causes 'vibrations' that animate all living beings. For Berkeley, it is the very nature of this medium that generates the 'attractions' of entities to each other.
Berkeley meant this 'aether' to supplant Newton's gravity as the cause of motion (neither seeing the polarity involved between two forces, as Cudworth had in his plastic principle). However, in Berkeley's conception, aether is both the movement of spirit and the motion of nature.
Both Cudworth's views and those of Berkeley were taken up by Coleridge in his metaphor of the eolian harp in his 'Effusion XXXV' as one commentator noted: "what we see in the first manuscript is the articulation of Cudworth’s principle of plastic nature, which is then transformed in the published version into a Berkeleyan expression of the causal agency of motion performed by God’s immanent activity."
Cudworth's idea of the plastic principle and that of mind will also be taken up in a new way in the idea of emergent evolution.

</doc>
<doc id="36606977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606977" title="Zoël Saindon">
Zoël Saindon

Zoël Saindon (October 18, 1919 – October 29, 1998) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Liberal member of the National Assembly of Quebec for Argenteuil from 1966 to 1978. He was also mayor of Lachute from 1964 to 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="36606986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36606986" title="Höch Turm">
Höch Turm

The Höch Turm (2,666 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located in the Swiss canton of Schwyz. It lies west of Braunwald (canton of Glarus), on the karstic range between the valleys of Muota and Linth.

</doc>
<doc id="36607024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607024" title="AF Holding">
AF Holding

AF Holding International is one of the largest conglomerate companies in Azerbaijan. The company headquarters is located in Baku with offices in Frankfurt and London. AF Holding is active in business sectors of construction, production, property, retail and tourism which are based in Baku and abroad.
Business areas.
Construction.
AF Construction is the division of AF Holding for building residential buildings for the company itself and consists of companies which are: Ugur 97, Everton Int. and Muradli Construction companies.
Finance.
AF Bank is the previous name of VTB Bank Azerbaijan which is now controlled with 51% majority stake by VTB Bank.
Production.
AF Production is the division of AF Group which is active in industry of producing Plastic products and consists of AFSAN Plastics, AF PEN (PVC doors and windows) and other factories.
Property.
AF Property is the real estate division which is responsible for developing the property business and manages a number of properties of AF Holding. It consists of properties and businesses such as: AF Business House (Office building) and AF Property Limited.
Retail.
AF Retail is responsible for managing retail properties including AF Mall, AF Euro Home, AF Com Center, AF Com Plaza and others.
Tourism.
AF Tourism and Hotels is the division of AFHolding for hotels and aqua parks which are: AF Hotel Aqua Park, Aqua Park Shikhov, Aqua Park Baku and others.

</doc>
<doc id="36607031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607031" title="Counterfeit medicines online">
Counterfeit medicines online

The online distribution of counterfeit medicines has been growing during the last decades. The role of Internet as an unregulated medicine market is the main reasons behind this phenomenon, especially the effectiveness of “spam” as a tool for advertising and promoting these products. Websites and social media are new powerful instruments that organized criminal groups could exploit to conduct their illicit businesses. The spread of this emerging threat worldwide poses a very high risk for the health and safety of unaware consumers.
Definition.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO) definition, a counterfeit medicine is a pharmaceutical product whose origin and/or identity specifications have been deliberately and fraudulently modified, regardless whether it is a pharmaceutical product protected by a patent or whether it concerns a generic drug. This commonly accepted meaning falls within the broader concept of substandard medicines. The meaning associated with “counterfeit medicines” incorporates various cases that are ascribable to the adulteration/replication of a product and/or tampering of the relevant packaging:
The counterfeiting of medicines may also involve products being initially genuine but whose packaging has been modified declaring a higher level of active ingredients than the actual amount of the product, thereby allowing for an increase in sales price. Expired drugs may also be placed within packages that report a later expiration date.
Role of the Internet.
The Internet has radically changed the approach towards commerce, drastically modifying also buyers’ attitudes towards the purchase of goods in general. 
If on the one side the Internet created new opportunities for consumers, on the other it also represents a new powerful instrument that organized criminals could exploit to conduct their illicit businesses. With the Internet criminals have found an emerging marketplace that could possibly be exploited in many different ways to take advantage of the almost unlimited possibilities offered by cyberspace.
In recent years counterfeiters have been exploiting the Internet as an important channel to offer counterfeit medicines both at the wholesale and at the retail level, often creating an independent distribution process which directly targets distributors and final users.
At the wholesale, counterfeiter can exploit distributors’ constant search for low costs products to maximize the profit. For what concerns the retail level, counterfeiters deceive consumers both with low prices and by sending a constant stream of spam messages to their e-mail inboxes. It is clear that the development of new communication technologies and the possibility of exploiting the massive Internet market, has unwillingly favored illegal activities.
E-pharmacies.
Browsing through the Internet, it is easy to hit on online pharmacies that operate according to the regulations and with transparency. For them, criminals are harsh unscrupulous competitors who advertise fake drugs and put at risk the reputation of all online pharmacies which operate honestly. 
However, the Internet nowadays plays a significant role in the worldwide diffusion of counterfeit pharmaceutical products. 
To support the business of legal online pharmacies, some institutions (for instance in the U.S.) developed an accreditation system for both online pharmacies connected with territorial ones and for those only operating through the Internet. Main limits concerning these systems are: the official seals of these institutions, to be posted on pharmacies website as a warrantee, can be roughly imitated; these institutions operate at the national level and, due to the different domestic laws of the countries, it is difficult for any of them to provide customers with reliable information concerning the quality of pharmaceuticals available online.
An overview of the various typologies of illicit e-pharmacies is now presented, basically focused on rogue and fake e-pharmacies. 
Rogue e-pharmacies are those that not adhere to accepted standards of medicine and/or pharmacy practice, including standards of safety, thus violating regulations, and those that engage in fraudulent and deceptive business practices. They sell counterfeit pharmaceuticals through ad hoc designed websites which pretend authenticity and often contain features which aim to imitate legitimate ones. The consumers still seem unable to grasp the risks associated with this particular issue. This happens also because the issue of online sales of counterfeit medicines does not seem to receive due attention by the media. 
On the other side, through fake e-pharmacies cyber criminals do not really sell medicines, but only use them as baits to defraud online buyers, as in the case of ID theft and credit card cloning. The scheme implies a spider-web composed of numerous websites aiming to attract victims. The goal is to infect the computers of the latter with a virus to steal valuable data.
Both types of deceptive e-pharmacies - rogue and fake ones - are often efficiently promoted by spam messages, which work even better during times of health crisis, when people go into frenzy over certain types of medicines and when there is a surge of cyber criminals seeking to cash in on the pandemic.
Deceiving strategies and tools used by criminals.
The exploitation of the Internet by criminals caused the spread of uncontrolled and unverified pieces of information and products.
Internet search engines, for instance, unwillingly contribute to keep illegal e-pharmacies in business. The struggle against rogue and fake online pharmacies requires combined efforts at different levels.
Besides the already mentioned “attractive factors”. such as lower prices and anonymity, counterfeiters also use a variety of deceiving methods that are based on the fact that the potential buyers will never have the possibility to verify the authenticity of what is presented in the fake website. 
One of these elements is the logos of genuine online pharmacies, or the approval seal of controlling authorities. Moreover, to reassure potential consumers very often it is requested a medical prescription, as a requisite to purchase the online medicines. 
Thanks to these strategies, the phenomenon of counterfeit medicines sold online is more and more increasing. According to the EAASM (European Alliance for Access to safe Medicines) 6 times out of 10, medicines bought online turned to be fakes.
International cooperation.
With the launch of Operation Pangea in 2008, for the first time illegal online pharmacies were targeted at the international level. In particular, the operation targeted three main components used by illegal websites: the ISP (Internet Service Provider), the payment systems and the delivery service.
Along the years the operation gained notable momentum as the number of the participating countries rose from 10 to more than 80 in 2011. The four operations Pangea carried out between 2008 and 2011 led to always increasing number of arrests and seizures all around the world. In 2011 Pangea IV was the largest operation of its kind, involving 165 agencies and leading to the seizure of 2.4 million illicit and counterfeit pills originating from 43 countries; the shutting down of 13,500 websites and the inspection of 45,000 packages.
Due to the almost unlimited possibilities offered by cyberspace, purchasing pharmaceuticals over the Internet is easy while, on the contrary, tracing the various phases within the distribution chain can be difficult. It is for this reason that cooperation among different Law Enforcement Agencies in different countries becomes essential.
Role of spam.
Another interesting element to be analyzed is the role of spamming, to present how criminals are able to increase the possibility of success of their deceiving actions by reaching a greater number of potential victims and advertise their products. The term spam is used to describe the abuse of electronic messaging systems in order to indiscriminately send unsolicited bulk messages. The term unsolicited refers to the fact that the message is sent without a verifiable permission granted by the recipient. A message is considered bulk when it is sent as part of a larger collection of messages, all of which have an identical content. "Spam is a problem of consent, rather than content". This is a significant element to take into consideration, as attempts to regulate contents of e-mail messages risk to contribute undermining the freedom of speech instead of efficiently fighting the phenomenon of spamming. 
85% to 90% of e-mails received by most organizations are spam. Spam volumes around the world reach about 250 billion messages a day, that is to say almost 40 spam e-mail messages a day for each woman, man and child in the world. As it is a cheap and anonymous way to promote products on the Internet and since it also allows reaching a large number of people all over the world, spamming represents a very powerful advertising instrument. It is therefore one of the favorite ways used by organized crime to advertise their illegal activities and illicit products.
Online trade of counterfeit pharmaceuticals does not escape the rule and medicines are by all means among the most spammed online products. In particular, in some cases it is particular easy for spammers to take advantage of consumers’ weaknesses. 
Some of the steps taken by organized criminals to make their operation effective are now presented. 
In the past years several companies settled a series of actions against spammers. The various “joint actions” put in place are an important sign of the determination of the private sector to stop the misuse of the Internet for illegal purposes, nevertheless there are thousand of other smaller companies dealing with spamming on a daily basis that are unable to dispose of such amount of technological, financial and human resources to get engaged in such a fight.
Involvement of organized crime.
The interest of organized crime towards the illicit trafficking of counterfeit medicines is clearly demonstrated by figures. For instance, a pill of ecstasy costs between €0.20 and €0.30 and it is generally sold at €5. A Viagra pill costs around €0.15 and it is sold via an illicit website at around 8 to €10. A kilo of counterfeit Viagra pills (1,700 units) costs €255 and the retail value is from 13,600 to €17,000.
Organized crime is very much involved in the activity of many rogue and fake e-pharmacies all over the Internet, also through the spamming activity. Spamming is usually part of a wider criminal scheme: spam is a powerful advertising tool therefore organized criminals use it in order to expand their market. In this regard organized crime could rather be seen as a veritable illicit enterprise in which spammers hold the role of a sort of an advertising department.
Criminal operations over the Internet are clearly facilitated by the fact that it is indeed easy to register a domain name and to set up a website in a country, to create a back office in another one and to install an online shop in a third country, especially if one considers that many criminal groups operating at the transnational level already have established alliances and operate in several countries. Once the online shop is operational, it could as well easily direct payments to a fourth country and eventually invest the profits in a tax haven. Moreover very often, in order to further confuse investigators, money is transferred between a chain of bank accounts, creating a smoke-screen which makes investigations more difficult.

</doc>
<doc id="36607034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607034" title="Ricky Shields">
Ricky Shields

Richard Essington "Ricky" Shields (born July 27, 1982) is an American professional basketball player. He is a 6'4" (1.93 m) shooting guard who last played for Mitteldeutscher BC in Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36607063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607063" title="William A. Brodie">
William A. Brodie

William A. Brodie (1841-1917) was a Scots-American businessman and Freemason. He was Grand Master of Masons in the state of New York in 1884 and in that capacity was the man who laid the foundation stone of the Statue of Liberty on August 5 of that year.
Early life.
Brodie was born in village of Kilbarchan, Scotland on August 9, 1841. When he was two years old his parents emigrated to America to begin a new life. They settled in the State of New York. William became a successful businessman. He died on May 9, 1917 .
Activities.
Brodie was the county treasurer of Livingston County for fifteen years.
Brodie was additionally the President of the Geneseo Gas Company and of the Geneseo Electric Company. He was an elder in the Presbyterian Church of Geneseo from 1868 until his death in 1917.
Freemasonry and the Statue of Liberty.
Brodie was a dedicated Mason, as his work craft exhibits:
During his term as Grand Master of New York in 1884 he laid the foundation stone of the Statue of Liberty. When asked why the Freemasons would be asked to place the foundation stone he replied "No other organization has done more to promote liberty and to liberate men from the chains of ignorance and tyranny than Freemasonry."
State University of New York.
William Brodie was also influential in having the Geneseo College established in Geneseo, Livingston County, New York, which is now known as S.U.N.Y. - State University of New York. The Brodie Fine Arts building, which was named after William Brodie was constructed on the S.U.N.Y. campus in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="36607070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607070" title="Georgie Twigg">
Georgie Twigg

Georgie Twigg (born 21 November 1990) is a hockey player who has played for England and Great Britain since 2010. She won a bronze medal with GB at the London 2012 Olympic Games 
Unusually Twigg won her first GB senior cap shortly before she won her first England cap in the summer of 2010.
Since then she has been an ever present member of the team, winning a Bronze medal with England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi (where she scored the winning goal in the Bronze medal match), a Bronze medal with England at the 2010 World Cup in Argentina, a Silver medal with GB at the Champions Trophy again in Argentina in 2012 and a Bronze medal with GB at the London 2012 Olympic Games.
Georgie was named England Hockey's Young Performance Player of the Year in 2010, 2011, 2012 & 2013.
She plays for Surbiton Ladies Hockey Club in the English Premier League. Previous clubs include Clifton Ladies, Bristol University, Cannock Ladies and Lincoln Hockey Club.
Her website can be found at http://www.georgietwigg.com
Personal life.
Twigg attended Repton School in the Midlands. Having moved up a year at school she arrived at the age of 17 at Bristol University in September 2008 where she read Law and resided at Wills Hall, playing hockey for the university first team and Clifton Hockey Club. 
After her success at the Olympics her home village post box was painted bronze, however it was returned to its regular, red colour by the Royal Mail. 
She is also the face of British Asparagus.

</doc>
<doc id="36607082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607082" title="2015 South American Youth Championship">
2015 South American Youth Championship

The 2015 South American Youth Championship (, ) is a football competition for U-20 national teams in the South America (CONMEBOL). The tournament is going to be held in Uruguay from the month of January and February. 
The top 4 teams will qualify for the 2015 FIFA U-20 World Cup in New Zealand. The better team (excluding Brazil) will qualify for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Brazil and the 2nd better team (excluding Brazil) compete in a playoff with a representative of CONCACAF.

</doc>
<doc id="36607104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607104" title="Chaiserstock">
Chaiserstock

The Chaiserstock (also spelled "Kaiserstock") (2,515 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Schwyz and Uri. It lies on the range between Muotathal and Unterschächen, east of Lake Lucerne.

</doc>
<doc id="36607105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607105" title="Rajesh Pillai">
Rajesh Pillai

Rajesh Pillai is an Indian film director best known for his work in Malayalam cinema. He began his film career in 2005 by directing "Hridayathil Sookshikkan". His second film "Traffic", written by brothers Bobby and Sanjay was released in 2011. The film has its narrative in a hyperlink format is inspired from an actual event that happened in Chennai. On August 1, 2012, the director announced his third movie titled Motorcycle Diaries.

</doc>
<doc id="36607131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607131" title="Kanako Watanabe">
Kanako Watanabe

Kanako Watanabe (born November 15, 1996) is a Japanese international swimmer who specializes in the breaststroke. She competed in the 2012 London Olympics at the age of 15 for the 200m Women's Breaststroke event. 
Her swimming coach is Ryuji Omi. She is the daughter of Keiji and Emiko Watanabe.

</doc>
<doc id="36607150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607150" title="Marc Rochester Sørensen">
Marc Rochester Sørensen

Marc Rochester Sørensen (born 13 December 1992) is a Danish footballer who plays for HB Køge as a midfielder. He played 24 matches and scored one goal when HB Køge played in the Danish Superliga in the 2011-12 season.
In 2012, Marc Rochester was selected for the player of year when he played for HB Køge
In July 2013 he moved to FC Vestsjælland on a 3 years contract.

</doc>
<doc id="36607159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607159" title="Simon Bahne Backmann">
Simon Bahne Backmann

Simon Bahne Backmann (born 27 April 1993) is a Danish footballer who plays for HB Køge as a striker. He played two matches when HB Køge played in the Danish Superliga in the 2011-12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36607160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607160" title="Timeline of Genoese history">
Timeline of Genoese history

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Genoa, Liguria, Italy. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607162" title="Nicolai Riise Madsen">
Nicolai Riise Madsen

Nicolai Riise Madsen (born 14 August 1993) is a Danish footballer who plays for HB Køge as a defender. He played one match for HB Køge in the Danish Superliga during the 2011-12 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36607169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607169" title="Leeds Municipal election, 1968">
Leeds Municipal election, 1968

The Leeds municipal election was held on 9 May 1968. Following extensive boundary changes, the whole council was up for election. The re-warding increased the number of wards by two, up to 32 wards, raising in-turn the councillor total by six, to 90, and the aldermen total up two to 30.
In total ten wards were abolished, twelve created and eighteen remained.
Abolished:
Created: 
The election followed national patterns of the Conservatives inflicting resounding defeats upon the Labour party, winning representation in all but five wards with a crushing 75 seats at the hand of their highest vote since 1951 and a record vote share. Labour representation was confined to City, East Hunslet, Holbeck and Middleton (although coming within a straw for the third seat in Whinmoor) as they picked up their lowest post-war vote and vote share. The Labour collapse also seen the smaller party make gains, as the Liberals won representation on the council for the first time in the post-war period via comfortably winning the three newly created Castleton seats and the Communists, who fielded a full-slate for the first and only time, more than tripled their previous records in both vote share and vote figure.
As a result, the Conservatives gained control of the council for the first time since 1952, with a whopping majority of 80.
Election result.
The result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the Council after the elections:

</doc>
<doc id="36607183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607183" title="Van der Kooy">
Van der Kooy

Van der Kooy is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36607186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607186" title="Agnes Tuckey">
Agnes Tuckey

Agnes Katherine Raymond Tuckey (née Daniell, 8 July 1877, Marylebone, Middlesex - 13 May 1972, Winchester, Hampshire) was an English tennis player. With Hope Crisp, she was the winner of the first Wimbledon mixed doubles in 1913. 
In 1906 she married Charles Orpen Tuckey who taught Mathematics at Charterhouse School. They played mixed doubles together. Among their children were Raymond and Kay who played in the Wightman Cup between 1949 and 1951. Agnes, when in her fifties, partnered Raymond in the mixed doubles in 1931 and 1932, the only instance of a parent and child teaming up at the championships. 
In the 1913 Wimbledon Championships, she won with Crisp the first mixed doubles final at Wimbledon in an unusual fashion - Ethel Thomson Larcombe was struck by a ball in the eye and unable to continue the match. The incident occurred when the second set was 5-3 for Crisp and Tuckey, the first having been won by the opposing pair of James Cecil Parke and Mrs Larcombe. In the 1914 Wimbledon Championships Crisp and Tuckey were the losing semi-finallists.

</doc>
<doc id="36607189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607189" title="Fulen">
Fulen

The Fulen (2,491 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Schwyz and Uri. It lies on the range between Muotathal and Unterschächen, east of Lake Lucerne.

</doc>
<doc id="36607192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607192" title="List of state leaders in 374 BC">
List of state leaders in 374 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36607195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607195" title="Van der Louw">
Van der Louw

van der Louw is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36607197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607197" title="Roxana Cocoș">
Roxana Cocoș

Roxana Cocoș (; born June 5, 1989, in Bucharest) is a Romanian weightlifter. 
On August 1, 2012, Cocoș won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the –69 kg category.

</doc>
<doc id="36607211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607211" title="List of state leaders in 373 BC">
List of state leaders in 373 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36607216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607216" title="FC Lokomotiv Moscow (beach soccer)">
FC Lokomotiv Moscow (beach soccer)

FC Lokomotiv Moscow is a professional beach soccer team associated with the soccer club FC Lokomotiv Moscow based in Moscow, Russia.
Euro Winners Cup 2013 squad.
Coach: Ilya Leonov

</doc>
<doc id="36607220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607220" title="Joseph Sterett">
Joseph Sterett

Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Sterett (1773-1821), also known as Joseph Sterrett, was a Maryland militia officer who served during the Battle of Baltimore during the War of 1812. At the Battle of Bladensberg and the Battle of North Point he commanded the 5th Maryland Regiment, composed largely of volunteers from Baltimore. 
Early life.
Sterett was born in 1773. He married Molly Harris, and farmed at a 260 acre slave plantation known as "Mount Deposit". The couple had a daughter, Louisa.
War of 1812.
Battle of Bladensberg.
When war broke out between the United States and Great Britain, Sterett commanded the 5th Maryland Regiment, a so-called "dandy regiment" which was composed of around 500 men, mostly volunteers raised from the City of Baltimore. The 5th first saw action at the Battle of Bladensberg on August 24 1814, where the regiment was placed in the first line of defense, and where the defending Americans would be routed by the British. 
Pressed by the British attack, some of the militia units broke under fire and fell back, leaving the 5th exposed to the full weight of the enemy. Sterett's men "gallantly" held their ground, pushing the British back at bayonet point, but the 5th was soon flanked by the advancing enemy and Brigadier General Tobias Stansbury soon ordered a full retreat. Although the 5th had "evinced a disposition to make a gallant resistance", it was out-flanked by the redcoats and eventually forced to retreat in some disorder. After the battle, British forces entered Washington DC and burned many public buildings in the city.
Battle of North Point.
Sterett's men also performed with great credit on September 12th at the Battle of North Point which, while tactically a defeat for the Americans, bought valuable time to organise the successful defense of Baltimore. As the British advanced, some of the militia regiments broke under fire, but the 5th Maryland Regiment and the 27th held their ground and were able to retreat in good order, having inflicted significant casualties on the advancing enemy.
Corporal John McHenry of the 5th Regiment wrote an account of the battle: 
Our Regiment, the 5th, carried off the praise from the other regiments engaged, so did the company to which I have the honor to belong cover itself with glory. When compared to the Regiments we were the last that left the ground...had our Regiment not retreated at the time it did we should have been cut off in two minutes.
After the battle Sterett retreated to his plantation, which was nearby, and made arrangements to remove his family from Mount Deposit to a place of greater safety. The British occupied his property, described by one subaltern as "a mansion of considerable size and genteel exterior", and looted the contents, in particular the wine cellar, following which "not a single pint either of wine or spirits remained".
After North Point, Sterett took up a defensive position on Hampstead Hill along with his regiment, and awaited the British attack. The following naval bombardment of Baltimore was not able to break the city's defences, and the British, perceiving the Americans to be "entrenched in the most formidable manner, having covered the whole face of the heights with breastworks", eventually withdrew without risking a land assault.
Death and legacy.
Sterett was regarded by his colleagues as a brave and reliable soldier. He died in 1821, and was succeeded as lieutenant colonel of the 5th Regiment by George H. Steuart who had been a captain serving under him at Bladensberg and North Point.

</doc>
<doc id="36607226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607226" title="Van der Plank">
Van der Plank

van der Plank is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36607229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607229" title="Rossstock">
Rossstock

The Rossstock (2,461 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Schwyz and Uri. It lies on the range between Muotathal and Unterschächen, east of Lake Lucerne.

</doc>
<doc id="36607231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607231" title="List of state leaders in 372 BC">
List of state leaders in 372 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36607251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607251" title="Gabrielle Onguene">
Gabrielle Onguene

Gabrielle Aboudi Onguene is a footballer currently playing for Alpha 09 Kaliningrad in the Russian second tier. As a member of the Cameroonian national team she represented Cameroon at the 2012 Summer Olympics, scoring the team's only goal in the tournament 

</doc>
<doc id="36607254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607254" title="Van der Putten">
Van der Putten

van der Putten or Vander Putten is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36607262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607262" title="Phata Poster Nikhla Hero">
Phata Poster Nikhla Hero

Phata Poster Nikhla Hero (English: Poster torn, out came a hero) is a 2013 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Rajkumar Santoshi. The film features Shahid Kapoor and Ileana D'Cruz in the lead roles, and was released on 20 September 2013 to a mixed to positive response from critics.PPNH grossed in 6 weeks starting a coveted 50 Crores club to Shahid starrer. The film was average at the Box Office.
Plot.
Vishwas Rao (Shahid Kapoor) is raised by his mother, Savitri (Padmini Kolhapure), who hopes that her son will grow up to be a brave Inspector. But Vishwas wants to become an actor. Dressed as a Police Inspector for a photo shoot, he meets social worker Kajal (Ileana D'Cruz) during a car chase. Kajal mistakes him as an inspector and thanks him for helping her catch the goons, while Vishwas plays along. He is mistakenly published in the newspaper as an Inspector, which Savitri sees. She arrives in Mumbai to see her dream come true, and circumstances lead Vishwas to carry on his lie not only to Kajal, but also to his mother.
While shooting for a film, Vishwas's mother comes to know that he is not an inspector. She faints and is admitted in the hospital, where the doctor tells him that she needs to be operated and the amount required is rupees ten lakh. He agrees to work for Gundappa (the boss of the goons Vishwas and Kajal caught) for money where he needs to bring a CD for them. While escaping after getting the CD he is caught by police and accidentally shoots two police officers. Since he became a murderer he was left with no other choice than to join Gundappa's gang. Meanwhile, Kajal, who is under the impression that Vishwas has gone bad, along with some men plans to save him from doing any crime. So they go to the gangs den purposely and tells the foolish Gundappa that she came to marry Vishwas. Hence, creating a confusion so that Gundappa leaves Vishwas. On the other hand, Joint Commissioner (who was also kidnapped) tells Savitri that Vishwas is actually not doing any crime rather is working for the police. Kajal knows this from Savitri later and goes to apologize to Vishwas for misunderstanding him. Not knowing that they are being watched on CCTV, she apologizes to Vishwas and leakes details of his plans. Somehow, Vishwas and his mates are able to flee. But his mother and Kajal are held by Napoleon (the ultimate Don, boss of Gundappa). After fighting the goons, Vishwas hands over Napoleon (who is earlier revealed to be his own father) to the police and tells everyone that he will become a police officer as they are real life heroes. He did all the filmy actions as a fake police officer now he wanted to be a real police man and do his duty for his country and his mother's dreams finally fulfilled.
Development.
The film has often been termed as a full-on "masala" commercial entertainer. Other than the casting and genre, the makers refused to divulge further details. In early August 2012, it was confirmed by director Rajkumar Santoshi that he had been offered the film along with actor Arpit Sharma and that he had been in talks for the previous six months. Soon after, when asked, Kapoor confirmed he had not yet signed on for the film, but was on the verge of doing so. It was also reported at the time that actress Diana Penty had been signed on as the female lead, though Ileana D'Cruz later replaced her. Actress Padmini Kolhapure has been signed on to play the role of Kapoor's mom in the film. It was later revealed that newcomer Deepika Kamainah will play an important role alongside Shahid Kapoor and Ileana D'Cruz.
Music.
The soundtrack was composed by Pritam Chakraborty, with lyrics penned by Irshad Kamil and Amitabh Bhattacharya. The first song, "Tu Mere Agal Bagal Hai", was released on 26 July. The song is sung by Mika Singh.
"Hey Mr DJ" is a club song sung by Benny Dayal, Shefali Alvares and Shalmali Kholgade. The song "Rang Sharbaton Ka" is sung by Atif Aslam and Chinmayi, and the Reprise version of "Main Rang Sharbaton Ka" is sung by Arijit Singh. "Dhating Naach" is another number featuring Nargis Fakhri and sung by Shefali Alvares and Nakash.
The four tracks were released exclusively on the music streaming service Saavn.
Filming.
The film was expected to begin shooting in November 2012 after Kapoor completed Maneesh Sharma's next project for Yash Raj Films, but the actor opted out of that film due to other commitments. Shahid Kapoor announced via Twitter that filming began on November 2, 2012. The film was expected to be completed by February 2013 but due to delay issues it was completed in March 2013.
Critical response.
India.
The film received mixed and positve response from critics.
Taran Adarsh gave the film 3.5/5 and wrote, ""Phata Poster Nikhla Hero" brings back memories of old-fashioned comic entertainers. There's not much of a plot here, but you go with the flow without making much effort. You laugh, celebrate the silly gags and by the time the story reaches its conclusion, you realize that the film has won you over with its unfussy plot and basic characters, who don't have a serious bone in their body. On the whole, "Phata Poster Nikhla Hero" is an entertainer all the way. If you relished "Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani" from the team of Taurani and Santoshi, chances are you will also lap up this vibrant, kaleidoscopic, light-hearted entertainer."
Madureeta Mukherjee of "The Times of India" gave the film 3.5 and felt, "The first half offers loads of cackles, chuckles, witticisms and spoofy scenes. Post-interval the comedy collapses for a bit with forced OTT drama, khaali-peeli action, and too many song breaks, but makes a comeback with delightfully funny moments. This one's worth it for the 'howlarity' of it all. And Shahid in his element. Note: You may not like this film if you don't have a taste for silly humour & mindless gags!"
Faheem Ruhani of "India Today" gave the film 3 and judged, "Santoshi as writer, director and the dialogue writer is in good form. He would have been terrific if could have captured your interest in the same way as he did in the first half of the film. Still, the film is worth more than a few laughs. More because of the way the director spoofs Bollywood's tried and tested conventions and the jokes he cracks at the expense of an industry he is only too familiar with."
Rummana Ahmed of Yahoo! Movies awarded the film 3 stars and summarized, ""Phata Poster Nikhla Hero" will entertain if you are willing to overlook its little indulgences."
Box office.
"Phata Poster Nikhla Hero" grossed 22.50 crore on its first weekend.
Domestically the film earned in two weeks and worldwide at the box office.

</doc>
<doc id="36607266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607266" title="List of state leaders in 371 BC">
List of state leaders in 371 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36607271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607271" title="Blackburn-Walker biplane">
Blackburn-Walker biplane

The Blackburn-Walker biplane was a pioneer aeroplane built in Great Britain in 1909 by Harold Blackburn and Albert Walker. It is not known whether it actually flew.
Development.
The Blackburn-Walker biplane was a tailless three-bay tandem pusher craft with a canard elevator and the engine in front of its two occupants, which was designed and built by Harold Blackburn and Albert Walker in 1909. The placement of the engine ahead of the wing leading edge was unusual, with a long driveshaft passing between the two occupants to the two-bladed pusher propeller. The flywheel was extensively drilled for lightness. A precarious step below the engine allowed access to the crank handle and radiator. Lateral control was provided by twin narrow-chord rudders between the upper and lower planes. 
The two extant photographs of the aircraft are marked 'Dagenham, Barking', though it is not clear whether this refers to the short-lived Experimental Flying Ground at Dagenham established by the Royal Aeronautical Society or the nearby Handley Page field at Barking. Given that Handley Page supplied components to the nascent aviation industry the latter seems more likely. 
It would appear that the original configuration was not successful as by 1910 the machine sported large leading-edge extensions on both upper and lower wings to provide increased lift.
The ultimate fate of the Blackburn-Walker biplane is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36607277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607277" title="Photon Factory Films">
Photon Factory Films

Photon factory films private limited is an India-based movie production studio/distribution/media and entertainment company along with its sub-brand "FADE IN" advertisements and events management pvt.ltd. founded by B. Venktesan yadav.
Photon factory's journey started with 2001's box office hit Tamil movie "Minnale", later on the company also co-produced movies like "Kaakha Kaakha" and "Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu".
Fade in Advertisements.
Fade in "advertisements" private limited includes past valuable cllients such as "Pepsi co", "Hyundai", "Mc Dowells", "Hindustan Limited", "Cavin kare", "Coca Cola", "Parrys confectionery", "Jet airways", "Sony India", "TVS motors", "Aircel", "Sutherland Global services" etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36607283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607283" title="Francesco Bertelli">
Francesco Bertelli

Francesco Bertelli (1794-1844) was an Italian astronomer at the observatory of Bologna and professor of astronomy at the University of Bologna. The main-belt asteroid 8266 Bertelli is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="36607285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607285" title="Ludvik Mrzel">
Ludvik Mrzel

Ludvik Mrzel (pen name Frigid) (28 July 1904 – 29 September 1971) was a Slovene writer, poet, and journalist.
Early life and prewar career.
Ludvik Mrzel was born on 28 July 1904 in Loka pri Zidanem Mostu, Slovenia. After completing elementary school he enrolled in a secondary school, from which he was expelled for participating in a miners' strike in Trbovlje. He drew upon this experience for his 1937 collection of short stories "Bog v Trbovljah" (God in Trbovlje). Mrzel completed his secondary-school education in Jagodina and Ćuprija, Serbia. He then enrolled in medical school, but soon switched his studies to philosophy and Slavic studies.
Mrzel found employment as a journalist and worked as an editor for the journals "Mladina" and "Svobodna mladina". He wrote literary and arts features for the newspaper "Jutro" and also wrote lyric verse, novellas, and socially-colored stories. His writing style included Expressionism and Social realism. He also published book and theater reviews, and reports about cultural events among Slovene emigrants to the United States.
Second World War.
During the Second World War Mrzel was a prisoner in Italian and German prisons, including the Dachau concentration camp. Upon the liberation of the camp, he became the editor of a periodical issued at the camp, the "Dahavski poročevalec" (Dachau Reporter).
Postwar.
After his return to Yugoslavia, he became the director of the Slovene National Theater and assistant director of the National Theater in Maribor.
However, Mrzel was eventually judged to be an "insufficiently cultured person for building socialism." He was charged with "mysticism" and "literary fetishism," and was eventually sentenced to 12 years in prison in 1949 during the Dachau Trials. He served his sentence in Ljubljana, Bileća, and Goli Otok before being conditionally released on 20 October 1955. After his release, he supported himself as a freelance writer and translator. He first lived with his sister in the Polje district of Ljubljana and then in Piran and in Zagradec. He was partially pardoned in 1971.
Mrzel's translations include Russian and Ukrainian fairy tales and writings by Knut Hamsun, Alexis Steiner, Theodor Plievier, Franz Werfel, Antonius Roothaert, Vasily Chuikov, Andrey Yeryomenko, Günther Anders, Jean Rousselot, John Knittel, Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev, and Karl May.
Mrzel died on 29 September 1971 in Ljubljana.

</doc>
<doc id="36607289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607289" title="Saindon">
Saindon

Saindon is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36607290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607290" title="Stacey Tadd">
Stacey Tadd

Stacey Tadd (born 21 February 1989 in Bath, Somerset, England) is a British breaststroke swimmer.
Tadd was selected to represent Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 200 m breaststroke.
Stacey's best international results, to the start of London 2012 Summer Olympics, came in the 2003 European Youth Olympic Festival where she won two gold medals and a bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36607295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607295" title="Oscar Mulero">
Oscar Mulero

Oscar Mulero is a techno and drum n' bass producer and DJ from Madrid, and the owner of contemporary record labels Warm Up Recordings and Pole Recordings. He was also the founder of The Omen Club in Madrid, often considered the start of his professional career. His album from 2012, "Black Propaganda", received largely positive reviews in the online techno community.
Discography.
Albums
Singles & EPs

</doc>
<doc id="36607299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607299" title="Zoël">
Zoël

Zoël is a masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36607308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607308" title="1996 Colorado Buffaloes football team">
1996 Colorado Buffaloes football team

The 1996 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder during the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team played their home games at Folsom Field in Boulder, Colorado. They participated in the Big 12 Conference in the North Division. They were coached by head coach Rick Neuheisel.
With the bowl victory, Colorado recorded its third straight 10-win season for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="36607314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607314" title="Rim Jong-sim">
Rim Jong-sim

Rim Jong-Sim (born February 5, 1993) is a weightlifter representing North Korea. She won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics at the women's 69 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36607320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607320" title="Les Routiers">
Les Routiers

Les Routiers is a company that provides travel guide books for eating out and hotels.
History.
It began in France in 1935.
In 1970 it opened a UK-based company.
In 2002 an article in "The Daily Telegraph" claimed that the company charged up to £900 for an entry in their guide book, with the reviews written by sales managers.
The British franchise is headquartered near Claygate railway station.
The company presents annual 'Les Routiers in Britain Awards'.

</doc>
<doc id="36607327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607327" title="Diablock, Kentucky">
Diablock, Kentucky

Diablock is a census-designated place, unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States. Its population was 453 as of the 2010 census. Their Post Office is closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36607330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607330" title="Rophaien">
Rophaien

The Rophaien (2,078 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking Lake Lucerne in the canton of Uri. It lies west of the Rossstock, at the western end of the range north of the Schächental.

</doc>
<doc id="36607340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607340" title="Alex Feneridis">
Alex Feneridis

Alex Feneridis is a New Zealand football player who plays for Auckland City FC.
International career.
He was also in the New Zealand Olympic team in London 2012 and made an appearance against Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="36607346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607346" title="List of state leaders in 370 BC">
List of state leaders in 370 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36607350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607350" title="Scuddy, Kentucky">
Scuddy, Kentucky

Scuddy is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States. Their Post Office closed in 2004 

</doc>
<doc id="36607360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607360" title="Costas N. Papanicolas">
Costas N. Papanicolas

Biography.
Prof. Costas N. Papanicolas is a Nuclear and Particle Physicist with over 35 years of experience as a researcher, an educator and a scientific administrator. He received his B.Sc. in Physics and PhD in Nuclear Physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the USA. His research interests lie on the fields of Hadronic Physics, and in Solar Energy and Energy Policy.
Papanicolas has held positions at the French Atomic Energy Commission (Saclay, France) and has served as Professor of Physics at the University of Illinois (Urbana-Champaign, USA), and at the University of Athens (Greece). He has also served as the Founding Director of the Institute of Accelerating Systems and Applications (IASA) in Greece. Since 2008 he holds the positions of President of The Cyprus Institute (CyI) and of CEO of the Cyprus Research and Educational Foundation (CREF).
During his career he held a numerous positions in various organizations; he served as a member of the Interim Governing Board and co-Chair of Technical Committee for the SESAME (Jordan), Chair of the Appointments Committee for the establishment of the Department of Natural Sciences of the University of Cyprus, and Chair of the Council on Educational Evaluation and Accreditation (CEEA) of the Republic of Cyprus. He has also served as member of the National Advisory Council for Research and the National Council for Research and Technology of Greece. He is currently the Chair of the Cyprus-CERN Committee, the Vice-Chair of the Cyprus Scientific Council, the senior advisory scientific body to the Cyprus Government, and member of the National Research Council of Cyprus which is chaired by the President of the Republic of Cyprus.
Publications and Academia.
Prof. Papanicolas has over 120 publications in peer-reviewed journals, numerous conference proceedings and holds two patents (in Medical Physics and Solar Energy). He is a Fellow of the American Physical Society and a member of Academia Europaea, the only academic from a Cypriot Institution to hold these distinctions.

</doc>
<doc id="36607377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607377" title="Kodak, Kentucky">
Kodak, Kentucky

Kodak is an unincorporated community and coal town in Perry County, Kentucky, United States. Their post office is closed.

</doc>
<doc id="36607389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607389" title="Lucas Pittinari">
Lucas Pittinari

Lucas Pittinari (born 30 November 1991 in Laborde) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Belgrano of the Primera División Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="36607390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607390" title="Nigel de Wavere">
Nigel de Wavere

Nigel de Wavere DD (also Waver, Wavery, or Waure) was an English medieval theologian, churchman, college fellow, and university chancellor. 
Nigel de Wavere was from Cahors in Guienne. He was a Fellow at Merton College, Oxford in 1312 and received a Doctor of Divinity degree. He became a Canon of St David's Cathedral in Wales and a Rector of Croydon. Between 1330–2, he was Chancellor of Oxford University. He was also a Prebend of Lichfield.

</doc>
<doc id="36607401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607401" title="Yekkeh Pesteh">
Yekkeh Pesteh

Yekkeh Pesteh () is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 655, in 139 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607408" title="Kariz Darreh">
Kariz Darreh

Kariz Darreh (, also Romanized as Kārīz Darreh) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 244, in 56 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607417" title="Kalateh-ye Hajji Qazi">
Kalateh-ye Hajji Qazi

Kalateh-ye Hajji Qazi (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī Qāẕī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Qāẕī and Chāhābād) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 335, in 76 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607423" title="Brandon Wood (basketball)">
Brandon Wood (basketball)

Brandon Wood (born January 5, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for Pallacanestro Trieste 2004 in Italy's Legadue Basket. He originally signed with KK MZT Skopje in the Macdonian first league, but only played with them in the preseason. He played college basketball at Southern Illinois, Valparaiso and Michigan State.

</doc>
<doc id="36607432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607432" title="Blue Hole, Kentucky">
Blue Hole, Kentucky

Blue Hole is an unincorporated community in Wayne County, Kentucky, United States. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607440" title="Kamarcheh-ye Olya">
Kamarcheh-ye Olya

Kamarcheh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Kamarcheh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 84, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607456" title="Kamarcheh-ye Sofla">
Kamarcheh-ye Sofla

Kamarcheh-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Kamarcheh-ye Soflá; also known as Kamarcheh and Kamarchehhā) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 199, in 37 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607458" title="List of state leaders in 369 BC">
List of state leaders in 369 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36607474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607474" title="Musaabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Musaabad, Torbat-e Jam

Musaabad (, also Romanized as Mūsáābād; also known as Mūsáābād-e Jām) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 968, in 230 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607484" title="Kerstin Thiele">
Kerstin Thiele

Kerstin Thiele (born August 26, 1986 in Riesa, German Democratic Republic) is a German judoka and a silver medallist at the Olympic Games 2012 in London.
Kerstin Thiele is a German champion in judo at 70 kg.
She started for the German club "JC Leipzig," and made the German national team.
In 2012 she made it to the final vs. Lucie Decosse, who won the Gold Medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36607493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607493" title="Teymanak-e Olya">
Teymanak-e Olya

Teymanak-e Olya (, also Romanized as Teymanak-e ‘Olyā and Teymanak ‘Olyā; also known as Teymanak and Teymanak-e Bālā) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 559, in 117 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607498" title="Bob Schoolley-West">
Bob Schoolley-West

Robin "Bob" F. Schoolley-West (born 12 December 1937, Brighton, died 14 July 2012, Dartford, Kent) was a former Head of the Philatelic Collections at the British Library (originally part of the British Museum).
He joined the Museum in 1973 after he investigated, as a police officer, the theft of items from the philatelic collections by James Mackay. In the mid 1980s he took an active part in tracking down forgeries of classic stamps made by "Pro-Phila Forum" in Germany based on photographs taken by a visitor to the Library.
Schoolley-West retired in 1991 and was succeeded at the British Library by his former assistant, David Beech.

</doc>
<doc id="36607500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607500" title="The Philip DeFranco Show">
The Philip DeFranco Show

The Philip DeFranco Show, usually abbreviated and referred to as the PDS, is a pop culture and news series created by American YouTube personality, Philip DeFranco. The show has gone through several schedule changes through its lifetime, but as of June 2013, airs from Monday through Thursday. The show's episodes are uploaded on DeFranco's YouTube account, "sxephil" (stylized as "sXePhil"). The show is what DeFranco is prominently known for. The first video with "The Philip DeFranco Show" included in its intro was uploaded on June 21, 2007. As DeFranco became increasingly popular, he signed with Revision3, which would eventually acquire all of DeFranco's assets, including the "PDS". "The Philip DeFranco Show" is sponsored by Netflix, Ting, and State Farm. The show has been nominated for and has won several awards that focus on internet culture and web series.
Format.
The show is recorded by DeFranco in his production office in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles. The "PDS" is then edited by Matthew Homeyer so that the episode is presented in a fast paced vlog format, complemented with use of frequent jump cuts throughout. The topics discussed in the show vary, but usually cover pop culture and news. Episodes usually have a 10-minute duration and are opinionated. DeFranco stated that he usually searches websites such as Technorati to find topics to discuss. Episodes of the series include recurring segments, such as the "Douchebag of the Day" segment.
Some of the episodes have been noted to include racy thumbnails, such as "Big Boobs and You". As of June 2013, the video now holds a thumbnail of DeFranco speaking. The video was chosen as one of DeFranco's top five YouTube moments by "New Media Rockstars". DeFranco commented on racy thumbnails in an "Los Angeles Times" article.
History.
DeFranco created his "sxephil" channel on September 15, 2006. DeFranco would begin to upload vlogs, before uploading the first "PDS" on June 21, 2007. Despite this, the show's debut date is disputed, and has been cited for being 2006.
Early episodes of "The Philip DeFranco Show" were short and black and white for either most of or the entire duration of an episode. This was because DeFranco was limited to a $20 black and white camera.
In 2008, an episode of the "PDS" used footage of the 2008 Toronto propane explosion captured by then 24-year-old Saejin Oh without permission, a violation of YouTube's community guidelines. "I’m disgusted by it," said Oh in an e-mail exchange. "Personally, I’m not worried they stole my video or made profit out of it. I’m rather more disgusted by the fact that they used a video of real-life event that caused death of two people to pay tribute to ... a movie." DeFranco declined a request from "Wired" for an interview on the subject. Saejin Oh filed a copyright claim with YouTube, and the video was eventually taken down. The video received over 351,094 views and had running adverts on it, giving DeFranco several thousands dollars of profit from the stolen footage.
During December 2008, one of his videos was removed from the front page, although as a YouTube partner, however, his account was not suspended.
DeFranco has, on several occasions, announced the "end" of "The Philip DeFranco Show". Each time, he shortly went against his word. The first time was on November 3, 2008, when DeFranco announced the show would end on November 3, 2009. DeFranco stated in an interview, "I don't want to overrun my time because it'll mean a lot less to me." On October 6, 2009, however, DeFranco announced that the show would continue past November 3, 2009. On April 22, 2010, DeFranco had announced, in then the final episode, the conclusion of the show's run. However, DeFranco stated he "needed to cancel the show", due to a contract he signed with a company "way back in the day" that allowed them to advertise his show which he would have to agree to. DeFranco would continue uploading similar content on his "sxephil" channel, under the name "Not Safe For Work", which was abbreviated "NSFW". The show, however, shortly returned to its original format, on May 7, 2010.
In May 2013, "The Philip DeFranco Show", as well as DeFranco's other assets, were acquired by Revision3, a network which DeFranco was signed under.
On December 19, 2013, DeFranco once again flirted with the idea of ending the "PDS", tweeting out "I think 2014 is going to be the last year of the PDS. But we'll have 365 days to figure it out together."
Over the course of the series, guests have appeared on the show, such as cosplayer Jessica Nigri, and video game journalist Adam Sessler.
Reception.
The show has been able to attract large view numbers, as an "Los Angeles Times" article states "at its best, surpassing the average viewership of such recognizable programs as CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360", HLN's "Nancy Grace", MSNBC's "The Rachel Maddow Show" and even Comedy Central's "The Daily Show With Jon Stewart"." By early 2013, DeFranco's "sxephil" channel, driven almost entirely on the PDS, had accumulated over one billion video views. The series has been met with critical success, as well; DeFranco has been called "the Walter Cronkite of the YouTube generation."
"The PDS" has been criticized for being "YouTube-centric." DeFranco has admitted that a common criticism he receives is his use of jump cuts throughout episodes of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="36607502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607502" title="2012–13 Jordan League">
2012–13 Jordan League

The 2012–13 Jordan League is the 61st season of the top flight football in Jordan and started on 21 August 2012. The season will finish in April 2013, Last season Al-Faisaly was the defending champions.
Teams.
Al-Jalil and Kfarsoum were relegated to the Jordan League Division 1 after finishing bottom in the 2011–12 campaign.
Al-Sareeh SC and Shabab Al-Hussein were promoted as First and Second on table of the Jordan League Division 1 2011-2012 .

</doc>
<doc id="36607503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607503" title="Teymanak-e Sofla">
Teymanak-e Sofla

Teymanak-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Teymanak-e Soflá; also known as Teymanak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,074, in 241 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607516" title="Teymanak">
Teymanak

Teymanak () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36607522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607522" title="Talkhak">
Talkhak

Talkhak () is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 255, in 57 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607529" title="Charles Landseer">
Charles Landseer

Charles Landseer R.A. (12 August 1799-1879) was an English painter, mostly of historical subjects.
Life.
He was born in London on 12 August 1799, the second son of the engraver John Landseer, and the elder brother of the animal painter, Sir Edwin Landseer. He trained under his father, and the painter Benjamin Robert Haydon. He was awarded the silver palette of the Royal Society of Arts for a drawing of "Laocoon" in 1815, and in 1816 he entered the Royal Academy Schools where he was taught by Henry Fuseli.
In 1823 he accompanied Sir Charles Stuart de Rothesay on a diplomatic mission to Portugal and Brazil. Many of the drawings he made on the journey were shown at the British Institution in 1828.
He became an associate in of the Royal Academy in 1837, and a full academician in 1845. In 1851, he was appointed Keeper of the Royal Academy, a post requiring him to teach in the "Antique School". He remained in the position until 1873.
Most of his pictures were of subjects from British history, or from literature. He paid close attention to the historical accuracy of the accessories and details in his paintings. His works included "The Meeting of Charles I. and his Adherents before the Battle of Edgehill", "Clarissa Harlowe in the Prison Room of the Sheriff's Office" (1833, now in the collection of the Tate Gallery), "The Pillaging of a Jew's House in the Reign of Richard I" (1839, Tate Gallery) and "The Temptation of Andrew Marvel" (1841).
He died on 22 July 1879, leaving 10,000 guineas to the Royal Academy to fund scholarships.

</doc>
<doc id="36607531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607531" title="Roger de Streton">
Roger de Streton

Roger de Streton DD (also Stratton) was an English medieval theologian and university chancellor. 
Roger de Streton received a Doctor of Divinity degree. Between 1329–30, he was Chancellor of Oxford University.

</doc>
<doc id="36607532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607532" title="Istgah-e Havashnasi">
Istgah-e Havashnasi

Istgah-e Havashnasi (, also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Havāshnāsī) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607537" title="Sndio">
Sndio

sndio is the software layer of the OpenBSD operating system that manages the use of sound cards and MIDI ports. It provides an optional sound server and a documented application programming interface to access either the server or the audio and MIDI hardware in a uniform way.
sndio is designed to work for desktop applications, but pays special attention to synchronization mechanisms and reliability required by music applications.
Features.
sndiod audio and MIDI server is the main component of sndio. It aims to fill the gap between programs requirements and the bare hardware as exposed by operating system device drivers. This includes:
The last few points are hooks in the sound server aiming to improve interoperability between audio and MIDI programs. The use of standard MIDI protocols for volume and synchronization control enables interoperability with MIDI software or hardware connected to a computer.
History.
Minimal server capability was added to aucat (audio stream manipulation tool, sndiod predecessor) in October 2008, thus shipped with OpenBSD 4.5. In December 2011, aucat was renamed to sndiod and later shipped with OpenBSD 5.1 as default sound server started at operating system boot.

</doc>
<doc id="36607540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607540" title="Amghan">
Amghan

Amghan (, also Romanized as Amghān; also known as Amghām and Amghān-e Bālā) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,383, in 305 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607548" title="Annari Viljoen">
Annari Viljoen

Annari Viljoen (born 16 January 1987 in Bloemfontein) is a South African badminton player. She competed at the 2012 Olympics in the doubles with Michelle Edwards. They made it to the quarter-finals after four teams were disqualified, but lost it.

</doc>
<doc id="36607554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607554" title="Bagh Sangan-e Olya">
Bagh Sangan-e Olya

Bagh Sangan-e Olya (, also Romanized as Bāgh Sangān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Bāgh-e Sangān, Bāgh-e Sangān-e Bālā, Bāgh-i-Sangūn, Bāgh Sangān, and Dāq Sangān) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 753, in 175 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607562" title="List of state leaders in 368 BC">
List of state leaders in 368 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36607574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607574" title="Bagh Sangan">
Bagh Sangan

Bagh Sangan or Bagh-e Sangan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36607582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607582" title="Edmond Werdet">
Edmond Werdet

Edmond Werdet (1793-1870) was a French author and book publisher.
Life.
He was married in June 1845 and had one son whose name was Oscar. He went bankrupt in 1837 and again in 1845, dying in poverty.
Author.
The following books authored by him are currently extant:
Publisher.
He was the publisher of the following books:

</doc>
<doc id="36607595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607595" title="Bagh Sangan-e Sofla">
Bagh Sangan-e Sofla

Bagh Sangan-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Bāgh Sangān-e Soflá; also known as Bāgh-e Sangān-e Pā’īn and Bāgh-e Sangān) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 36 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607606" title="Chah Shur, Torbat-e Jam">
Chah Shur, Torbat-e Jam

Chah Shur (, also Romanized as Chāh Shūr) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607611" title="Salaheddine district">
Salaheddine district

Salaheddine district () is a district in the southern part of the city of Aleppo, Syria. The district was named after Saladin, the Muslim leader who defeated the Crusaders in the 12th century. The district gained international attention during the Battle of Aleppo in July 2012 as it became a hotly contested battleground between the Syrian Government and the Free Syrian Army.
The Aleppo International Stadium and the Al-Hamadaniah Stadium are located in the Salaheddine district.

</doc>
<doc id="36607615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607615" title="Ebrahimabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Ebrahimabad, Torbat-e Jam

Ebrahimabad (, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād; also known as Chāh-e Ḩājj Ḩoseyn Dūr Andīsh) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607624" title="Norman Turnbull (songwriter)">
Norman Turnbull (songwriter)

He worked as a shipping clerk/surveyor in Grey Street, Newcastle. He wrote dialect songs as a hobby and was like Leonard Barras and Jack Robson in providing a rich source of materials for the local BBC Radio show “Wot Cheor Geordie” and working on the show with performers such as Bobby Thompson, Northumberland Serenaders, the Willie Walker Band and The Five Smith Brothers.
His songs include “What Cheor Geordie”, “The Pitman's Lament”, “Alang the Roman Wall”, “Amble Feast”, “The Barn Dance Hustle”.

</doc>
<doc id="36607628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607628" title="List of state leaders in 367 BC">
List of state leaders in 367 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36607629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607629" title="Falisolle">
Falisolle

Falisolle (Farjole in Walloon ) is a village in the Belgian municipality of Sambreville, located in Wallonia in the province of Namur. It was a commune in its own right before the merger of 1977. The village covers an area of 4.83 square kilometers and is 115.45 m above sea level at the church of St. Remy. As of 1999 it had a population of 3,448.
History.
Falisolle was one of the possessions which was ceded around 650 to the monastery of Fosses by Itta, the widow of the Mayor of the Pepin of Landen Palace. The locality remained in the hands of the chapter until the end of the Ancien Régime and was therefore a dependency of the principality of Liège. The advowson rights belonged to the lord of Morialmé. The advow was a position chosen to protect and defend communities, especially churches and monasteries, which in turn provided the holder with a portion of their property or manorial rights. In 1219, Arnold of Morialmé specified the rights he enjoyed at Falisolle, Vitrival and Auvelais-le-Voisin in his position as advow: they represented one third of the fees paid if he was called upon to render justice; bread, chicken and a "setier" (roughly one and a half litres) of oats per fire, while participating in the host or army of the bishop of Liege. A fifteenth century record states that the Falisolle advow also benefitted from the assise or taille although he did not have a judicial role. Of those who lived in Falisolle, the count had the taille, the formorture and the mortmain, the commands and chores, the privileges of the host and horse charges. During the creation of new bishoprics in 1559, Falisolle continued to be part of the Bishopric of Liege. Thereafter, it was attached to the Diocese of Namur.

</doc>
<doc id="36607631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607631" title="Jalilabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Jalilabad, Torbat-e Jam

Jalilabad (, also Romanized as Jalīlābād; also known as Khalīlābād and Qal‘eh-ye Tavakkolī) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 610, in 140 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607641" title="Michele Marsh">
Michele Marsh

Michele Marsh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36607644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607644" title="One Wing">
One Wing

One Wing is the fifth and final studio album by the American mathcore band The Chariot. The album was released on August 28, 2012 through Good Fight Entertainment and E1 Music. "One Wing" has been described by the band as being their "weirdest" release to date. The album debuted at number 85 on the Billboard 200, their highest position so far.
Writing and recording.
"One Wing" was recorded with Matt Goldman—who has produced all of The Chariot's albums to date—at his studio in Atlanta, Georgia. Vocalist Josh Scogin said his friendship with Goldman and Goldman's long-standing history with the band factored into their decision to work with him again. Scogin also said, "The producer should be there to help us with our ideas, so with Goldman, he always has good ideas but is also always totally down with us doing weird, goofy stuff that may or may not be a good idea." The recording process began in May 2012, and the group attempted to get Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan to participate to some degree by sending him a message over Twitter, although Corgan did not end up participating. The Chariot scheduled time to record "One Wing" for three weeks, followed by one week of mixing. Scogin said this is the ideal amount of time to record as too much time causes the band to over-think things, but too little time will cause the band to "start to agree to anything."
"One Wing" marks the first Chariot album not to feature longtime bassist Jon Kindler since "The Fiancee" in 2007. The bass on the album is performed by both guitarists, Stephen Harrison and Brandon Henderson. The band have since announced that they will continue on as a four-piece; their live performance set-up will involve the six-string guitarists utilizing bass amps and octave pedals in addition to their regular equipment.
Release.
"One Wing" was co-released in the US on August 28, 2012 through Good Fight Entertainment, who previously released The Chariot's last album "Long Live" in 2010, and major label E1 Music. The Chariot also signed a deal with Season of Mist to distribute the album throughout Europe on September 21, 2012.
The song "In" was available for online streaming on August 16, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36607645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607645" title="Ivan Bulaja">
Ivan Bulaja

Ivan Bulaja (October 25, 1977, Split, Croatia) is a Croatian sailor and sailing trainer. He competed at the 2008 in the 49er class.
Together with Pavle Kostov and Petar Cupać he is a recipient of the Pierre de Coubertin medal. In the 2008 Summer Olympics they lent their boat to Danes Jonas Warrer and Martin Kirketerp whose mast had broken shortly before the start of their race. Warrer and Kirketerp went on to win a gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36607665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607665" title="Gandah Khalu">
Gandah Khalu

Gandah Khalu (, also Romanized as Gandah Khālū; also known as Gandakhālū) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607668" title="Thomas Cushman">
Thomas Cushman

Thomas Cushman (1607/8–1691) He came to Plymouth with his father Robert Cushman on the ship "Fortune" in November 1621, his father being on colony business from England. His father Robert returned to England alone, leaving Thomas as a ward of Ruling Elder William Brewster. In 1649 Thomas succeeded Brewster as Ruling Elder and held that position for over 40 years until his death. Over his long life Cushman became a person of note in the colony being involved in numerous important activities. His wife Mary was the daughter of Pilgrim Isaac Allerton.
English Origins.
Thomas Cushman was born in Canterbury, county Kent, England, being baptized at St. Andrew, Canterbury on February 8, 1607/8. His parents were Robert Cushman and Sara Reder, his father bring a grocer at that time. When Thomas was very young, the family emigrated to Holland to follow the English Separatist religious movement.
The Cushman Name.
Robert Cushman seems to be one of the earlier carriers of this name, which over many years, per Kent parish records of the 16th and 17th centuries, derived from such surnames as Cowchman, Couchman, Cutchman, Cuchman, Crocheman, etc. The surname of Robert Cushman’s father Thomas was Couchman. 
Although spelled differently, the Couchmans of England had their deepest ancestry in Kent with Cranbrook at the center. Predominantly they were cloth makers, Flemish in origin, who with other countrymen came to several regions of England at the invitation of King Edward II around the year 1336. (From Thomas Fuller, Church History of England, 1837.)
Life in Holland.
Robert Cushman was a wool-comber in Leiden, Holland. In 1616, his wife Sara and two children were buried at St. Peter's church in Leiden. Robert later married Mary (Clark) Shingleton on June 5, 1617. She was the widow of Thomas, shoemaker of Sandwich, Kent. Late in 1617, soon after his second marriage, Robert Cushman and John Carver were tasked by the Leiden congregation to go to the Council for Virginia in London to negotiate for patent within the Company’s grant. Robert Cushman was the Leiden, and later, the Plymouth contingent’s Chief Agent in England from 1617 until his death in 1625. There is no further record of Robert Cushman’s second wife. She may have been deceased before the Cushman’s embarked in the Fortune in 1621 and therefore the reason Thomas was left with Bradford.
Life in New England.
Robert Cushman and his son Thomas arrived on the ship "Fortune" on November 11, 1621 at New Plymouth. But Robert Cushman, having already been at sea four months, returned to England shortly thereafter, leaving young Thomas in the care of colony William Bradford. Bradford recorded that Robert Cushman’s stay to attend to business regarding the London Adventurers agreement with the colony was “not above fourteen days”.
Thomas remained in Plymouth, working as a surveyor of roads and as a rate-assessor, as well as numerous other minor positions.
In the land division of 1623, he was paired with William Beale, the two of them receiving two “akers” (acres).
He was a Purchaser, that group involved in Plymouth colony investments and received a number of land grants.
His name also appears in the 1627 Division of the Cattle, which was, in effect, also a census. This was lot eleven, which listed, among others, the Bradfords, with whom Thomas was apparently living.
On January 1, 1633/34 he was admitted a Plymouth freeman.
On the 1643 “Able to Bear Arms” list, he is named along with the men from Plymouth. 
On March 3, 1645/46 Cushman made a successful motion in court that Mr. Isaac Allerton be allowed a years time to recover his debts in the colony, Allerton being his father-in-law.
On April 6, 1649 he was chosen as Ruling Elder of the church, succeeding William Brewster, a position he held until his death.
No papers are left from Thomas Cushman, but one recently discovered document bearing his signature is in the care of the Massachusetts Historical Society. It is titled “A Petition to the General Court of New Plymouth by Thomas Cushman, Senior”. In the document Cushman is petitioning the court that more land be made available to him to provide for his large family - in part: “If there are any lands yet to be purchased, or purchased not yet disposed of - neare to any society ayther begune or upon beginning, that your honors would be pleased to further me in granting some proportion as your wissdome shall see meete: and I shalbe responsible to bear the charge for the purchase according to what may be my proportion.” The document is signed ‘Thomas Cushman, senyor”. No date is on the document, but is believed to be from the 1650s, when he did, as he states in the document, have “many children”.
Family.
Thomas married Mary, born about 1610, a daughter of Pilgrim Isaac Allerton, about December 1636 and had eight children. She died in Plymouth on November 28, 1699, the last of the Mayflower passengers. They were both buried at Burial Hill in Plymouth.
Children of Thomas and Mary Cushman:
The will of Thomas Cushman.
In his will dated October 22, 1690, sworn March 16, 1691/92, he named his wife Mary, sons Thomas, Isaac, Elkanah and Eleazer; daughters Sarah Hawks and Lydia Harlow; and the three children of his daughter Mary Hutchinson.
Death and Burial of Thomas Cushman.
Thomas Cushman became ill in his old age and languished for some eleven weeks before he died on December 10 or 11, 1691. He was buried on Burial Hill in Plymouth. His stone is among the oldest, of the second generation, on Burial Hill."
A Gravestone and a Memorial for Thomas Cushman.
The original inscribed stone in honor of Thomas Cushman is among the six oldest surviving, second generation, stones on Burial Hill. The stone had been placed at his grave by a revering congregation in 1719, with a careful remount and reinforcement in 1858.
Cushman memorial on Burial Hill in Plymouth: A 25 foot granite column, erected by Cushman descendants in 1858, memorializes the Cushman family and recognizes Robert Cushman, his son Thomas Cushman and his wife Mary (Allerton) Cushman, daughter of Mayflower passenger Isaac Allerton.

</doc>
<doc id="36607683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607683" title="Jangah, Razavi Khorasan">
Jangah, Razavi Khorasan

Jangah (, also Romanized as Jangāh and Jang Gāh) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 861, in 170 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607691" title="Jangah">
Jangah

Jangah or Jang Gah () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36607703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607703" title="PyLadies">
PyLadies

PyLadies is an international mentorship group which focuses on helping more women become active participants in the Python open-source community. The mission of the group is to create a diverse Python community through outreach, education, conferences and social gatherings. PyLadies also provides funding for women to attend open source conferences. The organisation was created by seven women in Los Angeles in April 2011, with the aim of increasing the participation of women in computing.
Events.
PyLadies has conducted outreach events for both beginners and experienced users. PyLadies has conducted hackathons, ladies' nights and workshops for Python enthusiasts.
Activities.
PyLadies also runs a mailing list for discussing issues related to gendergap in tech-community and programming in Python.

</doc>
<doc id="36607708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607708" title="Lena, Russia">
Lena, Russia

Lena () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36607711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607711" title="Odeon Sheffield">
Odeon Sheffield

Odeon Sheffield is a multiplex cinema located at Arundel Gate in Sheffield city centre, South Yorkshire, England, adjacent to the city's O2 Academy.
It is operated by Odeon Cinemas, and has 10 screens. Screen 1 is the largest, having 252 seats, and is also the only to feature 3D capability. Both Screen 4 & 5 have the smallest amount of seats at 113.
The building itself was built in the 1970s as the 'Fiesta' nightclub, and played host to such acts as The Jackson Five, The Beach Boys and Stevie Wonder. Opening as 'Odeon 7' on 5 March 1992, the cinema had seven screens before it expanded into what was previously the 'Showroom' in 1994 (not to be confused with Sheffield's Showroom Cinema).
Sheffield had another Odeon cinema at Barker's Pool until 1994, on the site of what is now the 'Embrace' nightclub.

</doc>
<doc id="36607717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607717" title="Gao You">
Gao You

Gao You 高誘 was a scholar of the Eastern Han dynasty. He wrote commentaries on the Spring and Autumn Annals and Mencius. He is also the author of the earliest commentary to the Annals of Lü Buwei.
References.
Baxter, William H. (1992). "A Handbook of Old Tibetan phonology." Berlin: Mouton. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607719" title="List of state leaders in 366 BC">
List of state leaders in 366 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36607731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607731" title="Gevey">
Gevey

Gevey () is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 604, in 116 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607738" title="Frog Redus">
Frog Redus

Wilson Robert "Frog" Redus (January 29, 1905 – March 23, 1979) was an American baseball infielder in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1924 to 1940 with several teams, including the St. Louis Stars and the Chicago American Giants. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607739" title="Kalateh-ye Alijan">
Kalateh-ye Alijan

Kalateh-ye Alijan (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Alījān) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607746" title="Kalateh-ye Marvi">
Kalateh-ye Marvi

Kalateh-ye Marvi (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Marvī; also known as Mowrī) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 967, in 200 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607750" title="Mowri">
Mowri

Mowri (Persian: مُوری) also Romanized as Mouri or Moori are a sub-group of Dowraki tribe, who they themselves are a sub-branch of Bakhtiari people of Haft Lang side.

</doc>
<doc id="36607752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607752" title="Ramsay Street crash">
Ramsay Street crash

The "Ramsay Street crash" is a storyline from the Australian television soap opera "Neighbours", which began on 20 August 2012 when six of the show's teenage characters were involved in a car accident. Executive producer, Richard Jasek, revealed the storyline during a July 2012 interview, stating that the consequences would last for the rest of the year. It was later announced that the storyline would focus on two major causes of road fatalities and injuries among young Australian drivers – distraction and the overloading of cars. In the "Ramsay Street crash" it is peer pressure that decides the character's fate. The cast and crew filmed the crash scenes over two nights at a driver training centre in Melbourne. Planning for the shoot began six weeks beforehand and multiple cameras were used to catch the various angles of the crash. A promotional trailer for the storyline was released on 27 July. 
The plot saw the teenage characters; Andrew Robinson (Jordan Smith), Chris Pappas (James Mason), Ed Lee (Sebastian Gregory), Natasha Williams (Valentina Novakovic) and Summer Hoyland (Jordy Lucas) heading to a concert in the city, initially unaware that Sophie Ramsay (Kaiya Jones) has hidden herself in the boot of the car. After discovering Sophie, Chris reluctantly agrees to let her come with them. An argument breaks out, distracting Chris and eventually causing him to lose control of the overloaded car. Andrew is knocked unconscious and Sophie is thrown from the car, while passing Doctor Rhys Lawson (Ben Barber) suffers a career-ending injury to his hand. Later developments saw Chris being sued by Sophie's uncle and Andrew diagnosed with epilepsy. Reception for the "Ramsay Street crash" was positive, with one critic calling it the most dramatic storyline of the year.
Plot.
On his birthday, Andrew Robinson (Jordan Smith) receives two cheques for the sale of a mobile app that he helped create along with Natasha Williams (Valentina Novakovic) and Ed Lee (Sebastian Gregory). Andrew attempts to tell Natasha that he sold the app without her knowledge, but decides to wait until the following day. Natasha, Chris Pappas (James Mason) and Summer Hoyland (Jordy Lucas) give Andrew tickets to see The Jezabels in the city that night. Sophie Ramsay (Kaiya Jones) also plans to attend the concert, but her uncle, Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis), forbids her from going because she has not done her homework. Andrew and his friends meet outside in Ramsay Street to put their belongings in Chris' car and Andrew expresses his unhappiness that Ed is coming along. While the group talk, Sophie sneaks out of her house and gets into the boot of Chris' car unseen.
During the journey, a phone begins ringing, but the group cannot work out whose it is. Ed believes the ringing is coming from the boot, so Chris pulls over to the side of the road. The group discover Sophie in the boot and try and work out what to do with her. Summer suggests that Chris takes her home, while Ed offers to call a taxi and go back with her. Andrew, desperate not to miss the concert, asks Chris to take her in the car, despite knowing that there is not a spare seatbelt. Chris reluctantly agrees and Sophie sits on Summer's lap. Summer asks what time The Jezabels are on stage and Andrew mentions that he wrote it down on his ticket, which is in his wallet inside Summer's bag. As Summer searches for the ticket, she finds the two cheques inside and asks Andrew about them. He tries to get his wallet back, but Summer discovers the cheques are worth $25,000 and Natasha realises he has sold the app.
An argument breaks out between Natasha and Andrew, which Summer and Ed join in on. Ed asks Andrew how he sold the app without Natasha's signature and they all realise that he forged it. Chris struggles to stay focused and asks everyone to calm down, while Natasha wants him to stop the car. She then decides to call the police and Andrew reaches back to stop her, but jostles Chris' arm causing him to lose control of the car. It runs off the road and hits an embankment, before flipping over and coming to a rest upside down. Natasha pulls Ed from the wreckage, while Chris helps a shocked Summer out and then returns to check an unconscious Andrew. On his way home, Rhys Lawson (Ben Barber) drives past the crash site and is flagged down by Natasha. He calls an ambulance and begins assessing everyone. Rhys tells Chris to keep the others warm and awake.
While he is helping Andrew, Rhys cuts his hand on the wreckage. Sophie lies unseen and unconscious in the grass, a few yards from the car. After the ambulances take the others to the hospital, Rhys and a police officer hear a phone ringing and go looking for it. Rhys then finds Sophie and she is rushed to the hospital, where Paul and her sister, Kate Ramsay (Ashleigh Brewer), are waiting. Natasha, Summer and Chris are treated for minor injures, while Andrew recovers from a serious head injury. Ed has fractured his collarbone and Sophie has a fractured pelvis and internal injuries. Rhys hand is treated by Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) and he tells his girlfriend, Vanessa Villante (Alin Sumarwata), that their trip to Japan is off. Ed wakes up with Natasha by his side and they share their first kiss. Sophie's heart stops, but Karl manages to stabilise her. He then tells Kate and Paul to prepare themselves for the worst.
Chris has his driver's license suspended and Paul later announces that he is suing him. Natasha and Summer state that they blame Andrew for the crash and he is ostracised from the group. Chris attends court where he is given a fine and told that his license will be suspended for six months. He goes to visit Sophie and tells Paul that he will not be pushed around by him, before breaking down at her bedside. Karl realises that Summer has been traumatised by the crash and helps her out by encouraging her to get in another car. He later tells a devastated Rhys that he has suffered severe nerve damage to his hand, as a result of the cut, and there is only a five per cent chance of a full recovery. Andrew suffers from headaches, dizziness and blackouts following the crash. He eventually seeks help and is diagnosed with epilepsy, which he keeps a secret from his friends and family. 
A few days after she wakes up, Paul sends Sophie to a rehab clinic in Sydney. Andrew purchases some medication online to control his epilepsy symptoms, which Aidan Foster (Bobby Morley) advises him against taking. Chris is asked by his lawyer to collect witness statements from everyone involved in the crash, but Andrew refuses to give him one. However, Paul is forced to call off the lawsuit when Andrew admits that the crash was his fault. He makes up with Chris, while Summer and Natasha initially keep their distance. Sophie returns from rehab and is able to walk with the help of crutches, but she struggles to be around her friends. She later admits to Chris that she blames herself for the accident, but he states that it was not her fault. Months later, Chris suffers flashbacks to the crash, causing him to admit that he is struggling to get back behind the wheel.
Production.
Announcement and conception.
The executive producer of "Neighbours", Richard Jasek, teased the crash storyline during a July 2012 interview with Digital Spy's Daniel Kilkelly. Jasek stated that the show had "a dramatic storyline coming up", which would have consequences that last for the rest of the year. He told Kilkelly, "All I can say is 'the gang shouldn't have gone out that night…'" A writer for Channel 5's "Neighbours" website later revealed that the storyline would highlight "two of the major causes of road fatalities and injuries among young Australian drivers – distraction and overloading cars." Jasek told the writer that when the team were plotting the story, they were surprised to learn how common it is for younger drivers to be persuaded into allowing more passengers in the car than legally allowed and how easily they are distracted. In the show's storyline it is peer pressure that decides the character's fate. Jasek explained "Ironically the character who is driving is the most responsible of all our teens but succumbs to pressure to allow one too many passengers. It is one of those decisions that at the time seems quite harmless because they're not traveling very far but like real life situations, distance has nothing to do with it."
Filming.
Jasek revealed to "TV Week's" Jackie Brygel that planning for the "dramatic" episodes began six weeks before the crash scenes were filmed. The shoot took sixteen hours to complete and the scenes were filmed over two nights at Melbourne's METEC Driver Training Centre. James Mason (Chris Pappas) told Brygel that the crew put in a lot of time and effort into getting the scenes right. He revealed that when scenes are usually filmed on location, two cameras are used, but for the crash storyline the crew used five to six cameras at the same time to capture the different angles. He called the shoot "fantastic" and later explained to "Inside Soap's" Sarah Ellis, "It looked like a movie set, with lots of emergency vehicles, and it was shot at night so the place was lit up like a Christmas tree. We used two identical cars, since we had to virtually destroy one of them." A stunt performer who specialises in car crash scenes also worked on the shoot. Jordy Lucas (Summer Hoyland) commented that being off-site was "pretty exciting" because the cast film everything but the street scenes at the show's Nunawading studio. Jordan Smith (Andrew Robinson) added that filming the scenes had an impact on the cast members, saying "It made us all stop and think. I think we all drove home pretty slowly that night!"
Development.
To celebrate Andrew Robinson's birthday, the Ramsay Street teens decide to attend a concert in the city. Andrew, Natasha (Valentina Novakovic), Summer and Ed (Sebastian Gregory) get into Chris' car earlier in the evening, unaware that Sophie Ramsay (Kaiya Jones) is hiding in the boot, having rebelled against her uncle's decision to forbid her from attending the concert. Halfway into the journey, the group hear a mysterious ringing coming from the back of the car and when Chris pulls over he discovers Sophie hiding in the boot with her phone. Andrew just wants to get to the concert, so he persuades Chris to let Sophie sit on Summer's lap. Chris "reluctantly agrees" knowing that she will not have a seat belt on. Mason revealed "Chris really is a pretty sensible, straightforward kind of guy who knows the rules - his morals are good. The last things he wants to do is jeopardise anyone's safety by doing something silly. But he gets talked into overloading the car by letting Sophie get in with them. He wants to please his friends and make sure everyone's happy - and it doesn't help that the whole group use a bit of peer pressure to convince him. The others just don't see any danger in what they're doing." Shortly after restarting their journey, a heated argument breaks out between Natasha and Andrew when she learns he has sold their gambling app without her permission. 
Summer and Ed join in with the argument and there is a lot of shouting. Lucas explained "Summer's aware they've overloaded the car, so she wants to keep calm. She can sense Chris is getting stressed by all the yelling, so she's very tense." As Chris tries to concentrate on the road, Andrew accidentally bumps his arm and he suddenly loses control of the car, which swerves, hits an embankment and flips over before coming to a stop. Sophie is critically injured after being thrown from the vehicle, while Andrew has a serious head injury and Ed is also in a bad way. Rhys Lawson (Ben Barber) comes across the scene and puts his own life at risk to start "frantic" rescue efforts. He cuts his hand in the process, but refuses to get it looked when the emergency services arrive. Rhys eventually finds Sophie and when she reaches the hospital, she is rushed into surgery. A writer for "Soap World" commented that "a terrified" Natasha is worried Ed will not wake up, before she can tell him she loves him. Mason stated that Chris is wracked with guilt and worried for his friends. Things become worse for him when Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis) arrives at the hospital and, after learning his son and niece are in a serious condition, threatens to sue him. Mason revealed that Paul is angry and wants someone to pay for what happened, while Dennis explained "Yes, it's typical Paul - someone has to pay and he decides that Chris should take all of the blame before he knows the full story." 
Chris is questioned by the police about the accident. Summer and Natasha later admit that they blame Andrew for the crash and he is slowly pushed out of the group. Sophie's condition starts to improve, but she faces "a long recovery" and is sent away to Sydney to receive treatment. The hand injury Rhys sustained forces him to cancel an impending trip to Japan. His girlfriend, Vanessa Villante (Alin Sumarwata) persuades him to have his injured hand examined and he has to undergo minor surgery. Rhys later has some tests performed on his hand and is told that he only has a five per cent chance of a full recovery. Barber revealed "He is devastated - becoming a surgeon is the most important thing to him and he has no plan B. This is a guy who manipulated himself into the surgical programme, it means that much to him." The crash also impacts on Andrew's future when he is diagnosed with epilepsy. Andrew begins displaying "worrying neurological symptoms" including; dizziness, severe headaches and black outs. Smith told Brygel "To start with Andrew just ignores the symptoms. He blames them on the crash. He doesn't want to delve into things. But there comes a point where he can't ignore the symptoms anymore." Despite being urged to tell his family and friends about the diagnosis, Andrew tries to deal with it by himself. When Ed eventually wakes up, Natasha "wastes no time" in telling him how she really feels about him and they share a kiss. "All About Soap's" Claire Crick asked "Could this tragedy finally being them together properly?"
Promotion and broadcast.
On 27 July 2012, "Neighbours" released a promotional trailer featuring the six teen characters for the car crash storyline. Birdy's version of "People Help the People" accompanied the trailer and the tagline read "Soon their lives change...forever." A few days later, "Neighbours" producers released pictures showing the characters in the aftermath of the accident and filming of the car crash scenes. The storyline began airing from 20 August in Australia and from 17 September in the UK.
Reception.
Jovita O'Shaughnessy received an Australian Director's Guild nomination for Best Direction in a TV Drama Serial for Episode 6472, which featured the aftermath of the crash. Brygel proclaimed that the Ramsay Street crash was "undoubtedly the most dramatic and shocking "Neighbours" storyline of the year so far". Sarah Ellis from "Inside Soap" named the storyline "Nightmare on Ramsay Street" and called the crash "terrifying". Jaci Stephen from the "Daily Mail" wrote "How often do I have to say it? Get some flamin' driving lessons! Is anyone actually capable of taking to the road without ending up in a car wreck?" She believed that it was "just as well" that Rhys injured his hand, forcing him to cancel his trip to Japan as "the plane would probably have crashed." Stephen continued "At least, on Wednesday, Chris's driving licence is suspended. If only the same could happen to the rest of Erinsborough's residents." Anthony D. Langford from AfterElton stated "I really enjoyed "Neighbours" this past week. The crash and the aftermath made for some really strong storytelling and I'm surprised at how prominent Chris has been in the storyline." Digital Spy's Daniel Kilkelly branded the crash one of the soap's "biggest episodes of the year". 
A reporter from the "Sunday Mercury" said "What do we think might happen to a car overloaded with teenagers? It crashes, of course, and Sophie is badly injured." Carena Crawford from "All About Soap" commented "Wow, "Neighbours" was more than a little bit dramatic today with the big car crash putting Sophie's life in danger – will she survive?" The writer went on to say that the accident would have "far-reaching consequences for everybody" and tried to work out who was to blame, before adding "Whoever's fault it is, we can't wait to see what happens next!" A reporter for the "TVTimes" stated "With more road accidents in this patch of Oz than anywhere else in the world, Sophie is asking for trouble when she piles into Chris's car, which is already overloaded with teenagers thanks to Andrew egging him on." Dianne Butler, writing for news.com.au, thought the police did "a half-baked investigation into the car crash", enabling Paul to sue Chris. The storyline was included in the "Inside Soap Yearbook 2013" as one of "The best bits of September". It was also named "Crash of the month". The crash was nominated for Best Storyline in Digital Spy's end of year reader poll for 2012, it received 5.5% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="36607753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607753" title="Langar, Torbat-e Jam">
Langar, Torbat-e Jam

Langar (, also Romanized as Lengar; also known as Kharjerd) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 769, in 167 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607763" title="List of state leaders in 365 BC">
List of state leaders in 365 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36607764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607764" title="Philippe Adam">
Philippe Adam

Philippe Adam (December 7, 1886 – October 5, 1963) was a Canadian provincial politician. He was the Union Nationale member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec for Bagot from 1938 to 1939. He was also mayor of Vale, Quebec from 1934 to 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="36607768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607768" title="Mahmanshahr-e Torbat-e Jam">
Mahmanshahr-e Torbat-e Jam

Mahmanshahr-e Torbat-e Jam (, also Romanized as Mahmānshahr-e Torbat-e Jām) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,186, in 641 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607775" title="Mahmudabad-e Olya, Razavi Khorasan">
Mahmudabad-e Olya, Razavi Khorasan

Mahmudabad-e Olya (, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Maḩmūdābād, Maḩmūdābād Bālā, Maḩmūdābād-e Bālā, Mohammad Ābād) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,102, in 246 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607779" title="Mahmudabad-e Bala">
Mahmudabad-e Bala

Mahmudabad-e Bala () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36607780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607780" title="Urdoma">
Urdoma

Urdoma () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="36607809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607809" title="The Very Beast of Dio Vol. 2">
The Very Beast of Dio Vol. 2

The Very Beast of Dio Vol. 2 is a posthumous compilation album by American heavy metal band Dio. It is a followup to "The Very Beast of Dio", a compilation album released in 2000 featuring tracks from Dio's first six studio albums and live EP. "Vol. 2" picks up where the previous album left off, including tracks from the band's seventh through tenth studio albums.
Unlike its predecessor, which was only available in the United States and Canada, "Vol. 2" had a worldwide release. The album was released on October 9, 2012. 
Promotion.
Eddie Trunk, radio host and longtime friend of Ronnie James Dio, provided liner notes for the release. In addition, the album was heavily promoted on Trunk's radio program as well as his VH1 Classic program, "That Metal Show".
The album was made available for streaming on the official Ronnie James Dio webstore on August 7, 2012. 
Reception.
Since its release, this compilation album has been met with mostly positive reviews. William Clark of Guitar International wrote that "This new release captures both of these of extreme emotions that drenched Dio’s later efforts and brings them together fabulously on one disc". Chad Bowar of About.com said that "The Very Beast Of Dio Vol 2 isn't essential, but is a very good collection of Dio's later material".

</doc>
<doc id="36607811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607811" title="Mahmudabad-e Olya">
Mahmudabad-e Olya

Mahmudabad-e Olya () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36607819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607819" title="Mian Sara, Razavi Khorasan">
Mian Sara, Razavi Khorasan

Mian Sara (, also Romanized as Mīān Sarā) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 565, in 124 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607825" title="Nik Pey, Razavi Khorasan">
Nik Pey, Razavi Khorasan

Nik Pey (, also Romanized as Nīk Pey) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 232, in 59 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607826" title="Thạch Kim Tuấn">
Thạch Kim Tuấn

Thạch Kim Tuấn (born 15 January 1994) is a Vietnamese weightlifter. He won a silver and two bronze medals at the 2011 World Junior Weightlifting Championships in Malaysia. He was the "young hope" of the Vietnam Athletes Association for the Weightlifting at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Men's 56 kg but did not qualify. However, he did manage to win a silver medal at the following year's Asian Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36607833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607833" title="Tres Agaves">
Tres Agaves

Tres Agaves is a brand of Tequila produced in the town of Tequila located in Jalisco, Mexico.
Tres Agaves Tequilas are made from 100% Blue Agave by a family-owned distillery. Tres Agaves Products Inc. produces three varieties of Tequila: "Blanco, Reposado" and "Añejo". Additionally, the company offers three alcohol-free mixer products: "Tres Agaves Organic Margarita Mix, Tres Agaves Cocktail-Ready Agave Nectar", and "Tres Agaves Organic Bloody Maria Mix".
History.
Tres Agaves Products Inc. was founded in 2008 by Eric Rubin and Barry Augus; the first bottle of Tequila was shipped in 2010. Their three Tequila varieties are made in the "El Llano" distillery ( NOM: 1109) in Jalisco, which began production in 1900.
Critical Reviews.
Tres Agaves' Tequilas have been evaluated by numerous spirits ratings competitions including the Ultimate Spirits Challenge, the Beverage Testing Institute, TheFiftyBest.com, the International Spirits Challenge and others. Their "Añejo" variety was awarded the Chairman's Trophy at the 2010 Ultimate Spirits Challenge with a score of 97/100.

</doc>
<doc id="36607834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607834" title="Nowdeh, Torbat-e Jam">
Nowdeh, Torbat-e Jam

Nowdeh () is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 971, in 226 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607843" title="Navay">
Navay

Navay (, also Romanized as Navāy) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 94, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607846" title="Soyga">
Soyga

Soyga () is the name of several rural localities in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36607847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607847" title="Church of Our Lady of Health, Kistanje">
Church of Our Lady of Health, Kistanje

The Church of Our Lady of Health () is a Roman Catholic church in Kistanje, Croatia.
History.
The church was built in 1894.
It was dedicated in 1895 by Grgur Rajčević, archbishop of Zadar.
During the Croatian War of Independence it was devastated and robbed by Serbs.
In 1995 it was renovated.
Description.
The church has stone altar according to wall with wooden tabernacle and image of Our Lady of Health. It also have wooden altar with ambon according to people, with wooden statues of Saint Joseph and Virgin Mary with Child and gypsum statue of the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
The church also have stone baptistery and stone stoups.

</doc>
<doc id="36607850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607850" title="Pol Varzeh">
Pol Varzeh

Pol Varzeh (, also Romanized as Pal Varzah) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 480, in 96 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607854" title="Leroy Morney">
Leroy Morney

Leory Morney (May 13, 1909 – March 23, 1979) was an American baseball shortstop in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1929 to 1944 with several teams. He was selected to three East-West All-Star Games. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607886" title="Guthrie High School (Texas)">
Guthrie High School (Texas)

Guthrie High School or Guthrie School is a public high school located in Guthrie, Texas (USA) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is part of the Guthrie Common School District located in central King County. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Guthrie Jaguars compete in the following sports:
Cross Country, 6-Man Football, Basketball, Golf & Track
The school district has recently built a new gymnasium completed for the 2010-2011 season.
See also.
List of Six-man football stadiums in Texas

</doc>
<doc id="36607888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607888" title="British hockey team">
British hockey team

British hockey team may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36607893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607893" title="Blind Sighted Faith">
Blind Sighted Faith

Blind Sighted Faith is the debut album by English folk-rock band The Dunwells. The album was released on 14 February 2012 on Playing In Traffic Records. Playing In Traffic Records, in conjunction with Concord Music Group, plans to re-release the album on 28 August 2012 with the addition of the new single "So Beautiful."
Overview.
"Blind Sighted Faith" is an 11-track collection produced by nine-time Grammy winner John Porter (The Smiths, Elvis Costello, Ryan Adams). After signing with the Austin, Texas based label Playing In Traffic Records in May 2011, The Dunwells recorded "Blind Sighted Faith" during the summer of 2011 at Willie Nelson’s Pedernales Studio in Austin, and Analogue Studios in West Yorkshire, England. "Blind Sighted Faith" introduced The Dunwells' organic blend of acoustic and electric roots music complete with five-part harmonies. In late June 2012, Playing In Traffic Records struck a joint venture for The Dunwells with Concord Music Group, enlisting the help of the record producer, George Drakoulias to record the band's single "So Beautiful." Playing In Traffic Records and Concord Music Group re-released "Blind Sighted Faith" with the addition of "So Beautiful" on 28 August 2012.
According to lead singer Joseph Dunwell, the title song for the album, "was written at a time in our career when we were broke, when all we had was our music and our faith. But the song became a turning point, as we were suddenly offered our first UK tour, and then invited to perform at the Folk Alliance Conference in Memphis, Tennessee. We didn’t have the money to go to America, but, trusting in ourselves and in our music, we closed our eyes, pushed the button, and booked the flights. There were 5,000 incredible musicians there, yet they chose us as the ‘break-out band.’ Titling the album "Blind Sighted Faith" was quite a poignant statement".

</doc>
<doc id="36607909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607909" title="Statue of George V, Westminster">
Statue of George V, Westminster

The statue of George V in Old Palace Yard, Westminster, London, is a sculpture of George V, King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions, and Emperor of India. The statue was sculpted prior to the Second World War and was hidden in a quarry during the war years. Other locations were suggested for the statue, including Parliament Square, but it was unveiled opposite the House of Lords in 1947.
Description.
The statue stands high and is made of Portland stone. It is located south of The Lady Chapel, Westminster Abbey and opposite the House of Lords. It is a Grade II listed building, having become so on 5 February 1970.
History.
It was announced in March 1937 by the Lord Mayor of London that William Reid Dick had been selected as the sculptor of a statue of George V. Giles Gilbert Scott was selected to design the architecture of the plinth. A location in Abingdon Street opposite the House of Lords was announced in October 1937. The construction was organised by the King George V National Memorial Committee. The original design proved controversial and resulted in some criticism: it was to feature an ornate Gothic canopy which critics described as "dwarfing" the statue itself. Following a public consultation this feature was removed from later designs.
The Amenities groups of both the House of Commons and the House of Lords opposed the citing of the statue facing the House of Lords as they were concerned it would lead to the demolition of No. 6 and 7 Old Palace Yard and houses in a nearby street. A model of the statue was exhibited in the Member's tea room of the House of Commons. 
The Royal Fine Art Commission suggested that the statue should be located in Parliament Square instead of opposite the House of Lords. The construction of the statue took place on Portland prior to the Second World War, but the danger of bringing the statue to London prevented the erection of it until after the war. The carving of the statue actually took place in the Portland quarry from which the stone was produced, and during the war years it was placed inside one of the quarry's tunnels on the Island in order to prevent it from potential damage due to German bombing raids. Following the war it was moved to the Tate Gallery while the statue's site was prepared for it. The statue was placed in the original proposed spot opposite the House of Lords, which required the demolition of No. 5 Old Palace Yard. It was unveiled by King George VI, on 22 October 1947 and was attended by Queen Elizabeth, Queen Mary, and Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret.
In 1968, the symbol of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament was drawn on the side of the plinth, provoking the question of its removal to be raised by Dudley Smith MP in the House of the Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="36607919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607919" title="Albert Elkus">
Albert Elkus

Albert Elkus (born April 30, 1884 in Sacramento, CA; died on February 19, 1962 in Oakland, CA) was an American composer, pianist, and educator.
Biography.
Elkus came from a family with a background in music and commerce and received early music training from his mother, Bertha Kahn Elkus. He then went on to study with Hugo Mansfeld in Sacramento and San Francisco. He attended the University of California, Berkeley, earning the BLitt and MLitt in 1906 and 1907. While attending the university he gave many public piano recitals throughout the Bay area and northern California, most notably with the Saturday Club of Sacramento. 
After completing academic studies at UC Berkeley, he went to Berlin to study music theory and composition with Hugo Kaun. He then returned to the Bay area and continued his studies with Oscar Weil. From 1912-14 he went abroad again; in Paris he studied piano with Harold Bauer, in Berlin, he studied piano and composition with Josef Lhévinne and Georg Schumann, and in Vienna he studied composition with Carl Prohaska and conducting with Franz Schalk.
Professional career.
On returning to the United States in 1915, Elkus taught at the Jenkins School of Music in Oakland. From 1916-1928 he conducted several choral societies in San Francisco and Sacramento. He was the head of the Theory Department at the San Francisco Conservatory of Music from 1923-5, then again from 1930-37, and finally returned there as the director from 1951-1957. He also taught at Dominican College and Mills College. 
Elkus had an extensive association with the music department at UC Berkeley, lasting from 1931 to 1959. He became the conductor of the University Symphony Orchestra in 1934. He was chairman there from 1937-1951 and brought in distinguished musicians such as Randall Thompson, Ernest Bloch, Roger Sessions, Arthur Bliss, Manfred Bukofzer, and the Griller Quartet. 
In 1959 UC Berkeley conferred on Elkus the honorary degree Doctor of Laws. He continued to teach at the Conservatory and give lectures at the University until his death. 
In honor of Elkus, UC Berkeley annually bestows the Albert Elkus Award to four or five outstanding students from the class that Elkus taught most often, Music 27: Introduction to Music (for non-music majors).
Works.
Elkus was prolific as a composer, writing in a post-Brahmsian style, tending towards conservatism but with an emphasis on chromatic harmonics tinged with a dash of Impressionism. He revered Beethoven and remained firmly entrenched in the music of the Romantics. He also had a great love of the music of the Baroque and Renaissance eras, and took a vigorous part in furthering the music of his own time. 
His 1917 piece Impression from a Greek Tragedy won the Juilliard Award in 1935 and found its way into many orchestra repertoires. He virtually stopped composing once he became chair of the UC Berkeley music department. 
He was performed by symphonies around the world, including San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York, Paris, and London.  
Elkus was one of the editors of Oscar Weil Letters and Papers (1923), with Flora Arnstein and Stewart Young.

</doc>
<doc id="36607923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607923" title="2007 Ginetta Junior Championship season">
2007 Ginetta Junior Championship season

The 2007 PlayStation Ginetta GT Junior Championship season was the third season of the Ginetta Junior Championship. The season began at Anglesey on 30 June and concluded after 16 races over 7 events at Brands Hatch on 27 October.

</doc>
<doc id="36607930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607930" title="Harry Martin (field hockey)">
Harry Martin (field hockey)

Harry Martin is a British field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607933" title="Matthew Daly">
Matthew Daly

Matthew Daly is a British field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607942" title="Iain Mackay">
Iain Mackay

Iain Mackay is a British field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the tournament.
He was schooled at Bishop's Stortford College, Hertfordshire.

</doc>
<doc id="36607946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607946" title="Iain Lewers">
Iain Lewers

Iain Lewers (born in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is a British field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the tournament. He is a former pupil of Wellington College Belfast. He represents the Uttar Pradesh Wizards in the Hockey India League.

</doc>
<doc id="36607948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607948" title="Nicholas Catlin">
Nicholas Catlin

Nicholas Catlin (born 8 April 1989) is a British field hockey player.
Catlin made his international debut in 2009. Catlin competed for the Great Britain national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He plays club hockey for Reading.

</doc>
<doc id="36607949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607949" title="Daniel Fox (field hockey)">
Daniel Fox (field hockey)

Daniel "Dan" Fox (born 3 March 1983) is a British field hockey defender.
Fox made his international debut in 2009. Fox competed for the Great Britain national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He studied at St Edmund Hall, Oxford. He plays club hockey for Holcombe, having formerly played for Hampstead & Westminster.

</doc>
<doc id="36607953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607953" title="Richard Smith (field hockey)">
Richard Smith (field hockey)

Richard Smith is a British field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the tournament. He was born in Portsmouth
Current hockey club is Hampstead & Westminster Hockey Club

</doc>
<doc id="36607962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607962" title="Gernot Messner">
Gernot Messner

Gernot Messner (born 10 October 1980) is an Austrian footballer who plays for Wolfsberger AC.

</doc>
<doc id="36607963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607963" title="Jonathan Robinson (field hockey)">
Jonathan Robinson (field hockey)

Jonathan Robinson is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607964" title="George Washington University Student Association">
George Washington University Student Association

The George Washington University Student Association, colloquially known as the Student Association (SA), is the student government of The George Washington University in Washington, D.C. Modeled after the United States federal government, it consists of three branches: legislative, executive and judicial.
The Student Association is responsible for advocacy on behalf of the student body at The George Washington University. The first form of student government at GW can be traced back to a system of class officers in 1909. The Student Council, the precursor to today's student government, was first established in 1930. After some changes to the structure it was dissolved following a student body vote in 1970 after being deemed unworkable. The constitution that ushered the creation of the current Student Association was ratified in 1976 after a university wide referendum.
History.
Prior to the Student Association, the student governing body was the student council. The student council was established in 1930 to replace the system governed by various class presidents or officers, which began in 1909. All schools in 1930 were to receive one representative for every 500 students. In 1938 the constitution was changed. The new Council was composed of 9 members elected of the student body at large and 5 members from various student groups. It was given the following powers: 1) to make rules governing elections, 2) to classify activities as “major” or “minor,” 3) to require major activities to file prospecti covering their programs for each year, 4) to prescribe systems of accounts and records for any activity, and, 5) to make rules providing appropriate penalties for violation of any rule, regulation, or order of the Council. The Council system, with modifications (it later became known as the Student Assembly), continued until February 27, 1970, when 69% of the student body voted in a referendum to dissolve the student government. Student Assembly president Neil Portnow ran for reelection with the abolition of the Assembly as the major plank of his platform. He won, and on February 17 read a statement to The GW Hatchet and other press announcing the abolition of GW's student government. 
It wasn’t until 1974 that a referendum to bring back some form of student government was initiated, and in January 1975 students voted to create a new governing system by a five to one margin. The George Washington University Student Association came into being in April 1976 when students ratified a new constitution by a vote of 1,343 to 241. On May 24 of that year the Board of Trustees ratified the Student Association charter. Membership included all full-time, part-time, graduate, professional and undergraduate students who were registered for academic credit. Today, the Student Association is made up of the executive, senate and judicial branches.
Executive Branch.
The President and Vice President, elected by the entire student population each year, oversee an Executive Staff that deals with the day-to-day operations of the Student Association. The current SA President is Julia Susuni and the current Vice President is Kostas Skordalos. Additionally, the President appoints eleven members to the executive Cabinet that must be confirmed by the SA Senate. The President also appoints Directors who are not mandated by the Constitution and do not require Senate approval. Examples include: Director of New Students and Director of The Mount Vernon Campus. The President also appoints students to other positions, such as a representative to the Faculty Senate. All appointees do not need to run for office. 
Some SA alumni have been successful after college, such as former SA president Edward "Skip" Gnehm, who was the Ambassador to Kuwait during the Gulf War and received the Presidential Distinguished Service Award and two Presidential Meritorious Service Awards.
Legislative branch.
The Senate of the George Washington University Student Association holds the power to approve bills that are sent to the President, as well as control the Student Association's $1,000,000 budget. It is arguably the most influential branch of the SA. The Senate consists of thirty Senators representing their respective schools within the university, as well as three non-voting freshmen Senators. The Senate consists of four standing committees that include the Finance Committee, Student Life Committee, Academic Affairs Committee and Senate Leadership Committee. The Senate has the mandate of making recommendations on issues that affect student life, give general direction to Student Association policies, collect a student fee from tuition and subsequent disbursement, and passing of bills as it sees fit among other powers. The current President Pro Tempore of the SA Senate is Daniel Egel-Weiss. 
The Finance Committee is in charge of the funds that the Senate collects from student tuition to fund the Student Association budget, collecting just over $1,000,000. These funds are primarily doled out to the 400+ student organizations on campus at The George Washington University in addition to funding the operational budget of the Student Association. The Committee is responsible for setting criteria for disbursements and working with the Vice President for Financial Affairs, a member of the President's cabinet. In 2012 the Finance Committee put a Student Fee Increase to a student body referendum. The proposal sought to increase the amount the SA collects from students to $3.00 per credit hour from $1.50 per credit hour, boosting the to SA budget to an estimated $1,750,000 over nine years. The referendum was ratified overwhelmingly by the student body with 66% voting in favor. The current Chairman is Ryan Counihan.
The Student Life Committee is responsible for advocating on issues that affect students. Primarily, the Committee raises these issues at Senate meetings and proposes bills to be used as the basis for advocacy efforts.
The Academic Affairs Committee primarily focuses on issues that relate students academics. The Committee works closely with the Faculty Senate and university administration to address relevant issues.
Judicial Branch.
The Judicial Branch consists of the Student Court, composed of five members, two of whom must be undergraduate and two graduate students. Members of the Court serve for their entire academic career after being appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. The court has jurisdiction over any cases the involve suits brought between parties within the Student Association and between other student organizations suing the Student Association.
The Court is not very active, but was shown to still be relevant when it decided the outcome of a Presidential election in 2009. Presidential candidate Kyle Boyer won the popular vote, but was charged with a violation of election rules for failing to report the market value of a car used during campaigning. Julie Bindleglass lost the popular vote, but became President of the SA when the Joint Election Committee, active during elections, threw Boyer off the ballot. Boyer then sued the Joint Elections Committee in the Student Court. The Court used a 1992 precedent in which Presidential candidate Christopher Ferguson alleged he was thrown off the ballot in an "arbitrary and capricious manner", criteria for bringing a case to the court, as precedent for hearing the case. The Student Court upheld the disqualification from the ballot and effectively decided the outcome of the election.
Advocacy Issues.
The Student Association has taken up a plethora of advocacy issues, and there has been criticism leveled at the Student Association that it seems to change focus from administration to administration with no continuity, as well as large turnover in the Senate. The Senate is usually the start of advocacy by passing bills to express support for an issue and the President follows through with lobbying to the University administration.
In the past few years, the Student Association focused largely on fee reduction for students. Starting in 2010 the SA focused on reducing printing fees after charges were leveled that the University was profiting off of students. After having little success the issue was again taken up in 2011 with the formation of a joint committee of students and faculty after stonewalling from the university administration. Second semester of the 2011-2012 academic year there was again another vow to renew the fight against student fees. Eventually, the fee was reduced.
Other advocacy efforts have included the restoration of free news papers to student after they were cut by the University. There was also a push to ban smoking on campus by the Senate that led to a campus wide referendum that passed overwhelmingly, but needs to be enacted by the administration. The Student Association has also successfully lobbied for the installation of condom dispensers in residence halls.
The Student Association has not been immune to infighting, notably between the 2010-2011 Administration of John Richardson and the Legislative Branch. Richardson repeatedly called the Senate out for lack of action in the beginning of the spring 2012 semesters. He later retracted his comments and apologized. 

</doc>
<doc id="36607966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607966" title="Wade Paton">
Wade Paton

Wade Paton is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the tournament.
He is also an old boy at one of the oldest schools in South Africa, Maritzburg College (Locally Known as College)

</doc>
<doc id="36607967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607967" title="Lloyd Madsen">
Lloyd Madsen

Lloyd Madsen is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607969" title="Cities and metropolitan areas of the United States">
Cities and metropolitan areas of the United States

This article includes information about the 100 most populous incorporated cities, the 100 most populous Core Based Statistical Areas (CBSAs), and the 100 most populous Primary Statistical Areas (PSAs) of the United States and Puerto Rico. This information is displayed in two tables. The first table ranks the cities, CBSAs, and PSAs separately by population. The second table displays the areas in hierarchical order by the most populous PSA, then most populous CBSA, and then most populous city.
As defined by the United States Census Bureau, an "incorporated place" includes a variety of designations, including city, town, village, borough, and municipality. A few exceptional Census Designated Places (CDPs) are also included in the Census Bureau's list of incorporated places.
Most recently on December 1, 2009, the United States Office of Management and Budget (OMB) defined 955 Core Based Statistical Areas (CBSAs) for the United States and Puerto Rico. The OMB defines a Core Based Statistical Area as one or more adjacent counties or county equivalents that have at least one urban core area of at least 10,000 population, plus adjacent territory that has a high degree of social and economic integration with the core as measured by commuting ties. The Core Based Statistical Areas currently defined by the OMB include the 374 Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs), which have an urban core population of at least 50,000, and the 581 Micropolitan Statistical Areas (μSAs), which have an urban core population of at least 10,000 but less than 50,000.
Most recently on December 1, 2009, the United States Office of Management and Budget also defined 125 Combined Statistical Areas (CSAs) for the United States and 3 CSAs for Puerto Rico. The OMB defines a Combined Statistical Area as two or more adjacent Core Based Statistical Areas that have substantial employment interchange. The CBSAs that combine to create a CSA retain their separate identities within the larger CSA. 
A Primary Statistical Area is a single or multiple Core Based Statistical Area that is not a component of a larger statistical area. The United States Office of Management and the Budget currently does not use the term "Primary Statistical Area." Currently, the United States and Puerto Rico have 725 Primary Statistical Areas comprising all 128 Combined Statistical Areas (CSAs) plus the 188 Metropolitan Statistical Areas (MSAs) and 409 Micropolitan Statistical Areas (μSAs) that are not a component of a CSA.
__TOC__
Rank table.
The sortable table below displays three lists:
The table contains the following information:
Hierarchical table.
The sortable table below displays the 100 most populous Primary Statistical Areas (PSAs), the 100 most populous Core Based Statistical Areas (CBSAs), and the 100 most populous incorporated cities of the United States and Puerto Rico with the following information:
Please note: This table does not include less populous Primary Statistical Areas, less populous constituent Core Based Statistical Areas of Combined Statistical Areas, and less populous incorporated cities in Core Based Statistical Areas.

</doc>
<doc id="36607971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607971" title="Timothy Drummond">
Timothy Drummond

Timothy Drummond is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. Drummond was educated at Hilton College.

</doc>
<doc id="36607974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607974" title="Julian Hykes">
Julian Hykes

Julian Hykes is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607976" title="Lloyd Norris-Jones">
Lloyd Norris-Jones

Lloyd Norris-Jones is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.
He currently plays for the Delhi Waveriders in the Hockey India League 

</doc>
<doc id="36607980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607980" title="Lance Louw">
Lance Louw

Lance Louw is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607981" title="Rhett Halkett">
Rhett Halkett

Rhett Halkett is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607982" title="Erasmus Pieterse">
Erasmus Pieterse

Erasmus Pieterse is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607985" title="Justin Reid-Ross">
Justin Reid-Ross

Justin Reid-Ross is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607986" title="Ian Haley">
Ian Haley

Ian Haley is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607988" title="Taine Paton">
Taine Paton

Taine Paton is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36607991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607991" title="METRO Q Card">
METRO Q Card

The METRO Q Card is a contactless smart card used to ride on public transportation in Greater Houston. It is administered by the Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County. The card can be used on METRO Bus, METRORail, and METROLift.
Services.
The following services use the Metro Q Card feature:

</doc>
<doc id="36607994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36607994" title="Jayton High School (Texas)">
Jayton High School (Texas)

Jayton High School or Jayton School is a public high school located in the community of Jayton, Texas, in Kent County, United States and classified as a 1A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Jayton-Girard Independent School District located in central Kent County serving the communities of Jayton, Girard, and surrounding rural areas. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Jayton Jaybirds compete in the following sports 
Cross Country, 6-Man Football, Basketball, Golf, Tennis & Track
See also.
List of Six-man football stadiums in Texas

</doc>
<doc id="36608010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608010" title="Miguel Delas">
Miguel Delas

Miguel Delas is a Spanish field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608013" title="José Ballbe">
José Ballbe

José Ballbe (Terrassa, 21 February 1985) is a Spanish field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608014" title="Marc Salles">
Marc Salles

Marc Sallés (born 6 May 1987) is a Spanish field hockey player, playing midfield. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.
Personal life.
As of 2012, Salles studies Business Administration Salles is in weight, tall and is right-handed.
Field hockey.
Salles is coached by national coach Daniel Martin. He currently plays for "Atletic de Terrassa", in Terrassa, Catalonia. Marc Sallés winning goal against France in August 2011 at the GANT EuroHockey Championship secured A division status for Spain in 2013.
Salles participated in six matches in London during the preliminary round of Pool A. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, he competed in the field hockey men's tournament but did not score.

</doc>
<doc id="36608020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608020" title="Manel Terraza">
Manel Terraza

Manel Terraza is a Spanish field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608023" title="Pau Quemada">
Pau Quemada

Pau Quemada is a Spanish field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608027" title="Xavi Lleonart">
Xavi Lleonart

Xavi Lleonart is a Spanish field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608034" title="Gonzalo Peillat">
Gonzalo Peillat

Gonzalo Peillat is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608038" title="Ignacio Bergner">
Ignacio Bergner

Ignacio Bergner is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. Ans he play in Royal Orée Hockey Club in Brussels 

</doc>
<doc id="36608043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608043" title="Matias Enrique Paredes">
Matias Enrique Paredes

Matias Enrique Paredes is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608047" title="Santiago Montelli">
Santiago Montelli

Santiago Montelli is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608049" title="Juan Martín López">
Juan Martín López

Juan Martín López is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608050" title="Manuel Brunet">
Manuel Brunet

Manuel Brunet is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608052" title="Agustín Mazzilli">
Agustín Mazzilli

Agustin Mazzilli is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608053" title="Lucas Rossi">
Lucas Rossi

Lucas Rossi is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608057" title="Facundo Callioni">
Facundo Callioni

Facundo Callioni is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608058" title="Jonathan Elkus">
Jonathan Elkus

Jonathan Elkus (born August 8, 1931 in San Francisco) is an American composer, arranger, editor, author, conductor, and teacher.
Life.
The son of Albert Elkus, he studied composition at University of California, Berkeley (BA 1953) with Charles Cushing and William Denny, at Stanford University (MA 1957) with Ernst Bacon and Leonard Ratner, and at Mills College (1957) with Darius Milhaud.
From 1957 to 1973 he taught at Lehigh University and in 1979 became the director of music and chair of humanities at Cape Cod Academy. He was appointed Lecturer in Music and Director of Bands at University of California, Davis in 1993, retiring in 2003.
Elkus founded Overland Music Distributors in 1984. They published books and music by varying composers including Elinor Armer, Cushing, and Ali Akbar Khan. He now serves as editorial consultant to Subito Music Corporation, its successor.
Elkus has been a guest conductor with concert bands and wind ensembles throughout the USA. In 2002, he was presented with the Edwin Franko Goldman Memorial Citation of the American Bandmasters Association in recognition of his contribution to bands and band music in America.
Works.
Elkus has focused on expanding the repertory for concert band; numerous compositions and arrangements for this ensemble have been published and recorded.
Elkus has composed over a dozen works for the stage, in addition to incidental music for plays and numbers for musical revues. His two best known are conceived for performance by children: Tom Sawyer (1953) and Treasure Island (1961). In Tom Sawyer, Elkus uses much of Mark Twain’s original dialogue. The composer’s intent in this musical adaptation was, like Twain’s, to “remind adults of what they once were and how they thought and felt”. The musical style is essentially tonal, evoking the work’s period setting through galops and marches; instrumental interludes are highly programmatic, and choral ensembles make use of original onomatopoeic devices. The music of Treasure Island is more adventurous; colorful hornpipes are used, but the language is richly chromatic and there is considerable rhythmic intensity.
Through his editorial work, Elkus has focused on the music of Charles Ives. He is an editor of the Charles Ives Society’s critical editions of the complete works and has transcribed works of Ives for the U.S. Marine Band. In 1974 he authored the monograph Charles Ives and the American Band Tradition.

</doc>
<doc id="36608065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608065" title="St Albans RFC">
St Albans RFC

Formation.
St Albans Rugby Club formed in 1970, under the driving force of their first chairman, Peter Baines.The club formed as an open rugby club with many players joining from the old Electrical Apparatus Company (EAC) rugby club which played off New Barnes Avenue.
Facilities.
Initially the club used changing rooms at Westminster Lodge and a rented pitch situated just above the hypocaust in Verulamium Park. The North Western PH (now sadly a block of flats) on the corner of Prospect Road and Holywell Hill provided a club room and meals on match days. In 1976 the club acquired the short term lease from St Albans School for a pitch and clubhouse off Belmont Hill. 
1983 saw the club move to their current ground at Boggymead Springs, off Oaklands Lane, at Smallford, obtained on a long term lease from Hertfordshire CC.The clubhouse was officially opened by the famous England scrum half, Dickie Jeeps in October that year.
Twickenham appearance.
In 1995 the club qualified from over 500 junior clubs to reach the final of the Pilkington Shield at Twickenham, where they played and lost to Bedford Queens 11-10 immediately prior to the Wasps v Bath Pilkington Cup Final. The club qualified to enter the Pilkington Cup itself a few years later, through reaching the Hertfordshire President’s Cup final.
Playing level.
The club is currently enjoying playing in London 2 North West2. This season the 1st XV won the Herts Presidents' Tankard for the second time.
The club also fields 2nd and 3rd sides which compete in the local Merit Tables.
St Albans RFC welcomes players of all abilities, as well as social members.

</doc>
<doc id="36608068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608068" title="Smolenets">
Smolenets

Smolenets () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:

</doc>
<doc id="36608069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608069" title="Klaas Vermeulen">
Klaas Vermeulen

Klaas Vermeulen (born 4 March 1988, Utrecht)[http://www.sports-reference.com/olympics/athletes/ve/klaas-vermeulen-1.html] is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608071" title="Marcel Balkestein">
Marcel Balkestein

Marcel Balkestein (born 29 January 1981 in Geldrop) is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament, and was part of the Dutch team that won the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36608072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608072" title="Wouter Jolie">
Wouter Jolie

Wouter Jolie (born 7 July 1983 in Naarden)[http://www.sports-reference.com/olympics/athletes/jo/wouter-jolie-1.html] (say "Vow-ti Yo-lee") is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. Jolie is a key member of the H.C. Bloemendaal squad, which won the Euro Hockey League (EHL) in 2008-09 and are the current champions, having won the 2012-13 EHL. Jolie is a defender, but scores goals remarkably often, generally off penalty corners, where he strikes the ball very effectively. 

</doc>
<doc id="36608073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608073" title="Robbert Kempermann">
Robbert Kempermann

Robbert Kemperman (born 24 June 1990, Nijmegen) is a Dutch field hockey player. 
At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608076" title="Sander Baart">
Sander Baart

Sander Baart (born 30 April 1988) is a Dutch field hockey player of Belgian descent. 
He started playing at the age of 6 at R. Antwerp H.C. in Belgium and in his final season with them in 2007 won the Belgian national title. As of the 2007-2008 season he is playing for the Dutch club Oranje-Zwart. In 2014 he also won the Dutch national title with his club.
As a junior player he played for the Belgian national team Boys Under 16 and won the European title with them. Later on he switched to the Dutch national teams and won European silver and gold medals for the Dutch Under 21 team and the silver medal at the Junior World Championship (U21). 
He played his first official match for the Dutch national men's team in 2007 against Korea. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. He represents the Uttar Pradesh Wizards in the Hockey India League. 

</doc>
<doc id="36608079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608079" title="Bob de Voogd">
Bob de Voogd

Bob de Voogd (born 16 September 1988, Helmond) is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608082" title="Sander de Wijn">
Sander de Wijn

Sander de Wijn (born 2 May 1990 in Boxmeer) is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608084" title="Billy Bakker">
Billy Bakker

Billy Bakker (born 23 November 1988) is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608086" title="Valentin Verga">
Valentin Verga

Valentin Verga (born 7 October 1989 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine-born Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608088" title="Mink van der Weerden">
Mink van der Weerden

Mink van der Weerden (born 19 October 1988 in Geldrop) is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. A penalty corner specialist, he was credited with the second victory in group play, over Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="36608099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608099" title="Paul van Ass">
Paul van Ass

Paul van Ass (born 16 August 1960, Bergschenhoek) is a Dutch field hockey coach. After coaching for the Dutch club HGC, he became the coach of the national team, managing them at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's tournament.
Career.
Club career.
In his first major coaching position, head coach of the men's team of HGC, Van Ass managed to save the team from degradation and lead them to a championship final in 2007, which was credited to his "opportunistic" style of coaching. HGC lost that game to HC Bloemendaal. Van Ass's HGC reached the final of the Euro Hockey League 2007–08 after beating HC Rotterdam in the semi-final, but lost to Uhlenhorster HC in overtime.
In the 2008–2009 season, he coached "Jong Oranje" (the men's under-21 national team) and was assistant-coach for the Netherlands national field hockey team; he returned to coach HGC (which had a disappointing season under Alexander Cox) for the 2009-2010 season. That team reached the final in the national championship, losing again to Bloemendaal, and qualified for the Euro Hockey League 2010–11.
National team.
Despite having limited international experience, van Ass was appointed coach of the national team in June 2010, after Michel van den Heuvel was let go. The appointment came as a surprise: van Ass got the position in favor of Marc Lammers or another international top coach.
Olympic selection controversy.
One of his first decisions generated considerable controversy: besides not having a coaching certificate, he did not select seasoned internationals Taeke Taekema and Teun de Nooijer (nicknamed "T&T"), the country's best known hockey players and "icons" of the sport. He cut the two from the national selection in January 2012, and to justify his choice criticized them in an interview with "de Volkskrant" a few days later, a justification referred to in the press as "character murder", and later apologized for his words. After a public backlash van Ass apologized to T&T at the end of January and took them back in March, his credibility having suffered greatly, but cut them again in July.
2012 Olympics.
The Dutch team played their opening game in Group B against India, beating them 3–2, and rallied against Belgium in their second match to beat them 3–1, thanks to penalty corner specialist Mink van der Weerden. The team reached the final by demolishing Great Britain 9-2, but lost to Germany, 2-1.

</doc>
<doc id="36608109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608109" title="Heritage Glass Museum">
Heritage Glass Museum

The Heritage Glass Museum is a historical museum in Glassboro, New Jersey, United States. It records the glass making and glass art which started in Glassboro in 1779. The museum was founded in 1979 and its mission is to educate and preserve the heritage of glass manufacturing and glass blowing in South Jersey.
Early history.
In 1779, members of the Stanger family, all glass blowers, left Alloway Township, New Jersey and the Wistar glassworks. Soloman Stanger had found clay, quality sands and adequate Oak wood for the glass furnaces, along with a ready market across the river at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. This was near Carpenter’s Landing close to the narrow Mantua Creek. He purchased 200 acres of land there. The Strangers were German immigrants who had worked in Salem County, New Jersey and Lancaster County, Pennsylvania glass works and were ready to start their own business. 
Their timing due to the American Revolution was unfortunate because the Stanger Glass Works closed in late 1781 primarily due to inflation of the new American Revolutionary War money, high costs of transportation and being unable to pay off their debts.
Post American Revolution.
Colonels Thomas Heston and Thomas Carpenter purchased the glass blowing equipment in 1786. The Heston-Carpenter Glass Works became financially successful and upon the death of the partners was sold. Over time the once Stanger Glass works later became the Olive Works, the Temperanceville Glass Works, the Harmony Glass Works (by mid 1830), the Whitney Brothers Glass Works in 1838, the Owens Bottle Company by 1922, and finally the Owens Illinois Glass Company circa 1926.
The Whitney Brothers Glass work was bought in 1838 by Thomas Whitney the eldest son of Ebenezer Whitney who settled in Glassboro in 1805 due to an accident at sea. Over the next seventy five years the company flourished and at one point had over a thousand workers and thousands of acres of land.
Glassboro was once the United States best equipped and extensive glass producing area of the country with the largest variety of colors and styles. By the 1930s, plastics had begun to replace glass in the domestic markets. The age of mass production of glass and glass blowing was ending.
Museum.
On September 23, 1979, the Heritage Glass Museum was founded as a 501c(3) non-profit organization. The current location is at 25 High Street in Glassboro, which is a former Glassboro Title & Trust Company bank building that failed in 1931 due to the Depression. In its last function before the museum was founded, it was the Glassboro Public Library from 1963 to 1979. The land was once part of the original Stanger Glass Works.
The Museum has exhibits of historic glass, bottles and animal glass art figurines. It has an extensive library on glass blowing and education. It also loans out items for display at other museums and institutions of learning.

</doc>
<doc id="36608131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608131" title="Yo No Tengo Nah">
Yo No Tengo Nah

"Yo No Tengo Nah" ("I don't have nothing") is a Christmas song written and perform by Kany García. The song is part of effort to raising funds to benefit substantially Psychopedagogical Institute of Puerto Rico, a place that houses children and adults with severe mental retardation. "Yo No Tengo Nah", can only be obtained through digital download.
Song Information.
"Yo No Tengo Nah" talks about the custom that Puerto Rican families have to spend the holidays away from the island and plans to spend the best and funniest Christmas in Puerto Rico. People can only get the song in any of the Church's Chicken restaurants, Chili's, Pollo Tropical and Romano's Macaroni Grill, by making a donation of $ 2.00 to benefit the Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="36608133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608133" title="Michele Marsh (actress)">
Michele Marsh (actress)

Michele Marsh (also credited as Michèle Marsh) is an American actress, best known for her portrayal of "Hodel" in the film adaptation of the Broadway musical "Fiddler on the Roof" in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="36608135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608135" title="Lee Seung-il">
Lee Seung-il

Lee Seung-il (; born December 21, 1982) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608136" title="Nam Hyun-woo">
Nam Hyun-woo

Nam Hyun-woo (born July 15, 1987) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608139" title="Oh Dae-keun">
Oh Dae-keun

Oh Dae-keun (born May 11, 1982) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608140" title="Kang Moon-kyu">
Kang Moon-kyu

Kang Moon-kyu (born 24 April 1988) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. His twin brother, Kang Moon-kweon, is also a field hockey player.

</doc>
<doc id="36608141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608141" title="Kim Young-jin">
Kim Young-jin

Kim Young-jin (born August 29, 1984) is a South Korean field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608144" title="The Nature Institute">
The Nature Institute

The Nature Institute is a research institute located in upstate New York, which offers educational programs, publishes two publications ("In Context" and "NetFuture") and maintains two websites. The Nature Institute is located in rural Ghent, New York and was founded in 1998 by Craig Holdrege and Steven Talbott. The Institute's publications reach about 10,000 readers.
Projects.
The Nature Institute's position is that if humanity wants to address the root causes of our present-day unsustainable relation to the planet, our way of thinking about, experiencing, and interacting with the world needs radical reorientation. The Institute has several projects in support of that position including:
Publications.
The Institute's newsletter, "In Context", published biannually since 1999, features articles addressing central questions concerning the methods of scientific inquiry and the role of technology in society, and presenting the results of biological research based on a phenomenological treatment of the organism as a whole.
The on-line publication "NetFuture" has received recognition from commentators in the field of technology. Kevin Kelly founding editor of "Wired" magazine said "NetFuture" is "the best, most literate, and intelligent critique of technology available. Talbott is honest, bright, and devoted to understanding the role of technology in our lives. He manages to host a conversation around his wonderful essays that actually moves issues forward. Most excellent and highly recommended."
A portion of the Institute's web site, "Nontarget", deals with the unintended effects of genetic manipulation and received recognition from the Organic Consumers Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36608147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608147" title="Marlapalem">
Marlapalem

Marlapalem is a village in Chatrai Mandal in Krishna district of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Marlapalem is a village in chatrai mandal of krishna district of Andhra Pradesh, with sourounding villages as west side gudipadu, east side yedavalli of west godavari district, north side polavarm,south side kothagudem,somavaram prominent center for surrounding 6 villages.
Marlaplem connected to nearby towns like nuziveedu,eluru,vissanapeta, chintalapudi and can reach to marlapalem from these towns by road way by autos or buses.
Marlapalem has a Z P H School which was main school for education for surrounding 6 villages.
With rich yielding lands, marlapalem lake is the water supply for these fields,marlapalem lake will get water from Monkollu reservoir.
Main crops in marlapalem village are tobacco, maize, paddy, chilli.
Marlapalem village has been divided into so many parts based on commnuity sprawling in a lot of area.

</doc>
<doc id="36608157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608157" title="Martin Häner">
Martin Häner

Martin Häner (born 27 August 1988 in Berlin) is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament, where they won the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36608158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608158" title="Oskar Deecke">
Oskar Deecke

Oskar Deecke (born 16 May 1986 in Hamburg) is a German field hockey player.
Sporting career.
Oskar Deecke started his national career with German club Club an der Alster in Hamburg, Germany. His scored his first goal in the German Field Hockey National League in 2003, just a few days before his 17th birthday. In 2006 he joined German club Crefelder HTC in Krefeld, Germany. This team became German Indoor-Hockey champions and won the European Club Champions Cup in 2007 in Bloemendaal, Netherlands. In 2008 the “CHTC” team won the European Indoor-Hockey Club Cup. After the London 2012 Olympics, Deecke joined Club de Campo in Madrid, Spain. In June 2013 he left Madrid and joined the CHTC in Krefeld again.
Oskar Deecke started his international career in 2006, as part of the German Junior National Team that won a silver medal at the U21 European Championship in Prague, Czech Republic. As a member of the German National Indoor Team he won the Indoor World Cup title in 2007 in Vienna, Austria. At the 2008 European Indoor Championships, Deecke was a member of the German team that lost Russia in the final, ending Germany's unbeaten run in indoor hockey.
Since 2009, Oskar Deecke has been a regular member of the German national hockey team. In that same year the team won the silver medal in the European Championship in Amsterdam, Netherlands. At the 2010 World Cup Germany finished second, losing to Australia in the final. In 2011 Oskar Deecke and the German National Team won two titles: World Champion Indoor- Hockey in Poznan/ Poland, where he was one of the top scorers and European Champion in Mönchengladbach/ Germany. In 2012 his German National Team won two titles again: European Indoor Champion and they were the Gold Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.. In 2013 he won with his team the European Championship.
As of may 13th., 2014, Deecke has played more than 166 times for the German National team, and has made 24 appearances for the indoor team.
Deecke participated in the auction for the 2013 Hockey India League, where he was bought by the Delhi Waveriders franchise. Wearing the number 7 shirt, Deecke was an integral part of the team, scoring 4 goals (as of 10 Feb 2013), and having a hand in many others.
Apprenticeship.
He finished his studies at the German Sport University in Cologne, Germany successfully in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36608160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608160" title="Christopher Wesley">
Christopher Wesley

Christopher Wesley is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608162" title="Jan-Philipp Rabente">
Jan-Philipp Rabente

Jan-Philipp Rabente is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608163" title="Tangent EMG-5">
Tangent EMG-5

The Tangent EMG-5, (Electric Motor Glider Model 5), is a proposed single-seat electric airplane designed to be certified in the US either as a FAR Part 103 compliant ultralight (no pilot's license needed in the US), as a motor glider (glider pilot license required in the US), or as an experimental amateur built airplane (private pilot license required in the US).
Design and development.
The aircraft design incorporates a pilot in prone position, retractable tricycle landing gear, folding wings, ballistic recovery parachute system, and electric propulsion motors that rotate to allow limited thrust vectoring. The thrust vectoring is intended to be used in conjunction with Fowler flaps to meet the Part 103's requirement of less than 27.6 MPH stall speed. The target price for the aircraft is approximately $20,000USD.
The EMG-5 started construction before March 2012. Flight tests were anticipated to commence in Corning, California in early 2013.
The designer of the EMG-5 had based its development under the assumption that the batteries were considered part of the fuel with regard to the FAR 103 regulations and thus not included in the aircraft's maximum empty weight of 254 pounds (115 kg). As the development of the EMG-5 progressed Tangent Aircraft was spending money on research and development at an alarming rate and felt that it was very necessary to get a definitive interpretation from the FAA to ensure that their investment would not be in vain. Unfortunately, the FAA responded that "... the weight of batteries must be included when determining the empty weight of the ultralight vehicle and that empty weight must not exceed 254 pounds." As a result, Tangent Aircraft significantly slowed development of the EMG-5 and began developing the EMG-6.

</doc>
<doc id="36608165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608165" title="Florian Fuchs">
Florian Fuchs

Florian Fuchs (born 10 November 1991 in Hamburg) is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.
Fuchs was named the IHF Young Player of the Year in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36608168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608168" title="Thilo Stralkowski">
Thilo Stralkowski

Thilo Stralkowski (born 2 May 1987 in Essen) is a German field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608169" title="Zaozerye">
Zaozerye

Zaozerye () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Arkhangelsk Oblast.
As of 2010, ten rural localities in Arkhangelsk Oblast bear this name:
Ivanovo Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Ivanovo Oblast bears this name:
Kaliningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kaliningrad Oblast bears this name:
Republic of Karelia.
As of 2010, two rural localities in the Republic of Karelia bear this name:
Kirov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kirov Oblast bears this name:
Komi Republic.
As of 2010, two rural localities in the Komi Republic bear this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kostroma Oblast bears this name:
Leningrad Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Leningrad Oblast bear this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, seven rural localities in Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Perm Krai.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Perm Krai bear this name:
Pskov Oblast.
As of 2010, eleven rural localities in Pskov Oblast bear this name:
Rostov Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Rostov Oblast bears this name:
Smolensk Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Smolensk Oblast bear this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, eight rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Vladimir Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Vladimir Oblast bears this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name:

</doc>
<doc id="36608175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608175" title="Nick Haig">
Nick Haig

Nicholas Haig (born 12 March 1987) is a New Zealand field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608178" title="Paramarsh">
Paramarsh

Paramarsh is a national level and the largest Non-Technical College Festival of Gujarat which is organized by the students of Faculty of Technology and Engineering, M.S. University, Vadodara. It is a three-day event that is held in mid-September every year drawing a crowd of about 18000 students from Gujarat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh. Started in 2001, Paramarsh now in its 13th consecutive year, is the biggest of its kind in the entire West Zone.
Introduction.
Paramarsh, Gujarat’s largest non technical event, is a three-day-long festival which focuses on development of soft skills in the college students for excellence in the corporate world. The word ‘Paramarsh’ has its roots in the Sanskrit, meaning ‘Supreme thought’. An event organized by the budding engineers of M.S. University, Paramarsh is a non-profit organization with a sole aim of instilling in students the 7 commandments for corporate excellence- ‘Leadership’, ‘Team spirit’, ‘Sportsmanship’, ‘Creativity’, ‘the spirit of adventure’, ‘the art of Oration’ and ‘Science of Deduction’.
History.
During the first few years of the new millennium, it was observed that a lot of companies who came to college campuses to recruit fresh graduates started to lay special emphasis on communication skills, confidence, spontaneous thinking, working under pressure and other such soft skills. A lack of these skills among the students affected their recruitment prospects although they possessed sound technical knowledge and ability. With a common vision to overcome this flaw among students, Paramarsh was started in the year 2001 by a group of students from the Faculty of Technology & Engineering, M.S.U., Vadodara, as an intra-college event.
Starting with just one event focusing on Group Discussion, Paramarsh today has grown to about 7 categories covering 19 different events. It has indeed come a long way from being an intra-college to a National level inter-college Non-Technical event.
Some historic events over the years have been:-
Events.
When it comes to some mind-boggling competitions and really tough battles, no one can beat Paramarsh. With 19 different events from 7 different categories, it covers the nitty gritty of being a successful corporate person. Speaking skills, entrepreneurship, Creativity, Mental Astuteness, Interpersonal skills- each and every aspect necessary for overall development are covered in this wide spectrum of events.
‘Your Say’, an Oratorical Arena, is a category which boosts the Vocabulary and Speaking skills. In that there is ‘Cat-as-Trophe’ which is a group discussion, ‘Block-N-Tackle’ is a debate, ‘The Showdown’ is a paper presentation event and ‘The lexICONS’ is an event based on vocabulary.
‘Biz- O’ Neur’, an entrepreneur hub, is a category which checks the business management and marketing skills. In that, ‘Biz Mantra’ is a state level business treasure hunt, ‘The Grey Yard’ is a Case study competition and ‘Auction House’ has Mock Bidding.
‘Paparazzi’ is the Media Galore in which there is ‘24x7 Live’, an event which covers all aspects of Media and ‘Goonj’ is a street play competition.
‘Spectros’ has variety of events with ‘9!’, a mathematical treasure hunt, ‘Wreckreation’- which checks the creativity and designing skills of the students and ‘The Prime Suspect’ is a crime scene investigation.
‘Escapade’ is an adventure safari with events like ‘Sirocco’ which checks the Survival Instincts and ‘Fantastic 4’ checks the interpersonal skills of the students.
‘I Din’ Noe That!’ is a quiz competition.
‘faNETicz’ has online events like ‘Your Tube’- a documentary film making event, ‘View Finder’, a photography event; ‘Etch-A-Sketch’ is a Doodle making competition while ‘W3 Hunt’ is an online treasure hunt.
Workshops.
Over the years, Paramarsh has conducted some excellent workshops covering a wide range of fields.
Paramarsh, for many years now, has conducted multitude of workshops on Campus Interviews and Corporate Excellence- be it ‘Campus Recruitment Training’ in 2008, ‘Campus to Corporate’ in 2011 and in 2012 it conducted ‘To Corporate Odyssey’.
Keeping in mind the demands, Paramarsh has conducted workshops on the new age dance forms. A workshop on ‘Salsa’ was conducted in 2008, on ‘Ball Room Dance’ in 2009 and on ‘B-Boying’ in 2010.
Ankit Fadia, the famous Ethical Hacker conducted a workshop on ethical hacking in 2008 whereas there was another workshop ‘Hack thy Hackers’ which was conducted by the Cyber Squad.
‘Visual FX’ in 2009, ‘3D Animation’ in 2010 and ‘Digital Sound Mixing’ in 2011 indeed gave wings to song and movie enthusiasts.
‘Tanni Rangavali’, ‘calligraphy’, ‘aero flex’, ‘3D photography’, ‘radio jockeying’, ‘disc jockeying’, ‘Glider Making’, ‘Martial Arts’, ‘Desktop Architectz’, ‘Discover Thyself’ and many more such workshops have been so far conducted by Paramarsh.
Last year (2012), Paramarsh conducted workshops like ‘The Perma-Etch’, ‘Life in Cursive’ and ‘To Corporate Odyssey’.
Interplays.
Renowned personalities have visited Paramarsh throughout its journey to inspire and encourage students from all walks of life.
Be it Chetan Bhagat who came to Paramarsh 08 for a panel discussion or Dr. Nagesh, a record holding Hypnotist who came in 2010 for ‘Comic Hypnotism’.
Numerous Seminars have been conducted by Paramarsh with the likes of- ‘abc of stock market’, ‘top gear’, ‘Comic Hypnotism’, ‘Mind Reading’, ‘Full Throttle’, ‘Sky is not the Limit’, ‘New Thinking New Possibilities’ and many more.
Last year (2012), Paramarsh also organised interplays like ‘Live Life King Size’ and ‘Soiree of Success’.
Pronites.
For many years now, Paramarsh has been a host to electrifying performances by Bombay Rockers, Agnee, Raghav Sachar, Suraj Jagan and Benny Dayal .
E-Stuff.
E-stuff or Entertainment Stuff is the on-the-spot zone of Paramarsh. These competitions are unique attractions of Paramarsh, which involve innovative and fun-filled events.
Under its banner, Paramarsh has conducted ‘Beach Football’ and ‘Wall-E-Ball’ which had been instant hit with the crowd.
Last year (2012), Paramarsh organized ‘Wall-E-Ball’ and ‘The 22nd Yard’.
Smokin’ Aces.
Paramarsh has been organizing the ‘War of the Bands’ since 2007 under the banner of ‘Smokin’ Aces’.
In 2007, Gaurav Dagaonkar, the famous IIM-A graduate was a guest performer.
In 2010, the Band 'Rubber-Band' won the competition.
In 2011, the Band 'Ecstasy' won the competition.
In 2012, the Band 'Immortal Knights' won the competition
Sanidhya.
From 2012, Paramarsh with a clear vision to raise awareness amongst the society is stepping forward through “Sanidhya- Awareness for Society”.
Sanidhya had taken up the baton of bringing the society in proximity of several subjects of life that have either been forgotten or unrealized so far. One of the several such subjects is a Group Discussion. Group Discussion is one of the most important aspects for the college student to clinch a Job. Many students face problems in their Placement Interviews, predominantly due to the lack of interpersonal skills. Group Discussion forms the crux of the Selection Criteria, be it for B-schools or for campus interview, where the students lack in presenting themselves, mainly because they have never faced anything similar in their regular academics. But unfortunately the school students aren’t even aware of this form of oratory skill. In order to fill this gap, Paramarsh had organized an event called ‘Speak to Win’ as a part of SANIDHYA, which strived to inculcate this requisite speaking skill in the school students.
Our Students had covered about 10 schools including English and Gujarati medium- viz. Reliance School, Baroda High School, Zenith School, Ambe Vidyalaya, Tejas Vidyalaya, Jeevan Sadhna, St. Kabir, Maharani School, Bright School (Ambalal Park) and Bright School (V.I.P. complex) under the purview of ‘Speak to Win’ Seminar explaining the importance of Presentation Skill and Group discussion in a student’s life. This seminar was witnessed by nearly 2000 students.
In 2013, Under the banner of SANIDHYA, Paramarsh organized a Career Counselling session- "My Career, My Choice". With colleges offering numerous courses, it is truly confusing to make a choice. For a student, choosing a career path that is far from ones’ interest & ability can cause dissatisfaction in the long run. Hence it is essential to plan a student's career from a long term perspective. Paramarsh provides you an opportunity to seek guidance from teachers from respective departments having years of experience so as to help you to make the right choice for you career.
Spark.
Spark is the souvenir of Paramarsh. Over the years, this booklet-cum-advertorial has managed to capture through words the soul of Paramarsh. Each editor of Spark has given something new to Paramarsh. It forms a very integral part of the event.
Mascots.
Encapsulating its philosophy, Paramarsh has three mascots, each depicting an inherent quality found deep within each person. It is said that a Weaver Bird makes a unique nest. Hence keeping this creativity of an otherwise simple creature in mind, Paramarsh had introduced its 3 mascots in the year 2012. They are basically 3 weaver birds depicted in 3 different forms.
Organization.
Paramarsh is a non-profit, student run organization which started back in 2001. It includes students from all the fields of engineering who run this event without any assistance of professionals or event management companies.

</doc>
<doc id="36608180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608180" title="Gear (Village Voice)">
Gear (Village Voice)

Gear is a 1969 character sketch written by Richard Goldstein that was one of a series first appearing in 1966 in the The Village Voice, a weekly New York City newspaper started in 1955 that reports news and various subjects in pop culture. Similar to short stories, character sketches in journalism became popular among 1960s writers and in this era focused on providing a realistic “picture of a "type" of person,” but differed in that sketches did not tell stories of particular individuals. Often, sketches served as warm-ups to an actual story, with light tone, mild mood and focus on a single aspect of the character type, “usually in details of status life," such as social or economic status.
Summary.
Told in third-person point of view, limited to the protagonist, "Gear" is about a mid- to late-1960s 14-year-old boy named Ronnie. Ronnie wants to be cool and accepted because he is often made fun of by his peers. The kids call him “Railroad Tracks” and “Brooklyn Bridge” for the metal braces in his mouth. He is sketched as funky looking: skinny with acne; curly, balding hair; “bent fingers;” and “a face that looks like the end of a watermelon.” At home, he feels unwanted and as though his parents take him for granted. 
Ronnie lives in vain to become more like those who are popular – those the tone implies he thinks are more desirable and attractive to the world. He buys a pair of bell-bottom pants and has his mother tailor the cuffs to look cool. Thinking the new pants will make him more of a man, he heads out with the assumption that life will be better. The style of clothing Ronnie selects is typical of the style of a 1960s mod, as he is called by the narrator. 
Narrative analysis.
Although the setting is not specified, one can assume that it is somewhere in the northeastern United States, probably New York City, as the boy’s nickname is “Brooklyn Bridge” and his pants were priced in dollars. It is stated in the story that Ronnie takes the bus to Fordham Road, a well known street in the Bronx, hometown of Goldstein. Several literary elements are used to progress the sketch, the most important being symbolism, subtext, point of view, tone and mood. The narrator speaks from a limited, third-person point of view, but is able to illuminate the scene with powerful symbols.
The tone is juvenile and impressionable, as Ronnie imagines himself in the likeness of Brian Jones, a popular, attractive icon of the 1960s hipster, and guitarist for the Rolling Stones, moving like him in the mirror and putting an unlit cigarette in his mouth and a handkerchief in his pants to look cool and feel macho.
"Silas Marner" is a book Ronnie is reading that is about a weaver, Silas, who is framed for murder by his best friend, William, after stealing from a church and getting arrested. He is then forced to leave his home town to avoid false punishment. William marries the woman with whom Silas was in a relationship. Silas works and saves up everything he earns only to have it stolen by a man named Dunstan. He is lonely and desperate for better fortune and through his lack of inclusion, feels his life is meaningless. When he takes in a child who's drug-using mother died in the snow, his life begins to change. He raises the child, who grows up to become well-respected. The child is discovered to be the illegitimate child of Dunstan's brother. Through saving the child's life and raising her to become successful, Silas is rewarded with a powerful sense of purpose in life. 
"Silas Marner" is symbolic of Ronnie’s desire to feel more wanted by others - to feel he has a purpose in life; a mission. Ironically, however, he discards the book under his bed in exchange for watching his turtle eat lettuce, a futile exchange of activity that avails little purpose. Looking into the mirror, he again compares himself to Brian Jones. He puts the bell-bottom pants on - his mother gave him money to buy them the day before as a result of a fight in which he cursed her - and fastens his “boss black boots,” "boss" being slang for "cool." His outfit is symbolic of his desire to become more accepted and have a purpose people appreciate, like Brian Jones and the cool “Reign of Terror” kids at the park who get high on glue and smoke cigarettes. They sometimes let him have the model cars with which the glue is included. Again, symbolism reappears as he takes the pants off immediately after thinking about these kids, as if doing so made the outfit subliminally less appealing - like he feels these kids are not "really" who he wants to be. 
Upon taking off the pants and hanging them on the wall, he re-engages his childlike innocence with a fistful of Oreo cookies, a glass of milk and cartoons on TV. As the sketch clomes to an end, he puts the clothes back on, symbolizing his new machismo confidence. Then he puts an old, unlit cigarette - symbolizing his desire to look cool, but reservations of 'walking the line' - in between his lips and goes out with the assumption his peers will now admire him and he will soon be "getting laid."

</doc>
<doc id="36608183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608183" title="Andy Hayward (field hockey)">
Andy Hayward (field hockey)

Andy Hayward is a New Zealand field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. He was a member of the men's team which won the bronze medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36608185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608185" title="Blair Hilton">
Blair Hilton

Blair Hilton is a New Zealand field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. 
He is best known for getting over 200 in the painstakingly frustrating game of Flappy Bird. 

</doc>
<doc id="36608188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608188" title="Henry Brewis">
Henry Brewis

Henry Brewis was born near Alnwick, Northumberland in 1932. He was one of the old style farmers, locally well known, and spent much of his life farming a mixed arable and livestock business at Hartburn, near Morpeth, Northumberland.
He began his artistic work of drawings, sketches, cartoons etc. in the 1970s and these together with his writings became very popular, and featured regularly in the farming magazines, particularly the West Cumberland Farmers Journal, regional NFU journals and Livestock Farming.
His book, Funnywayt'mekalivin' was a great success at the 1983 Smithfield Show with Henry Brewis in great demand to sign copies of the book.
He eventually sold his property on a lease-back arrangement so that he could spend more time on his side-line which by now had developed into a not so small local industry with the addition of greetings cards, decorated beer mugs and Tee shirts etc., audio tapes and prints of his cartoons. He had by this time even converted a byre into a studio.
Henry Brewis died in 2000 leaving three children and two grandchildren.
Works.
These include:-
Audio.
He also illustrated several books for other authors including Robert Allen’s Canny Bit Verse.
See also.
Geordie dialect words
Robert Allen

</doc>
<doc id="36608191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608191" title="Stephen Jenness">
Stephen Jenness

Stephen Jenness is a New Zealand field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608192" title="Hugo Inglis">
Hugo Inglis

Hugo Inglis is a New Zealand field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. He represents the Uttar Pradesh Wizards in the Hockey India League.

</doc>
<doc id="36608203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608203" title="Vincent Vanasch">
Vincent Vanasch

Vincent Vanasch (born 21 December 1987 in Evere) is a Belgian international field hockey goalkeeper. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. Vanasch became European vice-champion with Belgium at the 2013 European Championship on home ground in Boom.

</doc>
<doc id="36608205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608205" title="Xavier Reckinger">
Xavier Reckinger

Xavier Reckinger (Brussels) is a Belgian international field hockey player and trainer. He plays for Braxgata in Boom and is a defender. Before he played with the Dragons. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, with the national team he ended fifth in the men's tournament. Reckinger became European vice-champion with Belgium at the 2013 European Championship on home ground in Boom.
Reckinger is a Master in Trade Sciences (Lessius Hogeschool). He works as agent in the real estate sector and currently runs an own consultancy enterprise.

</doc>
<doc id="36608207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608207" title="Jérôme Dekeyser">
Jérôme Dekeyser

Jérôme Dekeyser (born 15 December 1983) is a Belgian international field hockey player for Braxgata in Antwerp who is usually positioned as attacker. 
At the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament; Belgium qualified for the 2008 Olympic tournament by becoming third at the European Championship in Manchester. At this 2007 European Championship, Dekeyser gave Belgium the lead for the first time against Germany by scoring the 3-2 from a penalty corner. In the first match from Belgium at the Summer Olympics in Beijing against Spain, he scored again at the event of a penalty corner. Belgium lost the game with 4-2. Eventually the Belgian team ended ninth in Beijing. In 2011 Dekeyser placed fourth with Belgium at the European Championship in Germany, and at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London they ended fifth. He became European vice-champion with Belgium at the 2013 European Championship on home ground in Boom.

</doc>
<doc id="36608208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608208" title="Questions and answers (TV Channel)">
Questions and answers (TV Channel)

The Question and answers (QAA) is a Russian cable television and direct broadcast satellite channel dedicated to game shows, music and casino game shows (only one What? Where? When?). The channel was launched on October 1, 2009.
The channel is analogue TV channels, such as "Challenge" (United Kingdom) and the GSN (United States).

</doc>
<doc id="36608210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608210" title="John-John Dohmen">
John-John Dohmen

John-John Dohmen (born 24 January 1988 in Anderlecht) is a Belgian international field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. Dohmen became European vice-champion with Belgium at the 2013 European Championship on home ground in Boom.

</doc>
<doc id="36608212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608212" title="Maxime Luycx">
Maxime Luycx

Maxime Luycx is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608213" title="Cédric Charlier">
Cédric Charlier

Cédric Charlier (Anderlecht, 27 November 1987) is a Belgian international field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament. Charlier became European vice-champion with Belgium at the 2013 European Championship on home ground in Boom.

</doc>
<doc id="36608214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608214" title="Harclay">
Harclay

Harclay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36608215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608215" title="Gauthier Boccard">
Gauthier Boccard

Gauthier Boccard is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608216" title="Jeffrey Thys">
Jeffrey Thys

Jeffrey Thys (born 14 April 1988 in Brasschaat) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36608220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608220" title="Florent van Aubel">
Florent van Aubel

Florent van Aubel (born 25 October 1991 in Ghent, Belgium) is a Belgian international field hockey player. He plays for KHC Dragons in Brasschaat as attacker. In 2010 he won the Golden Stick from the Belgian Hockey Association in the category of male junior players. In 2011 he was nominated by the International Hockey Federation (FIH) as best young player of the year. 
In 2011 Florent van Aubel participated with his club KHC Dragons at the Euro Hockey League (the field hockey equivalent for the Champions League in association football). In 2012 he also played at the Euro Hockey League and finished third. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament where Belgium ended fifth. Van Aubel became European vice-champion with Belgium at the 2013 European Championship on home ground in Boom.
Van Aubel studies Communication Sciences at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and lives in Sint-Denijs-Westrem.

</doc>
<doc id="36608222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36608222" title="Benjamin van Hove">
Benjamin van Hove

Benjamin van Hove is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed for the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
