<doc id="36770488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770488" title="Charles Boarman">
Charles Boarman

Charles Boarman (December 24, 1795 –September 13, 1879) was a career officer in the United States Navy. He entered the naval service shortly before the War of 1812 and served until 1876, subsequently retiring as a rear admiral. He held a number of important posts, both in peace and wartime, in the Mediterranean, West Indies and Brazil Squadrons and as commandant of the Brooklyn Navy Yard. He was also assigned to special duty during the American Civil War and a member of the U.S. Naval Board at Washington, DC.
After attending naval school at the Washington Navy Yard, Boarman saw service as a young midshipmen aboard the during the War of 1812 and later took part in anti-piracy operations in the early 1820s. He commanded a number of warships between 1827 and 1850, most notably, the during the Mexican-American War. In 1876, Boarman was promoted to rear admiral on the retired list and died in Martinsburg, West Virginia three years later.
He was among several of Catholic background, such as John Cassin, Patrick McDonough, and Philip C. Wederstrandt, to become high ranking naval officers in the early years of the U.S. Navy. He was also, at the time of his death, the longest serving naval officer on the Navy Register with 68 years service. The Boarman family home, the Boarman House, occupied by the family for over a century, is a state historical landmark in West Virginia.
Early life and career.
Charles Boarman was born in Bryantown, Maryland on December 24, 1795. He was the son of Mary (née Edelen; 1750–aft. 1796) and Charles Boarman, Sr. (1751–1819), a professor at Georgetown College. The Boarmans were among the oldest families in colonial Maryland. Its patriarch, Major William Boarman (1630–1709), was an officer and administrator under Lord Baltimore, first arriving in the colony in 1645, and became a major landholder in present-day Charles County. Many of Charles Boarman's relatives were in the clergy including his uncle Rev. Sylvester Boarman and distant cousins Rev. Father Edelen and Rev. Cornelius Thomas, the latter a rector of St. Anne's Church in Baltimore. Boarman's aunt Sallie Edelen was a Sister in the Poor Clares in France before having to flee the country during the Reign of Terror; four of his cousins were among the first women to enter Baltimore's Carmelite Convent.
Boarman's father was also, at one time, studying to enter the priesthood. He was educated at the Jesuit College of Liege, Belgium, and was a scholastic of the Society at the time of the suppression of the Jesuits in 1773. As a result, he was released from his vows and returned to Maryland where he met and married his future wife. The Boarman family lived on a farm in Charles County while Charles Boarman, Sr. resided at Georgetown University. In 1799, he moved the family to Georgetown where they lived in a brick house on the university grounds. After Boarman, Sr. died, the house was occupied by Mrs. Susan Decatur, widow of Captain Stephen Decatur, until her death in 1860. The property was later sold and the house was torn down; the site is now included in the university's baseball field.
The younger Charles Boarman was educated at Georgetown from 1803 to 1808. In 1811, Boarman's father wrote to Robert Brent, the mayor of Washington, D.C. and U.S. Army paymaster, asking for a letter of recommendation for his son in regards to a midshipmans commission in the United States Navy. In August of that year, on behalf of Boarman's father, Brent wrote to then United States Secretary of the Navy Paul Hamilton endorsing the commission. In addition to the father's letter was a personal application from a 16-year-old "Charley" Boarman himself.
Hamilton approved Boarman's application a day after receiving the letter. He attended instruction in the Washington Navy Yard and was under the tuition of Chaplain Andrew Hunter, a military chaplain in the Continental Army and mathematics professor in Princeton University, while in Washington. Boarman was assigned to the sloop in Baltimore upon the completion of his training in September 1813. He later served aboard the brig seeing action on Lake Ontario during the War of 1812. He was one of several Georgetown alumni, including Thomas Blackstone, William Ford, Thomas Robinson, John Rogers, and Clement Sewall to participate in the war.
Service in the Mediterranean, West Indies, and Brazil squadrons.
Boarman returned to the "Erie" at the end of the war as part of the Mediterranean Squadron and won promotion to lieutenant on March 5, 1817. After a brief time sailing with the West India Squadron on the sloop he was stationed at the Washington Navy Yard. On March 21, 1820, Boarman was married to Mary Ann "Nancy" Abell, daughter of John Abell and Sarah Forest, wealthy Virginian landowners, in Jefferson County. He soon went to sea again seeing service on (1823) and the (1824) as part of the U.S. Navy's anti-piracy operations in the West Indies. On July 24, 1824, Boarman temporarily took command of the schooner USS "Weazel" from Commodore David Porter during which time he was on convoy duty and patrolled for pirates. That summer, Boarman captured a pirate ship off the coast of Crab Island but its crew managed to escape to shore. In September, he escorted three American merchant ships from Havana, Cuba to Campeachy, and then carried $65,000 from Tampico which was to be shipped to New York. In July 1825, Boarman was one of several officers of the West Indies Squadron which testified at the naval court of inquiry and court martial of Commodore Porter.
Boarman received his first command, the USS "Weazel" (1827), and then transferred to the frigates (1828) and (1829), both flagships of the Mediterranean Squadron. In 1830, he was made executive officer of the Brazil Squadron's flagship the . In September, he took temporary command of the while Captain John Gallagher left to testify in the court martial of fellow Captain Beekman V. Hoffman of the . He went back to the "Hudson" after Gallagher's return and remained on board until 1836 when he was reassigned to the West India Squadron and given command of the schooner . On February 9, 1837, he was made a full commander, and in 1840 captained the sloop . It was during this period that Solomon H. Sanborn, master-at-arms of the "Fairfield" from 1837 to 1839, accused the ship's officers, including Boarman, of complicity in illegal coltings and floggings with cat o' nine tails by not reporting them in the ships logbook. He also alleged that Boarman used the discipline tribunal to keep a member of the crew, seaman John Smith, on board past the term of his enlistment with a court martial trial. In 1840, Sanborn published a 40-page pamphlet in New York describing his experiences, however, no charges were ever brought against any officers of the "Fairfield".
Four years later, on March 29, 1844, Boarman won his captain's commission and assumed command of the Brazil Squadron's flagship . Boarman held this command throughout the Mexican-American War and, between 1847 and 1850, embarked on a three-year voyage.
Commandant of the Brooklyn Navy Yard.
After leaving the Brazil Squadron, Boarman succeeded Captain William D. Salter as commander of the Brooklyn Navy Yard and remained in charge of the facility from October 14, 1852 to October 1, 1855. In the four-year period he and his family were stationed in Brooklyn one of his daughters, Mary Jane Boarman, began a relationship with William Henry Broome, longtime deputy collector of the New York Custom House; the two may have been introduced through Broome's brother John L. Broome who was serving as a marine lieutenant at the navy yard. They were married in a modest ceremony at the Commandant's House, officiated by Archbishop John Hughes, on October 18, 1853; the family regularly attended Sunday Mass at St. James' Cathedral, in all kinds of weather, where Boarman was a pew holder. Boarman later bought the house and lot that Mary Ann lived at in Brooklyn and, after her husband's death in 1876, left the property to her in his will.
During his tenure at the navy yard Boarman supervised the fitting out of the Japan expedition under Commodore Matthew C. Perry. In May 1855, responding to reports by the Pierce Administration of a possible filibustering expedition being headed by Henry L. Kinney, Boarman used the naval forces under his command to form a blockade around Kinney's ship moored at an East River wharf effectively blocking Kinney and associate Joseph W. Fabens from leaving New York Harbor; the two were subsequently arrested. Four months after this incident, on September 18, 1855, Boarman was placed on the reserve list, less than a month before turning over command of the yard to Captain Abraham Bigelow, holding the rank of captain.
Later career.
Boarman was recalled to duty upon the start of the American Civil War. Although he was born a southerner, and a longtime resident of Martinsburg, Virginia, he remained with the Union and supported the secession of West Virginia from Virginia proper. Two of his sons-in-law, Robert P. Bryarly and Jeremiah Harris, the latter a member of the famed Ashby's Cavalry, both served in the Confederate Army. In a letter to one of his sons, written at the start of the war, Boarman "declared his steadfast allegiance to the flag of his country, which he had sworn to defend". A slave owner through marriage to his wife, he immediately freed his slaves and "faced bravely the financial hardship that followed this act". Boarman was detained on special duty throughout the war, his "rare executive capacities peculiarly fitting him for such service", and in 1863 was appointed to the U.S. Naval Board in Washington, DC. On March 12, 1867, he was promoted to the rank of commodore. Boarman retired at the rank of rear admiral nine years later.
Boarman eventually returned to Martinsburg where he and his wife spent their final years. Charles and Mary Ann Boarman had originally lived in Maryland before moving to Martinsburg to raise their family; they had 13 children together, however, only 10 survived to adulthood. In March 1870, the couple celebrated their 50th wedding anniversary. Mary Ann Boarman died on September 26, 1875. Mary Ann, who converted to Catholicism to marry her husband, was an active member of the local diocese, St. Joseph's Catholic Church, and spent much of her time involved in charities to help the sick and the poor while Charles Boarman was away at sea. Her loss was mourned by the townspeople with one writing: "In her death we lose one of our most charitable citizens; she will be missed by very many of the poor of Martinsburg; she was always seeking the sick and administering to their wants. She was truly an angel of mercy and charity and a strict and consistent member of the church". Boarman was also involved in church activities and, when their children were younger, wrote to a local convent asking the Mother Superior for Nuns to teach the Catholic children of Martinsburg.
Boarman died in Martinsburg on September 13, 1879. Boarman was survived by ten children, four sons and six daughters, including frontier physician Dr. Charles Boarman (1828–1880) who was among the first pioneers to settle in present-day Amador County, California. Two of his daughters also married into prominent families; Susan Martha Boarman married Virginia landowner Jeremiah Harris and Mary Jane Boarman became the wife of William Henry Broome, deputy collector of the New York Custom House. His grandson Dr. Charles Boarman Harris (1857–1942), a well known pioneer physician in northeastern Minnesota and the Dakota Territory, helped establish the oldest settlement in the state North Dakota. Andrew "Andy" F. Boarman (1910–1999), a popular banjo and bluegrass musician, was the great-grandson of Charles Boarman.
At the time of his death Boarman had been the longest serving officer in the U.S. Navy Register, with over 68 years of service, and the U.S. Naval Department issued a special general order to recognize his passing.
Boarman House.
The Boarman family home, commonly known as the Boarman House, is an historical landmark in the state of West Virginia. It is one of the oldest brick buildings in downtown Martinsburg and part of the city's walking tour of Civil War landmarks. Originally built by Philip Nadenbousch, it was purchased by Lieutenant Charles Boarman in 1832 and remained in the Boarman family for over a century before being sold to the King’s Daughters Circle in December 1943, and then to the Sisters of the Holy Ghost in 1953; the building was used for apartments and various offices, including an employment office for returning World War II servicemen, during this time. It was purchased in 1980 by West Virginia nonprofit corporation Associates for Community Development and, after extensive restorations, housed the Boarman Arts Center and the Martinsburg-Berkeley County Convention and Visitors Bureau from 1987 to 2001; the building featured Boarman's navigator's log and two portraits, one when he bought the house as a young lieutenant and the other as an older officer. In October 2005, the house was sold to a Leesburg, Virginia couple, Chester and Jeanne Martin, who planned to turn it into the city's first bed and breakfast.

</doc>
<doc id="36770492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770492" title="History of rugby union matches between Wales and the Barbarians">
History of rugby union matches between Wales and the Barbarians

Wales and the Barbarians have only played each other nine times, with Wales winning on three occasions. Most of the matches are played at home for Wales, playing at the Cardiff Arms Park and, after 1999, the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff. Wales v Barbarians was the first ever match in the Barbarians' history. This match was won by the Barbarians at a score of 26–10.

</doc>
<doc id="36770501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770501" title="2012 (EP)">
2012 (EP)

2012 is an EP by grime supergroup Ruff Sqwad. It was released on 24 January 2012 by Takeover Entertainment as a free downloadable EP prior to the release of Ruff Sqwad's third solo studio album, "Guns and Roses Volume. 3".
The EP's cover art is a cyberart image of interstellar medium and estrasolar system coordinates, formatted curvilinear coordinates in grey with the color blue as a background.
The "2012 EP" is marked as the group's build up to their third studio album, "Guns and Roses Volume. 3", due to be released near the end of 2012 on Takeover Entertainment.
Background and recording.
The "2012 EP", came after the success of the song 'Mario Balotelli', which was included on Tinchy Stryder's fifth extended play, "The Wish List". Ruff Sqwad recorded 12 tracks with the sounds having Tinchy Stryder written all over them, and has been compared to Tinchy Sttryder's second studio album "Catch 22".
Collaborations.
In the "2012 EP", Ruff Sqwad collaborated with JME of Boy Better Know and D Double E of the Newham Generals.
Reception.
The MTV News stated that with the 2012 EP, "nobody likes change, and it seems like they’ve stuck to a formula that they know works. So, regardless of the fact that it may sound a little 2010/11, it’s a sturdy offering scattered with beats that will make you bop your head and lyrics that will make you rewind from time to time".

</doc>
<doc id="36770509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770509" title="List of historic places in Nova Scotia">
List of historic places in Nova Scotia

The list of historic places in the province of Nova Scotia contains heritage sites listed on the Canadian Register of Historic Places (CRHP), all of which are designated as historic places either locally, provincially, federally or by more than one level of government. 
The list has been divided by county and regional municipality boundaries for reasons of length. See separate lists for the following geographic divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="36770514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770514" title="Ganbare Nippon">
Ganbare Nippon

Activities.
Ganbare Nippon has participated in a number of demonstrations and actions concerning right-wing issues.
Protests against Democratic Party of Japan.
In January 2011 the group organized a protest against the ruling Democratic Party of Japan. Around 1900 people joined the event calling on the DPJ to step down. Several lawmakers attended, including Takeo Hiranuma, head of the Sunrise Party of Japan.
Protest against Yomiuri Shimbun.
In January 2012 it protested against the conservative Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper. The Yomiuri had editorialized in favor of the Imperial succession being opened to female members of the Imperial family.
Senkaku Islands flag-raising.
Following a visit to the disputed Senkaku Islands by a group of 14 Hong Kong pro-China activists, five of whom went ashore, who were deported by Japan without being charged. Ganbare Nippon arranged an unauthorized visit to the Senkakus. 
About 150 people on about 20 boats left Ishigaki Island in Okinawa Prefecture and sailed to the island to hold a service for Japanese who died near the Senkakus during World War Two.
After the service ten people swam ashore, five of those who swam ashore were from the organizing group and five were local assembly members from Tokyo, Hyōgo Prefecture, Suginami and Arakawa Wards in Tokyo, and Toride in Ibaraki Prefecture. They raised several Hinomaru flags after landing. Tamogami said: "With the Chinese activists just having landed, this is a way of telling them not to mess around. We hope to convey to both China and to Japanese people, through the media, or whatever means, that the Senkakus are our territory.” The flotilla arrival at the archipelago set off anti-Japanese rallies in more than 25 Chinese cities, Chinese protestors overturned Japanese-branded cars and smashed windows of Japanese-themed businesses.
Protest against Chinese protests.
Japan formally nationalized the three Senkaku islands that had been held in the ownership of Kunioki Kurihara. Substantial Chinese protests followed, and on 18 September 2012, Ganbare Nippon organized an anti-Chinese counterprotest in Tokyo which was attended by about 50 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36770517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770517" title="Reformed Church, Lompirt">
Reformed Church, Lompirt

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Lompirt, Romania, completed in 1777.

</doc>
<doc id="36770578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770578" title="Renwick Dam">
Renwick Dam

Renwick Dam (National ID # ND00054) is a dam in Akra Township, Pembina County, North Dakota, USA, in the northeastern corner of the state.
The earthen dam was completed in 1962 at a height of and a length of at its crest. It impounds the Tongue River for flood control and recreation. Both dam and reservoir are owned and operated by the Pembina County Water Resource District.
The reservoir it creates, Lake Renwick, has a water surface of , a maximum capacity of 8400 acre-feet, and normal storage of 1226 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing and visiting the adjacent Icelandic State Park, established to preserve evidence of the Icelandic heritage in North Dakota.
2013 flood.
On May 19–21, 2013, a major rainstorm dropped from 5 to nearly 10 inches of rain on southwest Pembina county causing streams and rivers to overflow their banks. The pool level behind Renwick rose at a clip of nearly 6" per hour on 21 May which led the city of Cavalier, approximately six miles east of the dam, to be evacuated due to concerns about the structural integrity of an emergency levee built over the dam. Local contractors built an 8 foot high, 300 foot wide levee on top the existing emergency spillway in hopes of staving off a disastrous dam failure which couldflood the downstream towns of Akra, Cavalier, and Bathgate.

</doc>
<doc id="36770603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770603" title="History of rugby union matches between England and the Barbarians">
History of rugby union matches between England and the Barbarians

England and the Barbarians have played each other a total of 14 times to date, with each team winning seven matches. All 14 matches have been played at Twickenham Stadium in London, but none have been awarded test status by the RFU.

</doc>
<doc id="36770625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770625" title="Reformed Church, Valea Pomilor">
Reformed Church, Valea Pomilor

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Valea Pomilor, Romania, completed in the 18th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36770630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770630" title="Culture of Arkansas">
Culture of Arkansas

The Culture of Arkansas is a subculture of the Southern United States that has come from blending heavy amounts of various European settlers culture with the culture of African slaves and Native Americans. Southern culture remains prominent in the rural Arkansas delta and south Arkansas. The Ozark Mountains and the Ouachita Mountains retain their historical mount. Arkansans share a history with the other Southern States that includes the institution of slavery, the American Civil War, Reconstruction, the Great Depression, segregation, and the Civil Rights Movement.
On a more abstract level, Arkansas's culture can be seen and heard in her literature, music, sports, film, television and art. Arkansas is known for such authors as John Gould Fletcher, John Grisham, Charlaine Harris, and Maya Angelou; for musicians and bands such a Johnny Cash and Charlie Rich; for interest in football, hunting and fishing; for the films and television shows filmed in the state and the actors and actresses from Arkansas; and for the art created by Arkansans and inspired by the state of Arkansas.
People.
The people of Arkansas are stereotyped both by their manners and for being highly religious. Language in Arkansas is a combination of several different sub-dialects of Southern American English found across the state. The state's culture is also influenced by her economy. Finally, Arkansas's cuisine is integral to her culture with such foods as barbecue, traditional country cooking, fried catfish and chicken, wild duck, rice, purple hull peas, okra, apples, tomatoes and grits being part of the people of Arkansas's diet and economy.
Reputation of Arkansas.
The stereotype, frequently characterized by a lazy, rural, poor, banjo-playing, racist, cousin-marrying hick is commonly applied to Arkansas and her residents. Arkansas's hillbilly reputation, and her citizen's defensiveness on the subject, are a very important piece of Arkansas's culture. Many Arkansans defend the state from this image, yet others embrace it. The Old State House Museum currently houses an exhibit regarding the state's reputation. The image of the state is derived from whites from the Ozarks, yet the image has been applied to the Arkansas Delta and across the state. "The Beverly Hillbillies", a sitcom in which poor Ozark residents moved to California, is a typical example of the hillbilly image applied to the Ozarks, an image closely related to that of Arkansas.
Origins.
The present day image of Arkansas has evolved from early diary entries written by the first visitors to the state. During the frontier period, many were exploring the new western extents of the United States and sending their findings back east. Henry Schoolcraft, George William Featherstonhaugh, and Henry Merrill were some of Arkansas's earliest detractors. Their accounts described the state as a backwater full of savages and outlaws. The travelers also commented on the self-sufficient nature and the wide range of survival skills possessed by the denizens of frontier Arkansas. This characterization was common among frontier states, but since geography prevented travelers from passing through Arkansas in subsequent years, the early commentary held in the public consciousness.
The image continued to grow when southwestern humor publications played on the backwardsness of poor whites, especially in hill country. The most enduring icon of Arkansas's hillbilly reputation is the "The Arkansas Traveller", a painted depiction of a folk tale from the 1840s. The tale involves gubernatorial candidate Archibald Yell and his party of politicians becoming lost in the Ozarks on a campaign trip and resorting to asking for directions at a squatter's cabin. The man continues to play his banjo and evade the traveler's questions before feeding the party and allowing them to stay the night. Although intended to represent the divide between rich southeastern plantation Arkansas planters and the poor northwestern hill country, the meaning was twisted to represent a Northerner lost in the Ozarks on a white horse asking a backwoods Arkansan for directions. The legend continued to grow, including a play named Kit, the Arkansas Traveler and the publication of a humor journal named the "Arkansaw Traveler".
Racial component.
Another component of Arkansas's image is a history of racism and racial violence. Arkansas is given the stigma common to the former slave states of the Confederacy. The presence of the Ku Klux Klan following the Civil War and events such as the Elaine Race Riot continued to affirm the reputation for racism. The Little Rock Nine crisis at Central High School in Little Rock defined the state for many years as resistant to integration and renewed the stereotype for many. The Little Rock Nine and similar events are often the only references to the state in history books, thus forming the opinions of many and perpetuating the reputation.
Southern dialect in Arkansas.
Many Arkansans speak with a Southern dialect or accent, although it is generally characterized as an Upper South accent similar to that of Oklahoma and Texas in contrast to the accent of the Deep South. The accent is an important method for Arkansans to identify themselves with the Southern culture, and is commonly used by those from other regions to link Arkansas to the illiterate, uneducated Southern stereotype.
Anecdotes of Northern accent-holders disrespecting and dismissing the intelligence of those with Southern dialects are largely the result of popular culture's portrayal of the South, including "Gone With the Wind", "The Beverly Hillbillies", and "Deliverance". Rosina Lippi, author and holder of a PhD in linguistics, has commented that Northerners use the link to ignorant, lazy Southerners to denigrate the South. Since Southerners are a group connected by a common culture and history rather than a race defined by ethnic characteristics, the North uses the Southern accent to appeal to stereotypes of the region that are otherwise uncomfortable topics, such as racism. The belittlement of Southern dialect speakers has been effective to the point at which classes on losing one's Southern accent are offered for those looking to move and work in the North.
Arts.
Architecture.
The architecture of Arkansas varies wildly, whether one is looking across the street, across the city, or across the state. Architecture can be divided into two main branches: folk houses and structures in a traditional sense and buildings built in a specific style to follow a trend or explore a new style.
The historical timeline of architecture in Arkansas is similar to that of the nation. Throughout the 1800s three styles vied for dominance: French Colonial, Federal, and Greek Revival, however many structures built during this period do not exist today. Gothic Revival, Italianate, and Second Empire became en vogue during the late 1800s. Later structures near the turn of the century frequently modeled the Queen Anne and Romanesque Revival styles. Charles L. Thompson became very active in Arkansas in the late 1800s and into the next century. His firm designed over 2,000 buildings in the state and was at the forefront of architecture in Arkansas for many years. Today 143 of his firm's older works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A variety of architectural styles became popular in Arkansas in the 20th century, including American Craftsman, Classic Revival, Colonial Revival, Prairie School, Tudor Revival, and later Art Moderne, and Art Deco. E. Fay Jones began producing works of organic architecture, including Thorncrown Chapel and Mildred B. Cooper Memorial Chapel and several homes in northwest Arkansas. Most recent buildings in Arkansas have been constructed in modern style.
Early settlers began by fabricating log structures and shacks using available materials.
Literature.
Early literature about Arkansas shortly after statehood in 1836 describes Arkansas as a savage backwater populated by lazy farmers and unintelligent slaves. Arkansas was also frequently the subject of Southwest humor pieces, a genre in which exaggeration and hyperbole is used for comedic effect. Some of these images stuck in the public conscience, and are partially responsible for the "Arkansas hillbilly" stereotype still commonly applied today. Literature from Arkansas natives often bears the mark of the state's varied geography. The culture of rural Arkansas towns is reflected in works like "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings" by Mya Angelou (based in Stamps, Arkansas) and John Grisham's "A Painted House" (based in Black Oak, Arkansas). The University of Arkansas Press is the state's largest publisher.
Performing arts.
The state of Arkansas has many theaters for the performance arts, including the Walton Arts Center in Fayetteville, the Robinson Center in Little Rock, and the King Opera House in Van Buren. The Arkansas Arts Council supports a group of touring performers as well as providing financial support for the performing arts. Arkansas Repertory Theatre, based in Little Rock, is the state's largest non-profit theater company. Northwest Arkansas also has a regional theater company, TheatreSquared, the region's only year-round theater. TheatreSquared has received recognition from the American Theatre Wing and focuses on youth arts education in addition to their 100+ performances annually.
Little Rock hosts the Arkansas Repertory Theatre as well as the Arkansas Symphony Orchestra and Ballet Arkansas. The Arkansas Arts Center in downtown Little Rock is the state's premier arts center, including permanent works by Rembrandt, Pablo Picasso, and Edgar Degas. Across the Arkansas River, the Argenta Arts District contains a community theatre as well as studios and galleries.
Folk music and traditional Ozark performances are available at Ozark Folk Center State Park in Mountain View.
Museums.
The museums in Arkansas display and preserve the culture of Arkansas for future generations. From fine art to history, Arkansas museums are available throughout the state. The most popular museum in Arkansas is Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in Bentonville, with 604,000 visitors in 2012, its first year. The museum is near the Downtown Bentonville and includes walking trails and educational opportunities in addition to displaying over 450 works covering five centuries of American art. Other art museums in Arkansas include the Arkansas Arts Center in Little Rock and South Arkansas Arts Center in El Dorado.
History museums interpret the history of the state for Arkansans and tourists, and are located across the state. The National Park Service (NPS) maintains sixteen properties in the state, as well as Arkansas Post National Memorial, which preserves the history of the first European settlement in Arkansas. The NPS also offers historical museums at Bathhouse Row, Central High School National Historic Site, Fort Smith National Historic Site, and Pea Ridge National Military Park. The Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism operates the Delta Cultural Center in Helena-West Helena and the Arkansas Museum of Natural Resources in Smackover. The department also runs eight historic state parks: Hampson Archeological Museum State Park, Jacksonport State Park, Lower White River Museum State Park, Davidsonville Historic State Park, Historic Washington State Park, Parkin Archeological State Park, Powhatan Historic State Park, and Toltec Mounds Archeological State Park. History museums such as the Grant County Museum in Sheridan, Headquarters House Museum in Fayetteville, Lakeport Plantation near Lake Village, and the Shiloh Museum of Ozark History in Springdale seek to preserve pieces of local and regional significance.
Sports.
Sports are an integral part of the culture of Arkansas, and her residents enjoy participating and spectating various events throughout the year. One of the oldest sports in Arkansas is hunting. The large supply and cheap production of guns following the Civil War made it possible for many Arkansans to hunt with other men in camps. These hunting parties often roamed across the wilderness, eating well and imbibing frequently. The state created the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission in 1915 to regulate and enforce hunting. Today a significant portion of Arkansas's population participates in hunting animals such as duck and deer. Tourists also come to the state to hunt game. Fishing has always been popular in Arkansas. The sport and the state have benefited from the creation of reservoirs across Arkansas. Following the completion of Norfork Dam, the Norfork Tailwater and the White River have become a destination for trout fishers. Several smaller retirement communities such as Bull Shoals, Hot Springs Village, and Fairfield Bay have flourished due to their position on a fishing lake. The Buffalo National River has been preserved in its natural state by the National Park Service and is frequented by fly fishers annually.
Football, especially collegiate football, has always been important to Arkansans. College football in Arkansas began from humble beginnings. The University of Arkansas first fielded a team in 1894 when football was a very dangerous game. Many attempts to regulate violence and use of ringers plagued the sport early on. Calling the Hogs is a cheer that shows support for the Razorbacks, one of the two FBS teams in the state. High school football also began to grow in Arkansas in the early 20th century. Over the years, many Arkansans have looked to the Razorbacks football team as the public image of the state. Following the Little Rock Nine integration crisis at Little Rock Central High School, Arkansans looked to the successful Razorback teams in the following years to repair the state's reputation. Although the University of Arkansas is based in Fayetteville, the Razorbacks have always played at least two games per season at War Memorial Stadium in Little Rock in an effort to keep fan support in central and south Arkansas. Arkansas State University joined the Football Bowl Subdivision along with the University of Arkansas in 1992 after playing in lower divisions for decades. However, the two schools have never played each other, due to the University of Arkansas' policy of not playing intrastate games. Six of Arkansas's smaller colleges play in the Great American Conference, with University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff playing in the Southwestern Athletic Conference and University of Central Arkansas competing in the Southland Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="36770655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770655" title="James Cantwell">
James Cantwell

James "Jim" Cantwell (born October 25, 1966) is the Massachusetts State Representative for the 4th Plymouth district, which represents Marshfield and precincts 1, 2, 4, 5, & 6 of Scituate. Cantwell has held this seat since 2008.
Education and early career.
Cantwell, a native of Marshfield, graduated from Marshfield High School in 1984. He completed his undergraduate degree from Boston College in 1988. He received a degree from Boston College Law School in 1994.
After graduating from law school, Cantwell served as an assistant district attorney for Norfolk county. He was also elected to the Board of Selectmen in Marshfield in 1996, and held that position for three years. After his tenure at the Norfolk county District Attorney's office, Cantwell took a position as a staff attorney for United States Representative William Delahunt. 
Cantwell is also a co-owner and partner of Graeber, Davis and Cantwell, a small general-practice law firm in Quincy, Massachusetts.
State Representative.
Cantwell made his first bid for the State House in 2000 after his tenure as a Marshfield selectman. Cantwell was the Democratic candidate for the Plymouth and Norfolk State Senate seat, running against Republican incumbent Robert L. Hedlund. Cantwell was defeated in that race. Cantwell then ran for the 4th Plymouth State Representative seat in 2008 following the retirement of the incumbent, Democrat Frank Hynes. Cantwell won a 3-way primary race to face Marshfield independent candidate John Valianti in the general election. Cantwell won the election with 58% of the vote. He was also reelected in 2010 and is a candidate for that seat again in 2012.
As a State Representative, Cantwell sits on the House Committee on Bonding, Capital Expenditures and State Assets, the Joint Committee on Revenue, and the Joint Committee on Financial Services. His legislative achievements include helping to create the Seafood-Marketing Committee and helping to get the Department of Transportation to begin a widening project for Route 139 in Marshfield. Cantwell also voted for the 2011 casino gaming bill.

</doc>
<doc id="36770672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770672" title="Macksburg Lutheran Church">
Macksburg Lutheran Church

Macksburg Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran church located in Canby, Oregon, United States. The church was built between 1892 and 1894, in order to serve the needs of German-speaking immigrants from Germany and Austria. Historically, the church offered sermons and Sunday school in both the German and English languages, on an alternating basis.
Macksburg Lutheran Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 14, 1982.
Currently Services are being held at 10:00 AM on Sundays.

</doc>
<doc id="36770677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770677" title="Frederick Holman">
Frederick Holman

Frederick Holman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36770698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770698" title="Last surviving Confederate veterans">
Last surviving Confederate veterans

The final veterans of the Confederate States armed forces died in the 1950s. There were a number of claimants to the title. 
Most cases are questionable, though many Confederate records were destroyed or lost to history. Unlike the U.S. military archives, the Confederate records had no official archive system after the war. However, for most of the cases investigated, the ages of the claimants alone were enough to prove their claim was false. Walter Williams was generally acknowledged as the "last Confederate veteran" in 1950s newspapers. However, in September 1959 an exposé by "The New York Times" revealed that he was in fact born in 1854 in Itawamba County, Mississippi, and not 1842 as claimed. Still, since Salling and all the other claimants were dead, Williams was celebrated as the last Confederate veteran after his death on 19 December 1959.
Salling's own status is disputed. In 1991, William Marvel examined the claims of Salling and several other "last Civil War veterans" for a piece in the Civil War history magazine "Blue & Gray." Marvel found census data that indicated Salling was born in 1858, not 1846. Although in 1900 Salling supplied a birthdate of March 1858, he appears to have been born around 1856, still too late to have served in the Confederate Army. The 1860 census lists him as 4 years old, and the 1870 census as 14. William Lundy is listed as 1 year old on the 1860 census, and from 1870 until 1930 he gave census marshals ages that reflected birthdates as early as 1853 and as late as 1860. He did not push his birthdate back to the 1840s until he applied for a Confederate pension from the state of Florida. In the same piece, Marvel confirmed Woolson's claim to be the last surviving Union veteran and asserted that Woolson was the last genuine Civil War veteran on either side. However, Marvel did not present research establishing who, among the several other Confederate claims from the 1950s, some of which appear to be genuine, was the real last Confederate veteran.

</doc>
<doc id="36770702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770702" title="Photoactivated localization microscopy">
Photoactivated localization microscopy

Photo-activated localization microscopy (PALM or fPALM)
and stochastic optical reconstruction microscopy (STORM) are widefield (as opposed to point scanning techniques such as laser scanning confocal microscopy) fluorescence microscopy imaging methods that allow obtaining images with a resolution beyond the diffraction limit. The methods were proposed in 2006 in the wake of a general emergence of optical super-resolution microscopy methods, and were featured as Methods of the Year for 2008 by the "Nature Methods" journal.
The development of PALM as a targeted biophysical imaging method was largely prompted by the discovery of new species and the engineering of mutants of fluorescent proteins displaying a controllable photochromism, such as Photo-activatable GFP. However, the concomitant development of STORM, sharing the same fundamental principle, originally made use of paired cyanine dyes.
One molecule of the pair (called activator), when excited near its absorption maximum, serves to reactivate the other molecule (called reporter) to the fluorescent state.
A growing number of dyes are used for PALM, STORM and related techniques, both organic fluorophores and fluorescent proteins. Some are compatible with live cell imaging, others allow faster acquisition or denser labeling. The choice of a particular fluorophore ultimately depends on the application and on its underlying photophysical properties.
Both techniques have undergone significant technical developments, in particular allowing multicolor imaging and the extension to three dimensions, with the best current axial resolution of 10 nm in the third dimension obtained using an interferometric approach with two opposing objectives collecting the fluorescence from the sample.
Principle.
Conventional fluorescence microscopy is performed by selectively staining the sample with fluorescent molecules, either linked to antibodies as in immunohistochemistry or using fluorescent proteins genetically fused to the genes of interest. Typically, the more concentrated the fluorophores, the better the contrast of the fluorescence image.
A single fluorophore can be visualized under a microscope (or even under the naked eye ) if the number of photons emitted is sufficiently high, and in contrast the background is low enough. The two dimensional image of a point source observed under a microscope is an extended spot, corresponding to the Airy disk (a section of the Point Spread Function) of the imaging system. 
The ability to identify as two individual entities two closely spaced fluorophores is limited by the diffraction of light. This is quantified by Abbe’s criterion, stating that the minimal distance that allows resolving two point sources is given by
formula_1
where formula_2 is the wavelength of the fluorescent emission and NA is the numerical aperture of the microscope. The theoretical resolution limit at the shortest practical excitation wavelength is around 150 nm in the lateral dimension and approaching 400 nm in the axial dimension (if using an objective having a numerical aperture of 1.40 and the excitation wavelength is 400 nm).
However, if the emission from the two neighboring fluorescent molecules is made distinguishable, i.e. the photons coming from each of the two can be identified, then it is possible to overcome the diffraction limit. Once a set of photons from a specific molecule is collected, it forms a diffraction limited spot in the image plane of the microscope. The center of this spot can be found by fitting the observed emission profile to a known geometrical function, typically a Gaussian function in two dimensions. The error that is made in localizing the center of a point emitter scales to a first approximation as the inverse square root of the number of emitted photons, and if enough photons are collected it is easy to obtain a localization error much smaller than the original point spread function.
The two steps of identification and localization of individual fluorescent molecules in a dense environment where many are present are at the basis of PALM, STORM and their development.
Although many approaches to molecular identification exist, the light induced photochromism of selected fluorophores developed as the most promising approach to distinguish neighboring molecules by separating their fluorescent emission in time. By turning on stochastically sparse subsets of fluorophores with light of a specific wavelength, individual molecules can then be excited and imaged according to their spectra. To avoid the accumulation of active fluorophores in the sample, which would eventually degrade back to a diffraction limited image, the spontaneously occurring phenomenon of photobleaching is exploited in PALM, whereas reversible switching between a fluorescent on-state and a dark off-state of a dye is exploited in STORM.
In summary, PALM and STORM are based on collecting under a fluorescent microscope a large number of images each containing just a few active isolated fluorophores.
The imaging sequence allows for the many emission cycles necessary to stochastically activate each fluorophore from a non-emissive (or less emissive) state to a bright state, and back to a non-emissive or bleached state. During each cycle, the density of activated molecules is kept low enough that the molecular images of individual fluorophores do not typically overlap.
Localization of individual fluorophores.
In each image of the sequence, the position of a fluorophore is calculated with a precision typically greater than the diffraction limit - in the typical range of a few to tens of nm - and the resulting information of the position of the centers of all the localized molecules is used to build up the super-resolution PALM or STORM image.
The localization precision formula_3 can be calculated according to the formula:
formula_4
where N is the number of collected photons, a is the pixel size of the imaging detector, formula_5 is the average background signal and formula_6 is the standard deviation of the Point Spread Function.
The requirement of localizing at the same time multiple fluorophores simultaneously over an extended area determines the reason why these methods are wide-field, employing as a detector a CCD, EMCCD or a CMOS camera.
The requirement of an enhanced signal to noise ratio to maximize localization precision determines the frequent combination of this concept with widefield fluorescent microscopes allowing optical sectioning, such as Total Internal Reflection Microscopes or Light Sheet Microscopy.
The super-resolution image.
The resolution of the final image is limited by the precision of each localization and the number of localizations, instead of by diffraction. The super resolution image is therefore a pointillistic representation of the coordinates of all the localized molecules. The super resolution image is commonly rendered by representing each molecule in the image plane as a two dimensional Gaussian with amplitude proportional to the number of photons collected, and the standard deviation depending on the localization precision.
Applications.
Multicolor PALM/STORM.
The peculiar photophysical properties of the fluorophores employed in PALM/STORM super resolution imaging pose both constraints and opportunities for multicolor imaging.
Three strategies have emerged so far: excitation of spectrally separated fluorophores 
using an emission beamsplitter, using of multiple activators/reporters in STORM mode and ratiometric imaging of spectrally close fluorophores. Recently, dual color PALM was used to demonstrate the insertion of mutant desmin molecules into intermediate filaments.
3D in PALM and STORM.
Although originally developed as 2D (x, y) imaging methods, PALM and STORM have quickly developed into 3D (x,y, z) capable techniques. To determine the axial position of a single fluorophore in the sample the following approaches are currently being used: modification of the point spread function to introduce z-dependent features in the 2D (x,y) image (the most common approach is to introduce astigmatism in the PSF); multiplane detection, where the axial position is determined by comparing two images of the same PSF defocused one with respect to the other; interferometric determination of the axial position of the emitter using two opposed objectives and multiple detectors; use of temporal focusing to confine the excitation/activation; use of light sheet excitation/activation to confine to a few hundred nanometers thick layer arbitrarily positioned along the z-plane within the sample.
Live cell imaging.
The requirement for multiple cycles of activation, excitation and de-activation/bleaching would typically imply extended periods of time to form a PALM/STORM image, and therefore operation on a fixed sample. A number of works have been published as early as 2007 performing PALM/STORM on live cells.
The ability to perform live super-resolution imaging using these techniques ultimately depends on the technical limitations of collecting enough photons from a single emitter in a very short time. This depends both on the photophysical limitations of the probe as well as on the sensitivity of the detector employed. Relatively slow (seconds to tens of seconds) processes such as modification in the organization of focal adhesions have been investigated by means of PALM, whereas STORM has allowed imaging of faster processes such as membrane diffusion of clathrin coated pits or mitochondrial fission/fusion processes.
A promising application of live cell PALM is the use of photoactivation to perform high-density single-particle tracking (sptPALM ), overcoming the traditional limitation of single particle tracking to work with systems displaying a very low concentration of fluorophores.
Differences between PALM and STORM.
PALM and STORM share a common fundamental principle, and numerous developments have tended to make the two techniques even more intertwined. Still, they differ in several technical details and a fundamental point. 
On the technical side, PALM is performed on a biological specimen using endogenously expressed fluorophores, in the form of genetic fusion constructs to a photoactivatable fluorescent protein. STORM instead uses immunolabeling of the sample with antibodies tagged with organic fluorophores. 
In both cases the fluorophores are driven by light between an active-ON and an inactive-OFF state. In PALM, however, photoactivation and photobleaching confine the life of the fluorophore to a limited interval of time, and a continuous emission of the fluorophore is desirable in between without any fluorescence intermittency. In STORM stochastic photoblinking of the organic fluorophores (typically brighter than fluorescent proteins) was originally exploited to separate neighboring dyes. In this respect, the more robust the blinking, the higher the probability of distinguishing two neighbouring fluorophores.
In this respect, several research works have explored the potential of PALM to perform a quantitation of the number of fluorophores (and therefore proteins of interest) present in a sample by counting the activated fluorophores 
. The approach used to treat the fluorescent dynamics of the fluorescent label used in the experiments will determine the final appearance of the super-resolution image, and the possibility of determining an unambiguous correspondence between a localization event and a protein in the sample.

</doc>
<doc id="36770710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770710" title="The Life and Adventures of Remus">
The Life and Adventures of Remus

Life and Adventures of Remus - the Kashubian Mirror (Kashubian title Żëce i przigodë Remusa - Zvjercadło kaszubskji) is a novel written in the Kashubian language by Dr. Aleksander Majkowski (1876–1938). The linguist Gerald Green regards "Life and Adventures of Remus" as the Kashubian language's only novel; while theirs is more a scholarly judgement than an objective truth, the preeminence of "Life And Adventures" to Kashubian literature is undeniable. Although Dr. Majkowski was a prolific author and wrote on a wide range of Kashubian topics, "Life and Adventures" is considered his master work. Dr. Majkowski worked on "Life and Adventures" from his college days on, and the novel was only published in its three-book entirety shortly after his 1938 death.
Plot summary.
Book 1 "At the Pustkowie" (chapters 1-15) Chapter 1 consists of an introduction delivered by an unknown narrator, who stumbles upon Remus's memoirs. From the second chapter on, Remus himself is the narrator. As a young orphan growing up in the "pustkowie" (a forest clearing), Remus is cheerful and fulfilled despite all the hard work and a speech impediment which makes him practically incomprehensible. He is troubled, as he grows up, by visions of a young queen and a ruined castle. On the threshold of maturity, he assumes that he will marry his loving and beloved Marta and spend a happy life working in the pustkowie. However, he is summoned to the deathbed of the pustkowie's master, old Pan Jozef Zoblocczi. Pan Jozef informs Remus that his own time as defender of Kashubian culture is over, and that he, Remus, must take up the task. Remus pleads his inability and unworthiness, but when Pan Jozef invokes the young queen and the ruined castle, Remus must accept. In Chapter 15, turning his back on the pustkowie and his beloved Marta, Remus begins his long life of service to Kashubia.
Book 2 "In Freedom and In Captivity" (chapters 16-30) Remus acquires a single-wheeled wheelbarrow, which he fills with Kashubian books and Catholic devotional items. These he sells for a nominal price as he wanders to and from various village and county fairs. Now grown tall and gawky, he cuts a strange and sometimes frightening figure; with his comical sidekick Trąba he gets into various adventures. The most important of these adventures concerns The King of the Lake, another Kashubian patriot who comes to a bad end. At the end of this book, Remus is put into jail by the Germans.
Book 3 "Smętek" (chapters 31-45) Freed from prison and reunited with Trąba, Remus has further adventures. In Chapters 32-33, they meet the patriotic Kashubian priest Father Krause and laugh when the Germans arrest Lutheran pastor Krauze by mistake. In Chapter 36, subtitled "Remus and Trąba in Hell," they visit a Kashubian nobleman's castle, where a learned but roguish house guest named "Derda" scares poor Trąba into thinking the nobleman is actually the Devil. The struggle with the real Devil's emissary, a lawyer named Smętek, takes up the rest of the book. Even when Remus is granted a short time of happiness, it is followed by grief and shame. He dies alone, believing that Smętek has triumphed. But the narrator from Chapter 1 returns, to report that Remus's grave bears a cross inscribed "Remus - Kashubian Knight" and that a mysterious lady and her son come to visit and tend to the grave. Thus the novel ends on a note of hope, however muted.
Literary technique.
The novel's subtitle, Zvjercadło kaszubskji ("Kashubian Mirror"), is a clear signal of its lush allegorical content. Remus himself, with his incomprehensible speech and comically peculiar mannerisms, aptly symbolizes outsiders' perception of the Kashubian people. Remus also symbolizes the courage, perseverance, and deep faith Majkowski attributes to his countrymen and countrywomen. The young queen and the buried castle likewise stand, respectively, for the Kashubians' deep faith and their glorious past. The devil's emissary Smętek stands specifically for the evil intentions of individuals who persecute Kashubians, and perhaps for Germans in general. The persecuted priest Father Krause's story is paralleled by those of real life Kashubian priests such as Jan Romuald Byzewski, and the flamboyant "Derda" of Chapter 36 can only be a young Hieronim Derdowski.
Majkowski was well aware that he was obliged, in creating a Kashubian novel worthy of standing with the masterpieces of Western literature, to draw on the full range of literary motifs, references, and other techniques employed by the authors whose work he worked to equal. For example, the colloquy between Remus and Pan Jozef in Chapter 15 contains strong reminiscences of the discussion between Aeneas and his father Anchises in "Aeneid" VI. Majkowski was likewise aware that his use of the Kashubian language had to represent the diversity of Kashubian culture, the better to speak to all Kashubian people everywhere. Indeed, Majkowski even paid close attention to the Kashubian orthography he used in this work.
Influence.
The decades immediately following the publication of "Żëce i przigodë Remusa" were difficult ones for Kashubians and Poles alike. However, it was translated into Polish (1964), into French (1984), into German (1988), and into English (2008). The novel, and the character of Remus in particular, also feature prominently in modern Kashubian culture. In 2000 a "Remusonalia" culminated in an open-air dramatic performance of the novel. In August 2012, the Wicza Theatre Association of Jasień conducted a two-week Kashubian cultural institute for the young of the region, culminating in two performances of "Nowy Remus" ("New Remus").

</doc>
<doc id="36770721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770721" title="Šurpu">
Šurpu

The ancient Mesopotamian incantation series Šurpu begins "enūma nēpešē ša šur-pu t"["epp"]"ušu", “when you perform the rituals for (the series) ‘Burning,’” and was probably compiled in the middle Babylonian period, ca. 1350–1050 BC, from individual incantations of much greater antiquity. It consisted of a long confessional of sins, ritual offences, unwitting breaches of taboos, offences against the moral or social order when the patient was unsure what act of omission he may have committed to offend the gods. Composed in Akkadian, its adjurations extend to nine clay tablets and, at Nineveh, Assurbanipal's scribes had canonized the series, fixing the sequence and providing a codicil at the bottom of each tablet providing the first line of the following tablet. Elsewhere, such as at Assur, the tablet order could vary. 
The text.
In contrast to the Maqlû incantation series, which was intended to counteract "kišpū", black magic, it is a ritual against a "māmītu", or curse, and entailed the burning of dough which had been applied to and wiped ("kuppuru") over the patient, transferring sins to an object that is burnt, providing relief from, for example, the consequences of adultery, murder, theft, perjury, witchcraft, arrogance against the gods, humans or contamination by accursed people or the objects they had infected. The patient would throw various items such as garlic or onion peel, or red wool, symbolically representing his transgressions, into the fire while an incantation was recited:
Apart from these references, Erica Reiner observed that “contrary to what we may expect from its title, burning plays a very small roll in the series. With the exception of tablet V-VI, none of the prayers or incantations have anything to do with the magical operation the title suggests” and by tablet VII impure material is disposed of in the wilderness, where desert deities are active. The second tablet provided purification from sins of the mouth such as eating taboo things, evil speech, contempt, lying and so on, and also a long list of offenses for the patient to confess. The reverse continues with an invocation of a list of more than forty gods on behalf of the afflicted. Tablets III and IV are addressed to the patron god of magic, Marduk, and the bulk of the remainder include invocations of lists of gods.
The ninth tablet sanctified the various instruments and paraphernalia of the ritual using what is referred to as "Kultmittelbeschwörungen", incantations conveying purification. “Incantation: Your hands are washed…you are holy; your hands are washed, you are pure.” (IX 88–95)

</doc>
<doc id="36770744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770744" title="Robert J. Winglass">
Robert J. Winglass

Lt. General Robert 'Bob' J. Winglass (born October 2, 1935) is an American politician from Maine. From 1957-1992, Winglass was a Senior Officer in the United States Marine Corps. Prior to his retirement, he was Chief of Staff for Installations and Logistics at U.S Marine Corps Headquarters in Washington, D.C., having achieved the rank of Lieutenant General. A Republican, Winglass served in the Maine House of Representatives from 1995-1998. He ran unsuccessfully for election in 2010 for District 62 in Auburn and was subsequently appointed Commissioner of Labor in the newly elected Paul LePage administration in June 2011. He resigned as labor commissioner in August 2012.
Winglass was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts and graduated from Springfield College in 1957 with a B.S. in education. He also earned a M.A. in international affairs from George Washington University in 1969. While in the Marine Corps, Winglass was decorated with a Navy Distinguished Service Medal and three Legion of Merit awards. He lived in Bath while serving as Labor Commissioner and, shortly before resigning, sold his Bath home and moved to his retirement home in Surry. He is married to Norma Winglass and they have four children.
Executive director of the Maine AFL-CIO Matt Schlobohm said of Winglass, 
“We found him to be someone who was very concerned about working people in our state and genuinely worked on important issues... We found him to be a voice of reason within an administration and governor who, far too often, has shown contempt for Maine’s hard-working people.”

</doc>
<doc id="36770768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770768" title="Spanish Fort Site (Holly Bluff, Mississippi)">
Spanish Fort Site (Holly Bluff, Mississippi)

The Spanish Fort Site (22-SH-500) is an archaeological site in the Delta region of the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is one of three major earthwork sites in the far southern portion of the Yazoo River valley, and it has been designated a historic site because of its archaeological value. Despite its name, the site was not built by the Spanish, and its original purpose is believed to have been ceremonial, not martial.
Location and excavations.
The Spanish Fort Site lies along the Sunflower River nearly downstream from the community of Holly Bluff. Along with the nearby Leist A and Little Spanish Fort sites, it is a semicircular earthwork that has received little archaeological attention. In 1988, the site was classified as being built by peoples of the Anderson Landing phase, but this assignment was largely due to the presence of an Anderson Landing site near the earthworks. The site first appeared in print in the early twentieth century in the account of archaeologist Clarence Bloomfield Moore, who sank a few test pits at the site; according to his report, the site comprised an embankment and a group of mounds. Eighteen years later, another survey estimated the enclosure's area at . From 1949 to 1955, yet another expedition collected artifacts from the surface and conducted more test excavations; they found evidence of occupation by the Marksville (Issaquena phase), Coles Creek (Aden phase), and Baytown (Deasonville phase) cultures.
Conclusions.
Excavations at Little Spanish Fort led an archaeologist working with the Forest Service to conclude in 1993 that the three sites could not be assigned a single conclusive date, due to the presence of cultural material as old as the Archaic period and as recent as the Mississippian period. However, the study suggested that the enclosure itself was constructed during the early portion of the Middle Woodland period; the site has yielded pottery with characteristics that appear to have been created as local peoples' culture was changing from Tchefuncte to Marksville. Radiocarbon dating shows that the Little Spanish Fort, which also was built during the Marksville period, was constructed approximately 2110 BP (160 BC) — despite their names, the earthwork sites were built long before the first Spanish presence in the region. Archaeologists have disputed the reasons for building the Spanish Fort and the other nearby earthworks: some hold that their circular or semicircular shape represented a method for humans to contain the vast cosmos, while others argue that the process of construction was their builders' method of joining in the cosmos. Scholars are agreed that the Spanish Fort Site and similar sites were ceremonial locations, rather than fortifications.
Preservation.
In 1988, about of the Spanish Fort Site were listed on the National Register of Historic Places, due to the site's archaeological significance. Spanish Fort is one of five Sharkey County sites on the National Register, along with Leist A, the Rolling Fork Mounds, the Savory Site, and the Cary Site. The Little Spanish Fort is not listed on the National Register.

</doc>
<doc id="36770779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770779" title="French Lake Reservoir">
French Lake Reservoir

French Lake Reservoir (National ID # CA00247) is a reservoir in Nevada County, California.
The earthen, rock-fill French Lake Dam was first constructed in 1859, and is a candidate for the first use of rock-fill in an engineered dam. Reconstructed in 1948, it impounds Canyon Creek for flood control, irrigation water storage, municipal drinking water, and hydropower. The dam is high, with a length of at its crest. It is one of ten facilities operated by Nevada Irrigation District. 
The reservoir has a surface area of and a maximum capacity of . The site is surrounded by Tahoe National Forest. The adjacent namesake townsite of French Lake, California is a ghost town of the California Gold Rush era.

</doc>
<doc id="36770807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770807" title="Melbourne Province">
Melbourne Province

Melbourne Province was an electorate of the Victorian Legislative Council (Australia).
Melbourne Province was created in 1882 when Central Province was abolished in the redistribution of Provinces. Its area included central Melbourne, Carlton, Fawkner Park and Richmond.
William Hearn and James Lorimer transferred from Central to Melbourne Province that year.
In 1904, another redistribution occurred and Melbourne East Province, Melbourne North Province, Melbourne South Province, Melbourne West Province were created. The number of members representing Melbourne Province were reduced from four to two that year.
Melbourne Province was abolished at the 2006 state election in the wake of the Bracks Labor government's reform of the Legislative Council. 
Members for Melbourne Province.
Three members initially, four from 1889, two from 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="36770820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770820" title="Meditations (Elmo Hope album)">
Meditations (Elmo Hope album)

Meditations (also released as Elmo Hope Memorial Album) is an album by American jazz pianist Elmo Hope recorded in 1955 for the Prestige label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "Fans of bop piano and Bud Powell will want this enjoyable CD reissue". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Elmo Hope except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36770828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770828" title="Cesar Balsa">
Cesar Balsa

Cesar Balsa (1923–2007) was a Spanish-born hotelier and restaurateur who worked in the hotel and restaurant industry in Mexico in the 1950s and 1960s. 
He was the only child of Elisa Carralero and Antonio Balsa, a Spanish barber.
At the age of twelve he started his career as a bellhop at a Spanish hotel. Over the course of 10 years, he worked his way up to restaurant management and hotel operation, and at age 21 was appointed General Manager of Food and Beverage Services at the Palace Hotel in Madrid. 
In 1948, he emigrated to Mexico City and went on to become the head of the hotel and restaurant conglomerate Nacional Hotelera S.A., which included The Presidente Hotel chain in Mexico. Among them, the first air conditioned luxury Hotel in Acapulco and Cozumel, as well as several popular restaurants and night clubs such as Can-Can and Focolare, in Zona Rosa. In 1958 Balsa signed a contract to operate the Prado-Alfer Hotel in Mexico City, in 1960 he acquired the famous Hotel Del Prado, then the largest hotel in Mexico When he took over the Hotel De Prado, the dining room had a mural by Diego Rivera, twenty meters long and seven high, showing Sunday in Central Park. The mural was hidden by columns, so he moved it to the middle of the lobby, where it could be seen.
In April 1963 Balsa signed a partnership / management contract with Antenor Patiño to operate the newly built 600 room Maria Isabel Hotel in Mexico City at the time the largest Hotel in Latin America, in November that year Sheraton and Balsa Hotels signed a collaboration agreement in which Sheraton would Represent Balsa Hotels in the United States and Balsa would represent Sheraton in Mexico. To this day the Maria Isabel still stands in Mexico City and is known as Sheraton Maria Isabel Hotel and Towers
International ventures included the lease and operation of The St. Regis Hotel in New York, and the Villamagna Hotel in Madrid, Spain. Together with ARA Inc. Cesar Balsa handled the catering for the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, serving 10,000 athletes and 30,000 meals a day. In 1963 he became president of the Mexican Association of Hotels and Motels. The Secretariat of Tourism and the Sociedad Mexicana de Geografía y Estadística grant a medal every year that bears his name, to recognise those who excel in the tourism industry.

</doc>
<doc id="36770831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770831" title="Vikram Mehta">
Vikram Mehta

Vikram Mehta is an Indian businessman. He used to be the CEO of Shell India and is now the Chairman of Brookings India.
Background.
He comes from a family with a longstanding tradition of government service. His grandfather and father were both senior officers with the Government of India. His father retired as the Foreign Secretary.
Education.
Mehta completed his schooling from the well known Mayo College in Ajmer. He has degrees from Oxford University in England. He has advanced degrees in economics from Harvard.
At Oxford, Mehta was the classmate of Imran Khan and Benazir Bhutto (two time prime minister of Pakistan). All of them had economics as their common subject.
Early career.
Mehta qualified for the Indian Administrative Service in the '70s. He joined the IAS but left it after a couple of years to pursue further education at Harvard.
Shell.
After short stints working for the government of India, he accepted an offer from Shell to join its Indian operations. He has been with Shell for about 24 years now. He retired from this position on 1 October 2012 and was succeeded by Yasmine Hilton.
After retiring from Shell, Vikram Mehta became the chairman of Brookings India.

</doc>
<doc id="36770866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770866" title="List of Copper episodes">
List of Copper episodes

"Copper" is an American crime drama television series created for BBC America by Tom Fontana and Will Rokos, who serve as executive producers along with Barry Levinson. The series stars Tom Weston-Jones as Kevin "Corky" Corcoran, a New York police officer in the Five Points area, Kyle Schmid as his friend and former commanding officer, the wealthy Robert Morehouse, Ato Essandoh as African-American physician Dr. Matthew Freeman, and Franka Potente as Five Points madam Eva Heissen. The series is set in the waning days of the Civil War, in the poor, largely Irish areas of the city. A total of 23 episodes aired over two seasons.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36770870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770870" title="Roachester, Ohio">
Roachester, Ohio

Roachester is an unincorporated community in Warren County, Ohio, United States. Roachester is located at the junction of Ohio State Route 3 and Ohio State Route 123 east of Morrow.

</doc>
<doc id="36770889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770889" title="Echologics">
Echologics

Echologics LLC is a Toronto-based engineering company that specializes in non-invasive acoustic detection of underground leaks and pipe condition assessment. It has conducted and completed projects in North America, Europe, Australia, South Africa, and Singapore that have mitigated the loss of millions of gallons of drinking water via leaking infrastructure. It is a subsidiary of Mueller Water Products under its Mueller Co. business division.
Products and services.
Echologics offers several pipeline leak detection products and services that can non-intrusively and non-invasively pinpoint leaks on pipes using a proprietary acoustic technology. The company touts a superior capability in detecting leaks in non-metallic and large-diameter pipes, which are more difficult to detect using acoustic methods because they are quiet.
Among the services Echologics offers are pipe condition assessment, including a specialized assessment solution for asbestos cement pipes, permanent leak monitoring systems, transmission main leak detection, and non-revenue water management. In 2012, Mueller Service Co., which provides assessment and remediation services to water utilities by combining field assessment with GIS development services, was consolidated under the Echologics brand. 
Projects.
City of Tampa Water Department.
The City of Tampa Water Department secured a service agreement with Echologics in April 2012 to conduct widespread transmission main leak detection on approximately 7.5 miles of cast iron pipe in the city's water system.
United Water New Jersey.
United Water New Jersey (UWNJ), a subsidiary of United Water, selected Echologics for a pilot survey to detect leaks in five miles of water mains composed of cast iron pipe, pre-stressed cylinder concrete, and reinforced concrete pipe.
Water Board of New Orleans.
In 2010, the Water Board of New Orleans obtained Echologics' services in a year-long contract to assess the condition of selected water lines throughout the city, which sustained significant damage to its water infrastructure during Hurricane Katrina. Three Echologics engineers are assigned to the project contract and are available to detect and assess leaks 24 hours a day. In the project's first two weeks, Echologics detected leaks totaling 358,000 gallons daily.

</doc>
<doc id="36770892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770892" title="List of historic places in Ontario">
List of historic places in Ontario

This list of historic places in the province of Ontario contains heritage sites listed on the Canadian Register of Historic Places (CRHP), all of which are designated as historic places either locally, provincially, territorially, nationally, or by more than one level of government. 
For reasons of length, the list has been divided by regions and subregions. See separate lists for the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="36770896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770896" title="Geert Brusselers">
Geert Brusselers

Geert Brusselers (born January 6, 1970 in Eindhoven, Netherlands) is a former Dutch football player.
Career.
Geert began his football career with the amateurs of BSC Roosendaal and Valkenswaard. Afterward he transferred to PSV but never managed to break through into the first squad. After his time with PSV, he played for Fortuna Sittard (1989–1991), BVV Den Bosch (1991–1992), NAC Breda (1992–1998), Al Nasr (United Arab Emirates; 1998–1999), Germinal Beerschot (Belgium; 1999–2000), Al-Shaab (United Arab Emirates; 2000–2001), Ajax Cape Town (South Africa; 2001–2002), Fortuna Sittard (2002–2004) and the Calgary Mustangs (Canada; 2004).
Geert Brusselers is the son of former PSV player Toon Brusselers.

</doc>
<doc id="36770897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770897" title="Mietta O'Donnell">
Mietta O'Donnell

Mietta O'Donnell (6 January 19504 January 2001) was a Melbourne-based Australian restaurateur, chef and food writer, described in her later years as Australia's leading culinary publisher and critic. She was also a noted arts and music patron, and a song competition is named in her honour.
Career.
O'Donnell's grandparents were Italian migrants, Teresa and Mario Vigano, who arrived in Melbourne from Milan in 1928 to establish 'Mario's' restaurant in Fitzroy, which they ran for over thirty years. O'Donnell, with her partner Tony Knox, opened her restaurant 'Mietta's' in Fitzroy in June 1974. 'Mietta's' moved in 1985 to Alfred Place in central Melbourne, eventually closing in 1995. 
She was killed in a car accident in Tasmania while travelling to speak at a food and wine seminar. Her funeral was attended by over 1,000 people from the arts, politics, and the culinary world.
Mietta Song Competition.
'Mietta's' restaurant had also become a salon of the arts, including music. In 1995, along with her partner Tony Knox, Len Vorster, Michael Easton and Lauris Elms, O'Donnell co-founded an annual art song competition which she ran herself. In 1996 it was named the City of Melbourne Song Recital Award. After her death in 2001, the competition was revived in 2003, as the Mietta Song Recital Award. Since 2004 it has been held every two years. It is now known as the Mietta Song Competition.
Publications.
Books authored by O'Donnell include:

</doc>
<doc id="36770899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770899" title="Joan Howson">
Joan Howson

Joan Howson (1885–1964) was a British stained glass artist of the Arts and Crafts movement. She trained at the Liverpool School of Art before becoming a student and apprentice to Caroline Townshend. They later developed a lifelong partnership creating stained glass works under the name of their company, Townshend and Howson.
Personal life.
Howson was born 9 May 1885 in Flintshire to Ethel and George John Howson, MA. George Howson attended Trinity College at Cambridge and was an Archdeacon. Ethel's father was the Archdeacon Dealtry and Vicar of Maidstone. Joan Howson had four older brothers, one of who died as a baby.
She was involved in the woman's suffragette movement and socialism.
Education.
Howson trained at the Liverpool School of Art from 1909 to 1912. She also studied music in Paris.
Career.
After completing her training at Liverpool School of Art, Howson met Caroline Townshend at The Glass House studios in London. Howson became a student and apprentice to Townshend in 1912.
In 1920 they began their partnership, Townshend & Howson under which they obtained commissions. They signed their works joining both of their initials. Then they moved to Putney where they had converted a house to serve as a studio and workshop, and were neighbours to Edward Woore and other stained glass artists.
Howson's partner, Caroline Townshend died in 1944. Howson returned to Putney and resumed her work there, often restoring medieval glass. She maintained both her late partner's initials and name in the company business. Two of her key commissions were for Oxford University with the Department of Medieval Art and a commission for the Church of St Mary Magdalane in Newark-on-Trent restoring stained glass from the 14th century.
The Archdeacon of Suffolk donated a box of medieval glass fragments to the Victoria and Albert Museum after being stored away for centuries. Howson, being a resident of Putney, was given the fragments to reassemble in 1939. She carried out the work without charge. During World War II the box of glass was hidden in a Portmadoc, North Wales mine. After the war ended, she received the retrieved fragments but it would be several years before she worked on the project. One key restoration commission was for Westminster Abbey to restore windows damaged during the war. Howson completed the work on the 15th century glass for the Combs church in 1952. The resulting windows are the South-East windows of the South Aisle of the Combs church.

</doc>
<doc id="36770901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770901" title="Phormium">
Phormium

Phormium is a genus of two plant species in the Xanthorrhoeaceae family. One species is endemic to New Zealand and the other is native to New Zealand and Norfolk Island. The two species are widely known in New Zealand as 'flax' and elsewhere as New Zealand flax or Flax lily but are not related to Flax which is native to the region extending from the eastern Mediterranean to India and which was used by humans in 30,000 B.C.
Taxonomy.
"Phormium" is an herbaceous perennial monocot. Monocot classification has undergone significant revision in the past decade, and recent classification systems (including the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group) have found "Phormium" to be closely related to daylilies ("Hemerocallis"), placing it in family Xanthorrhoeaceae, subfamily Hemerocallidoideae. "Phormium" formerly belonged to the family Agavaceae and many classification systems still place it there. It includes two species, "Phormium colensoi" and "Phormium tenax". It also includes many cultivars.
The genus was originally established by the German naturalists Johann Reinhold Forster and his son Georg Forster in 1775 from specimens of "Phormium tenax" collected by both Forsters and the Swedish naturalist Anders Erikson Sparrman. All of them were part of the second expedition of Captain James Cook aboard the "Resolution" (1772–1775). The type specimens were taken from Queen Charlotte Sound, with additional specimens from both Norfolk Island and North Island, New Zealand. The name "Phormium" comes from Ancient Greek for "basket", while "tenax" was Latin for "strong".
Description and ecology.
The tough, sword-shaped leaves grow up to three metres long and up to 125 mm wide. They are usually darkish green but sometimes have coloured edges and central ribs. Cultivated varieties range from light green through pink to deep russet bronze. There are numerous variegated cultivars with leaves marked by contrasting stripes in shades of green, red, bronze, pink and yellow.
The rigid flower stalks can be up to five metres long, projecting high above the foliage. In November (in New Zealand) they produce clumps of curving tube-like flowers which turn bright red when mature. These produce unusually large quantities of nectar to attract all nectar feeding birds such as the tui and insects. The seedpods that develop after pollination, each contain hundreds of seeds which are later widely dispersed by the wind.
Distribution and habitat.
"P. tenax" occurs naturally in New Zealand and Norfolk Island, while "P. colensoi" is endemic to New Zealand. Both species have been widely distributed to temperate regions of the world as economic fibre and ornamental plants.
They are found mainly in swamps or low lying areas but will grow just about anywhere
Cultivation.
The two species readily interbreed and there is part considerable regional variation in "Phormium colensoi". Where the two species co-occur, there is local introgression.
In recent years there has been a dramatic increase in the number of "Phormium" cultivars commercially available. The 2005-2006 edition of the Royal Horticultural Society "Plant Finder" listed 75 cultivars. As early as the 1920s it was recognised that Ploidy plays a role in some cultivars due to the work of John Stuart Yeates. The highly regarded sport "Ngaro" was isolated from the Moutoa swamp, Foxton.
The following cultivars have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit for growing in UK gardens:
Uses.
"Phormium" produces long leaf fibres that have played an important role in the culture, history, and economy of New Zealand. Both species have been widely distributed to temperate regions of the world as economic fibre and ornamental plants.

</doc>
<doc id="36770904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770904" title="SDSS J102915+172927">
SDSS J102915+172927

SDSS J102915+172927 or Caffau's star is a population II star in the galactic halo, seen in the constellation Leo. It is about 13 billion years old, making it one of the oldest stars in the Galaxy. At the time of its discovery, it had the lowest metallicity of any known star. It is small (less than 0.8 solar masses), deficient in carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and completely devoid of lithium. Because carbon and oxygen provide a fine structure cooling mechanism that is critical in the formation of low-mass stars, the origins of Caffau's star are somewhat mysterious. It has been suggested, both for theoretical and observational reasons, that the formation of low-mass stars in the interstellar medium requires a critical metallicity somewhere between 1.5×10−8 and 1.5×10−6. The metallicity of Caffau's star is less than 6.9×10−7. According to Schneider et al., cooling by dust rather than the fine structure lines of CII and OI may have enabled the creation of such low-mass, metal-poor stars in the early universe. The absence of lithium implies past temperatures of at least two million Kelvins.
The star was described by Elisabetta Caffau et al. in an article published by the journal "Nature" in September 2011. Caffau had been searching for extremely metal-poor stars for the past ten years. It was identified by automated software which analyzed data from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey. This was followed up by observations with the X-shooter and UVES instruments on the Very Large Telescope in Chile. Caffau and her team expect to find between five and fifty similar stars with the telescope in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="36770943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770943" title="Emerson, Kentucky">
Emerson, Kentucky

Emerson is an unincorporated community in Lewis County, Kentucky, United States. Emerson is located at the junction of Kentucky Route 59 and Kentucky Route 1662 northwest of Olive Hill. Emerson had a post office, which closed on September 20, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36770945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770945" title="Joe Arroyo discography">
Joe Arroyo discography

The discography of Colombian musician singer-songwriter Joe Arroyo consists almostly of twenty three studio albums, thirty two compilation albums, two live albums and one extended play. Joe Arroyo when he made his debut like artist in the 1970s, he participated on several albums with the Colombian salsa groups Fruko y sus Tesos and The Latin Brothers, all under the label Discos Fuentes. In 1981 he created his orchestra named "La Verdad", and that same year released two studio album, the first is "Arroyando" and the secons is "Con Gusto y Gana". The next year he released "El Campeón", this is the album that he dedicate to Kid Pambele and Rocky Valdés. Following the costume of release one album per year. He released "Actuando" (1983), "Hasta Amanecé" (1984) and "Me le Fugué a la Candela" (1985) this last show the drug abuse that he experienced, the album had a great hit that is "Tumbatecho". In 1986 Arroyo recovered the fame and the money that had lost with her past musical productions. So, this year was decisive for him. Arroyo's seventh album "Musa Original" with the track "Rebelión" the most known song of Joe around the salsa music, also considerate like black anthem. Following the success for this album, released "Echao Pa'lante" (1987), "Fuego en mi Mente" (1988), "En Acción" (1989). 
The next year he appeared on "Billboard" magazine's Tropical Albums chart, with his eleventh album "El Super Congo/La Guerra de los Callados", which peaked at #12. This success allowed him to sign with Sony Music, so supporting the upcoming albums of Joe Arroyo: "Toque de Clase" (1991), "Fuego" (1993), "Sus Razones Tendrá" (1995), "Mi Libertad" (1996), "Reinando en Vida" (1997), "Deja Que Te Cante" (1998), "Cruzando el Milenio" (1999), "En Sol Mayor" (2000) and his last album on the Sony Music label "Marcando Terreno" (2001). After of a rest and return to Discos Fuentes, the label that see it born. In 2004 released his first live album titled "Live!" and an EP "Arroyo Peligroso", the last in a new style, more folk and traditional. Joe Arroyo released "Se Armo la Moña en Carnaval" (2005) and his last album "El Súper Joe" (2007) that was nominated as Best contemporary tropical album the next year.

</doc>
<doc id="36770959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770959" title="Naogaon K.D. Government High School">
Naogaon K.D. Government High School

Naogaon K.D. Government High School () is a public school in Naogaon, Bangladesh. It was established in 1884, making it one of the oldest schools in Rajshahi division. According to the results of some past years, it is the best school in Naogaon district and one of the best in Rajshahi division. It runs from third grade to the tenth grade. The exertion of establishing a secondary school in Naogaon was taken by Babu Krishnadhan Bagchi, who was the deputy collector of Naogaon and supervisor of Gaza society of that time. By his efforts some landowners, rich people and farmers gave financial assistance. It was the first high school established in Naogaon (Though Raja Haranath High School was established in 1964, it was then a primary school and later in 1900 it was upgraded to a high school).

</doc>
<doc id="36770963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770963" title="Glossary of computer chess terms">
Glossary of computer chess terms

This is a list of terms used in computer chess.

</doc>
<doc id="36770964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770964" title="San Raffaele, Naples">
San Raffaele, Naples

San Raffaele (also known as San Raffaele a Materdei or properly, Santi Raffaele e Margherita da Cortona) is a church on Via Amato di Montecassino, in the quartiere of Materdei in Naples, Italy.
The church was founded in 1759 built on designs of Giuseppe Astarita, adjacent to a hospice for women called a Ritiro delle Pentite, or hospice for prostitutes. The interior has a Greek cross layout. The interior has a highly decorated polychrome altar surmounted by a "baldacchino" of gilded wood with angels and a crown. The frescoes were completed by Angelo Mozzillo. San Raffaele (St Raphael), the patron of fisherman, and often represented in paintings with fish. The saint of this church was often revered by infertile couples.

</doc>
<doc id="36770968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770968" title="Diamond Hill Reservoir">
Diamond Hill Reservoir

Diamond Hill Reservoir (also known as the Pawtucket Upper Reservoir) is a reservoir in Cumberland, Providence County, Rhode Island near Diamond Hill.
The earthen Diamond Hill Reservoir Dam was constructed in 1971 with a height of 80 feet, and a length of 2000 feet at its crest. It impounds the Abbott Run waterway for municipal drinking water. Both dam and reservoir are owned and operated by the city of Pawtucket's Water Supply Board. 
The reservoir it creates has a normal surface area of 390 acres, a maximum capacity of 15,680 acre-feet, and a normal storage of 11,000 acre-feet. Immediately adjacent to the south is the Arnold Mills Reservoir.

</doc>
<doc id="36770970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770970" title="Tessa Kosta">
Tessa Kosta

Tessa Kay Kosta (December 12, 1890 – August 23, 1981) was a star of Broadway musicals and operettas during the early decades of the twentieth century.
Early life and career.
Kosta was born in Chicago, Illinois, the daughter of Edward and Emma Kosta. Her parents came to America from Hungary the year of her birth, settling first in Chicago and then San Francisco where her father worked as a confectioner. Sometime after the turn of the twentieth century Kosta’s family moved to Ely, Nevada where she graduated from Ely High School in 1907. Prior to entering college at Salt Lake City, she studied music at the Holy Rosary Academy in San Bernardino, California.
Kosta’s break came in February, 1911 when producer George W. Lederer plucked her from the chorus to play the title role Yvonne Sherry in road productions of his hit Broadway musical, "Madame Sherry". She stayed with "Madame Sherry" for over a year to positive reviews before touring in late 1912 as Claudine with the musical comedy "The Pink Lady" opposite Olga De Baugh and Harry Depp.
Broadway and later years.
Her adult Broadway debut came on April 13, 1914 at the Astor Theatre as Anna Budd in the musical comedy "The Beauty Shop". Kosta’s Broadway career would span at least fifteen years, with "Chu Chin Chow" (1917/18), "Lassie" (1920), "The Chocolate Soldier" (1921/22), "Caroline" (1923) and "Song of the Flame" (1926) among her more memorable productions. She last appeared on Broadway in 1929 at Jolson's 59th Street Theatre playing the multiple roles Musette, Irma and Lieutenant Fedor in "The Fortune Teller".
Kosta was married to Richard J. Madden, a theatrical agent, and was a member of the board of directors of the Episcopal Actors Guild, the Ziegfeld Girl’s Club and the Twelfth Night Club. She made numerous trips abroad over the decades following her retirement from the stage. Kosta died in Manhattan of a heart attack in 1981 at the age of 90. Her husband had died some years earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="36770977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770977" title="2012 US Open – Women's Singles">
2012 US Open – Women's Singles

Samantha Stosur was the defending champion, but she lost to Victoria Azarenka in the quarterfinals.
Kim Clijsters, a three-time champion who was on a 22-match winning streak at Flushing Meadows, lost to Laura Robson for the first time in her career at the second round stage, bringing to a close her last professional singles tournament before retirement.
Serena Williams won the her fourth US Open singles title after defeating Azarenka 6–2, 2–6, 7–5 in the final. With the victory, Williams became only the third woman in history to win Wimbledon, Olympics, and the US Open in the same season after Steffi Graf and her sister, Venus Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="36771001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771001" title="List of dams and reservoirs in Rhode Island">
List of dams and reservoirs in Rhode Island

Following is a list of dams and reservoirs in Rhode Island. 
All major dams are linked below. The National Inventory of Dams defines any "major dam" as being tall with a storage capacity of at least , or of any height with a storage capacity of .

</doc>
<doc id="36771014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771014" title="List of libertarians in the United States">
List of libertarians in the United States

This is a list of prominent libertarians in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36771015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771015" title="Santa Maria della Colonna, Naples">
Santa Maria della Colonna, Naples

Santa Maria della Colonna is a Baroque style church in central Naples, Italy. It stands across from the church of the Girolamini.
The church construction began in 1580, as part of a religious complex meant to house an orphanage, and later dedicated as a conservatory of Music. The building was restored in the 18th century, and its elaborate decorated facade dates from 1715, built by Antonio Guidetti. In 1896, she was again restored. 
The interior has a Greek cross plan and cupola. The interior was decorated by the stucco artist Costantino D'Adamo and the choir was made by Domenico Bertone. The church has frescoes by Paolo De Matteis. The church is rarely open and in poor upkeep.

</doc>
<doc id="36771043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771043" title="Kevin Dreyer">
Kevin Dreyer

Kevin Dreyer is an American lighting designer of dance, theatre, opera and film, Associate Professor of Theatre at the University of Notre Dame and resident Lighting Designer for the Notre Dame Shakespeare Festival. Dreyer is also a dance lighting reconstructor for the works of Gerald Arpino, Moses Pendleton and Kurt Jooss.
Early life.
A third-generation performer, Dreyer was born at Fort McClellan, an Army base in Anniston, Alabama. During his youth, he never lived in the same place for more than three years since his father worked as a singer, actor, teacher, and for the Quaker's American Friends Service Committee, a pacifist organization that staff community service projects. When Dreyer was about to enter the tenth grade, his father joined the drama faculty at the North Carolina School of the Arts. "We decided that if I wanted to have my own identity, I shouldn't go in for acting, so I went for design and production, thinking that if I had trouble getting a job acting, stage managing would be a good fallback," he says. "By the time I got to college, acting was no longer calling me as it had." Dreyer observed ballet classes at NCSA to get a clear sense of the process.
Training and Influence.
Dreyer received a BFA in Stage Design and Technical Design from Carnegie-Mellon University in 1975. "I don't like sawdust, so I gravitated toward lighting. What I descovered, also, about myself is that I'm an impatient person in ways. The thought of waiting four to six weeks to see a design realized is excruciating. I am really drawn to the speed that's involved in designing lighting." He was influenced as a designer while stage managing for choreographer and lighting designer Alwin Nikolais' Nikolais Dance Theatre. "From Nikolais, Dreyer learned the importance of detail and acquired a knack for striking a human chord." "He was the first person to be entrusted with the original lighting created by Alwin Nikolais." Dreyer was also exposed to 'dance pieces that would start entirely from visual design.' "I took away the courage to experiment. Nikolais' true genius was his ability to spot the right thing in the midst of an accident. He had no preconceived rules. Anything was valid. And that's where you find the magic."
Lighting design for the stage.
Dreyer’s lighting designs for theatre, opera, and dance have been seen throughout the U.S. and in Europe, South America, and Asia with such companies as Paris Opera Ballet, La Compañia Nacional, Opera Teresa Carreño, Ballet du Nord, Momix, ISO, DanzaHoy, American Ballet Theatre (The Green Table) and the Joffrey Ballet.
Joffrey Ballet.
Dreyer began an association with the Joffrey after 1995 as a lighting designer and lighting director for reconstructions since the company moved to Chicago, working with them in the city, for their yearly Nutcracker Ballet since 1998 and on tours, including a recent tour to Amsterdam.
New Joffrey Designs.
Dreyer's lighting design credits for the Joffrey include "I/DNA", "Ruth Ricore Per Due", and "Partita for RC".
Other Chicago Lighting Designs.
In addition to his work for the Joffrey, Dreyer has designed for the Chicago Shakespeare Festival's Short Shakespeare production of "The Comedy of Errors" and for Giordano Jazz Dance Chicago, including lighting for "Pyrokinesis", and "Impulse".
Dance Lighting Reconstruction.
Dreyer has been called upon to reconstruct the lighting for dances produced by Joffrey Ballet and American Ballet Theatre. Don Atwood's 2005 review of Dreyer's lighting reconstruction for Kurt Jooss' The Green Table by American Ballet Theatre speaks of the attention to detail Dreyer learned from Alwin Nikolais (see training, below): "Kevin Dreyer’s implementation of the Jooss/Anna Markard lighting design makes Stappas’ terrifying 'Death' ubiquitous, appearing and disappearing magically and seemingly at will, eventually capturing 'The Standard Bearer' and all else."
Lighting design in Film.
Dreyer's lighting design is featured in Paramount Pictures’s Save the Last Dance and the Robert Altman feature, The Company (film).
Recognition.
Dreyer's lighting designs have been reviewed in The New York Times on seven separate occasions for his work with The Joffrey, MOMIX, and others since 1987. Dreyer was featured in the article "Lighting a Christmas Classic," in the magazine "Stage Directions" in 2004.
His design work in Venezuela was nominated for a national critic’s award, and he has been heralded as a “wizard lighting designer” by Dance reviewer Deborah Jowitt in the Village Voice for his work with Momix. In 2000, Anna KisselgoffDance Reviewer for The New York Times called his work with the Joffrey Ballet “brilliant.” and acknowledged his lighting and shadow play for MOMIX's Woomen in 1987. Jowitt, in her ballet review of a Frederick Ashton Celebration in 2004, described how Dreyer's lighting enhanced the costumes: "In their gleaming unitards and elvish caps, molded by Kevin Dreyer's lights, the dancing figures inhabit a frieze in process, dreamily making and unmaking it in a timeless golden void." Joffrey Ballet co-founder/artistic director Gerald Arpino commended Dreyer for 'his ability to work with the art of the ballet itself—it's about how the lights make the most aesthetic sense for the ballet.'
Teaching.
University of Notre Dame.
Dreyer began working with the University of Notre Dame's Theatre program in 1986, and he joined the Film, Theatre and Television faculty in 1989. In addition to teaching theatre courses, he has been the Resident Lighting Designer for the Notre Dame Shakespeare Festival since its inception in 2000 and was the Producing Artistic Director in 2011.
USITT.
YouTube shows Dreyer teaching for USITT's 2009 show, teaching on 'lighting various skintones','using color', 'the basics of lighting', 'how to design', and 'do lighting colors change?'
Professional Membership.
Dreyer is a member of the United States Institute for Theatre Technology(USITT), United Scenic Artists 829 and the International Alliance of Theatre and Stage Employees (IATSE).
Quote.
"In the dance world, frequently, you have one two-hour rehearsal in which to create 30 to 50 light cues for a 20-minute piece. It's an exhausting and exhilarating process. I think that process has made me a better overall theatre person because what you have to do in a situation like that is learn to trust your instincts, and if you can hone those instincts, they spill over into all aspects of the theatre work you'll be doing."
Community Involvement.
Dreyer is the past president of South Bend Civic Theatre, serving as president in 2011. According to Andrew Hughes of the "South Bend Tribune", Dreyer is also the president of the board of Morris Entertainment Inc. and president of Michiana Youth Ministries.

</doc>
<doc id="36771052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771052" title="George Akpabio">
George Akpabio

George Akpabio (born 16 November 1992 in Jos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Ajax Cape Town in the Premier Soccer League.
Club career.
Plateau United.
Akpabio made his professional debut for Plateau United during the 2011-2012 season, in which he became the clubs all time leading goal scorer, with 18 goals. He had attracted interest from the Norwegian club Viking FK, however he failed to transfer, since Plateau United were battling relegation, and they refused to let him go. In January 2012 Akpabio transferred to the South African club.
Ajax Cape Town.
Acquired from Plateau United during the Winter transfer window of the 2011–12 season, Akpabio made his debut for Ajax Cape Town on 2 February 2012 against ZESCO, in an International friendly match with the club from Zambia, winning (3-1). He was acquired by Ajax Cape Town in January 2012 as a transfer from Nigerian club Plateau United making 10 league appearances during the second half of the season scoring once.
Vasco da Gama (loan).
For the 2012/13 season, Akpabio was loaned to Vasco da Gama, another club from Cape Town playing in the National First Division, making 17 league appearances, scoring 14 times, returning to Ajax Cape Town after serving his loan spell.
Chippa United (loan).
For the 2013/14 season, Akpabio was loaned to Chippa United, another club from Cape Town playing in the National First Division once again.
Career statistics.
Club.
1 Includes CAF Champions League, CAF Confederation Cup and CAF Super Cup matches.
2 Includes Telkom Knockout and MTN 8 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36771077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771077" title="History of the Germans in Baltimore">
History of the Germans in Baltimore

The history of the Germans in Baltimore began in the 17th century. During the 1800s, the Port of Baltimore was the second-leading port of entry for immigrants, after Ellis Island in New York City. Many Germans immigrated to Baltimore during this time. As of 2000, the German population made up 18.7% of Baltimore's population, with 478,646 people of German descent living in Baltimore. This makes the Germans the largest European population in the city.
History.
18th century.
German immigrants began to settle along the Chesapeake Bay by 1723, living in the area that became Baltimore when the city was established in 1729. German Lutheran immigrants established Zion Lutheran Church in 1755, which also attracted Pennsylvania Dutch settlers to the region. Early German settlers also established the German Society of Maryland in 1783 in order to foster the German language and German culture in Baltimore.
19th century.
Following the War of 1812, a wave of German immigrants came from the Palatinate, Hesse, Bavaria, and Bohemia. Many fled from Germany between 1812 and 1814, during the War of the Sixth Coalition, in order to avoid military conscription into the Prussian Army. The port of Baltimore was developed as a gateway for immigrants during the 1820s. By 1850, 20,000 German-born people lived in the city. Between 1820 and 1860, Germans were the largest group of immigrants to Baltimore. This wave of immigrants created numerous German institutions, including banks, insurance companies, and newspapers. German immigrants also created a thriving German-language press, including publications such as the "Baltimore Wecker".
Immigration from Germany increased again after the Revolutions of 1848 in Europe, bringing thousands of Forty-Eighters to Baltimore. By the time of the American Civil War, there were 32,613 German-born residents of Baltimore, not counting their American-born descendents. Many German immigrants were liberals and freethinkers who were politically active in opposing slavery, which at times attracted violent opposition from nativists and Confederate sympathizers. During the Baltimore riot of 1861, the office of the "Baltimore Wecker" was destroyed by mobs; the publisher, William Schnauffer, and the editor, Wilhelm Rapp, left the city due to the violence. The population continued to surge after the Civil War, due in large part to the agreement signed on January 21, 1867 between the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and the Norddeutscher Lloyd, a German steamship line which brought tobacco along with further German immigrants to the port of Baltimore from Bremen, Germany. German immigrants disembarked from the steamships at B&O's pier, which was located in Locust Point. By 1868, one-fourth of Baltimore's 160,000 white inhabitants were German-born and half of the remainder were of full or partial German descent.
Many of the German immigrants who arrived during the latter half of the 19th century were affluent German Jews who created a number of cultural institutions, including Yiddish theatres such as the Concordia Hall and the Convention Hall Theater. Beginning in the 1870s, many wealthy German Jews built lavish homes along Eutaw Street near Druid Hill Park. They also built several synagogues, such as the Eutaw Place Temple. By 1880, there were around 10,000 German Jews living in Baltimore, most of whom were of Bavarian and Hessian descent.
The German-born immigrant population in Baltimore peaked in 1890, when German-born Baltimoreans numbered 41,930 out of the total population of 365,863.
St. Elizabeth of Hungary was founded in 1895 in Highlandtown to serve the German immigrant community in Baltimore.
20th century.
In the year 1900 the city's German population was 34,000. In 1900 there were over 30 congregations in Baltimore that held Sunday services in German. By 1914 the number had risen to 94,000, 20% of city's population. During the 1920s, one third of Baltimore's public schools offered German-language curricula and a quarter of Baltimoreans could speak German fluently. Up until World War I the notes from the Baltimore City Council were published in both German and English.
During World War II, many Jewish refugees fled from Germany to Baltimore. By the end of the War they numbered 3,000.
Holy Cross Roman Catholic Church in the Federal Hill neighborhood, was listed as a German parish until 1959. The church had historically played an important institutional role for South Baltimore's large German community.
The last German-language publication in Baltimore, the "Baltimore Correspondent", ceased publication in 1976.
21st century.
Aspects of Baltimore's German heritage remain, such as the Zion Lutheran Church. The church has held services in both English and German for over 250 years. There is also an annual Maryland German Festival held in the Baltimore area, which is sponsored by the German-American Citizens Association of Maryland.
German-American cuisine.
The German immigrants influenced the cuisine of Baltimore, introducing food items such as Berger Cookies. The Schmidt Baking Company was established by Elizabeth and Peter Schmidt, immigrants from Germany who used German recipes for their products. Baltimore used to have a number of German restaurants, though the Eichenkranz is the sole remaining restaurant which serves German cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="36771102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771102" title="Michelle Dusserre">
Michelle Dusserre

Michelle Dusserre (born December 26, 1968) is a former gymnast. She competed for the United States national team at the 1984 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the team competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36771115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771115" title="Alastair Smales">
Alastair Smales

Alastair Smales was born in 1962, has represented Australia in three consecutive Paralympics in swimming, was a world record holder and ranked 1 in his classification.
He lost the use of his legs in 1992 when a four wheel drive he was fixing slipped off a jack and fell on him and is now classified has having an S6 (wheelchair) grade in competition. 
He has been a member of the Sporting Wheelies and Disabled Association and has trained at the Redcliffe Leagues Lawnton Club.
Personal.
Smales currently lives in Redcliffe, Queensland with his wife Wanda, and works as an air traffic controller. They have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="36771154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771154" title="Pam Bileck">
Pam Bileck

Pamela Bileck (born December 1, 1968) is a former gymnast. She competed for the United States national team at the 1984 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in the team competition. She was inducted into the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame in 2006. 

</doc>
<doc id="36771160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771160" title="1993 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles">
1993 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles

Pete Sampras was the defending champion and successfully defended his title, beating Cédric Pioline 7–6(7–5), 1–6, 7–5 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36771164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771164" title="Kumla Church, Västmanland">
Kumla Church, Västmanland

Kumla Church (Swedish: "Kumla kyrka") is located in Kumla kyrkby in Sala Municipality in Västmanland, Sweden.
History.
The church was built of masonry around 1300 and included a longhouse and a small bell tower. In the end of the 15th century the wood roof was replaced by a brick star vault with church wall paintings by Albertus Pictor. In the 18th century they made the windows bigger and built the bell tower.

</doc>
<doc id="36771171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771171" title="2012 William Jones Cup">
2012 William Jones Cup

The 2012 William Jones Cup is the 34th tournament of the William Jones Cup that took place at the Taipei Physical Education College Gymnasium in Taipei, Republic of China (commonly known as Taiwan) from August 18 to 26, 2012. 
As in previous tournaments, this year's edition of the Jones Cup uses a single round robin format. The Philippines men's national basketball team won the championship by ending the tournament with the best win-loss record. The Philippines clinched the title with a 76-75 win over the United States Jones Cup National Team the tournament's final game day.

</doc>
<doc id="36771178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771178" title="Death sentence with reprieve">
Death sentence with reprieve

Death sentence with reprieve (, abbr.: 死缓) is a criminal punishment found in the law of the People's Republic of China. According to the criminal law chapter 5 (death penalty), section 48, 50 and 51, it gives the death row inmate a 2-year suspended sentence of the execution. The convicted person will be executed if found to intentionally commit further crimes during the two years following the sentence; otherwise, the sentence is automatically reduced to life imprisonment or, if the person is found to have performed deeds of merit during the two years, fixed-term imprisonment.
Unlike pardon (clemency), in which the relief of the penalty is decided after the death penalty has been pronounced, reprieve is pronounced directly in place of the death sentence to the prisoner who has committed the potentially capital crime.

</doc>
<doc id="36771201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771201" title="Pietro Bertani">
Pietro Bertani

Pietro Bertani (1501–1558) was an Italian Roman 
Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Pietro Bertani was born in Nonantola on November 1, 1501, the son of Francesco Bertani and Bianca Calori. He entered the Dominican Order at a young age, studying under Tommaso Badia.
After he was ordained as a priest, he became a lector of Christian theology at the University of Bologna. He later taught theology at the University of Ferrara, and then in Venice. He was a distinguished preacher, renowned for his knowledge of Augustine of Hippo and Thomas Aquinas, and preached throughout Italy. Cardinal Ercole Gonzaga made Bertani his theologian.
On November 28, 1537, he was elected Bishop of Fano. He attended the Council of Trent from February 4, 1546 until March 3, 1547. He was appointed to the Roman Curia on March 29, 1547. He successfully negotiated the return of Camerino to the Papal States from Guidobaldo II della Rovere, Duke of Urbino. In 1546, the Council of Trent sent him as envoy to Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor to settle the dispute about moving the council to Bologna. From June 9, 1548 until August 1550, he was nuncio extraordinary to the emperor, charged with resolving the dispute about Piacenza following the violent death of Pier Luigi Farnese, Duke of Parma. He also successfully settled a dispute between the emperor and Francis I, Duke of Saxe-Lauenburg. Pope Paul III intended to make him a cardinal, but the pope died before he could do so.
Pope Julius III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 20, 1551. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santi Marcellino e Pietro al Laterano on December 4, 1551.
He was a participant in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV.
He died of arthritis in Rome on March 8, 1558. He was buried in Santa Sabina, the Dominican mother church.

</doc>
<doc id="36771208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771208" title="2005 NHRA Powerade Drag Racing Series season">
2005 NHRA Powerade Drag Racing Series season

Following are the results of the 2005 NHRA Powerade Drag Racing Series season.

</doc>
<doc id="36771217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771217" title="Mario Balotelli (song)">
Mario Balotelli (song)

"For the footballer, see Mario Balotelli"
"Mario Balotelli" is a song by grime supergroup Ruff Sqwad. The song is taken from their extended play entitled, 2012. The song is an (un)official Mario Balotelli anthem. It was released on 24 January 2012 as a digital download.
Background.
The song came into fruition when Slix had the idea that the if the Mario Balotelli's slogan of "Why Always Me?" was embedded with the correct beats and musical composition then it can be made into a good "Mario Balotelli anthem".
Tinchy Stryder said in an interview with The Sun: "Mario Balotelli is a real cool guy and he likes his music, too.
"Mario’s the type of character that the Premier League hasn't really had. He’s got a good heart and does a lot of good things. I can sympathize to his "Why Always Me?" situation, he is always in the news media for various reasons.
Music video.
"Mario Balotelli" music video was filmed on 15 January 2012 and was uploaded to YouTube on 17 January 2012 at a total length of four minutes and twenty-five seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36771222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771222" title="Cristóbal Colón de Carvajal y Gorosábel, 18th Duke of Veragua">
Cristóbal Colón de Carvajal y Gorosábel, 18th Duke of Veragua

Cristóbal Colón de Carvajal y Gorosábel, 18th Duke of Veragua, (October 4, 1949 - ) is a Spanish nobleman, businessman and formerly an officer, helicopter pilot, and commander of a naval vessel in the Spanish Navy. He is a direct descendant of Christopher Columbus by way of Christopher's son, Diego; from Diego, Colón de Carvajal also holds the Duchy of Veragua since 1986. As the Duchy corresponds to the present-day Veraguas Province of the independent republic of Panama, Colón de Carvajal maintains close connections with Panamanian society, and serves on the advisory board of Petaquilla Minerals, a mining company. 
In 2011, his additional title as Duke of Vega was among many to be spun away to different recipients, with the new Duke of Vega being Colón's son, Ángel Santiago Colón de Mandalúniz
In 1992, to commemorate the 500th anniversary of Columbus' landing on Hispaniola, Colón de Carvajal was co-designated Grand Marshal of the Tournament of Roses Parade, alongside US Congressman Ben Nighthorse Campbell.

</doc>
<doc id="36771238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771238" title="Aranyakanda">
Aranyakanda

Aranyakanda is a 1987 Telugu action thriller which was written and directed by Kranthi Kumar.

</doc>
<doc id="36771249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771249" title="Mount Gambier Marketplace">
Mount Gambier Marketplace

Mount Gambier Marketplace is a shopping centre located in Mount Gambier, South Australia. It opened in August 2012 and is the first large commercial development outside the Adelaide central business district.
Stores.
The centre offers a mix of retail tenants. There is car parking with approximately 1144 dedicated parks. The centre contains the only Big W in the region. It has a floor space of 8,219 square metres. The centre also has a large Woolworths supermarket of 4,180 square metres. Also contained in the main mall are over 30 specialty stores such as Lowes, Sanity, Homeart, Smiggle, Priceline Pharmacy and Strandbags.
Separate to the main mall is Masters Home Improvement. This is the first Masters to open in South Australia and the store covers an area of almost 10,000 square metres.
A new service station is situated at the main entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="36771304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771304" title="An Giang F.C.">
An Giang F.C.

Hùng Vương An Giang Football Club () is a professional football club, based in An Giang Province, Vietnam. They are now playing in V.League 1. 
The team is currently playing at Long Xuyên Stadium, known in Vietnamese as Sân van dong Long Xuyên.
Current squad.
"As of 19 May 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="36771318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771318" title="1996 Indian Federation Cup">
1996 Indian Federation Cup

The 1996 Indian Federation Cup was the 20th season of the Indian Federation Cup. The tournament started on 29 June 1996 to 11 August. The competition was won by East Bengal, who defeated Dempo 2–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36771328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771328" title="Chinababu">
Chinababu

Chinababu is a 1988 Telugu film.

</doc>
<doc id="36771339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771339" title="Đồng Nai F.C.">
Đồng Nai F.C.

Đồng Nai Football Club () is a professional football club, based in Đồng Nai Province, Vietnam. They are now playing in V.League 1. 
The team is currently playing at Biên Hòa Stadium.
Current squad.
"As of January 11th 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="36771371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771371" title="Lam Dong F.C.">
Lam Dong F.C.

Xổ số kiến thiết Lâm Đồng are a football club based in Lâm Đồng Province in Vietnam and play in the Vietnamese First Division, the 2nd tier of Vietnam football. The play their home matches at Da Lat Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36771372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771372" title="Collector Gari Abbai">
Collector Gari Abbai

Collector Gari Abbayi is a 1987 Telugu film drama directed by B. Gopal.

</doc>
<doc id="36771392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771392" title="Willow Creek Dam (Montana)">
Willow Creek Dam (Montana)

Willow Creek Dam (National ID # MT00577) is a dam in Lewis and Clark County, Montana.
The earthen dam was originally constructed between 1907 and 1911 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, then modified and reinforced several times since. With a height of 93 feet and 650 feet long at its crest, it impounds Willow Creek for irrigation storage and flood control, part of the Bureau's larger Sun River Project. The dam is owned and operated by the Bureau.
The reservoir it creates, Willow Creek Reservoir, has a water surface of 1530 acres, another 3069 acres of surrounding land, about eleven miles of shoreline, and a maximum capacity of 32,400 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing (for rainbow trout and kokanee salmon), camping, hunting, boating, and hiking.

</doc>
<doc id="36771395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771395" title="Viv Haar">
Viv Haar

Vivian Tainui (Viv) Haar (born 1952) is a rower from New Zealand.
He represented New Zealand in the coxed fours at the 1976 Summer Olympics at Montreal, and they came in sixth place.

</doc>
<doc id="36771417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771417" title="First Ganzouri Cabinet">
First Ganzouri Cabinet

The First Ganzouri Cabinet was led by Egyptian prime minister Kamal Ganzouri from 2 January 1996 to 5 October 1999.
List of Ministers.
Quelle:

</doc>
<doc id="36771434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771434" title="Wu Chuntao">
Wu Chuntao

Wu Chuntao () is a Chinese author and journalist best known for co-authoring the award winning "Will the Boat Sink the Water" (also known as "A Survey of Chinese Peasants") with her husband, Chen Guidi. Born into a peasant family in rural Hunan province in 1963, Wu is a member of the Hefei Literature Association, and a recipient of 2004 Lettre Ulysses Award. Her investigative reportage has also earned her recognition from the U.S.-based journal "Contemporary Age".
Career.
Wu met Chen Guidi while attending a writers' conference in Beijing in 1991. Although he was twenty years her senior and already a well established novelist and playwright, Wu was critical of Chen's writing style—particularly the authenticity of his female characters. The two established a rapport, and were married soon thereafter. They began working on collaborative writing projects, and in 2001 travelled to Anhui province to investigate the life of rural peasants. Over the course of their survey, the couple interviewed thousands of peasants in over 50 towns, collecting accounts of grinding poverty and official corruption. In late 2003, they published the results of their investigation, titled "A Survey of Chinese Peasants (Zhongguo Nongmin Diaocha)", in a literary magazine. Copies quickly sold out, and in early 2004 the study was published in book format, selling nearly 200,000 copies in under two months. In March 2004, the book was banned in the People’s Republic of China. Despite the ban, it became an “underground mega-bestseller,” according to the "Asia Times", selling more than 7 million pirated copies as of 2005. 
Soon after the book's publication, local Communist Party official Zhang Xide sued Chen and Wu for libel, seeking 200,000 yuan in damages. Zhang had been described in the book as unpopular, corrupt, and oppressive towards petitioners and peasants. Villagers assembled in the courtroom to corroborate the accounts provided in Chen and Wu's book. At the end of the trial, the judge declined to offer a verdict.

</doc>
<doc id="36771450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771450" title="1970 Austrian 1000km">
1970 Austrian 1000km

The 1970 Austrian 1000km was an endurance race held at the Österreichring, near Zeltweg, Austria on October 11, 1970. It was the tenth and final round of the 1970 World Sportscar Championship season.
John Wyer's factory supported Gulf-Porsche team won again, they had won 7 of 10 races in the season, and on top of that, works Porsche prototypes won 2 more races. Jo Siffert and Brian Redman won their third race together with their Porsche 917K; they faced intense opposition from 2 factory teams with revised and improved cars- Jacky Ickx and Peter Schetty in a Ferrari 512M and later in the race, an Alfa Romeo T33/3-71 driven by Andrea De Adamich and Henri Pescarolo. But Porsche also had made revisions to their machines- they brought to the scenic Österreichring new 5-liter engines for 3 of their 917K's. The engine in the Rodriguez/Kinnunen 917K blew up on the 5th lap while Rodriguez was driving; the Ickx/Schetty 512M's electrics failed on the 54th lap, and although the engine in the Siffert/Redman car was running on 11 cylinders and the De Adamich/Pescarolo Alfa Romeo was catching them at 15 seconds a lap, the engine in the Alfa expired; but they finished 2nd on distance already covered and won the 3 liter prototype class.
The 1970 WSC was utterly dominated by Porsche. They had won every race in the season except Sebring; and they would go on to dominate the next season as well. But new rules for 1972 banning engines in prototypes larger than 3 liters made the 917's and 512's (the 512's were only run by Ferrari for this year; they decided to build a 3 liter car, the 312PB for the new regulations) obsolete, and Porsche pulled out of endurance racing and did not return until 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="36771473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771473" title="Como Dam">
Como Dam

Como Dam (National ID # MT00564) is a dam in Ravalli County, Montana, in the far western part of the state.
Como Dan was originally constructed by local farmers around 1910, to impound a natural lake for irrigation storage; the United States Bureau of Reclamation enhanced and stabilized that structure in 1954, in 1976, and in 1992-1993. The dam is 85 feet high, with a length of 2550 feet at its crest. As part of the larger Bitter Root Project, the dam and reservoir are both owned by the local Bitter Root Project Irrigation District.
The reservoir it creates, Lake Como, has a water surface of 1.4 square miles and normal storage of 38,495 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing, camping, hunting, etc. The site is surrounded by the Bitterroot National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="36771480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771480" title="Nutrigenetics">
Nutrigenetics

Nutrigenetics is a branch of nutritional genomics which aims to identify genetic susceptibility to diseases and genetic variation in the effects of nutrient intake on the genome. "Nutrigenetics" is not to be confused with "nutrigenomics", which focuses on the role specific foods have in activating genes that affect susceptibility to certain illnesses such as Alzheimer’s Disease and cancer. Nutrigenetics is still in its relative infancy compared to other branches of medical science. It aims to offer people personalized disease prevention advice based on genetic makeup.
Scientific basis.
Due to evolutionary processes, humans differ in their DNA, more precisely in so-called SNPs (short for “single nucleotide polymorphism”). Among others, SNPs influence the way individuals absorb and process food components.
Physiological activity in the human organism that concerns the consumption or transportation of nutrients is also connected with the reciprocation of various genetic variants. This assumption forms the basis for nutrigenetic sciences.
Moreover, different nutrigenetic processes in the human body can imply an advantage in terms of natural selection. Thus, for example, evolution urged people to digest lactose from cow milk.
Nutrigenetic analysis methods.
The identification of the necessary genotype is carried out by means of a blood analysis or a cheek swab. Subsequently, the DNA is analyzed in different ways.
A common way to study the genetic data is the so-called “candidate gene approach” when one possible risk gene is identified. After experiments on cell cultures, animals or humans scientists can establish a positive or negative correlation between the expression of this candidate gene and nutritional aspects.
Another popular scientific method is a genome-wide association study which also leads to the identification of relevant gene variants.
In particular, nutrigenetic analyses are based on the effect of nutritional components on the genome, proteome, metabolome and transcriptome.
NutraHacker is a nutrigenetics service popular with customers of 23andMe.
Obesity.
A major goal for nutrigenetic researchers is to identify genes that make certain individuals more susceptible to obesity and obesity-related diseases. The thrifty gene hypothesis is an example of a nutrigenetic factor in obesity. The thrifty gene theoretically causes bearers to store high-calorie foods as body fat, a most likely as an evolved protection against starvation during famines. However, the potential "thrifty genes" that may be affected by nutritional factors have yet to be identified. Future advancements in nutrigenetics research may potentially prove the existence of thrifty genes as well as find counter-effects in order to prevent obesity and obesity-related diseases.
Other goals and prospects.
In the long run, nutrigenetics should allow nutritionists and physicians to individualize health and diet recommendations. Consequently, preventive medicine, diagnostics and therapies could be optimized. In fact, comparative trials such as a current study from the German Sport University Cologne prove that health counseling based on the results of a nutrigenetic analysis is more successful than conventional diet counseling.
Nutrigenetics offers a lot of potential. In the past only a few nutrigenetic studies have been conducted. Lately, however, more scientists discover this study field for further investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="36771515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771515" title="Fluorescence intermittency in colloidal nanocrystals">
Fluorescence intermittency in colloidal nanocrystals

Blinking colloidal nanocrystals is a phenomenon observed during studies of single colloidal nanocrystals that show that they randomly turn their photoluminescence on and off even under continuous light illumination.
This has also been described as luminescence intermittency.
Similar behavior has been observed in crystals made of other materials. For example, porous silicon also exhibits this affect.
Colloidal nanocrystals.
Colloidal nanocrystals are a new class of optical materials that essentially constitute a new form of matter that can be considered as "artificial atoms." Like atoms, they have discrete optical energy spectra that are tunable over a wide range of wavelengths. The desired behavior and transmission directly correlates to their size. To change the emitted wavelength, the crystal is grown larger or smaller. Their electronic and optical properties can be controlled by this method. For example to change the emission from one visible wavelength to another simply use a larger or smaller grown crystal. However, this process would not be effective in conventional semiconductors such as gallium arsenide.
The nanocrystal size controls a widely tunable absorption band resulting in widely tunable emission spectra. This tunability combined with the optical stability of nanocrystals and the great chemical flexibility in the nanocrystal growth have resulted in the widespread nanocrystal applications in use today. Practical device applications range from low-threshold lasers to solar cells and biological imaging and tracking. Producing a specific type of luminescence known as photoluminescence nanocrystals show quite high quantum efficiency of up to 70% at room temperature. The missing 30% efficiency turns out to be an intrinsic property of nanocrystals.
Random behavior.
Studies of single colloidal nanocrystals show that they randomly turn their photoluminescence on and off even under continuous light illumination.
This tends to hinder progress for engineers and scientists who study single colloidal nanocrystals and try to use their fluorescent properties for biological imaging or lasing.
The blinking in nanocrystals was first reported in 1996. The discovery was unexpected. The consensus is that blinking happens because illuminated nanocrystals can be charged (or ionized), and then neutralized. Under normal conditions when nanocrystal is neutral, a photon excites an electron-hole pair, which then recombines, emitting another photon and leading to photoluminescence. This process is called radiative recombination. If however, the nanocrystal is charged, the extra carrier triggers a process called non-radiative Auger recombination, where exciton energy is transferred to an extra electron or hole. Auger recombination occurs orders of magnitude faster than the radiative recombination. So photoluminescence is almost entirely suppressed in charged nanocrystals. Scientists still do not fully understand the origin of the charging and neutralization process. One of the photoexcited carriers (the electron or the hole) must be ejected from the nanocrystal. At some later time, the ejected charge returns to the nanocrystal (restoring charge neutrality and therefore radiative recombination). The details of these processes occur still are not understood.
Solutions.
Researchers are attempting to eliminate the problem of blinking nanocrystals. One common solution is to suppress nanocrystal ionization. This could be done, for example, by growing a very thick semiconductor shell around the nanocrystal core. However, blinking was reduced, not eliminated, because the fundamental processes responsible for blinking - the non-radiative Auger recombination- were still present.
One significant solution presented synthesizes gradually-graded alloy core (CdZnSe) nanocrystals capped with a semiconductor shell (ZnSe) that never blinks. The highly unusual multi-peaked photoluminescence spectra clearly indicates also that these nanocrystals always have an extra charge. The observation of photoluminescence from charged (ionized) nanocrystals is direct proof that the nonradiative Auger recombination has been weakened by three orders of magnitude.
Characteriziation.
One method of study attempts to characterize the blinking behavior by studying single crystals or single quantum dots. A powerful microscope is employed along with video equipment. Another method uses ensembles or large quantities of quantum dots and develops statistical information.

</doc>
<doc id="36771522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771522" title="The Glowsticks">
The Glowsticks

The Glowsticks (TGS) are a Canadian EDM group/production team consisting of Verse-Atile (Osama Hussain), Ricky Basel and Darkace (Charles Sarpong). Formed in 2009, The Glowsticks are responsible for producing and writing for Czech superstar, Ben Cristovao’s debut album, "Definitely Different", and his second album, "Benny Cristo". In 2012, The Glowsticks formed Glowstick Music with their managers.
History.
The Glowsticks were formed in Toronto, Canada in 2009. Verse-Atile always had a love for music. He was becoming well known in the Toronto music scene with his single “I’m A Dog” being played on local radio and his work as a producer with local Toronto artists. Verse-Atile felt like he was missing something and that’s when he was introduced to Darkace. In 2010, The Glowsticks went to work with Ben Cristovao, a new artist from Czech Republic executive producing his debut album “Definitely Different”. At the same time, The Glowsticks began working on their EP "Mars Landing" and were introduced to their manager Latoya Lee, who was working as an A&R for Bu Vision/Konvict Muzik. With her help, they released "Mars Landing". The release of "Mars Landing" gained them a lot of attention in the Toronto music scene, as well as in the Czech Republic, due to their work with Ben. 
In 2011, The Glowsticks welcomed the amazing vocals of Ricky Basel, becoming The Glowsticks that the world sees today. With Ricky on board, he brought his manager with him, Collin Adam. Collin and Latoya came together with innovative ideas to bring The Glowsticks to light. With their help, The Glowsticks were not only working on Ben’s second album, "Benny Cristo", they also began working with Tina, a R&B/Pop artist signed with EMI, Czech Republic. The Glow Sticks were responsible for producing and writing four songs on Tina's album "S.E.X.Y", which was released in early December 2011. The Glowsticks have proven themselves as producers who are capable of developing a sound for the artists they work with. They enter the studio, get to know the artist, and find what fits that artist best. They’ve garnered much attention on the Central European music scene for their work with not only Ben and Tina, but also working with Rytmus, Czech’s biggest rap artist, on his upcoming project. 
Due to the signature whisper of the phrase “Glowstick Music” at the beginning of The Glowsticks music, TGS along with their managers decided to name their company Glowstick Music. With the formation of Glowstick Music, Ben Cristovao’s new album will be released under the company, as well as any of The Glowsticks new projects. The Glowsticks have mastered the art of simultaneously working on production for other artists and their own projects. The Glowsticks is an EDM group, who have gained attention from performing throughout Central Europe, in countries including Czech Republic, Georgia, Slovakia, and Poland, just to name a few. In the summer 2012, they had the pleasure of opening for Pitbull and Far East Movement in Czech Republic. With the release of their EP "Late Mornings", they’re forming themselves into a force that will be reckoned with in the electro dance world. The video for “Pardon My Swag” was featured on various dance blogs and a lot of views. Their single “Get Gone” has gotten much respect thus far from electro dance fans and will only get more popular with the video release. 
The fact that this group is musically influenced with practically every genre possible, gives them the edge and the versatility to create unique music, which has been dubbed Glowstick Music.
With the release of their EP’s "Mars Landing" in 2011 and "Late Mornings" summer 2012, they’ve garnered the attention of electro dance music lovers.
Discography.
Production and Writing Credits
Ben Cristovao
Intro 
Give Me Some More
Come Back 
Come Over 
Put It On Me
Good featuring The Glowsticks
Give Me Some More (Remix) 
Waste My Time featuring The Glowsticks
X Girlfriend 
I'm a Dog 
Mimozemšťanka
Chci feat. Monika Bagárová
No a co
Na zdraví featuring The Glowsticks
Round And Round
Mine
Night and Day
Tie You Up
Aliengirl
TBA (2012)
Tina 
Intro
Ankle Break featuring The Glowsticks
Bitch I Know I’m Fly
Clothes Off
As Featured Artists
Good – Ben Cristovao featuring The Glowsticks
Waste My Time – Ben Cristovao featuring The Glowsticks
Na zdraví – Ben Cristovao featuring The Glowsticks
Ankle Break – Tina featuring The Glowsticks
You and I – DJ Masterout featuring The Glowsticks

</doc>
<doc id="36771526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771526" title="CIMA hospitals">
CIMA hospitals

Consorcio International Hospital, (CIMA Mexico) was formed in 1992 and develops, owns and manages private healthcare facilities in Mexico. Consorcio Hospitalario Internacional, (CIMA Central America) was formed in 1997 to do the same in Central America. The Company uses the service mark Centro Internacional de Medicina - or its Spanish acronym CIMA - for its Mexico and Central American hospitals. In each case, the mark is accompanied by the name of the city in which the facility is located. Cima means peak or pinnacle, and signifies not only the mountainous surroundings of the Company's acute care hospitals, but the quality of healthcare they provide.

</doc>
<doc id="36771531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771531" title="2012–13 Air21 Express season">
2012–13 Air21 Express season

The 2012–13 Air21 Express season is the 2nd season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="36771557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771557" title="2012–13 Alaska Aces season">
2012–13 Alaska Aces season

The 2012–13 Alaska Aces season is the 27th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="36771584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771584" title="Herbert F. Standing">
Herbert F. Standing

Herbert F. Standing was a paleontologist, medical missionary in Madagascar, author of the book "The Children of Madagascar" (1897). He was also the Headmaster of the Boys' High School of the Friends' Foreign Mission Association in Antananarivo.
Standing is responsible for describing four species of subfossil lemur, including "Archaeoindris fontoynontii" (1909), "Mesopropithecus pithecoides" (1905), "Palaeopropithecus maximus" (1903), "Megaladapis grandidieri" (1903), and other subfossil taxa that have since become taxonomic synonyms. Standing's day gecko ("Phelsuma standingi") is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="36771606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771606" title="Mourad Satli">
Mourad Satli

Mouard Satli (born 29 January 1990) is an Algerian footballer who plays as a defender for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești.
Club career.
Satli was born in Oran, Algeria. At the age of 9, he started playing with a small club in Paris before joining the INF Clairefontaine Academy when he was 13, spending the next three years there. In 2006, he joined RC Strasbourg.
In 2010, Satli signed a two-year contract with Belgian Pro League club Sporting Charleroi. He was immediately loaned out to second division side Boussu Dour Borinage for the 2010-2011 season., making 32 appearances for the club. In the summer of 2012, he extended his contract with Charleroi until 2014. On July 28, 2012, Satli made his Belgian Pro League debut as a starter against Mechelen in the opening round of the 2012–13 Belgian Pro League season being regular since then.
In June 2014, Satli was transferred to Petrolul Ploiești in Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="36771608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771608" title="Li Sheng">
Li Sheng


</doc>
<doc id="36771611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771611" title="2012–13 Barako Bull Energy Cola season">
2012–13 Barako Bull Energy Cola season

The 2012–13 Barako Bull Energy Cola is the 11th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="36771628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771628" title="Thompson Falls Dam">
Thompson Falls Dam

Thompson Falls Dam is a dam in Sanders County, Montana, in the northwestern part of the state.
A complex of four hydropower dams stand on the Clark Fork River in downtown Thompson Falls, Montana:
Operations here began in 1915 with original construction on a set of natural falls. Today, the four dams together impound an upstream reservoir, with a water storage capacity of 8300 acre-feet, and a seven-unit hydroelectric generation capacity of 94 megawatts. 
The project is owned and operated by PPL Montana. The island between the dams contains a public park with hiking trails, picnic tables, and scenic overlooks. 

</doc>
<doc id="36771636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771636" title="2012–13 Barangay Ginebra San Miguel season">
2012–13 Barangay Ginebra San Miguel season

The 2012–13 Barangay Ginebra San Miguel season is the 34th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="36771653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771653" title="2012–13 GlobalPort Batang Pier season">
2012–13 GlobalPort Batang Pier season

The 2012–13 GlobalPort Batang Pier season was the franchise's first season in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). The team took over the Powerade Tigers after its sale to Sultan 900 Capital. Although it did not qualify for the Philippine or Commissioner's Cups, it was a quarterfinalist for the Governors' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36771656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771656" title="Agni Putrudu">
Agni Putrudu

Agni Putrudu is a 1987 Telugu film drama, directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.

</doc>
<doc id="36771665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771665" title="Tân Bình, Bến Tre">
Tân Bình, Bến Tre

Tân Bình is a rural commune ("xã") of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Mekong Delta region of Vietnam. The commune covers 9.94 km2, with a population of 8493 (2009), the population density of 854 inhabitants/km².

</doc>
<doc id="36771667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771667" title="2012–13 Meralco Bolts season">
2012–13 Meralco Bolts season

The 2012–13 Meralco Bolts season is the 3rd season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="36771676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771676" title="Bangladesh Championship League">
Bangladesh Championship League

Bangladesh Championship League is the second-tier association football league of Bangladesh run by the country's football association. It is also known as Premier Bank Championship League for sponsorship reason.
History.
Bangladesh Football Federation (BFF) introduced the country's first professional football league in 2007. The 2nd tier professional league began with the 2012 season of Premier League. BFF introduced the second-tier league in 2012 as season 5 of Premier League was commencing.
List of winners.
Champions so far are:
Clubs and locations.
The following 7 clubs have competed in the Bangladesh Championship League during the 2014 season.
The venues for current season are-
Sponsorship.
Bangladeshi private bank "Premier Bank Ltd." is the sponsor of the league since the first season.

</doc>
<doc id="36771688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771688" title="Commonasm">
Commonasm

CommoNasm is a mashup album produced and mixed by Miami-based producer and sound engineer TenDJiz. It was created by blending the acapellas of Common and Nas with instrumentals composed from Soviet Soul and Jazz samples. The album was released on July 10, 2012.
Reception.
The project has received positive reviews from critics. The Miami New Times named TenDJiz "the mastermind behind an awesome mixtape series that mashes Soviet jazz instrumentals with American hip-hop.". Soulbounce.com (winner of the 2010 Soul Train Awards) claims that "TenDJiz's production, mixing and scratching is near flawless."Respect magazine described CommoNasm as "an incredibly ambitious and awing project." The album was called "flawless mashup" by HipHopDX.com and described as "amazing" by 2dopeboyz.com. 
Common tweeted about CommoNasm and called it "Fresh". Fashion Nerrd Magazine claims that the Soulviet Trilogy is "a bridging of the gap between the two formerly antagonistic superpower nations". The album has been featured on many on-line magazines and music websites such as: Okayplayer, Nodfactor.com, Rubyhornet.com, Kevinnottingham.com, Peace Magazine, ProducersIKnow.com, LiveAGL.com, Thewellversed.com, Artisticmanifesto.com, Spit-TV.de (Germany) 

</doc>
<doc id="36771693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771693" title="2012–13 Petron Blaze Boosters season">
2012–13 Petron Blaze Boosters season

The 2012–13 Petron Blaze Boosters season was the 38th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). The team placed seventh in the Philippine Cup, third in the Commissioner's Cup and second in the Governors' Cup. It had three draft picks: two Filipino and one American.

</doc>
<doc id="36771695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771695" title="Somali Confederation of Labour">
Somali Confederation of Labour

The Somali Confederation of Labour (, abbreviated CSL) was a national trade union centre in Somalia. CSL was founded in 1949. CSL was closely linked to the ruling Somali Youth League, but retained organizational independence.
Early period.
The organization was initially known as Sindacato Lavoratori della Somalia ('Workers Trade Union of Somalia'). During its early days it only organized administrative employees.
International affiliations.
The organization became a member of the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions (ICFTU) in 1955 and was a founding member of the African Trade Union Confederation (ATUC).
1962 conflict.
Following the CSL congress held in September 1962 the movement was rocked by internal, tribal conflict, prompting the ICFTU to send its assistant general secretary Stefan Nędzyński to Somalia in February 1963 in order to resolve the issues at hand. CSL was able to reunite, but its organization in Villabruzzi had broken away from the parent body and joined a rival union.
Heydays.
As of the mid 1960s CSL was the largest trade union centre in the country, with fourteen affiliated unions and claiming around 5,300 members (roughly one percent of wage earners in the country at the time). Its most important union, FNLPA, was active in the plantation sector.
In 1965 the Somali Federation of Labour (based in the northern parts of the country) merged with CSL, strengthening the position of CSL as the dominant labour force in the country. As of the late 1960s, Said Yusuf Ali "Bos" was the CSL chairman and Omar Nur Abd the general secretary of the organization.
Coup and decline.
The October 1969 coup d'état of Siad Barre changed the situation for the Somali trade union movement dramatically. CSL and other trade union centres were banned and their leaders were imprisoned. CSL was no longer recognized as an ICFTU affiliate following the coup d'état. The ICFTU did however retain contacts with CSL leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="36771698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771698" title="Car 553">
Car 553

Car 553 is a privately owned railroad car. It operates exclusively on the Metra Union Pacific North Line in northeastern Illinois. It is one of only two remaining in the United States.
History.
Private commuter car service began on the Chicago and Northwestern in 1929, to serve wealthy commuters in the affluent North Shore suburbs in Chicagoland, such as Lake Forest, Highland Park and Winnetka, Illinois. The first private car was C&NW 6700, named "The Deerpath". Eventually, the tradition of naming the car "The Deerpath" ended, and the current club car is merely known as "Car 553".
Car 553 (and its sister, Car 555) were built as Chicago & North Western Railway lounge cars #7901 and #7902 in 1949 by the American Car and Foundry Company. In 1961, these cars were removed from long distance passenger service, renumbered 553 and 555, and rebuilt to operate in commuter service out of Chicago, Illinois. On November 30, 1975, cars 553 and 555 were acquired by Commuter Associates Inc. and continued to see service on the C&NW, operated by the commuter rail branch of the Regional Transportation Authority (which was reorganized into Metra in 1984). In the 1990s, the first female members purchased seats on the car. Car 553 still wears the color scheme of the pre-Metra Regional Transportation Authority's passenger equipment.
Metra service.
, Car 553 operates twice daily on the Union Pacific North Line between Chicago and Kenosha, Wisconsin. The car is operated as part of an agreement between club members and the Union Pacific Railroad (Who operates Metra trains on the UP/North Line). While in the past, membership was exclusive to wealthy "North Shore" families, it has since become open to anyone who pays an annual fee of $900, in addition to the fees for Metra's monthly pass. The car arrives in Chicago shortly before 9:00am, and departs for Kenosha shortly after 5:00pm (Based around the traditional 9-to-5 workday).

</doc>
<doc id="36771699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771699" title="A Touch of Taylor">
A Touch of Taylor

A Touch of Taylor is an album by American jazz pianist Billy Taylor recorded in 1955 for the Prestige label. The album was one of the first 12-inch LPs released by the label.
Track listing.
"All compositions by Billy Taylor except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36771704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771704" title="Kanu Behl">
Kanu Behl

Kanu Behl (born 13 June 1980) is an Indian film writer and director.
Early life and education.
Kanu Behl spent his early years in Patiala, Punjab before moving to Delhi in 1990. Both his parents, Navnindra and Lalit Behl are writer-actor-directors and would also direct telefims for state-run Doordarshan channel.
He studied at Apeejay School, Noida and sought a Bachelors Degree in Business from Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies, Delhi University. In 2003, he joined the Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute and pursued a PG Diploma in Cinema. While at the Institute, he attended the Berlinale Talent Campus 2007 and his documentary 'An Actor Prepares', about a struggling actor, who after seven years decides to give himself 15 days to make it in the film industry or return home. The documentary entered in competition at Cinéma du Réel 2007, a documentary film festival in France.
Career.
After graduating from SRFTI, he produced and directed documentaries for international channels like NHK, Japan and ZDF/Arte. He worked with Dibakar Banerjee on the feature film "Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!" as an Assistant director. In 2010, he co-wrote the critically acclaimed "Love Sex aur Dhokha" with Dibakar and was the chief assistant director. 
In 2012, the script of his first independent feature film "Titli", was selected by NFDC for the Screenwriters' Lab 2012, and later it won the Post-Production Award at Film Bazaar's Work-In-Progress Lab in 2013. He is directing the film written by him and being produced by Dibakar Banerjee under the banner of Yash Raj Films. In 2014, directorial debut film was selected to take part in the Un Certain Regard section of the 2014 Cannes Film Festival.
Personal life.
He lives in Mumbai.

</doc>
<doc id="36771718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771718" title="2012–13 Rain or Shine Elasto Painters season">
2012–13 Rain or Shine Elasto Painters season

The 2012–13 Rain or Shine Elasto Painters season is the 7th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="36771720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771720" title="Hollis Thompson">
Hollis Thompson

Keith Hollis Thompson II (born April 3, 1991) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for Georgetown University.
High school career.
Thompson attended Loyola High School in Los Angeles, California. As a junior in 2007–08, he averaged 18.6 points, 9.0 rebounds and 4.0 assists per game, going on to be named the league's most valuable player.
College career.
In January 2009, Thompson enrolled at Georgetown University and practiced with the team during the second semester.
During his three-season collegiate career at Georgetown, Thompson averaged 8.7 points, 4.1 rebounds and 1.1 assists in 24.6 minutes per game, while setting a school record with 44.0% three-point field goal shooting. He earned All-Big East Honorable Mention honors in 2011–12 after scoring in double figures on 25 occasions.
Professional career.
2012–13 season.
Thompson went undrafted in the 2012 NBA draft. On July 11, 2012, he signed with the Oklahoma City Thunder. However, he was later waived by the Thunder on October 27, 2012. On October 31, 2012, he was acquired by the Tulsa 66ers an as affiliate player.
2013–14 season.
In July 2013, Thompson joined the San Antonio Spurs for the 2013 NBA Summer League. On September 27, 2013, he signed with the Philadelphia 76ers. On April 5, 2014, he recorded a career high 18 points and six made three-pointers in a 101-105 loss to the Brooklyn Nets. In 2013–14, he led all rookies in three point field goal percentage with 40.1%.
2014–15 season.
In July 2014, Thompson joined the Philadelphia 76ers for the 2014 NBA Summer League.

</doc>
<doc id="36771733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771733" title="CVM Secondary School">
CVM Secondary School

CVM Secondary School is a private school in Bhaktapur District, Nepal. CVM stands for "Charkhandi Vidhya Mandir". The school was founded in 1997, (2054 VS) in Sirutar. The school provides a quality education to produce manpower for the country. This school has its own building with full facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="36771764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771764" title="ATV Miss Asia Pageant 2011">
ATV Miss Asia Pageant 2011

ATV Miss Asia Pageant 2011, was the 23rd Miss Asia Pageant, which began on 19 January 2012. The pageant slogan was "Beauties, Gathered in the Water." For the first time, the organizers created a separate event for all contestants of Chinese descent from mainlain China, Hong Kong, Canada, the US, and Brazil into a semi-final, the results of whom competed with ten contestants of other Asian races. Michelle Feng of Beijing, China was the winner.
Background.
The pageant was originally scheduled for fall 2011 but was delayed until early 2012 by the organizers. As in previous years, there was no upper age limit for the contestants. For the first time, the organizers created a separate event for all contestants of Chinese descent who represented different nations, ATV Miss Asia Pageant Greater China Finals 2011. It narrowed down the original 20 contestants to ten from China, Hong Kong, Canada, the US, and Brazil for another set of finals to compete with ten contestants of other Asian races.

</doc>
<doc id="36771768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771768" title="2012–13 San Mig Coffee Mixers season">
2012–13 San Mig Coffee Mixers season

The 2012–13 San Mig Coffee Mixers season is the 25th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Philippine Cup.
Eliminations.
Game log.
Total: 10-4
Commissioner's Cup.
Eliminations.
Game log.
Total: 8-6
Bowles (14)
Governors' Cup.
Eliminations.
Game log.
Total: 6-3

</doc>
<doc id="36771769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771769" title="Kirai Dada">
Kirai Dada

Kirai Dada is a 1987 Telugu film drama produced by V.Doraswamy Raju on VMC Productions, directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy. This film is remake of hindi movie Jaal 1986. 

</doc>
<doc id="36771793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771793" title="Govt. Peer Yaqoob Shah Degree College Phalia">
Govt. Peer Yaqoob Shah Degree College Phalia

Peer Yaqoob Shah Degree College Phalia established formerly at Intermediate level for boys students in the year 1962. Primarily the classes started in the premises of Govt Pilot Secondary School Phalia. On completing its building the college moved there. In the decade of 90s the college upgraded to degree level and to post graduate level after 2000. The college is affiliated with University of the Punjab, Lahore, Pakistan. It is situated 2 KM away from the heart of the Phalia City on Kuthiala Sheikhan road. The courses of Sciences, Arts, Computer Sciences (B.A),(B.Sc) are offered in the college. Almost 500 students annually study in the various courses. The college own a hostel within its premises. A library is available to the students and the teaching faculty. Government of Punjab provides maximum books. In 1997, the nomenclature of the college changed from Government College Phalia to Government Peer Yaqqob Shah College Phalia admiring the services of Phalia's papular Islamic scholar and former Member of Provincial Assembly of the Punjab Peer Yaqoob Shah (late). There are big playgrounds within the premises of the college. The college possesses reasonably good accommodations for its staff.

</doc>
<doc id="36771801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771801" title="Anup Mathew Thomas">
Anup Mathew Thomas

Anup Mathew Thomas (born 1977) is a visual artist who lives and works in Bangalore. Thomas graduated from the Srishti School of Art, Design and Technology, Bangalore in 2003 and has stayed largely with photography as his medium of choice. Predominantly producing work in series, Thomas’s photographs conceal an innate critique of their subject matter, engaging often with narratives that are seemingly and instinctively local but reverberate within a more inclusive context. Thomas’s works are often presented as digital slideshows as well as prints.
His recent solo exhibitions include Double Feature at Lothringer13, Munich, Hereinafter, GALLERYSKE, Bangalore, an exhibition at the Contemporary Image Collective, Cairo (2010), View from Conolly’s Plot at GALLERYSKE, Bangalore (2010), Assembly, presented by GALLERYSKE at Kashi Art Gallery, Kochi (2008) and Metropolitan at Gasworks Gallery, London (2007).
In 2006, Thomas received the Charles Wallace India Trust scolarship to be an artist-in-residence at Gasworks in London. He was also a resident artist at the Vasl International artist residency in Lahore the same year. Anup Mathew Thomas's work was also part of the inaugural edition of the Kochi Muziris Biennale. 2012. He is a recipient of the 2014 The Abraaj Group Art Prize.
Work.
Passing By, 2002.
In 2002, Thomas’s first solo exhibition titled "Passing By" was shown at the Alliance Francaises in Thiruvananthapuram, Pondicherry, Chandigarh, Bangalore and New Delhi. The images in the exhibition were photographed over a period of two months in Western Europe in 1999.
Well, Basically This is About Thomas Jacob, 2003.
In 2003, Thomas took a series of photographs of his father culminating in a show titled "Well, Basically This is About Thomas Jacob". The work chronicled nine months in Thomas’s father’s life who he followed and documented in Kerala, Tamil Nadu and the UK. The 500 black and white images are projected on two screens facing one another. These vignettes of his father’s life formed brief narratives in various clusters.
Light Life, 2005.
In 2005, during the Khoj international artists' workshop in Mumbai, India, Thomas developed "Light Life" - a photo installation on the dance bars of Mumbai. Thomas shot interiors of Mumbai dance bars on the eve of the bars' closure by local authorities on the grounds of moral inappropriateness. The subject is treated formally and the series depicts empty interiors of these nightclubs where modestly dressed women dance for men in exchange for cash. The work was presented as a digital slideshow with slowly changing stills of these evocative venues that though devoid of human presence seemed alive with movement. "Light Life" questions the diktat to shut these bars; many ex-dancers were obliged to seek the very employment the censure sought to discourage. The work encourages reflection on the politics of moral censure even as it explores unused spaces that are present within our larger urban experience.
NCA Library, 2006.
In "NCA Library", Thomas presents a sequence of projected photographs sampled from the closed circuit cameras monitoring the National College of Arts library in Lahore, Pakistan where the artist is recorded on security cameras, placing thirteen of his catalogues in the library after closing hours inscribed individually for artists who were teaching at the NCA. In the course of the next few weeks, most of the catalogues disappeared from the library. There are sixteen cameras installed in the NCA library to prevent acts of theft/vandalism.
New Friends, 2006.
In Lahore, Thomas asked some artists he met there to pose for him for what became the series, "New Friends". "New Friends" unfolds as a sequence of portraits of people Thomas met for the first time. In the images, the 'sitter' often determined the manner in which he or she was presented - making choices about the settings, interiors, and poses adopted. He carried the series on during a second residency in London at Gasworks ("New Friends", London). Key to the photo-shoots was that the scenes were not directed by the artist, but were documentations by him of each artist’s idea of portraiture or their performance for the photograph thereby exploring the contours of "self-representation".
Metropolitan, 2006.
In 2006, Thomas documented bishops from different denominations of Christianity in Kerala. The work, titled "Metropolitan" comprised a series of fourteen large format photographs of Episcopalian bishops. The portraits are staged using a common visual strategy - posing in their vestments before their official residences. Thomas singled out the heads of the Episcopal churches, the bishops who have spiritual and administrative powers over their respective dioceses. Born and raised in a family belonging to one of the denominations represented in the series, Thomas's enquiry into the plural practice of modern day Christianity unveils the hierarchies within these denominations. The variety of style and colour within their ceremonial regalia expresses the sheer diversity within the denominations, drawing awareness to the remarkably plural social characteristics in this coastal state. By viewing all the Bishops from the same distance, he brings into striking view two telling differences in their status - their vestments and their official residences, revealing grandeur and simplicity. The style of the mostly palatial houses, ranging from the colonial to the traditional to the contemporary vernacular, signal the degrees of prosperity of the denominations in question as do the nature of the vestments and the preciousness of the cross and crook held by some of the bishops. In the work, he also engages with issues of power and authority vested in them on behalf of the denominations they preside over.
Cabinet, 2007.
Thomas’ longstanding interest in the intersection of portraiture and power led to his next work, "Cabinet" in 2007, a slide show of nineteen head and shoulder portraits of cabinet ministers from Kerala’s then ruling Left Democratic Front government.
Assembly, 2008.
In 2008, Thomas’s work "Assembly" was exhibited at Kashi gallery in Kochi. The show worked as an installation with red plastic chairs placed as though for an official function facing a screen on which were projected a series of photographs, each one of a mundane Kerala street scene framed by a temporary arch of the type typically constructed in the state in order to announce a social, religious, political or commercial function. The transition between the images was done using a common digital transitional device whereby the image collapsed in a centripetal swirl and re-emerged similarly. The twirl becomes a key to the work, directing and intervening on the rhythms of the viewers' gaze.
View from Conolly’s Plot, 2010.
As part of an ongoing exploration of the socio-political and cultural milieu of his home-state Kerala, Thomas' collection of photographs was in a show titled, "View from Conolly's Plot" at GALLERYSKE Bangalore in 2010. The series of nine images, taken over three years, depict events, structures and people and were a satirical and poignant exploration of the subtle and uncanny changes dispersed upon his native Kerala.
Contained in his photographs are references to Kerala’s attempts to create a bridge between its past and its present, starting from the legacy of Henry Valentine Conolly, the collector of British Malabar, who set up the world’s first teak plantation in Kerala in the 1840s. "Ambassadors", photographed in 2007, is ostensibly a portrait of Vellapally Natesan, the General Secretary of a local social organization dedicated to upholding the teachings of anti-caste social reformer Shree Narayana Guru. In the photograph, the artist places the leader and his wax statue imaging him side by side so that it is almost impossible to distinguish who is made of flesh and what is formed of wax. Also exhibited in the same show was his work, Happy Moments, a slide show presenting images of the backdrops used in a Bible-based quiz show on a Christian entertainment channel.
Hereinafter, 2012.
In Hereinafter, Thomas explores the recurring themes of death, memory, the preservation of memory and mortality. This examination as with most work in Thomas’s practice centers on the cultural history of Kerala.
“Ithikkara Bridge”, an image of a plaque that serves as a memorial stone emphasizes a transition from life to death as well as elaborates the idea of passage The plaque reads “Ithikkara Bridge, opened for traffic on 20-1-1976, with the passage of the cortege of TK Divakaran, Honourable Minister of Works, Kerala state, who expired on 19-1-1976.” In “KS Biologicals”, Thomas documents the personal collection of K Shikamoni, a biology teacher in Thalachanvilai, Kanyakumari district. The image presents skeletons and jarred specimens in a private biology museum. The collection is enhanced with instants of the personal encroaching on the scientific with inclusions such as the remains of Shikamoni’s pet dog. “Staging at Nedumbarakkadu” is a photograph of a photograph of a man’s pre-staged lying in coffin. The work approaches the unwitting act of performance art- with an open casket, and wife and father-in-law in attendance. In “Preparations for Karthikeyan’s Post Mortem” a fallen elephant Karthikeyan is shown among a mass of gathering public. A note that accompanies the work tells of his demise following a road accident, his extraction from the vehicle, the efforts of doctors and locals to revive him and his death 14 hours after the accident.

</doc>
<doc id="36771806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771806" title="2012–13 Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters season">
2012–13 Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters season

The 2012–13 Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters season is the 23rd season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

</doc>
<doc id="36771839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771839" title="Saad Hassar">
Saad Hassar

Saad Hassar ( – born 21 February 1953, Salé) is a Moroccan politician. Between 2007 and 2012, he was Secretary of State for the Interior in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi, succeeding Fouad Ali El Himma.
Saad Hassar studied at the Mission laïque française of Rabat ("Lycée Descartes") and at the École Spéciale des Travaux Publics of Paris. He is a nephew of Abdelkrim al-Khatib, co-founder of the National Popular Movement which later became the Justice and Development Party, and cousin of Moroccan Gendarmerie General Hosni Benslimane.

</doc>
<doc id="36771843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771843" title="List of Eastbound &amp; Down episodes">
List of Eastbound &amp; Down episodes

The following is a list of episodes of the HBO comedy television series "Eastbound & Down", which premiered on February 15, 2009. The show focuses on former major league pitcher Kenny Powers and his attempts to return to Major League Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="36771847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771847" title="Real5D">
Real5D

real5D is a virtual platform for viewing real estate, allowing a user to walk through a property and interact with the environment around them, including other virtual visitors or estate agents.
History.
real5D was founded in 2007 by Balazs Farago, a Hungarian real estate developer, and his brothers Daniel and Peter. The company's first customers were European construction and development companies Skanska and TriGránit. In 2012, the founders moved to San Francisco and in July 2012, they raised from venture capital firm "DoubleRock". The company is now headquartered in Redwood City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36771850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771850" title="Locust Grove, Ohio">
Locust Grove, Ohio

Locust Grove, Ohio may refer to the following places in Ohio:

</doc>
<doc id="36771851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771851" title="Jamar Smith">
Jamar Smith

Jamar Smith (born April 7, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Brose Baskets of the German League. Smith spent his collegiate playing time at Illinois and then at Southern Indiana.
Collegiate career.
Illinois.
On January 8, 2004, Smith, a three-star recruit out of Peoria (Illinois) Richwoods High School committed to the University of Illinois basketball program under then-Head Coach Bruce Weber.
Smith began playing for Illinois in the 2005-2006 season. Illinois had just played in the NCAA National Championship game the previous March, and then lost junior guard Deron Williams to the NBA, so the natural shooter Smith seemed to be in a perfect position to step into a vacuum and become a team leader. Even though he was a bench player as a freshman, Smith still managed to be the fifth-highest Illinois scorer that year, appearing in 32 of 33 games; he led the Big Ten Conference in three-point shooting percentage (48.2%), and was a Big Ten All-Freshmen team selection.
The 2006-2007 sophomore season for Smith began with trouble, as he suffered a high ankle sprain in the season opener against Austin Peay when an opposing player stepped on his ankle. Smith missed the next six games, and also injured the other ankle compensating for the sprained ankle; Smith was never at full strength that season. On February 10, 2007, the Fighting Illini lost to basketball arch-rival Indiana University by a score of 61-65 in a game played at Bloomington, Indiana. It would be the last game Jamar Smith ever played in an Illinois jersey.
Southern Indiana.
On December 30, 2008, after a nearly two-year absence from college basketball, Jamar Smith stepped onto the court as a member of the University of Southern Indiana Screaming Eagles. Rusty skills, nerves and embarrassment over having to play while wearing an ankle monitor led to a slow start in his first game for USI, but Smith was soon back to his old form, leading his team to a #2 national ranking in Division II, and was given Honorable Mention Division II All-American, and finished the season averaging 18.5 points per game. As a senior in 2010 Smith was named the Basketball Times Division II Player of the Year, with a career-high 21.6 points per game average.
Collegiate statistics.
There are accumulated statistics for whole four seasons he spent playing the college basketball. Smith played first two seasons in Division I, and the last two in Division II.
Professional career.
Following his college career, Jamar Smith played in the 2010 NBA Summer League for the Minnesota Timberwolves. He went unselected in the NBA Draft. On September 27, 2010, Smith was signed to a one-year unguaranteed minimum salary contract with the Boston Celtics, but was waived four days later. On October 30, the Celtics assigned him to their NBA Development League affiliate, the Maine Red Claws, where he was named to the D-League's All Rookie Second Team. Despite playing virtually all season with a foot injury, he averaged 13.5 points per game, including a double-double (20 points and 10 rebounds) and finished 4th in the league in 3-point shots made.
in April 2011 he was signed to play in Venezuela for Guaiqueries de Margerita, but was released about a week later. In August 2011 he was given a one-year contract by BK Prostejov in the Czech Republic, where he averaged 14.9 points per game.
Smith signed with the Boston Celtics on July 31, 2012 and played for the Celtics in the 2012 NBA Summer League. He appeared in four preseason games, averaging 2.3 points and 1.0 rebound per game. He was waived on October 16, 2012.
About 10 days after being released by the Celtics, he signed to play one year in Israel, for Galil Gilboa. In June 2013, Smith signed with Brose Baskets.
Disciplinary and legal issues.
DUI Arrest.
Forty-eight hours after the Indiana game, on the night of February 12, 2007, Central Illinois experienced one of the biggest blizzards it had received in the previous ten years, dumping 15" of snow in the Champaign area, and making travel dangerous. At approximately 9 PM that night, Smith and Illini teammate Brian Carlwell began drinking at one of the apartments in the complex where they lived in the small town of Savoy, Illinois, about 10 minutes south of the Assembly Hall (now called State Farm Center), the University of Illinois basketball arena. Smith says he was engaged in a drinking game they called "Power Hour"—drinking a shot of tequila every 60 seconds, a dozen shots in total. According to witnesses, Smith and Carlwell left the apartment at approximately 11 PM after "things got really rowdy and out of control" and got into a 1996 Lexus belonging to Smith's grandfather; the two intoxicated 19-year-old players drove off into the blizzard toward the university campus on the snow-packed roads.
Shortly thereafter, Smith returned to the apartment, visibly shaken, and incoherent. About one mile from the apartment, Smith had lost control of the car in the snow, spun 180 degrees, and the passenger door of the car smashed into a tree on the opposite side of the road. He had driven the car back to the apartment complex and Brian Carlwell was still outside in the passenger side of the car—Smith said that Carlwell was dead. Witnesses said the Smith was so distraught over the thought of killing his friend that he broke a window and tried to harm himself and was restrained.
Witnesses outside the apartment saw the damaged car with a person inside who was not moving, and called 911. When authorities arrived, it turned out that Carlwell was not dead, but unconscious—he had suffered a severe concussion and was admitted to a local hospital where he was kept in an induced coma for four days after the accident. Carlwell, a 6'10" freshman reserve center for the Illini, rejoined the team a week later, but did not play in any of the final eight games of the season. He only played in three games for Illinois the following season, and in February 2008, one year after the accident, Carlwell announced that he was transferring to San Diego State University, where he played his final two college seasons.
Jamar Smith was charged with Aggravated DUI (because of Carlwell's severe injuries) and leaving the scene of an accident. Smith's blood alcohol content that night was .176, more than twice the .08 legal limit. Three months after the accident Smith pled guilty to DUI with grievous bodily harm, and the leaving the scene charge was dropped as part of a plea agreement. Partly because Smith had no prior criminal record of any kind, he received a relatively light sentence—15 days in jail, an $850 fine, two years probation, and 75 hours community service. He was also ordered not to consume alcohol as a condition of his probation. After the guilty plea, the Illinois basketball program suspended Smith for one year, and permitted him to redshirt during that time, so as not to lose a year of NCAA eligibility during his suspension.
Smith completed the university suspension in May 2008, and the NCAA basketball pundits were speculating about the effect that the return of Smith to the team would have, since the team had struggled to find a consistent shooter. However Jamar Smith was still under the two year probation restrictions imposed by the court, when on July 25 of that year, police were called to the scene of a 2:30 AM altercation outside a campus-area bar. Smith was not involved in any way in the altercation, but police said they ordered Smith, and others who were at the scene, to stay back away from the altercation to avoid inflaming the incident. Police said that Smith walked away three times, but each time returned to the scene. Police then approached Smith, said he smelled like alcohol and asked him about it, and Smith admitted he had a few beers. As a well-known local athlete, the police knew who Smith was, and they also knew that his DUI sentence prohibited him from consuming alcohol. He was not arrested at that time but a few days later, the Champaign County States Attorney, Julia Reitz, asked a judge to revoke Smith's probation.
As a result of the probation violation, Smith was given a six-month suspended jail sentence, his probation period was extended an additional 18 months, he was ordered to enter an alcohol rehabilitation program, and to wear an alcohol monitoring anklet 24 hours a day until his probation was completed. The University of Illinois announced that Smith was permanently dismissed from the basketball program. Smith arranged with court officials to move to Evansville, Indiana where he completed the ordered rehab, worked in a grocery store, and entered the University of Southern Indiana.
Aftermath.
Jamar Smith is very forthcoming about his alcoholism, the serious errors in judgment he made, and how fortunate he was to be given a second chance—and a third chance—to get his life together. From all reports, Smith, with the help of friends and family, has completely turned his life around. He has said that at some point he would like to travel and speak to young people about his experiences. Smith is still in contact with many people from his time at Illinois, including former head coach Bruce Weber, his best friend from the Illinois team, Chester Frazier, and Brian Carlwell, the player who was riding with 19-year-old Smith in the car on the night that changed the direction of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="36771870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771870" title="Cross of Faithful Service">
Cross of Faithful Service

The Cross of Faithful Service () was instituted by King Carol I in 1906, as a two class cross. In early 1948, together with the Order and Medal of Faithful Service as well as all the traditional Romanian orders, it was discontinued by the Communist Government of Romania.
In 2000 it was re-instituted together with the Order and Medal, as a three class cross. It is the highest state decoration for people without higher education, and the third highest in the National System of Decorations of Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="36771873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771873" title="Medal of Faithful Service">
Medal of Faithful Service

The Medal of Faithful Service () was instituted by King Carol I in April 1878. In early 1948, together with the Order, Cross and all the traditional Romanian orders was disbanded by the communist authorities.
In 2000 it was re-instituted together with the Order and Cross, as a three class medal. It is the second most important award for people without higher education, the equivalent of the Order of Faithful Service.

</doc>
<doc id="36771879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771879" title="Micheal Eric">
Micheal Eric

Micheal Eric (born June 24, 1988) is a Nigerian professional basketball player. He played college basketball at Temple University.
Professional.
After going undrafted in the 2012 NBA draft, he joined the Cleveland Cavaliers for the 2012 NBA Summer League. On August 10, 2012, he signed with the Cavaliers. However, he was waived by the Cavs on October 27.
In November 2012, Eric was acquired by the Canton Charge of the NBA Development League as an affiliate player. On November 1, 2013, he was re-acquired by the Charge. On November 4, he was traded to the Texas Legends. On January 15, 2014, he was waived by the Legends due to a season-ending injury.

</doc>
<doc id="36771884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771884" title="Greater Noida Institute of Technology">
Greater Noida Institute of Technology

The Greater Noida Institute of Technology (GNIT) is a university in Noida, India, specialising in technical and management education. It has been formed by Shri Ram Educational Trust, Noida on no profit basis with a firm determination and commitment to foster a holistic approach towards the development of Engineering and Management Education. The Trust was formed in the year 2000 and the Institute was established in the year 2001
It has been approved by All India Council Of Technical Education and affiliated with "Mahamaya Technical University", Lucknow. At present it is imparting MBA and B.Tech Courses in different disciplines. Institute has also planned to have Master's and Doctor's Programmes in near future.

</doc>
<doc id="36771896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771896" title="Jan Stender">
Jan Stender

Jan Stender (7 May 1906 – 20 October 1989) was a Dutch swimming coach. During the 1940s–1950s he raised at least eight world record holders who set more than 50 world records in total. In 1973, he was inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
Biography.
Stender was born in Zaandam. He spent his youth as an avid sportsman, practising swimming, football, cycling, running, boxing, skating and water polo. In 1931, he was a member of the water polo team "De Dolfijn" from Amsterdam that won the national championships, and as a result was selected into the national team. In 1937, he was employed as the coach of the swimming club of Hilversum. He soon became known for arduous fitness routines where significant time was spent out of the pool. His first success was the silver medal by Tonny Bijland in 200 m breaststroke at the 1939 national championships – the first medal in the history of the club. After World War II, he raised his first international star, Nel van Vliet, a European (1947) and Olympic (1948) gold medalist who set 13 world records in 1946–1947. Instead of searching for talents country wide, Stender tried to develop them in every athlete, and was said to be able "to teach an iron to swim" (). By 1955, he produced eight world record holders from girls living nearby in Hilversum, a town of fewer than 100,000 people. His pupils by then included Nel van Vliet, Mary Kok, Geertje Wielema, Hannie Termeulen, Lenie de Nijs, Judith de Nijs, Atie Voorbij, Greetje Kraan, Ineke Tigelaar, Rita Tigelaar, Rita Kroon and Herman Willemse. However, the next year brought him a great upset: none of them could compete in the 1956 Summer Olympics because of its boycott by the Dutch government. 
In 1973, at the age 67, Stender was inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame. He celebrated this event by running 20 times around the Hall of Fame campus (ca. 7 miles). During those years he was still swimming, spending an hour in a gym and running 13 km daily.

</doc>
<doc id="36771910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771910" title="Glossary of anatomy">
Glossary of anatomy

This article attempts to provide definitions to a number of anatomical terminology, definitions and abbreviations, pertinent to the description of the Central Nervous System.
Anatomical localisation.
The terms used for anatomical localisation are best understood if we think of an animal with a straight CNS, like a lizard. Here the terms "rostral", "caudal", "ventral" and "dorsal" mean respectively towards the rostrum, towards the tail, towards the belly and towards the back. In humans and other primates, the axis of the CNS is bent, and the face (the rostrum) is no longer at one end of the rostro-caudal axis. So, for the brain, "caudal" means towards the back of the head, "ventral" means towards the body, and "dorsal" means towards the top of the head.
It is common to represent the complex 3-D organisation of the CNS through slices, which is called the stereotactic approach ("stereo" from solid object and "tactic" from "tactus", touch). The most common orientation for slices are Axial, a horizontal slice, Coronal, a vertical slice that can show both ears, and Parasagittal, a vertical slice that can show from the nose to the back of the head. A Sagittal slice is the slice that divides the head in two equal left and right sides. A Parasagittal slice is then any slice parallel to the Sagittal slice.
O.
oculo- eye

</doc>
<doc id="36771916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771916" title="Brian Roberts (basketball)">
Brian Roberts (basketball)

Brian Roberts (born December 3, 1985) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball at the University of Dayton.
Professional.
After going undrafted in the 2008 NBA draft, Roberts joined the Orlando Magic for the Orlando Summer League and the Los Angeles Lakers for the Las Vegas Summer League. He later signed with Altshuler Saham Galil Gilboa of Israel for the 2008–09 season.
Roberts joined the Sacramento Kings for the 2009 NBA Summer League. In July 2009, he signed a two-year deal with Brose Baskets of Germany. In August 2011, he re-signed with Brose Baskets on a one-year deal.
Roberts joined the New Orleans Hornets for the 2012 NBA Summer League. On August 16, 2012, he signed a multi-year deal with the Hornets. On March 25, 2013, he had a breakout performance with a career high 18 assists to help the Hornets snap the Denver Nuggets' 15-game winning streak. In April 2013, the Hornets changed their name to the Pelicans.
Roberts joined the New Orleans Pelicans for the 2013 NBA Summer League. He went on to finish with the highest free throw percentage in 2013–14.

</doc>
<doc id="36771938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771938" title="Herbert Weiß">
Herbert Weiß

Herbert Weiß (1 November 1899 – 19 February 1945) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Weiß was killed in action on 19 February 1945 at the Oder.

</doc>
<doc id="36771940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771940" title="Mueller Systems">
Mueller Systems

Mueller Systems is a manufacturer and distributor of advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) and automatic meter reading (AMR) technology, as well as residential, commercial and fire-line meters and related products. It is a subsidiary of Mueller Water Products. Founded as Hawes and Hersey Company in 1859, Mueller Systems is the oldest manufacturer of water meters in the United States.
History.
Mueller Systems was founded in 1859 as Hawes and Hersey Company in Boston, Massachusetts and was a manufacturer of bolts, rotary pumps, and other machinery. In 1885, the company received a patent on the rotary displacement meter and began manufacturing water meters under the name Hersey Meter Company, offering its first rotary and disc meters for sale in 1886.
In 1959, Hersey Meters merged with Sparling Meter Company and began operating as Hersey-Sparling Meter Company. The company operated under this name until 1988, when it was placed under the Mueller Water Products subsidiary, Mueller Co. and re-assumed the name Hersey Meters. Following the Mueller Water Products' acquisition of Arkion Systems in 2009, Hersey was combined with Arkion and began operating as Mueller Systems in 2010, to reflect the broader range of utility management products offered by the combined entity. However, Hersey Meters remains Mueller Systems' brand for water meters.
Products.
Mi.Net.
Mi.Net—Mueller Infrastructure Network for Utilities— is an advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) that automates meter reading and utility billing. It also creates a single data network of meters, distribution sites and control devices using two-way communication. Mi.Net's master data management software, Mi.Host, collects usage data from local data collection modules called Mi.Hubs, which receive usage data via radio frequency transmissions from the Mi.Node transceivers that are attached to each metering unit. Mi.Host then relays the usage data to the local utility department via GPRS or another backhaul method.
The Mi.Net system also includes a web-based portal for consumers to use to monitor their usage, configure alerts and set conservation and budget goals.
Mi.Hydrant.
Mi.Hydrant is a replacement pumper cap for fire hydrants that have built-in RF coverage extenders for AMI networks. This helps fill gaps in the multi-path RF coverage that Mi.Net and similar AMIs need to operate that can be caused by large distances between meters or interference caused by steel meter boxes.
Hot Rod AMR.
Hot Rod is an automatic meter reading system that allows for drive-by meter data collection. Meters outfitted with the Hot Rod Radio Transmitter Unit broadcast to the Street Machine Mobile Data Collector, a device which interfaces with the Microsoft Windows-based EZ Reader software that collects meter reads and meter alarms (such as leak, reverse flow, no flow, and tamper alarms) as a meter reader drives along a given route.
HbMag.
HbMag is an electromagnetic flowmeter for water systems that can endure water pressure, flow and reliability. The meter received third-party certification from Factory Mutual (FM) Approval, a global program that tests and certifies property loss prevention products that meets its stringent standards.
MegaNet.
MegaNet is a high-powered, long-range, fixed-network advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) system. Features include full 2 watts radio transmission, field replaceable lithium battery pack, FCC licensed frequency, instant installation verification, automatically transmits critical alerts, back flow detection, leak detection (extreme or residual), universal MTU, multi-port configurations and Digital Pulse configuration.
Installation case studies.
Asheville, NC.
The Water Department for the City of Asheville, North Carolina, leverages smart meters from Mueller Systems to improve its water infrastructure.
Chillicothe, Missouri.
Chillicothe Municipal Utilities (CMU) in Chillicothe, Missouri implemented the Mi.Net AMI system as part of its initiative to replace over 4,000 water and electricity meters in its system, with the goals of improving customer service, automating meter reading and billing, and preparing to meet future service demands. The Mi.Net AMI system has improved conservation of both water and electricity by providing both CMU and customers with a nearly real-time monitoring capability of usage, which improves consumer awareness of consumption and more immediate notice of potential water leaks and electricity outages to the utility provider. CMU's system upgrade also increased its revenues by reducing the lag time between the beginning of meter reading and the issuance of bills from 15 days to three.
Davie County, North Carolina.
Davie County installed the Hot Rod AMR system to reduce the time and expense of discovering water leaks. The automated system saved the county in meter-reading time and resulted in increased revenues. About half of Davie County's customers have converted to the Hot Rod system, and it will be completely deployed throughout the county by 2015.
Frankfort, New York.
A 2009 Community Development Block Grant funded a meter replacement program in the village of Frankfort, New York. The $500,000 grant covered the replacement of all water and electric meters in the service area, and the upgrade instituted Mueller Systems' AMI system. According to Frankfort Mayor Frank Moracco, the AMI system reduced the number of man-hours required to collect meter reads without eliminating any jobs. The project was awarded first place in the public works category of the New York State Conference of Mayors and Municipal Officials' 24th annual Local Government Achievement Award Program.
Hudson Oaks, Texas.
The city council approved a pilot program in February 2013, which includes the installation and implementation of Mueller's advanced meter-reading systems for the Red Eagle neighborhood. The pilot program will test 50 meters from the start.
Kannapolis, NC.
The City of Kannapolis, North Carolina will upgrade its water system with Mueller Systems' advanced metering infrastructure (AMI) network. Mueller Systems is a provider of innovative water infrastructure products and services and technologically advanced metering systems for water and electric systems. In addition to the Mi.Net System, the City is scheduled to install approximately 18,000 Mueller Systems water meters throughout the City by the end of 2014. A portion of the residential meters will be Mueller Systems' 420 Remote Disconnect Meter (RDM), a fully integrated remote disconnect meter designed to enable the City to remotely manage water services through the Mi.Net System. The City will also offer its constituents tools to manage their water consumption by implementing Mi.Data™, Mueller Systems' consumer portal that provides information about water usage and improved communication between households and the City.
Maumee, Ohio.
To replace its old metering system, the city of Maumee installed the Mi.Net two-way advanced metering infrastructure network for operational efficiencies. The network links the meters, distribution sites and control devices into one data center that will help the water department automate meter readings, identify abnormally high water usage that may indicate water leaks and provide insight for customers regarding their water bills or usage. The city's water customers can monitor their household's water usage and bills using an online portal and set goals to conserve water or save money on future bills, receiving alerts if consumption exceeds their goals. The city is replacing all current compound water meters with HbMag, which will integrate it with the Mi.Net system to monitor the amount of water going in and out of the city. The water department is expected to deploy 6,500 meters in 2013.
South Mesa, California.
South Mesa Water Co. (SMWC) provides water service to about 3,000 customers in Calimesa and Yucaipa, California. The desert-based utility has struggled for years to minimize and reduce consumption, implementing higher rates on customers who used more than 3,500 cubic feet of water every two months. However, this system increased the amount of time spent reading meters and processing bills—it took two meter readers six days every month to read every meter in the system. When the state of California mandated that all water systems reduce usage by 20 percent in 2009, SMWC implemented an initiative to replace its existing metering system with Mueller Systems' Hot Rod AMR System. The amount of time spent collecting meter reads was reduced from six days to four hours, and consumption within SMWC's service area dropped by 22 percent, largely due to the AMR system's real-time monitoring that can detect leaks earlier and provide more detailed usage data to both SMWC and its customers.
Weatherford, Oklahoma.
The city of Weatherford, Oklahoma replaced all 5,500 water meters in its service area and implemented the Mi.Net AMI system in order to upgrade and automate its meter-reading and billing processes. The two-way AMI system is hosted and supported by Mueller and helps the city monitor, manage and streamline the meter-reading process. Weatherford also used Mi.Hydrants to overcome transmission problems caused by steel meter boxes and large distances between some meters. The improved leak detection, consumer information, and billing accuracy afforded by the upgrade of the city's metering system resulted in better conservation and fewer consumer complaints about usage and billing. "Water & Wastes Digest" named the "Weatherford Customer Service & Efficiency Improvement Project" as one of its top projects for 2012.
Yonkers, NY.
Mayor Mike Spano announced the City of Yonkers is partnering with Mueller Systems to overhaul its aging water meter infrastructure and improve the level of service provided to residents. The project includes implementation of Mueller System's MegaNet(TM) System—a high-powered, long-range, fixed-network, advanced metering infrastructure ( AMI) system. The communication system is capable of delivering long-range results with a reliable communication infrastructure. The MegaNet(TM) technology has been in existence for 25 years and has nearly two million transmitters installed in more than 80 countries. In addition, the City is scheduled to install approximately 30,000 Mueller Systems water meters throughout the City by the end of 2014. The City will also offer its customers tools to manage their water consumption by implementing Mi.Data(TM), Mueller Systems' consumer portal. This consumer portal provides utility customers with access to information about their water usage, enhancing service levels and communication between the City and its water consumers.

</doc>
<doc id="36771947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771947" title="Lottery (short story)">
Lottery (short story)

Lottery (, ) is a Hindustani short story written by the Indian author Premchand. The story is told in narrative form from the voice of an unnamed school teacher. The story has been adapted to plays, with theatrical performances presented by Lalit Parimoo's Natsamaj Theatre Group, as well as Mujeeb Khan's Ideal Drama and Entertainment Academy.
Plot summary.
"Lottery" is told in first person, from the point of view of a school teacher. The story presents experiences including the school teacher, his friend Vikram, and Vickram's extended family. The teacher and Vikram discuss the lottery and speculate over their actions if either were to win a prize worth ten lahks of Indian rupees. Vikram states that if he won the lottery, he would take a trip around the world, in order to analyze the traditions and religions of the different countries. He would also establish a large public library, which would offer the world's finest books. The teacher shared with his friend that rather than touring the world, he would deposit all of the money in the bank, in return for the accumulated interest. When Vickram realizes that he lacked the funds to purchase a ticket, he approached the teacher and suggested that they pool their funds and buy a ticket together. The teacher and Vickram each raised five rupees to buy the ticket. While they agreed to divide any and all winnings, Vickram purchased the ticket in his name. 
While the teacher and his friend purchase their lottery ticket, Vikram's father, Bade Thakur Sahib; uncle, Chhote Thakur Sahib (real brother of Vikram's father); and elder brother (Prakash) also each buy their own tickets. When Vickram's family learns that he had purchased a ticket with the teacher, they are not happy and begin scolding Vickram and questioning the teachers motive in partnering with Vickram. At the same time, they all begin fighting over what they would do if any of them were to win the lottery. 
In anticipation of winning the lottery, the different members of Vickram's family begins to contemplate their actions. Vikram's father and uncle, both of whom were confirmed atheists, began attending temple on a regular basis. They also began competing to see who would donate more money to charity. If one brother donated a specific amount of money, then the other would donate double the amount. Prakash, also began increasing his faith and began visiting several local monasteries. Vickram's mother, who generally prided herself on wearing the latest fashion, began fasting and praying. 
As the day of the lottery drawing approached, Vickram and the teacher become suspicious of each other. The teacher begins to question whether or not Vickram would keep their agreement to equally share the winnings. The teacher realized that he had not signed an agreement with Vickram acknowledging that they had gone into a partnership to purchase a ticket with the intention of sharing any money won. Everything relied on Vickram's honesty as his friend. At one point, Vickram expressed that he would be sorry if they won, because he would have to share the money. They ended up arguing and the teacher demanded that his friend sign a document, acknowledging that they had entered into an agreement. When Vickram dismissed his friend's demands, the teacher realized that he could no longer trust his friend and stated that if Vickram refused to sign an agreement, it would be the end of their friendship. The teacher additionally implied that there would be legal recourse if necessary. At the same time that Vickram and the teacher were arguing, Vickram's father and uncle were doing the same, with his mother attempting to mediate between the two brothers. 
While the arguments began to escalate, with various members of the family shouting threats back and forth, Vickram's brother, Prakash arrives home, limping as he walks in the room with injuries to his head and hand. When his father asks him what had happened, he says that he had gone to Jhakkar Baba, who has a power to grant wishes. Prakash shared with his family that before Jhakkar Baba grants wishes, he tests them by throwing rocks at them. While most visitors run away, those that withstand the attack will have their wishes granted. When Prakash survived the stoning, he was assured that he would be the sole winner of the lottery. 
Regardless of their belief in Jhakkar Baba, when the winner of the lottery is announced, a man from Africa wins, rather than any of the characters in the story. The plot is a dramatic irony, with the story ending with surprise ending and a moral message.
Compilations and adaptations.
"Lottery" appears in Indian textbooks and in compilation's of moral education books. It is also included in a compilation of Premchand's writing, entitled "The Premchand Reader, Selected Stories 2", as translated and adapted by Anupa Lal. The story has also been adapted into several plays, including performances by Lalit Parimoo's Natsamaj Theatre Group and Mujeeb Khan's Ideal Drama and Entertainment Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="36771952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771952" title="Tjambuk Api">
Tjambuk Api

Tjambuk Api (literally "Whips of Fire") is a 1958 Indonesian martial arts film directed by D. Djajakusuma and produced by Usmar Ismail. Starring Bambang Irawan, Aminah Cendrakasih, Soekarno M. Noer, and Rendra Karno, it tells of a young villager who must challenge a local criminal to be with his love. The film underwent several modifications over a period of more than a year before it could pass the censorship board, but now remains one of Djajakusuma's better known works.
Plot.
Kasan (Bambang Irawan) lost his father when he was young to an ill-fated whip duel. To avoid such a fate for him, his mother has him become a farmer. He uses his intelligence to create an irrigation system in their village in East Java, which provides them with plenty of rice. However, the village is terrorised by the whip-warrior and criminal Suro (Rendra Karno), who calls for tributes.
The situation becomes more difficult after Kasan falls in love with Suro's daughter, Marni (Aminah Cendrakasih). Although Marni also loves Kasan, Suro insists that she marry his right-hand man Karnen (Sukarno M. Noor) instead. Karnen uses his favoured position as an excuse to torture Kasan, which drives the latter to learn how to fight with a whip.
Marni escapes Karnen and hides at Kasan's homes; her refusal to return to Suro drives him to challenge Kasan to a duel. After a long struggle, Kasan emerges victorious and, after Marni asks him not to kill her father, he lets Suro go. The villagers are free to farm in peace, and Marni and Kasan become husband and wife.
Production.
The director of "Tjambuk Api", D. Djajakusuma, spent a year studying film at the University of Washington in Seattle and the University of Southern California's School of Cinematic Arts in Los Angeles from 1956 to 1957; "Tjambuk Api" was his first film upon returning to Indonesia. The film was made by Perfini, under the leadership of Usmar Ismail; the latter served as producer. The story was written by Titik Soerjo.
"Tjambuk Api" spent three years in production. The budget was reportedly 1.5 million rupiah. The film was reportedly held by the censorship bureau for almost a year causing it to miss the 1958 Asian Film Festival in Manila.
Themes.
"Tjambuk Api" has been read as a critique of the widespread corruption in Indonesia. Ismail wrote that the film was meant to show that Indonesian cinema was capable of producing more than government propaganda. William van der Heide, a lecturer on film studies at the University of Newcastle in Australia, writes that the film and its revenge story at times harks back to Hollywood Westerns, although with whips instead of guns.
Reception.
The film received screenings in 1961. An anonymous review in the Yogyakarta-based daily "Nasional" remarked that Djajakusuma had clearly meant to emphasise the dramatic elements of the story and noted that the audience seemed spellbound by the fighting scenes.
According to "Kompas", "Tjambuk Api" and Djajakusuma's earlier work "Harimau Tjampa" ("Tiger of Tjampa") are his best-known. The two are those most often shown, owing to the fact that ready-to-use copies are stored at Sinematek Indonesia. Van der Heide notes that the film's portrayal of a "headstrong and independent woman" precedes the first such depiction in the neighboring Malay country of Malaysia by 35 years.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36771958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771958" title="Bokaro Public School">
Bokaro Public School

Bokaro Public School is an English medium co-educational Higher Secondary school situated in Bokaro, Jharkhand, India. The school was established in April 1993 and it is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi. The school is run by a non-profit educational society "Sainik Shikha Prachar Samiti". The motto of the school is "Work is Worship".

</doc>
<doc id="36771964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771964" title="Benin at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Benin at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Benin competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36771967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771967" title="Botswana at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Botswana at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Botswana was scheduled to compete at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.
The country had selected a single athlete, visually impaired runner Tshotlego Golden, who would take part in the men's 200m sprint (T13). However, Botswana was forced to withdraw at the last moment, mere hours before the opening ceremony, when the Botswana National Olympic Committee cancelled its financial support, citing "financial irregularities" in the national Paralympics body. 
These were the second consecutive Games in which Botswana had withdrawn at the last moment; in 2008, the country's sole athlete, defending champion sprinter Tshotlego Morama, was injured shortly before the Games began, and had to withdraw.

</doc>
<doc id="36771971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771971" title="Burkina Faso at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Burkina Faso at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Burkina Faso competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36771976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771976" title="Burundi at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Burundi at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Burundi competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9.
A single athlete, middle distance runner Rémy Nikobimeze, who lost his right arm during the Burundi Civil War, qualified for the Games. He received financial support from the Pays de la Loire region in France, and was one of five Burundian athletes selected by former world vice-champion Arthémon Hatungimana to take part in qualifiers. He competed in the men's 800m and 1,500m T46.

</doc>
<doc id="36771977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36771977" title="Dennis Lindsey">
Dennis Lindsey

Dennis Lindsey is the current General Manager of the Utah Jazz. He graduated from Baylor University in 1992 and U.S. Sports Academy in 1994. He played for Baylor basketball team as a guard. Lindsey was an assistant general manager for the San Antonio Spurs (2007–2012), and prior to that with the Houston Rockets. He joined the Houston Rockets during the summer of 1996 as a video coordinator and scout and worked his way up the ladder. He was named the team’s director of basketball development in 1998, was promoted to director of player personnel in 1999 and was elevated to vice president of basketball operations/player personnel in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36772007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772007" title="Duhulla">
Duhulla

The Duhulla is Arabic percussion. It is very similar to Arabic tabla, but has a more bass sound. Some Arabic musicians called this instrument, as Bass Tabla.

</doc>
<doc id="36772013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772013" title="Michelle Ferris">
Michelle Ferris

She is one of the few professional Australian athletes to come out publicly as gay, noting "Whenever I was interviewed after a race during my career, the journalists always asked me about my performance, no one ever asked if I was gay. If that question had been asked, I would have answered it honestly. I've never been afraid of who I am. But when you're talking about your race results, you're not going to add on at the end, 'By the way, I'm gay'." She has served as an ambassador for the Gay Games and stated she "can't say why so many lesbian athletes stay silent. But she says that while it was no secret she was gay when she won her silver medals at the Atlanta and Sydney Olympics, she never spoke about it publicly at the time."

</doc>
<doc id="36772072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772072" title="Adarsh Vidya Mandir, Bokaro">
Adarsh Vidya Mandir, Bokaro

Adarsh Vidya Mandir is a private Higher Secondary school situated in Bokaro, Jharkhand, India. The school management is run by Marwari Panchayat, Chas Bokaro.

</doc>
<doc id="36772102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772102" title="Dolores Soler-Espiauba">
Dolores Soler-Espiauba

Dolores Soler-Espiauba Conesa (born Cartagena, Spain, 1935) is a Spanish writer, winning awards for her novels.
Biography.
Having studied German and Spanish Philology at the Complutense University of Madrid, Soler-Esiauba began work as a teacher in Portugal, France and Poland. In 1974 she moved to Brussels, Belgium, where she worked as a translator and teacher for the European Union.
Her first novel, "Los canardos", was published late in 1987, for which she received the Premio Felipe Trigo. Later she would win the same prize for "Woman with a Landscape of Rain" ("Mujer con paisaje de lluvia") in 1988.
Soler-Espiauba has also received the Premio Andalucía de Novela for "Sister Ana, What Do You See?", the Premio Azorín in 1991, the Premio Café Gijón in 1992 and the Premio Gabriel Miró de Cuentos in 2007 for "The Tomb of King Baltasar".

</doc>
<doc id="36772134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772134" title="Locust Grove, Adams County, Ohio">
Locust Grove, Adams County, Ohio

Locust Grove is an unincorporated community in Adams County, Ohio, United States. Locust Grove is located at the junction of Ohio State Route 41 and Ohio State Route 73 north-northeast of Peebles.
History.
Locust Grove was laid out in 1835. It was named from a grove of locust trees that was planted earlier at the town site.

</doc>
<doc id="36772241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772241" title="Billy Taylor Trio at Town Hall">
Billy Taylor Trio at Town Hall

Billy Taylor Trio at Town Hall (also released as Live! at Town Hall) is a live album by American jazz pianist Billy Taylor recorded in 1954 and released on the Prestige label. 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Billy Taylor except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36772262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772262" title="Kakarbhitta">
Kakarbhitta

Kakarvitta is a neighbourhood in Mechinagar Municipality in Jhapa District of Mechi Zone, southeastern Nepal. 
Demographics.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, Mechinagar had a population of 21,366 people living in 4147 individual households.
Transport.
Kakarvitta is the eastern terminus of Nepal's east-west Mahendra Highway at the country's eastern border with Darjeeling District, West Bengal state, India. The Panitanki neighborhood of Naxalbari is on the other side. There is a border checkpoint for customs and third country nationals. Indian and Nepalese nationals cross without restriction.

</doc>
<doc id="36772284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772284" title="Michal Muller">
Michal Muller

Lieutenant General Michal Muller SSAS SD was a South African military commander, who held the post of Chief of the South African Air Force
He joined the Union Defence Forces in 1948, training as a Pilot. He served with 2 Squadron SAAF in the Korean War, flying a P-51 Mustang.
After his return to South Africa he served in various posts, including CO of 1 Squadron SAAF, 24 Squadron SAAF and Fighter Command
He was appointed Chief of Air Staff operations in July 1978before becoming Chief of the Air Force in December 1979

</doc>
<doc id="36772321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772321" title="Locust Grove, Licking County, Ohio">
Locust Grove, Licking County, Ohio

Locust Grove is an unincorporated community in Licking County, Ohio, United States. Locust Grove is south-southwest of Newark.

</doc>
<doc id="36772322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772322" title="Varmah">
Varmah

Varmah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36772327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772327" title="Search for the Higgs boson">
Search for the Higgs boson

The search for the Higgs boson is a 40 year effort by physicists to prove the existence or non-existence of the Higgs boson, first theorised in the 1960s. The Higgs boson is the last unobserved fundamental particle in the Standard Model of particle physics, and its discovery would be the "ultimate verification" of the Standard Model. In March 2013, the Higgs Boson was officially confirmed to exist.
A confirmed answer would additionally prove or disprove the existence of the hypothetical Higgs field—a field of immense significance that is hypothesised as the source of electroweak symmetry breaking and the means by which elementary particles acquire mass. Symmetry breaking is considered proven but confirming exactly "how" this occurs in nature is a major unanswered question in physics. Proof of the Higgs field (by observing the associated particle), and evidence of its properties, is likely to greatly affect human understanding of the universe, validate the final unconfirmed part of the Standard Model as essentially correct, indicate which of several current particle physics theories are more likely correct, and open up "new" physics beyond current theories. If the Higgs boson were shown not to exist, other alternative sources for the Higgs mechanism would need to be considered and the same experimental equipment would be used for that purpose.
Despite their importance, the search and any proof have been extremely difficult and taken decades, because direct production, detection and verification of the Higgs boson on the scale needed to confirm the discovery and learn its properties requires a very large experimental project and huge computing resources. For this reason, most experiments until around 2011 aimed to exclude ranges of masses, that the Higgs could not have. Ultimately the search lead to the construction of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in Geneva, Switzerland, the largest particle accelerator in the world, designed especially for this and other high energy tests of the Standard Model.
Experiments showed tentative positive signs were found at the end of 2011, and on 4 July 2012 CERN announced that two different experimental teams (the CMS and the ATLAS teams), working in isolation from each other, independently announced they had each confirmed the same result—a previously unknown boson of mass between 125– was proven to exist with a likelihood of error under 1 in a million in each experiment. The newly discovered particle's behaviour has so far been "consistent with" that of the theorized Higgs boson, however as of August 2012 it has yet to be confirmed as a Higgs boson, nor are its properties fully known.
Background.
Experimental requirements.
Like other massive particles (e.g. the top quark and W and Z bosons), Higgs bosons decay to other particles almost immediately, long before they can be observed directly. However, the Standard Model precisely predicts the possible modes of decay and their probabilities. This allows the creation and decay of a Higgs boson to be shown by careful examination of the decay products of collisions.
Therefore although approaches to proving the Higgs were studied in early research from the 1960s, when the particle was proposed, large-scale experimental searches only commenced in the 1980s, with the opening of particle accelerators sufficiently powerful to provide evidence related to the Higgs boson.
Since the Higgs boson, if it existed, could have any mass in a very wide range, a number of very advanced facilities were eventually required for the search. These included very powerful particle accelerator and detectors (in order to create Higgs bosons and detect their decay, if possible), and processing and analysis of vast amounts of data, requiring very large worldwide computing facilities. For example, over 300 trillion (3 x 1014) proton-proton collisions at the LHC were analysed in confirming the July 2012 particle's discovery, requiring construction of the so-called LHC Computing Grid, the world's largest computing grid (as of 2012) comprising over 170 computing facilities in 36 countries. Experimental techniques included examination of a wide range of possible masses (often quoted in GeV) in order to gradually narrow down the search area and rule out possible masses where the Higgs was unlikely, statistical analysis, and operation of multiple experiments and teams in order to see if the results from all were in agreement.
Experimental search and discovery of unknown boson.
Early limits.
In the early 1970s there were only few constraints on the existence of the Higgs boson. The limits that did exist came from the absence of the observation of Higgs related effects in nuclear physics, neutron stars, and neutron scattering experiments. This resulted in the conclusion that the Higgs—if it existed—was heavier than .
Early Collider Phenomenology.
In the mid 1970s, the first studies exploring how the Higgs boson may show itself in particle collision experiments were published. However, the prospect of actually finding the particle were not very good; the authors of one of the first articles on Higgs phenomenology warned:
One of the problems was that at the time there was almost no clue to the mass of the Higgs boson. Theoretical considerations left open a very wide range somewhere between and with no real indication where to look.
Large Electron–Positron Collider.
In the early planning studies for the Large Electron–Positron Collider (LEP) at CERN, the Higgs boson played no role. In fact, it does not appear to be mentioned in any of the reports until 1979. The first detailed study examining the possibilities of discovering the Higgs boson at LEP appeared in 1986. There after the search for the Higgs boson became firmly established within the LEP program.
As its name implies the Large Electron–Positron Collider, collided electrons with positrons. The three most important ways in which such a collision could lead to the production of a Higgs boson were:
The fact that no decays of the Z boson to the Higgs were observed at LEP immediately implies that the Higgs boson, if it existed, must be heavier than the Z boson (~). Subsequently, with each successive energy upgrade of the LEP, hope re-emerged that discovery of the Higgs was just around the corner. Just prior to the planned shut down of LEP in 2000, few events that resemble a Higgs boson with a mass of ~ were observed. This led to extension of the final LEP run by a few months. But in the end the data was inconclusive and insufficient to justify another run after the winter break and the difficult decision was made to shut down and dismantle LEP to make room for the new Large Hadron Collider in November 2000. The inconclusive results of the direct search for the Higgs boson at LEP resulted in a final lower bound of the Higgs mass at the 95% confidence level.
In parallel to the direct search program, LEP made precision measurements of many observables of the weak interactions. These observables are sensitive to the value of the Higgs mass through contributions of processes containing loops of virtual Higgs bosons. This allowed for the first time a direct estimate of the Higgs mass of about . This estimate however is subject to the condition that the Standard Model is all there is, and no physics beyond the Standard Model come into play at these energy levels. New physical effects could potentially alter this estimate substantially.
Superconducting Super Collider.
Planning for a new powerful collider to explore new physics at the >1 TeV scale had already started in 1983. The Superconducting Super Collider was to accelerate protons in an underground circular tunnel just outside Dallas, Texas to energies of each. One of the primary goals of this megaproject was finding the Higgs boson.
In preparation for this machine, extensive phenomenological studies were produced for the production of Higgs bosons in hadron colliders. The big downside of hadron colliders for search for the Higgs is that they collide composite particles, and as a consequence produce many more background events and provide less information about the initial state of the collision. On the other hand, they provide a much higher centre-of-mass energy than lepton colliders (such as LEP) of a similar technological level. However, hadron colliders also provide another way producing a Higgs boson through the collision of two gluons mediated by a triangle of heavy (top or bottom) quarks.
The Superconducting Super Collider project however was plagued by budget problems, and in 1993 Congress decided to pull the plug on the project despite $2 billion having already been spent.
Tevatron.
On 1 March 2001, the Tevatron Proton-antiproton (p) collider at Fermilab near Chicago commenced its run 2. After run 1 (1992–1996), in which the collider had discovered the top quark, Tevatron had shut down for significant upgrades focused on improving the potential for finding the Higgs boson; the energies of the protons and antiprotons was bumped up to , and the number of collisions per second was increased by an order of magnitude (with further increases planned as the run continued). Even with the upgrades Tevatron was not guaranteed to find the Higgs. If the Higgs were too heavy (>), then the collisions would not have enough energy to produce a Higgs boson. If it were too light (<), then the Higgs would predominantly decay to pairs of bottom quarks—a signal that would be swamped by background events, and the Tevatron would not produce enough collisions to filter out the statistics. Nonetheless, the Tevatron was at the time the only operational particle collider that was sufficiently powerful to be capable of seeking the Higgs particle at the time.
Operation was planned to continue until the Tevatron could no longer keep up with the Large Hadron Collider. This point was reached on 30 September 2011, when the Tevatron was shut down. In their final analyses, the collaborations of the two detectors at Tevatron (CDF and DØ) report that based on their data they can exclude the possibility of a Higgs boson with a mass between and and between and at a 95% confidence level. In addition, they found an excess of events that could be from a Higgs boson in the range 115–. However, the significance of the statistics is deemed too low to base any conclusions on.
On 22 December 2011, the DØ collaboration also reported limitations on the Higgs boson within the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model, an extension to the Standard Model. Proton-antiproton (p) collisions with a centre-of-mass energy of 1.96 TeV had allowed them to set an upper limit for Higgs boson production within MSSM ranging from 90 to 300 GeV, and excluding  > 20–30 for masses of the Higgs boson below 180 GeV ( is the ratio of the two Higgs doublet vacuum expectation values).
Large Hadron Collider.
Full operation at the LHC was delayed for 14 months from its initial successful tests, on 10 September 2008, until mid-November 2009, following a magnet quench event nine days after its inaugural tests that damaged over 50 superconducting magnets and contaminated the vacuum system. The quench was traced to a faulty electrical connection and repairs took several months; electrical fault detection and rapid quench-handling systems were also upgraded.
Data collection and analysis in search of Higgs intensified from 30 March 2010 when the LHC began operating at 7 Tev . Preliminary results from the ATLAS and CMS experiments at the LHC as of July 2011 excluded a Standard Model Higgs boson in the mass range 155- and 149-, respectively, at 95% CL. All of the above confidence intervals were derived using the CLs method.
As of December 2011 the search had narrowed to the approximate region to 115–130 GeV, with a specific focus around 125 GeV, where both the ATLAS and CMS experiments had independently reported an excess of events, meaning that a higher than expected number of particle patterns compatible with the decay of a Higgs boson were detected in this energy range. The data was insufficient to show whether or not these excesses were due to background fluctuations (i.e. random chance or other causes), and its statistical significance was not large enough to draw conclusions yet or even formally to count as an "observation", but the fact that two independent experiments had both shown excesses at around the same mass led to considerable excitement in the particle physics community.
At the end of December 2011, it was therefore widely expected that the LHC would provide sufficient data to either exclude or confirm the existence of the Standard Model Higgs boson by the end of 2012, when their 2012 collision data (at energies of 8 TeV) had been examined.
Updates from the two LHC teams continued during the first part of 2012, with the tentative December 2011 data largely being confirmed and developed further. Updates were also available from the team analysing the final data from the Tevatron. All of these continued to highlight and narrow down the 125 GeV region as showing interesting features.
On 2 July 2012, the ATLAS collaboration published additional analyses of their 2011 data, excluding boson mass ranges of 111.4 GeV to 116.6 GeV, 119.4 GeV to 122.1 GeV, and 129.2 GeV to 541 GeV. They observed an excess of events corresponding to the Higgs boson mass hypotheses around 126 GeV with a local significance of 2.9 sigma. On the same date, the DØ and CDF collaborations announced further analysis that increased their confidence. The significance of the excesses at energies between 115–140 GeV was now quantified as 2.9 standard deviations, corresponding to a 1 in 550 probability of being due to a statistical fluctuation. However, this still fell short of the 5 sigma confidence, therefore the results of the LHC experiments were necessary to establish a discovery. They excluded Higgs mass ranges at 100–103 and 147–180 GeV.
Discovery of new boson.
On 22 June 2012 CERN announced an upcoming seminar covering tentative findings for 2012, and shortly afterwards rumours began to spread in the media that this would include a major announcement, but it was unclear whether this would be a stronger signal or a formal discovery. Speculation escalated to a "fevered" pitch when reports emerged that Peter Higgs, who proposed the particle, was to be attending the seminar. On 4 July 2012 CMS announced the discovery of a previously unknown boson with mass 125.3 ± 0.6 GeV/"c"2 and ATLAS of a boson with mass 126.5 GeV/"c"2.
Using the combined analysis of two interaction types (known as 'channels'), both experiments reached a local significance of 5 sigma — or less than a 1 in one million chance of error. When additional channels were taken into account, the CMS significance was 4.9 sigma.
The two teams had been working 'blinded' from each other for some time, meaning they did not discuss their results with each other, providing additional certainty that any common finding was genuine validation of a particle. This level of evidence, confirmed independently by two separate teams and experiments, meets the formal level of proof required to announce a confirmed discovery. CERN have been cautious, and stated only that the new particle is "consistent with" the Higgs boson, but scientists have not positively identified it as being the Higgs boson, pending further data collection and analysis.
On July 31, the ATLAS collaboration presented further data analysis, including a third channel. They improved the significance to 5.9sigma, and described it as an "observation of a new particle" with mass . Also CMS improved the significance to 5sigma with the boson's mass at . Even though the data is consistent with the Higgs boson, further analysis is necessary.
This announcement means that observations show the newly discovered boson "could" be a Higgs boson, and it is widely believed by scientists to be very likely a Higgs boson, but further study of this particle, now that its existence is proven, will still be required to place beyond doubt the question whether the particle "is in fact" confirmed as a Higgs boson.
Identification and study of 2012 particle as a candidate Higgs boson.
The boson announced in July 2012 is not yet confirmed to be a Higgs boson. If it were a Higgs boson, then there would remain further questions as several theories have different versions of the Higgs boson and field.
Therefore the search for the Higgs boson did not conclude with the 2012 particle's discovery – proof that a particle exists is not proof that the particle is indeed a Higgs boson, or that the discovered particle matches a specific theory about the Higgs boson, or that it could not be some other unknown particle which behaves "in some ways" like a Higgs boson.
Rather, the new particle is "possibly" a Higgs boson, and so far as early results allow it "behaves quite like" a Higgs boson is expected to behave, but further tests are required to examine the likelihood that it is indeed a Higgs boson.
2012 (post-discovery).
As of 2012, observations have been consistent with the observed particle being the Standard Model Higgs boson. The particle decays into at least some of the predicted channels. Moreover, the production rates and branching ratios for the observed channels match the predictions by the Standard Model within the experimental uncertainties. However, the experimental uncertainties currently still leave room for alternative explanations. It is therefore too early to conclude that the found particle is indeed the Standard Model Higgs.
Further confirmation will require more precise data on some of the characteristic of the new particle, including its other decay channels and various quantum numbers such as its parity. To allow for further data gathering, the current LHC proton-proton collision run has been extended by seven weeks, postponing the planned long shutdown for upgrades in 2013. It is hoped that this extra data will allow a more conclusive statement on the nature of the new particle in December.
In November 2012, in a conference in Tokyo researchers said evidence gathered since July was falling into line with the basic Standard Model more than its alternatives, with a range of results for several interactions matching that theory's predictions. Physicist Matt Strassler highlights "considerable" evidence that the new particle is not a pseudoscalar negative parity particle (a required finding for a Higgs boson), "evaporation" or lack of increased significance for previous hints of non-Standard Model findings, expected Standard Model interactions with W and Z bosons, absence of "significant new implications" for or against supersymmetry, and in general no significant deviations to date from the results expected of a Standard Model Higgs boson. However some kinds of extensions to the Standard Model would also show very similar results; based on other particles that are still being understood long after their discovery, it could take many years to know for sure, and decades to understand the particle that has been found.
Premature media reports of confirmation as a Higgs boson.
In late 2012, "Time", Forbes, "Slate", "NPR", and others announced incorrectly that the existence of the Higgs boson had been confirmed. Numerous statements by the discoverers at CERN and other experts since July 2012 had reiterated that a particle was discovered but it was not yet confirmed to be a Higgs boson. It was only in March 2013 that it was announced officially. This was followed by the making of a documentary film about the hunt.
Timeline of experimental evidence.
These findings meet the formal level required to announce a new particle which is "consistent with" the Higgs boson, but scientists have not positively identified it as being the Higgs boson, pending further analysis.

</doc>
<doc id="36772369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772369" title="Locust Grove, Mahoning County, Ohio">
Locust Grove, Mahoning County, Ohio

Locust Grove is an unincorporated community in Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. Locust Grove is located on Ohio State Route 165 south-southwest of Youngstown.

</doc>
<doc id="36772388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772388" title="Christian Wallumrød">
Christian Wallumrød

Christian Wallumrød (born 26 April 1971 in Kongsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (piano, organ and electronic keyboards) and composer, and is considered one of the most prominent musicians of the younger Norwegian generation, known from releases with his own "Christian Wallumrød Ensemble" on the German label ECM Records, while regularly touring and appearing in festivals in Norway, elsewhere in Scandinavia and Europe, and in the US. He is the brother of jazz vocalist Susanna Wallumrød and the drummer Fredrik Wallumrød, and cousin to the pianist David Wallumrød.
Career.
Wallumrød was educated on the Jazz Program at "Trondheim Musikkonservatorium", where he cooperated with the bands "Airamero", "Nutrio" together with Eldbjørg Raknes and Arve Henriksen, as well as in a trio with drummer Espen Rud and bassist Johannes Eick, among others. After moving to Oslo he has played in a quartet with Petter Wettre, composed the commissioned work "Eight Thirty" for Kongsberg Jazz Festival with Ståle Storløkken (1994), and operated the trio "Close Erase" with Ingebrigt Håker Flaten (bass) and Per Oddvar Johansen (drums), with four releases. He has also contributed on recordings within a wide range of musical expressions, like Odd Børretzen & Lars Martin Myhre ("Noen ganger er det all right", 1995), Jon Eberson's Jazzpunkensemblet ("Thirteen Rounds", 1997), Jacob Young ("Glow", 1999), with Arve Henriksen, Jan Bang and Erik Honoré ("Birth wish", 2000), and last but not the leased Audun Kleive's Generator X ("Generator X", 2000)
Wallumrød has continued the cooperation with Henriksen, in trio wit Hans-Kristian Kjos Sørensen with the albums "No birch" (1997) and "Birth wish" (2001), and in his own "Christian Wallumrød Ensemble" with Per Oddvar Johansen (trommer) releasing "Sofienberg variations" (2003) and "A year from easter" (2005), all on the legendary German label ECM.
In the autumn 2006 he toured with his own Christian Wallumrød Sextet, consisting of the personnel from his Christian Wallumrød Ensamble reinforced with string trio Tanja Orning (cello), Gjermund Larsen (violin) and Giovanna Pessi (harp). Other prominent partnership include Ketil Gutvik, Sidsel Endresen and Jan Bang, resulting in a series of album releases. On his latest albums "Fabula Suite Lugano" (2009) and "Outstairs" (2013) with Christian Wallumrød Ensamble, he leads a virtuoso ensemble at low speed. It is a beautiful but unsettling experience. We get a mixture of catchy songs with recognizable melodies and simple harmonies, combined with idea-based compositions where the musicians' improvising abilities are expressed.
John Kellman of the All About Jazz magazine recognized Christian Wallumrød Ensemble's appearance at TD Ottawa Jazz Festival June 2013, as no. 8 of his "Best Live Shows of 2013".

</doc>
<doc id="36772410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772410" title="Holy Cross School, Bokaro">
Holy Cross School, Bokaro

Holy Cross School is a Christian minority co-educational school situated in Bokaro Steel City, Jharkhand, India. The school was established in April 1974 and it is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi. The school's management is run by International Christian Women Religious Congregation known as ‘Sisters of Mercy of Holy Cross’.

</doc>
<doc id="36772427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772427" title="Pico Alto (Santa Maria)">
Pico Alto (Santa Maria)

Pico Alto (literally "high/tall peak") is the highest point, , on the island of Santa Maria, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
History.
The initial formation of the Facho-Pico Alto Volcanic Complex was a phase of intense volcanism, resulting from submarine eruptions as early as 5 million years ago, resulting in the formation of Pico do Facho and extensive pillow lavas. Remnants of these pillow lavas can be identified above sea level, helping to increase the size of the island to roughly its current dimensions.
Following these eruptions, the land receded into the sea, resulting into a period of sub-aerial volcanism that resulted in the great relief in the complex, which is associated with lahars and erosional growth. The Pico Alto complex occurred continuously between 5 and 3 million years ago.
On 5 December 2012, the "Secretaria Regional dos Recursos Naturais" ("Regional Directorate for Natural Resources") announced that they were beginning a reforestation program for Pico Alto; the forest of Santa Maria was considered ""more identitical to those original [pre-colonization] forests of the Azores"". Using seed from the Forest Service of Nordeste, the operational team of the Nature Park of Santa Maria began planting endemic species of Heather ("Vaccinium cylindraceum"), Azores Laurel ("Laurus azorica") and other plants. This followed a program of eliminating invasive plants species that began in 2011, under the "Plano Regional de Controle de Flora Invasora em Áreas Sensíveis" program.
Geography.
The island of Santa Maria was created from successive layers of volcanic materials and marine sediments stratified over the course of a formative period, of which Pico Alto was created between 2 and 5 million years ago. The oldest island in the Azores, many of the original geological structures and volcanic morphology has been totally or partially eroded, dismantled and difficult to detect in the landscape of the island. Pico Alto being the largest structure within the "Facho-Pico Alto Volcanic Complex" has persisted throughout the island's geological history.
Geomorphologically, Pico Alto is part of a sierra localized in the central part of the island, consisting of a mountainous north-south alignment dividing the a rugged eastern coast from the western plain that rarely exceeds in elevation. The eastern or mountainous zone, is covered almost completely in vegetation, and highlighted by the peaks of Pico Alto, Cavacas , and Caldeiras .
The Facho-Pico Alto Volcanic Complex was constructed in three phases: the first related to stratovolcanic unit of Facho, and then, two lateral centres associated with Pico Alto. The volcanism that originated Facho was submarine in nature, with two visible centres positioned in the southern part of the island: Pico do Facho and a second pyroclastic cone situated west of Rocha Alta (the remains of its chamber still visible along the coast). Both these emission centre were responsible for pyroclastic and submarine lava flows. In the northern coast, there was likely another eruptive centre associated within this volcanic unit, but erosion makes its localization difficult. Following a long period of volcanic activity, conditions changed, allowing the deposition of sediments and formation of beaches. These deposits were constructed of conglomerates of stone and marine fossils, such as in Pedraque-Pica.
Pico Alto, resulted from fissural eruption developing in the eastern corner of the island. The inferior layer developed in the area of the central sierra and contributed to the growth of the eastern part of the island. These were sub-aerial eruptions, and the volcanic structures were submersed, simultaneously occurring an important submarine eruption, with evidence located in the areas from the Bay of Tagarete until Ponta da Malbusca, and along the eastern coast. The unique eruptive centre of this activity was in Pico Maloás.
The second, or superior eruption, covers a great part of the eastern part of the island, resulting from sub-aerial and submarine eruptions. The periods of sub-aerial activity resulted in extensive outcroppings, lava fields, layered pyroclasts, dykes and numerous seams (approximately 230), that originated in the central relief of Cavacas until Caldeira, and passing through Pico Alto, while submarine lava flows extended into the sea in the Bay of São Lourenço, Maia and Ponta do Castelo.
Both series of fissual eruptions are separated by terrestrial and marine sediments. The first constituted exclusively by alluvium deposits and surface runoff, including lahars, in the form of conglomerates and loamy coarse particulates, such as those in Bom Despacho Velho and Alto do Poente, as well as between Feteiras and Poço Grande. Marine sediments are confined to the older beaches, such as Ponta dos Matos, Ponta da Rocha or Ponta do Castelo. Some, like in Ponta do Castelo, are composed of calcrious fossils dating to the Pliocene.

</doc>
<doc id="36772431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772431" title="List of pitch and putt national associations">
List of pitch and putt national associations

Andorra.
Pitch and putt in Andorra is managed by the Associació Andorrana de Pitch and Putt, and is played on two courses -"El Torrent" and "Vall d'Ordino". Andorra was the runner-up in the 2006 Pitch and putt World Cup. In the European Championships they have reached the 5th place twice (2007 and 2010)
Australia.
Pitch and putt in Australia is managed by the Australian Pitch and Putt Association (APPA), one of the founders of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA). Australia has played two World Cups with a 13th place in 2006 and the 8th place in 2008
Belgium.
Belgium participated for the first time in the World Cup in the third edition, played in Papendal.
Catalonia.
Pitch and putt in Catalonia is managed by the Catalan Federation of Pitch and putt (FCPP) and has been played since the eighties when Martin Withelaw build a course in Solius (Santa Cristina d'Aro). In 2007 the number of federated players was more than 14,000.
In 1999 the "Associació Catalana de Pitch and putt" was one of the founders of the European Pitch and Putt Association, the governing body that develops the pitch and putt in Europe and stages a European Team Championship, where Catalonia has won in 2010.
In 2006 the "Federació Catalana de Pitch and putt" participated in the creation of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA), that stages a biennial World Cup Team Championship. Catalonia has won 2 World Cups (2004 and 2006) and one European Championship (2010).
Chile.
Pitch and putt in Chile is managed by the Federación Chilena de Pitch and Putt (FCPP).
"Federación Chilena de Pitch and Putt" is one of the founders of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA). Chile has played twice in the Pitch and Putt World Cup, in 2006, with a 8th place and in 2008 with a 5th place.
Denmark.
Pitch and Putt in Denmark is managed by the [http://www.danskpitchputtunion.dk] Dansk Pitch and Putt Union (DPPU).In 2006 the "Danish Pitch & Putt Union " participated in the creation of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA)
"Dansk Pitch and Putt Union" was one of the founders of International Pitch and Putt Association [http://www.i-pp-a.org] IPPA, after vacating their associated membership of FIPPA and EPPA.
Denmark has played once the Pitch and Putt World Cup, in 2006, with a 12th place.The first Pitch & Putt Danish Open was held at Nivå Pitch&Putt Club 2009.
France.
Pitch and putt in France is managed by the Association Française de Pitch & Putt (AFPP).
In 1999 the "Association Française de Pitch & Putt" was one of the founders of the European Pitch and Putt Association, the governing body that develops the pitch and putt in Europe and stages a biennial European Team Championship, where France reached the third place in 2003.
In 2006 the "Association Française de Pitch & Putt" participated in the creation of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA), that stages a biennial World Cup Team Championship. France obtained the third place in 2004.
In 2009 vacated their membership of FIPPA and EPPA and joined another international association, IPPA.
Germany.
Pitch and Putt in Germany is managed by Deutscher Pitch & Putt Verband e.V. (DPPV).
"Deutscher Pitch & Putt Verband e.V." is associated member of the European Pitch and Putt Association, and associated member of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA). They reached the 13th place in the 2008 World Cup ant the 8th place in the 2010 European Championship .
United Kingdom.
Pitch and putt in the UK is managed by the British Pitch and Putt Association (BPPA).
"British Pitch and Putt Association" was in 1999 one of the founders of the European Pitch and Putt Association, the governing body that develops the pitch and putt in Europe and stages a biennial European Team Championship, where Great Britain reached the second place in 1999.
In 2006 the "British Pitch and Putt Association" participated in the creation of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA), that stages a biennial World Cup Team Championship. Their best performance in the World Cup was in 2008 with a 4th place. In their six participations in the European Championships have reached a 2nd place in 1999 and a 3rd place in 2007.
Ireland.
Pitch and putt in Ireland is managed by the Pitch and Putt Union of Ireland (PPUI).
"Pitch and Putt Union of Ireland" was In 1999 one of the founder members of the European Pitch and Putt Association, the governing body that develops the pitch and putt in Europe and stages a biennial European Team Championship. Ireland has won 5 European Championships (1999, 2001, 2003, 2005 and 2007). In 2008 Ireland won the World Cup.
Also in 2006 the "Pitch and Putt Union of Ireland" created the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA), that stages a biennial World Cup Team Championship. 
India.
Pitch and putt in INDIA is governed by Indian Pitch and Putt Union (IPPU).
"Indian Pitch and Putt Union" is member of IPPA (International Pitch and Putt Association)and apex body in India for the development of Pitch and Putt Sport. Constituted on 30th March 2011 in New Delhi, India as Non Profit organization. 
Efforts of Indian Pitch and Putt Union (IPPU) to promote Golf in India are also appreciated by World Golf Foundation (WGF). Mr. Steve Mona, CEO of WGF given his support and encourage program of IPPU to develop Pitch and Putt Golf in India. World Golf Foundation is the largest platform of the Golf in the World. Board Members of WGF includes R&A, USGA, PGA, LGPA and few other prominent Golf organizations of the world.
Italy.
Pitch and putt in Italy is managed by the Federazione Italiana de Pitch and Putt (FIPP).
In 1999 the "Federazione Italiana de Pitch and Putt" was one of the founders of the European Pitch and Putt Association, the governing body that develops the pitch and putt in Europe and stages a biennial European Team Championship, where Italy reached the third place in 1999 and 2001.
In 2006 the "Federazione Italiana de Pitch and Putt" participated in the creation of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA), that stages a biennial World Cup Team Championship.
In 2009 vacated their membership of FIPPA and EPPA and joined another international association, IPPA.
Netherlands.
Pitch and putt in the Netherlands is managed by the Netherlands Federation of Pitch and putt (NPPB).
In 1999 the "Nederlandse Pitch and Putt Bond" was one of the founders of the European Pitch and Putt Association, the governing body that develops the pitch and putt in Europe and stages a biennial European Team Championship, where the Netherlands reached the second place in 2005 and the 3rd in 2010.
In 2006 the "Nederlandse Pitch and Putt Bond" participated in the creation of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA), that stages a biennial World Cup Team Championship. The Netherlands obtained the second place in 2004 and in 2008. 
Norway.
Pitch and putt in Norway is managed by the Norges Pitch & Putt Forbund (NPPF).
"Norges Pitch & Putt Forbund" is member of the European Pitch and Putt Association, and one of the founders of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA) in 2006.
Norway reached the 4th place in the 2004 Pitch and putt World Cup and the 6th place twice in the European Championships (2007 and 2010).
Portugal.
Pitch and putt in Portugal is managed by the Portuguese Golf Federation (FPG
Portuguese Golf Federation is one of the founders of the IPPA [http://internationalpitchputtassociation.org/gestormsl]
San Marino.
Pitch and putt in San Marino is managed by the Federazione Sanmarinese Pitch and Putt (FSPP).
"Federazione Sanmarinese Pitch and Putt" is member of IPPA, after vacating their membership of FIPPA and EPPA.
San Marino reached the 6th place in the European Pitch and putt Championship in 2005 and the 8th place in the Pitch and Putt World Cup in 2004.
Spain.
Pitch and putt in Spain is mainly played in Catalonia (more than 14000 players in 2007), where it is managed by the Catalan Federation of Pitch and putt (FCPP) and has been played since the eighties when Martin Withelaw build a course in Solius (Santa Cristina d'Aro, Girona). Catalonia, being the most important Spanish region where pitch and putt is played, is also the seat of the ASEPP, the not as important Spanish National Association for Pitch and Putt. Other regions where it is played, though not so widely, are Valencia, Andalusia and Galicia, each with their own regional federations (AVPP, APPA, ASGAPP respectively), as well as the Canary Islands, Basque Country and Madrid, where pitch and putt is integrated into the golf regional associations.
Switzerland.
Pitch and putt in Switzerland is managed by the Schweizerischen Pitch and Putt Verband-Swiss Pitch and Putt Association (SPPA).
"Schweizerischer Pitch and Putt Verband" is member of the European Pitch and Putt Association, and one of the founders of the Federation of International Pitch and Putt Associations (FIPPA) in 2006.
Switzerland reached the 7th place in the 2004 World Cup and the 7th place in the 2010 European Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36772477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772477" title="Elena Paparizou &amp; Melisses Live">
Elena Paparizou &amp; Melisses Live

Elena Paparizou & Melisses Live was a joint concert tour by Greek contemporary laïka and pop singer Elena Paparizou and the Greek pop band Melisses started in Pafos, Cyprus on July 27, 2012. The acts toured 10 cities in Greece and three in Cyprus, ending in September 2012. The first solo tour for Melisses, it had been after being postponed for a week due to National Cyprus Day and to the economic crisis in Greece.
Background.
On June 10, 2012, Elena Paparizou guest-starred on Petro Kostiopoulos's final show, "Vradi." Paparizou and Melisses performed the track "Popular" by Eric Saade as a part of their act. Originally Paparizou and Melisses stated their summer tour would begin in late June; however, tour dates were later changed. Tour dates were publicized on Paparizou and Melisses' official Facebook pages.

</doc>
<doc id="36772514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772514" title="Lady Carla">
Lady Carla

Lady Carla (foaled 8 March 1993) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the Epsom Oaks in 1996. In a racing career which lasted from October 1995 to July 1997 the filly ran six times and won three races. After winning her only race as a two-year-old, Lady Carly won the Listed Oaks Trial Stakes at Lingfield Park on her three-year-old debut. Four weeks later she maintained her unbeaten run in the Classic Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom, winning by nine lengths. She was beaten when favourite for the Irish Oaks and finished unplaced in two races the following season before being retired to stud.
Background.
Lady Carla was a bay mare with a white star, bred by the Meon Valley Stud in Hampshire, England. Her sire, Caerleon, won the Prix du Jockey Club and the Benson & Hedges Gold Cup in 1983 and went on to become an “excellent” stallion, siring the winners of more than 700 races including Generous, Cape Verdi, Marienbard and Warrsan. Lady Carla's dam, Shirley Superstar, won one minor race and produced no other important winners, but was a daughter of the Nassau Stakes runner-up Odeon. As a descendant of the French broodmare Democratie, she was related to the Oaks winners Juliette Marny and Scintillate as well as the St Leger winner Julio Mariner, the Nunthorpe Stakes winner Matatina and the Middle Park Stakes winner Showdown.
As a yearling, Lady Carla was sent to the Tattersalls September sales at Newmarket, where she was bought for 220,000 guineas by Wafic Said's Addison Racing Ltd. Lady Carla was sent into training with Henry Cecil at his Warren Place stables at Newmarket. She was ridden to all her wins by the veteran Irish jockey Pat Eddery.
Racing career.
Lady Carla did not appear on a racecourse in 1995 until late October, when she was sent to contest a £4,000 maiden race at Leicester Racecourse. She started the 5/2 second favourite in a field of twelve runners and won by four lengths from the colt General Macarthur.
Six and a half months after her debut, Lady Carla made her first appearance as a three-year-old in the Oaks Trial Stakes over eleven and a half furlongs at Lingfield Park. She started 4/11 favourite against three opponents and led from the start to win by three and a half lengths from Flame Valley and Moody's Cat.
The field for the 1996 Epsom Oaks was not a strong one, with the Rockfel Stakes winner Bint Salsabil being the only one of the eleven fillies to have won at Group race level. The best filly of the season, Bosra Sham (also owned by Said and trained by Cecil), was rested during the summer after winning the 1000 Guineas. Lady Carla was made 100/30 second favourite behind Pricket, the representative of Sheikh Mohammed's Godolphin organisation. Pricket had been trained by Henry Cecil before until Sheikh Mohammed had withdrawn all his horses from the Warren Place stable the previous autumn. Pat Eddery positioned Lady Carla among the leaders from the start and turned into the straight in second place behind Moody's Cat. Two furlongs from the finish, Lady Carla took the lead and accelerated clear of the field, winning by nine lengths from Pricket, with Mezzogiorno half a length back in third. The winning distance was the fourth longest of the century, after those of Sun Princess (twelve lengths in 1983), Noblesse (ten lengths in 1963) and Jet Ski Lady (ten lengths in 1991). Only five fillies appeared to oppose Lady Carla in the Irish Oaks at the Curragh in July, and she started at odds of 1/2 to maintain her unbeaten record. The build-up to the race was marked by controversy, with Cecil angrily denying claims from the television pundit John McCririck that the filly had developed a serious respiratory condition. In the race, Eddery attempted to lead from the start, but when Lady Carla was challenged in the straight she failed to respond and was soon beaten. She finished fourth behind the Dermot Weld-trained Dance Design, beaten by four and a half lengths.
Lady Carla returned as a four-year-old in 1997, and made her first appearance for eleven months in the Hardwicke Stakes at Royal Ascot. Ridden by Cecil's new stable jockey Kieren Fallon, she was among the leaders until half way, but then weakened to finish ninth of the ten runners behind Predappio. In July, Lady Carla was ridden by Willie Ryan in the Princess of Wales's Stakes at Newmarket, Fallon having lost the mount after a questionable ride on Bosra Sham in the Eclipse Stakes. She was struggling half a mile from the finish and came home last of the seven runners in a race won by Shantou.
Assessment and honours.
The independent Timeform organisation gave Lady Carla a rating of 122.
In their book "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Lady Carla an "inferior" winner of the Oaks.
Stud record.
Lady Carla was retired to become a broodmare based at the Kiltinan Stud in County Tipperary. In December 2003 at Tattersalls, the ten-year-old Lady Carla was auctioned at a dispersal of Wafic Said's bloodstock, after the Syrian businessman decided to give up his interest in horse racing. She was bought for 1,050,000 guineas by the Irish breeder Timmy Hyde.
Lady Carla's offspring have not been particularly successful. Her best runners have probably been Avalon, who won a minor race and finished third in the Great Voltigeur Stakes, and High Ruler, who finished fourth in the Irish 2000 Guineas. Another of her sons, Indigo Magic, has become a successful breeding stallion in South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="36772517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772517" title="Locustgrove, Ohio">
Locustgrove, Ohio

Locustgrove is an unincorporated community in Clark County, Ohio, United States. Locustgrove is southeast of Springfield.

</doc>
<doc id="36772581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772581" title="Demirözü, Gülnar">
Demirözü, Gülnar

Demirözü is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province, Turkey. The village is situated in Taurus Mountains. The distance to Gülnar is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 349 as of 2011. There are two ponds with reed beds to the northeast of the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36772597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772597" title="Delikkaya, Gülnar">
Delikkaya, Gülnar

Delikkaya is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province, Turkey. The village is situated in the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Gülnar is . The population of the village was 215 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36772599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772599" title="Javier Ros">
Javier Ros

Javier 'Javi' Ros Añón (born 16 February 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Pamplona, Navarre, Ros played his youth football with Real Sociedad. Being signed at the age of only 12, he travelled regularly by taxi from Tudela to the club's training facilities, until eventually moving to a school in San Sebastián. He made his senior debuts in the 2008–09 season, appearing for the reserves in Segunda División B and suffering team relegation.
On 23 May 2009 Ros made his first appearance for the main squad, coming on as a substitute for another club youth graduate, Markel Bergara, in the early stages of a 1–0 away win against UD Salamanca. As the Basque had no chance to promote from Segunda División from that moment onwards, he started in the last four games of the campaign, renewing his contract until 2014 at its closure.
In late January 2010 Ros was loaned to neighbouring SD Eibar in the third level. Subsequently he returned to Real Sociedad, going on to be a very important midfield unit for the B's during two full seasons, still in division three.
On 19 August 2012 Ros made his first appearance in La Liga, playing 12 minutes in a 1–5 loss at FC Barcelona. He finished his first season with the main squad with just seven official appearances, totalling 161 minutes of action.
Ros scored his first goal for Real Sociedad on 18 December 2013, opening the scoring in a 4–0 home routing of Algeciras CF for the campaign's Copa del Rey (5–1 on aggregate). His second came on 16 January of the following year for the same competition, as he netted the only in the tie against Villarreal CF to qualify his team to the quarterfinals.
Personal.
Ros was the fifth of seven brothers and sisters, Mikel being his twin. His older sibling Iñigo was also a footballer and a midfielder, spending the vast majority of his professional career in the third division and also representing Real Sociedad B and Eibar.

</doc>
<doc id="36772612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772612" title="Dayıcık, Gülnar">
Dayıcık, Gülnar

Dayıcık is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province, Turkey. The village is situated in the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Gülnar is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 593 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36772623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772623" title="Çukurkonak, Gülnar">
Çukurkonak, Gülnar

Çukurkonak (formerly Uluhtu) is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province, Turkey. The village is situated in the Taurus Mountains. The distance to Gülnar is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 169 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36772635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772635" title="Çukurasma, Gülnar">
Çukurasma, Gülnar

Çukurasma is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province, Turkey. The village is situated in the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Gülnar is and to Mersin is . The population of the village was 667 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36772682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772682" title="James B. Carey">
James B. Carey

James Barron Carey (August 12, 1911 – September 11, 1973) was an American labor union leader; secretary-treasurer of CIO (1938–55); vice-president of AFL–CIO (from 1955); served as president of United Electrical and Machine Workers (1936–41) but broke with it because of its Communist con trol. He was the founder and president (1950–65) of rival the International Union of Electrical, Radio, and Machine Workers. President Truman appointed Carey to the President's Committee on Civil Rights in 1946. Carey was labor representative to the United Nations Association (1965–72). Carey helped influence the CIO’s pullout from the WFTU and the formation of the ICFTU dedicated to promoting free trade and democratic unionism worldwide.
Early life.
James Barron Carey, of Irish descent, was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on August 12, 1911, one of the eleven children of John C. and Margaret (Loughery) Carey. His father was a paymaster at the United States Mint in Philadelphia, Carey attended St. Theresa's Parochial School.The family moved to Glassboro, New Jersey. At the age of fourteen he was making trellises in a local factory after school hours and during summers; then he worked part-time as an apprentice projectionist in a local motion picture theater. The head projectionist, who was an officer in the film operators' union, reportedly gave the Carey the theory and practice of the labor movement. Carey graduated from Glassboro High School.
Union career.
Carey got a job in 1929 as an electrical worker in the radio laboratory of the Philadelphia Storage Battery Company (later the Philco Corporation), and began taking evening courses in electrical engineering at Drexel Institute.
Carey and six other workers at the Philco plant started the "Phil-Rod Fishing Club," primarily for the purpose of organizing a union. Discontinuing his studies at Drexel Institute, during 1931-32 Carey he attended the University of Pennsylvania Wharton (Evening) School of Finance and Commerce, where he took courses in industrial management, business forecasting, and finance. Under the impetus of the National Industrial Recovery Act in June 1933, the radio factory set up a "Company Congress" to meet NRA collective bargaining requirements.
October 1933 Carey was sent as a delegate from his local to the convention of the American Federation of Labor (AFL). Two months later representatives of a dozen AFL and independent unions in the radio and electrical industries met in New York, established the Radio and Allied Trades National Labor Council, and elected Carey, who was then twenty-two years old, as its first president. 
In 1936, a more far-reaching industrial union, the United Electrical Workers (UE) was formed, and Carey was named its first President. Carey led the UE in its formative years. Under Carey’s leadership, the UE formed an affiliation with the new Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO) and Carey established alliances with CIO leaders John L. Lewis and Philip Murray. Gravitating toward progressive political ideology and molded by Catholic social welfare theology, Carey enlisted his union in the CIO's broader struggle to secure social, political, and economic rights for all workers, a fundamental transformation of labor-industrial relations and recognition of organized labor's institutional and participatory role in national industrial and economic planning.
One of the by-products of organized labor during the Depression and World War II periods was the infiltration of the Communist Party into the affairs of trade unions. The Party felt that through the organization of workers, it could gain entry into American society and eventually influence its political structure. Some Americans had ambiguous allegiances during the Second World War, being against the totalitarianism of Hitler’s fascism while at the same time favoring the dictatorship of the Soviet Union as an ally of the United States. Some, like James Carey, were able to recognize the Communist threat while fighting against fascism. It was this recognition that led to an acrimonious split within the Communist-dominated leadership of the UE, and Jim Carey’s defeat as UE President at the 1941 UE convention. From 1941-1942 Carey served on the National War Labor Board.
Carey continued being an active, non-elected UE leader as well as becoming an international labor figure as Secretary-Treasurer of the CIO. Carey spent a great deal of time in the 1940s traveling abroad to represent Philip Murray and the CIO as a member of the World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU). In 1948, Carey helped influence the CIO’s pullout from the Communist dominated WFTU and the formation of the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions (ICFTU), an organization dedicated to promoting free trade and democratic unionism worldwide.
Carey embraced anti-Communism at home, and led the fight within the UE and its Communist leadership. He formed an internal opposition group, the UE Members for Democratic Action (UEMDA) and pushed for CIO disaffiliation of the UE and the chartering of a new electronic workers union that would be democratic and anti-Communist. The stage was set for the birth of the International Union of Electrical Radio and Machine Workers Union (IUE-CIO). 
Death and legacy.
Carey married the former Margaret McCormick in 1938. They has two children, James and Patricia.
Carey died on September 11, 1973, of a heart attack at his home in Silver Spring, Maryland. He was survived by his wife and children. He was interred at Gate of Heaven Cemetery in Silver Spring, Maryland.
The James B. Carey Library at Rutgers University is named for him. "James B. Carey: Labor's Boy Wonder," an exhibition commemorating the life and career of the legendary labor leader and first president of the International Union of Electronic, Electrical, Salaried, Machine & Furniture Workers was co-sponsored by Special Collections and University Archives, Rutgers University Libraries and the School of Management and Labor Relations in 2006.
More of Carey's archival record is housed at the Walter P. Reuther Library of Labor and Urban Affairs in Detroit; the Harry S. Truman Library and Museum; the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36772702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772702" title="Gianmario Comi">
Gianmario Comi

His father Antonio Comi was once a professional football player.
Early Career.
Born in Turin, Gianmario began his playing career with Torino. His father, Antonio Comi, was director of the Torino youth sector and a prominent player for the club throughout the 1980s.
From 2007-2011, he played with the various Torino youth teams, even making the bench several times for the first team during the 2010‒11 season.
In 2011, he was sold to A.C. Milan under a co-ownership agreement that saw Milanese youngster Simone Verdi join Torino, also under co-ownership. He played with the Milan Primavera (U19) throughout 2011 before going on loan to Reggina for the 2012‒2013 season. He made his Coppa Italia debut for Reggina on August 13, 2012 against Nocerina and scored a goal in next Coppa match against Modena. On 3 July 2013, he renewed his contract with Torino until 30 June 2017. On August, the 31st 2013, he scored his first goal for Novara Calcio, at the last second available in the match versus Siena, and Novara won 2‒1.
On 18 June 2014, the co-ownership between Milan and Torino was renewed for a third year.
International career.
He made his debut in the U21 14 August 2013 in a friendly match against Slovakia. The following 5 March he played as a starter in the match won 2-0 against Northern Ireland, valid for the qualifications for the European Championships.
Statistics.
"As of 24 May 2014"
1European competitions include the UEFA Champions League.
2Other tournaments include none to date.

</doc>
<doc id="36772707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772707" title="Jeffrey Scott Shapiro">
Jeffrey Scott Shapiro

Jeffrey Scott Shapiro (born April 27, 1973) is an American investigative journalist and attorney who has reported on several high-profile criminal cases, often defending people who become targets of the tabloid media. Early in his career, Shapiro was a cub journalist for the "Globe" tabloid newspaper, but he quickly turned against it, reporting his editors to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) for criminal violations, and later testifying before a Colorado grand jury. Shapiro was profiled in October 1998 by Newsweek magazine as a young, dedicated tabloid journalist, but by May 1999, New York (magazine) reported that he experienced a "reincarnation as a fervid anti-tabloid crusader." He has since engaged in a long-standing campaign against the tabloid industry by speaking out against their journalism practices and supporting legislation to penalize paparazzi when endangering the public. Shapiro's anti-tabloid views have been controversial among other journalists, and he has been both praised and criticized by the mainstream press.
Shapiro's key journalism investigations include the disappearance and murders of JonBenét Ramsey and Chandra Levy, the Columbine High School massacre, the September 11 attacks in 2001 and the sexual assault allegations against NBA player Kobe Bryant and musician Michael Jackson. He received his undergraduate degree from Florida State University in 1995 and his J.D. from the University of Florida Levin College of Law in 2005. In 2007, he was appointed as a criminal prosecutor in Washington, D.C. assigned to handling statutory offenses that implicated the First Amendment.
Campaign against tabloids.
Early in his career, Shapiro investigated several crime stories on location including the JonBenét Ramsey murder case, the Columbine High School massacre, the September 11 attacks and the disappearance of Chandra Levy. After leaving the tabloid world in 1999, he engaged in a long standing campaign against the tabloid industry and has continuously defended people whom he believes are unfairly or overzealously targeted.
After working for the "Globe" from 1997–1999, Shapiro reported his editors to the FBI for criminal violations and testified against them before a Colorado grand jury. His change of heart came at a time when supermarket tabloids were immersed in controversy due to the mysterious death of Princess Diana, who was killed during an intense paparazzi chase in Paris on August 31, 1997. During the summer of 1998, Michael Tracey, a British journalism professor teaching mass media at the University of Colorado convinced Shapiro that continuing to work for the tabloids would be immoral since Shapiro believed that John Ramsey was innocent despite the murder accusations Shapiro's tabloid editors were publishing about him. Shapiro felt compassion for the people his editors were targeting, and eventually he called John Ramsey personally to apologize for his participation in the tabloid accusations against him. After apologizing to John Ramsey, Shapiro walked into the Denver Federal Building to report his editors for conspiring to blackmail lead Boulder Detective Steve Thomas for sealed grand jury evidence. He also told a team of FBI agents about how his editors engaged in commercial bribery and illegal information brokering.
The FBI was initially unable to gather enough evidence to refer the case to federal prosecutors, but a broader, simultaneous state case being conducted by the Colorado Bureau of Investigations led to criminal charges. A grand jury was convened by the Jefferson County District Attorney's Office, and several witnesses including Shapiro testified. A key part of the state's evidence against the "Globe" were secret tape recordings Shapiro had made of conversations he'd had with senior editors at the tabloid. After charges were filed, the Globe challenged the criminal case on First Amendment grounds, but the Colorado Supreme Court ruled against the tabloid and cleared the path for prosecution. After losing the constitutional case before the Colorado Supreme Court, "Globe" editors pledged to donate $100,000 to the University of Colorado journalism ethics studies program and publicly admit they had acted "unethically" in exchange for a dismissal of all charges. In 2000, prosecutors agreed and the criminal case was dropped. In a 2003 interview with CNN host Paula Zahn, Shapiro said he never broke the law while working for the tabloids, but admitted that his "reporting helped inflict a lot of misery on innocent people," and that he was interested in starting a foundation to help victims of tabloid persecution. That same year, "The Vail Daily" summarized Shapiro's change of heart, reporting that "he left the tabloid world in a blaze of glory handing the "Globe" to the FBI on a silver platter."
After reporting his editors to the FBI, Shapiro became an outspoken critic of tabloid journalism practices and has since written numerous columns defending targets of the tabloid journalism industry, and at times, the mainstream press. Among some of the notable political figures he has defended are President George W. Bush, U.S. Senator John Kerry, U.S. Senator Joe Lieberman, U.S. Congressman Gary Condit, Kate Middleton, Princess Diana and former Russian Federal Security Services Agent Alexander Litvinenko. Shapiro has also defended non-political figures including Kristen Stewart, Michael Jackson, former White House intern Monica Lewinsky and the alleged victims from the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case and the Roman Polanski sexual abuse case. Shapiro has also defended members of JonBenét Ramsey's family whom he believes are innocent. In a "Denver Post" article in which he challenged tabloid accusations against JonBenet's older brother, Burke Ramsey, Shapiro quoted American poet Ella Wheeler Wilcox saying, "To sin by silence when we should protest is what makes cowards of men." Shapiro later retracted his defense of Michael Jackson after personally investigating the sexual abuse allegations against him for CBS News, and Shapiro wrote a follow up piece in which he admitted that his initial position "was apparently wrong."
Journalism.
Shapiro has continuously worked on the JonBenét Ramsey murder case for 15 years since 1997, and in 2011 he chronicled his search for the little girl's killer, revealing his belief that her mother, Patsy Ramsey was most likely the killer. Despite his belief that Patsy Ramsey was most likely the killer, Shapiro has also spent considerable time personally tracking down intruder suspects and turning over information as well as evidence to law enforcement officials. Shapiro has publicly called upon the FBI to take over the case from Boulder authorities and has also criticized former District Attorney Mary Lacy for clearing the Ramseys against the advice of the Boulder Police Department and Lacy's predecessor, District Attorney Alex Hunter. In the Globe aftermath, Shapiro covered the Columbine High School massacre for "Time" magazine.
After leaving Colorado, Shapiro reported on the Robert Hanssen spy case, and September 11 attacks for "The Journal News" in New York City. During his 9/11 reporting, Shapiro broke a story that made worldwide news about a Brooklyn high school student whom the FBI was investigating for allegedly predicting the collapse of the World Trade Center five days before the attacks. "Newsweek" columnist Jonathan Alter and "Daily Telegraph" commentator Mark Steyn, both confirmed the story. Snopes has classified the story and another similar Dallas incident as "undetermined." After the Sept. 11 attacks, Shapiro spent three years from 2003-2006 investigating sexual assault allegations against NBA player Kobe Bryant for CBS News and authored a 2004 book about the case, "Kobe Bryant: The Game of His Life". His book revealed that Bryant hesitated for 30 seconds when asked if the accuser ever said "no" during their sexual encounter and that there were at least two other unidentified women that Bryant had questionable encounters with in the past. Shapiro appeared on Fox News with host Bill O'Reilly and said that he tracked down a Portland room service waitress who ran out of Bryant's room to "escape him."
In 2010, conspiracy theorist Alex Jones and other 9/11 Truth movement members implied that Shapiro was working with the government after he wrote what they termed a "Fox News hit piece" against former Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura. Shapiro, who was at Ground Zero on the day of the attacks said he saw 7 World Trade Center collapse and said that there were no explosives in the building as the 9/11 Truth movement has claimed. Shapiro's said Ventura "discredited himself, and defamed and dishonored his country," by supporting the 9/11 Truth movement. Shapiro's piece went viral within the 9/11 Truth movement because Shapiro reported that his sources in the New York Police Department told him Larry Silverstein ordered the controlled demolition of 7 World Trade Center, a revelation that truthers used to suggest there was a U.S. government conspiracy. In 2011 Shapiro published a notable story with conservative online journalist Andrew Breitbart about a conversation he'd had in 2009 with U.S. Representative Ron Paul. Shapiro asked Paul whether or not he would have sent American troops to Nazi Germany to stop the Holocaust, and Paul said that he would not. In 2012, Shapiro interviewed Alexandra Pelosi, daughter of former U.S. House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who told him via telephone that her mother was ready to leave Congress. The story caused a brief media stir, especially in Washington. Nancy Pelosi released a statement denying the substance of the story, and said that her daughter's conclusions were inaccurate.
Law.
While in law school, Shapiro served on U.S. Senator John Kerry's legal team during the presidential election of 2004. He received his legal training by the United States Attorney in Washington, D.C. and subsequently prosecuted First Amendment cases for the Office of the Attorney General for the District of Columbia from 2007-2009. Most of Shapiro's cases were criminal matters against unlawful protestors who illegally occupied the U.S. Capitol and White House. Shapiro later said in an interview that he took the prosecutorial position because after having worked for the tabloids he knew how easy it was to hide behind the veil of the First Amendment to evade justice. In 2008, Shapiro successfully prosecuted Desiree Ali-Fairooz who attacked then U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice with fake blood on her hands in the U.S. Capitol. Ali-Fairooz was convicted in District of Columbia Superior court and placed on probation. Shapiro also prosecuted cases that effected the Second Amendment. After the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, Shapiro authored a column for the Wall Street Journal in which he revealed his criticisms of gun control based on the ineffectiveness of the District of Columbia gun ban. The ban, enacted in 1976 was struck down by the Supreme Court of the United States in 2008 in District of Columbia v. Heller. Shapiro, who enforced the firearms ban while he was a prosecutor wrote that he believed "a nationwide firearms crackdown would place an undue burden on law enforcement and endanger civil liberties while potentially increasing crime... The gun ban had an unintended effect: It emboldened criminals because they knew that law-abiding District residents were unarmed and powerless to defend themselves." In 2012, Shapiro assisted Los Angeles civil rights lawyer Conal Doyle while trying a case in U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against the federal government for denying proper medical care to an illegal alien named Martin Hernandez-Banderas who was previously detained in the San Diego Correctional Facility. The U.S. District Court for the Central District of California ruled in favor of Banderas, awarding him a $250,000 verdict. Shapiro now practices law in California, Florida and Washington, D.C. while continuing to write about political and legal affairs as well as the tabloid media.
Politics.
Shapiro studied under 1988 Democratic presidential nominee Governor Michael Dukakis while in college, and served as a White House intern for U.S. President Bill Clinton in 1996. He later served as a legal intern/researcher and writer for U.S. Senator John Kerry and the Democratic National Committee during the presidential election of 2004, and in 2006, Shapiro campaigned for U.S. Senator Joe Lieberman in Connecticut. Despite his history with the Democratic Party, Shapiro has written numerous columns supporting President George W. Bush and the Iraq War. His most notable piece, "The Treatment of Bush Has Been a Disgrace," was ranked as the fourth most widely read article in the "Wall Street Journal" in 2008. After the piece was published, Shapiro appeared on Fox News and told Neil Cavuto that he believed Bush was misunderstood and that he "cares deeply about America... after September 11 he lifted our spirits in a very dark time... he has a good heart." Although Shapiro's WSJ piece was widely hailed by conservatives, it was criticized heavily by journalists on the left. Political analyst Jeff Koopersmith wrote a response for the American Politics Journal and asserted "that Shapiro may be out of his mind," and asked, "What's Shapiro smoking?" Comedian Stephen Colbert made light of Shapiro's piece on the "Colbert Report", joking that even only a week after the election, "It's never too early to rewrite history. The greatest victim was the president. We are finally starting to hear how oppressed the most powerful man in the world has been." In 2009, Shapiro co-founded "Honor Freedom," a non-profit 501(c)(4) organization with online journalist Andrew Breitbart and former Freedom's Watch president Bradley Blakeman to "correct the historical record" about George W. Bush and the Iraq War. Like Breitbart, Shapiro is a staunch critic of President Barack Obama, and has accused the president of pushing the United States toward Socialism. In 2012, Shapiro published an article with the John Birch Society's New American magazine titled, "Fundamentally Transforming the U.S. into the Soviet States of America," and wrote a separate piece in which he warned of the unconstitutionality of executive lawmaking.

</doc>
<doc id="36772710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772710" title="Kent League">
Kent League

Kent League may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36772716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772716" title="Vladan Adžić">
Vladan Adžić

Vladan Adžić (Cyrillic: Владан Аџић, born 5 June 1987) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club OFK Beograd .
Career.
Born in Cetinje, Adžić made his senior debut with FK Bokelj in the 2005–06 Second League of Serbia and Montenegro. During the winter break he moved to FK Lovćen where he played until summer 2008 afterwords joining FK Rudar Pljevlja. With Rudar, he will play 4 consecutive seasons in the Montenegrin First League, becoming a champion in 2009–10 and runner-up in 2009–10. He will also win the Montenegrin Cup on both those seasons, 2009 and 2010, beside being runner-up in 2012.
OFK Beograd.
In August 2012 he moved abroad to Serbia by joining OFK Beograd. He made his debut in the 2012–13 Serbian SuperLiga on 19 August 2012, in a second round match against FK Jagodina. On 25 January 2013, during the half-time of a friendly match with his former club Rudar, he took a bottle of transparent-liquid thinking it was water, and subsequently threw up when his body reacted to alcoholic rakia.
International career.
Vladan Adžić has received a call for the Montenegrin national team on several occasions but has not made the debut yet.

</doc>
<doc id="36772719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772719" title="Tengion">
Tengion

Tengion, Inc. (OTC Pink:TNGN), is an American development-stage regenerative medicine company founded in 2003 with financing from J&J Development Corporation, HealthCap and Oak Investment Partners, which is headquartered in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Its goals are discovering, developing, manufacturing and commercializing a range of replacement organs and tissues, or neo-organs and neo-tissues, to address unmet medical needs in urologic, renal, gastrointestinal, and vascular diseases and disorders. The company creates these human neo-organs from a patients own cells or autologous cells, in conjunction with its Organ Regeneration Platform.
History.
Founded in 2003 and formerly headquartered in East Norriton, Pennsylvania before moving to Winston-Salem, North Carolina in 2012, Tengion went public in 2010, after its stock has been approved for listing on the NASDAQ, through a $26 million IPO to help advance its research and development activities. Some of the groundbreaking regenerative medicine technologies of Dr. Anthony Atala, director of the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine, were the core from where those research and development activities developed. On September 4, 2012, Tengion received a notice from NASDAQ stating that the company had not regained compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) and that its common stock would cease trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market effective on September 6, 2012, and would begin trading on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Marketplace.
Products.
All current Tengion's regenerative medicine product candidates are investigational and will not be commercially available until the completion of clinical trials and the review and approval of associated marketing applications by the Food and Drug Administration.
Product candidates in clinical development.
Its most advanced candidate is the Neo-Urinary Conduit. As of 2012, the Phase I clinical trial of the Tengion Neo-Urinary Conduit is ongoing in several health care institutions, in patients with bladder cancer who require a total cystectomy.
The company also develops the Neo-Bladder Augment, a Phase II clinical trial product for the treatment of neurogenic bladder resulting from spina bifida in pediatric patients, as well as neurogenic bladder resulting from spinal cord injury in adult patients; the Neo-Bladder Replacement to serve as a functioning bladder, eliminating the need for an ostomy bag, for patients who have their bladders removed due to cancer; and the Neo-Kidney Augment to prevent or delay dialysis by increasing renal function in patients with advanced chronic kidney disease.
Product candidates not in active development.
In addition, it is involved in developing the Neo-GI Augment, a gastrointestinal development program; and Neo-Vessel Replacement, which targets various blood vessel applications consisting of vascular access grafts, arterio-venous, and shunts for patients with ESRD (end stage renal disease) undergoing hemodialysis treatment, as well as for vessel replacement for patients undergoing coronary or peripheral artery bypass procedures.

</doc>
<doc id="36772726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772726" title="Nazi salute">
Nazi salute

The Nazi salute or Hitler salute ( – literally Hitler Greeting) is a gesture that was used as a greeting in Nazi Germany. The salute is performed by extending the right arm in the air with a straightened hand. Usually, the person offering the salute would say ""Heil Hitler!"" (Hail Hitler!), ""Heil, mein Führer!"" (Hail, my leader!), or ""Sieg heil!"" (Hail victory!). It was adopted in the 1930s by the Nazi Party to signal obedience to the party's leader – Adolf Hitler – and to glorify the German nation (and later the German war effort). The salute was mandatory for civilians but mostly optional for military personnel, who retained the traditional military salute until shortly after the failed assassination attempt on Hitler in 1944.
Use of this salute is currently a criminal offense in Germany, the Czech Republic, and Austria. In Switzerland, it is a legal expression, unless used for propagating Nazi ideology.
Description.
The salute was performed by extending the right arm to at least eye level, and straightening the hand so that it is parallel to the arm. Usually, an utterance of ""Heil Hitler!"", or ""Heil!"" accompanied the gesture.
If one saw an acquaintance at a distance, it sufficed to simply raise the right hand. If one encountered a superior, one would also say ""Heil Hitler"". If physical disability prevented raising the right arm, it was acceptable to raise the left.
The form ""Heil, mein Führer!"" was for direct address to Hitler. ""Sieg Heil"" was repeated as a chant on public occasions. Written communications would be concluded with either "mit deutschem Gruß" ("with German regards"), or with ""Heil Hitler"". In correspondence with high-ranking Nazi officials, letters were usually signed with ""Heil Hitler"".
Hitler gave the salute in two ways. When reviewing his troops or crowds he generally used the traditional stiff armed salute. When greeting individuals he used a modified version of the salute, bending his right arm while holding an open hand towards those greeted at shoulder height.
Origins and adoption.
The oral greeting ""Heil"" became popular in the pan-German movement around 1900. As a manner of address, "Führer" was introduced by Georg Ritter von Schönerer, who considered himself leader of the Austrian Germans.
The salute gesture is widely believed to be based on an ancient Roman custom. However, no surviving Roman work of art depicts it, nor does any extant Roman text describe it. Jacques-Louis David's painting "Oath of the Horatii" (1784) seems to be the starting point for the gesture that became known as the Roman salute. The gesture and its identification with ancient Rome was advanced in other French neoclassic art. This was further elaborated upon in popular culture during the late 19th and early 20th centuries in plays and films that portrayed the salute as an ancient Roman custom. This included the silent film "Cabiria" (1914), whose screenplay was written by the Italian ultra-nationalist Gabriele d'Annunzio, arguably the forerunner of Benito Mussolini. In 1919, when he led the occupation of Fiume, d'Annunzio adopted the style of salute depicted in the film as a neo-Imperialist ritual; and it was quickly adopted by the Italian Fascist Party.
By autumn 1923, some members of the Nazi Party were using the rigid, outstretched right arm salute to greet Hitler, who responded by raising his own right hand crooked back at the elbow, palm opened upwards, in a gesture of acceptance. In 1926, the "Heil Hitler" salute was made compulsory. It functioned as a display of commitment to the Party and a declaration of principle to the outside world. Yet the drive to gain acceptance did not go unchallenged.
Some party members challenged the legitimacy of the so-called Roman salute, employed by Fascist Italy, as un-Germanic. In response, efforts were made to establish its pedigree by inventing a tradition after the fact. In June 1928, Rudolf Hess published an article titled "The Fascist Greeting", which claimed that the gesture was used in Germany as early as 1921, before the Nazis had heard about the Italian Fascists. He admits in the article: "The NSDAP's introduction of the raised-arm greeting approximately two years ago still gets some people's blood boiling. Its opponents suspect the greeting of being un-Germanic. They accuse it of merely aping the (Italian) Fascists", but goes on to ask, "and even if the decree from two years ago (Hess's order that all party members use it) is seen as an adaption of the Fascist gesture, is that really so terrible"? Ian Kershaw points out that Hess did not deny the likely influence from Fascist Italy, even if indeed the salute had been used sporadically in 1921 as Hess claimed.
On the night of 3 January 1942, Hitler said of the origins of the salute: 
The Bellamy salute, adopted in 1892 to accompany the American Pledge of Allegiance, bore a resemblance to the Nazi Salute. For this reason, President Franklin D. Roosevelt instituted the hand-over-the-heart gesture as the salute to be rendered by civilians during the Pledge of Allegiance and the national anthem in the United States, instead of the Bellamy salute. This was done when Congress officially adopted the "Flag Code" on 22 June 1942.
From 1933 to 1945.
Per a decree issued by Reich Minister of the Interior Wilhelm Frick on 13 July 1933 (one day before the ban on all non-Nazi parties), all German public employees were required to use the salute. The decree also required the salute during the singing of the national anthem and the "Horst-Wessel-Lied". It stipulated that "anyone not wishing to come under suspicion of behaving in a consciously negative fashion will therefore render the Hitler Greeting". A rider to the decree, added two weeks later, stipulated that if physical disability prevented raising of the right arm, "then it is correct to carry out the Greeting with the left arm." On 27 September, prison inmates were forbidden to use the salute, as were Jews by 1937.
By the end of 1934, special courts were established to punish those who refused to salute. Offenders, such as Protestant preacher Paul Schneider, faced the possibility of being sent to a concentration camp. Foreigners were not exempt from intimidation if they refused to salute. For example, the Portuguese Consul General was beaten by members of the Sturmabteilung for remaining seated in a car and not saluting a procession in Hamburg. Reactions to inappropriate use were not merely violent but sometimes bizarre. For example, a memo dated 23 July 1934 sent to local police stations stated: "There have been reports of traveling vaudeville performers training their monkeys to give the German Greeting...see to it that said animals are destroyed".
The salute became an ordinary way of life. Postmen used the greeting when they knocked on people's doors to deliver packages or letters. Small metal signs that reminded people to use the Hitler salute were displayed in public squares and on telephone poles and street lights throughout Germany. Department store clerks greeted customers with “Heil Hitler, how may I help you?” Dinner guests brought glasses etched with the words "Heil Hitler" as house gifts. The salute was required of all persons passing the "Feldherrnhalle" in Munich, site of the climax of the 1923 Beer Hall Putsch, which the government had made into a shrine to the Nazi dead; so many pedestrians avoided this mandate by detouring through the small "Viscardigasse" behind that the passage acquired the nickname "Dodgers' Alley" ("Drückebergergasse").
Children were indoctrinated at an early age. Kindergarten children were taught to raise their hand to the proper height by hanging their lunch bags across the raised arm of their teacher. At the beginning of first grade primers was a lesson on how to use the greeting. The greeting found its way into fairy tales, including classics like "Sleeping Beauty". Students and teachers would salute each other at the beginning and end of the school day, between classes, or whenever an adult entered the classroom.
Some athletes used the Nazi salute in the opening ceremony of the 1936 Berlin Olympics as they passed by Hitler in the reviewing stand. This was done by delegates from Afghanistan, Bermuda, Bulgaria, Bolivia, France, Greece, Iceland, Italy and Turkey. The Bulgarian athletes performed the Nazi salute and broke into a goose-step; Turkish athletes maintained the salute all around the track. There is some confusion over the use of the salute, since the stiff-arm Nazi salute could have been mistaken for an Olympic salute, with the right arm held out at a slight angle to the right from the shoulder. According to the American sports writer Jeremy Schaap, only half of the athletes from Austria performed a Nazi salute, while the other half gave an Olympic salute. According to the historian Richard Mandell, there are conflicting reports on whether athletes from France performed a Nazi salute or an Olympic Salute. In football, the England football team bowed to pressure from the British foreign office and performed the salute during a friendly match on 14 May 1938.
Military use.
The Wehrmacht refused to adopt officially the Hitler salute and was able for a time to maintain its own customs. A compromise edict from the Reich Defense Ministry, released on 19 September 1933, required the Hitler salute of soldiers and uniformed civil servants while singing the "Horst Wessel Lied" and national anthem, and in non-military encounters both within and outside the Wehrmacht (for example, when greeting members of the civilian government). At all other times they were permitted to use their traditional salutes. Use of the Hitler salute was also permitted when in uniform. However, it is of importance to note that according to (pre-Nazi) Reichswehr and Wehrmacht protocol, the traditional military salute was not permitted when the saluting soldier was not wearing a uniform headgear (helmet or cap). Because of this, all salutes performed bareheaded, even when in full uniform and on duty made the Nazi salute de facto mandatory in most situations.
Only after the 20 July Plot in 1944 were the military forces of the Third Reich ordered to replace the standard military salute with the Hitler salute, as a show of loyalty in deference to the fact that it was Army officers that had been responsible for the assassination attempt. The order went into effect on 24 July 1944. The use of the Hitler salute by the military had been discussed as early as January 1944 in a conference regarding traditions in the military at Hitler's headquarters. Field Marshal Wilhelm Keitel, head of the Armed Forces, had expressed a desire to standardize the salute across all organizations in Germany.
On the night of 3 January 1942, Hitler stated the following about the compromise edict of 1933: 
Satiric responses.
Despite indoctrination and punishment, the salute was ridiculed by some people. Since "heil" is also the imperative of the German verb "heilen" ("to heal"), a common joke in Nazi Germany was to reply with "Is he sick?", "Am I a doctor?", or "You heal him!" Jokes were also made by distorting the phrase. So for example "Heil Hitler" might become "Ein Liter" ("One liter"). Cabaret performer Karl Valentin would quip, "It's lucky that Hitler's name wasn't 'Kräuter'. Otherwise, we'd have to go around yelling Heilkräuter ('medicinal herbs')". Similar puns were made involving "Bronn" (rendering "Heilbronn", a German city), and "Butt" (rendering "Heilbutt", the German word for halibut).
Satirical use of the salute dates back to anti-Nazi propaganda in Germany before 1933. In 1932, photomontage artist John Heartfield used Hitler's modified version, with the hand bent over the shoulder, in a poster that linked Hitler to Big Business. A giant figure representing right-wing capitalists stands behind Hitler, placing money in his hand, suggesting 'backhand' donations. The caption is, "the meaning of the Hitler salute" and "Millions stand behind me". Heartfield was forced to flee in 1933 after the Nazi seizure of power in Germany.
Another example is a cartoon by New Zealand political cartoonist David Low, mocking the Night of the Long Knives. Run in the "Evening Standard" on July 3, 1934, it shows Hitler with a smoking gun grimacing at terrified SA men with their hands up. The caption reads: "They salute with both hands now".
Sieg Heil.
"Sieg Heil" was a ritualistic chant used at mass rallies, where enthusiastic crowds answered "Heil" to the call of "Sieg" ("victory"). For example, at the 1934 Nuremberg Rally, Rudolf Hess ends his climactic speech with, "The Party is Hitler. But Hitler is Germany, just as Germany is Hitler. Hitler! Sieg Heil!" At his total war speech delivered in 1943, audiences shouted "Sieg Heil" as Joseph Goebbels solicited from them "a kind of plebiscitary 'Ja'" to total war.
On 11 March 1945, less than two months before the capitulation of Nazi Germany, a memorial for the dead of the war was held in Marktschellenberg, a small town near Hitler's Berghof residence. The British historian Ian Kershaw marks that the power of the Führer-cult and the 'Hitler Myth' had vanished which is evident from a report given in the little Bavarian town of Markt Schellenberg on March 11, 1945:
The Swing Kids () were a group of middle-class teenagers who consciously separated themselves from Nazism and its culture, greeting each other with 'Swing-Heil!' and addressing one another as 'old-hot-boy'. This playful behaviour was dangerous for participants in the subculture; on 2 January 1942, Heinrich Himmler ordered that the leaders be put in concentration camps to be drilled and beaten.
Post-1945.
Today in Germany, Nazi salutes in written form, vocally, and even straight-extending the right arm as a saluting gesture (with or without the phrase), are illegal. It is a criminal offence punishable by up to three years of prison (Strafgesetzbuch section 86a). Usage for art, teaching and science is allowed unless "the existence of an insult results from the form of the utterance or the circumstances under which it occurred". Use of the salute has also been illegal in Austria since the end of World War II.
Usage that is "ironic and clearly critical of the Hitler Greeting" is exempt, which has led to legal debates as to what constitutes ironic use. One recent case involved Prince Albrecht of Hanover, who was brought to court after using the gesture as a commentary on the behavior of an unduly zealous airport baggage inspector. On 23 November 2007, the Amtsgericht Cottbus sentenced Horst Mahler to six months of imprisonment without parole for having, according to his own claims, ironically performed the Hitler salute when reporting to prison for a nine-month term a year earlier. The following month, a pensioner named Roland T was given a prison term of five months for, amongst other things, training his dog Adolf to raise his right paw in a Nazi salute every time the command "Heil Hitler!" was uttered.
Modified versions of the salute are sometimes used by neo-Nazis. One such version is the so-called "Kühnen salute" with extended thumb, index and middle finger, which is also a criminal offence in Germany. In written correspondence, the number 88 is sometimes used by some neo-Nazis as a substitute for "Heil Hitler" ("H" as the eighth letter of the alphabet). Swiss neo-Nazis were reported to use a variant of the Kühnengruss, though extending one's right arm over their head and extending said three fingers has a different historical source for Switzerland, as the first three Eidgenossen or "confederates" are often depicted with this motion.
On 28 May 2012, BBC current affairs programme "Panorama" examined the issues of racism, antisemitism and football hooliganism, which it claimed were prevalent among Polish and Ukrainian football supporters. The programme, titled "Euro 2012: Stadiums of Hate", included recent footage of Ukrainian supporters giving the Nazi salute and shouting "Sieg Heil". The two countries hosted the international football competition UEFA Euro 2012.
On 16 March 2013, Greek footballer Giorgos Katidis of AEK Athens F.C. was handed a life ban from the Greek national team for performing the salute after scoring a goal against Veria F.C. in Athens' Olympic Stadium.
On 9 December 2013, two Turkish students were arrested after apparently raising their arms in a Hitler salute at the former Nazi death camp of Auschwitz in Poland. The charges were later dismissed. 
In April 2014, the Supreme Court of Switzerland ruled that Nazi salutes do not breach hate crime laws if expressed as one's personal opinion, but only if they are used in attempt to spread its ideology.

</doc>
<doc id="36772813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772813" title="2012–13 Tuen Mun SA season">
2012–13 Tuen Mun SA season

The 2012–13 season is Tuen Mun Sports Association's 3rd consecutive season in the Hong Kong First Division League, the top flight of Hong Kong football. Tuen Mun will seek to win their first trophy for two seasons, competing in the Hong Kong First Division League, the Hong Kong League Cup and the Hong Kong FA Cup after finishing 6th in the previous First Division League season.
Players.
Squad information.
Players with dual nationality:
Matches.
Competitive.
First Division League.
Remarks:<br>
1 The capacity of Aberdeen Sports Ground is originally 9,000, but only the 4,000-seated main stand is opened for football match.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36772818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772818" title="C15H19NO">
C15H19NO

The molecular formula C15H19NO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36772822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772822" title="Kamlabai Gokhale">
Kamlabai Gokhale

Kamlabai Gokhale (born Kamlabai Kamath), was the first actress of Indian cinema, along with her mother Durgabai Kamat.
Personal life.
She was the daughter of Durgabai Kamat, who was the first female actress of Indian cinema and Anand Nanoskar, a professor of history at the J.J. School of Art . She married Raghunathrao Gokhale and had three children. Chandrakant Gokhale is one of them, who is the father of Vikram Gokhale (occasionally credited as Vikram Gokhle) and Mohan Gokhale both are well known Indian film, television and stage actors. Kamlabai was 25 when she became a widow, pregnant with her third child.
Career.
Her first stage appearance was at the age of four. Around 1912-1913 Dadasaheb Phalke, the pioneering film-maker of India, was casting for his film "Mohini Bhasmasur" and he choose Kamlabai for the lead. Durgabai was Parvati. Phalke had been forced to use a young male cook, Salunke, to play the female lead in his earlier film, "Raja Harishchandra", for lack of an actress. By the time she was 15, Kamlabai had become a celebrity. The following year she married Raghunathrao Gokhale. He had been with the Kirloskar Natak Company where he usually performed female roles. But his voice was breaking and so he moved to his brother’s company, which was the same one where Kamlabai and her mother were employed. The young couple was cast as the new lead pair of the company. In the 1930s, Kamlabai worked under Veer Savarkar in the play "Ushaap", which focussed on the plight of Harijans. Kamalabai worked in around 35 movies. Her last film was "Gehrayee" (1980).

</doc>
<doc id="36772873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772873" title="Margriet Smulders">
Margriet Smulders

Margriet Smulders (born 17 July 1955, Bussum) is a Dutch photographer of floral still lifes. She attended the Radboud University Nijmegen from 1974 to 1983 and the Academy of Arts in Arnhem from 1979 to 1985.
Work.
Margriet Smulders is best known for her self-portraits and photographs of her family. Her constructed portraits of domestic life were included in the exhibition "Who's looking at the Family? at the Barbican Art Gallery, London in 1994 . Like Sally Mann she featured her own family in this series. She specializes in portrait photography, mostly portraying family portraits and working people proud in heir work and their relationships. She currently lives and works in Nijmegen, The Netherlands.
Like the works of other contemporary Dutch photographers, such as Rineke Dijkstra, Desiree Dolron, and Carla van den Puttelaar her works show influences of Dutch Golden Age painting in their composition, use of light and color, and rendering of textures and surfaces.
To achieve her photographic effects, she utilizes film rather than digital photography. Most of her works are titled mythological figures or dedicated to inspirational painters, enhancing the effect of alienation, while retaining a strong element of eroticism.
Since 1999 when she saw an exhibition on voluptuous Dutch floral still-lives of the seventeenth century at the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam she has worked on an ongoing series of floral still life photographs. Her photographs of flowers are highly ambivalent. Inspired by the classical arrangements of the seventeenth century still lifes Margriet Smulders arranges theaters of flowers on big mirrors, using silk and inks which comment on beauty and decay. The flowers float and appear to be on the edge of disintegration.
Collections.
EON Energy München, Bibliothèque National de Paris, Akzo Nobel Art Foundation Arnhem, Valkhof Museum Nijmegen, Museum Het Prinsenhof Delft, COFF Foundation San Sebastián, White & Young Eng. BV Londen, Delta Lloyd N.V. Amsterdam, Noord Brabants Museum ‘s-Hertogenbosch, Achmea Artcollection Zeist, VODW Artcollection Leusden, Houthoff Buruma, Museum Flehite Amersfoort.

</doc>
<doc id="36772891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772891" title="Sensory-motor map">
Sensory-motor map

In robotics one often combines external sensory input and motor kinematics. A Sensory Motor-Map(SMM) is a map between the perception system of the robot and an action performed by the robot. The map gives the robot an understanding of how certain motor actions affect the perceived reality by relating the kinematics and dynamics used by the robot to achieve the external sensory input.

</doc>
<doc id="36772904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772904" title="Licking View, Ohio">
Licking View, Ohio

Licking View is an unincorporated community in Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. Licking View is located along the Licking River near the western border of Zanesville.

</doc>
<doc id="36772915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772915" title="Inderjit Nikku">
Inderjit Nikku

InderJit Nikku is a Punjabi singer.
Biography.
Inderjit Singh (Nikku) mostly sings songs for the Sikh nation (kaum). In every album, his first track about Sikhism. His notable songs include, "Sat Sri Akaal", "Khaalas", "Sardaari", "Singh Is King", "Desi Bande". His hits were "Singh By Nature", "Khaalas", "Dil Wich", "Singh Is King". As actor he started as a cameo in film Carry On Jatta. His debut lead film was Dil Pardesi Ho Gia. He is also much famous for his Turban Style and one of his song dedicated to his turban is "chare passe teri pagri di char ve" duet song with Jaspinder Narula. He is well known as a romantic song and sad song singer.

</doc>
<doc id="36772925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772925" title="Manfred Schaefer">
Manfred Schaefer

Manfred Schaefer (born 12 February 1943 as Manfred Schäfer) is a former association football defender. At club level he won titles with St. George Budapest. With the Australian national team he participated in the 1974 World Cup in his native Germany. As coach he was several times runner-up in the Australian National Soccer League with various clubs.
Life.
Schaefer was born in Pillau (now Baltiysk, Russia) near Kaliningrad in East Prussia, Germany. 
In the dying days of World War II his family fled towards the west, where they settled in Bremen. In 1957 the family emigrated with Manfred, by then aged 14, to Australia. Legendary was Manfred Schaefer's occupation as milkman, a profession that became extinct by about the mid-1980s. Every morning he delivered fresh milk to households in the suburbs and walked, respectively run enormous distances in the course, to which his extraordinary physical fitness was often attributed.
The tough and rugged central defender commenced his football career in 1960 with Blacktown in Sydney's west, playing in the second division of New South Wales. In 1963 he joined first division "Budapest Club", which was renamed St. George-Budapest SC by 1965. There he played until 1975 alongside other great Australian football stars of the era, like Attila Abonyi and Johnny Warren. In 1967, 1971, 1974 and 1975 he won with the club the state championship – which in absence of a national title was the highest possible achievement. 1967, 1972 and 1975 he won the state cup, then known as the Ampol Cup, and in 1964 and 1972 the Federation Cup of the state. The titles of 1975 he won as player-coach.
Schaefer's debut for the national side was for a match in the "Vietnam National Day Tournament" on 5 November 1967, which Australia won in Saigon, today's Ho-Chi-Minh City against New Zealand 5–3. In total he played 73 times in the colours of Australia, 49 times in official international matches in which he scored one goal. His last three matches for Australia were 1974 World Cup, against East Germany, West Germany and Chile. He also represented New South Wales in interstate matches.
In 1975 he commenced a coaching career. Until 1977 he stayed with St. George-Budapest. Between 1982 and 1986 he became twice runner-up with Sydney Olympic in the national championship. 1989 he coached Brunswick Juventus in the state league of Victoria, from 1989 to 1991 and 1995 he coached APIA Leichhardt, and from 1992 to 1994 he was at the helm of Sydney United. From 1995 until 1997 he was with Marconi Fairfield and led the team into the grand final of the national championship, albeit losing there 1–2 to Melbourne Knights FC. From 1998 to 1999 he headed the Adelaide Sharks and from 2002 to 2004 he was assistant coach at Parramatta Power, runner-up in the national championship of 2004.
1999 Schaefer was an inaugural inductee into the Australian Soccer Hall of Fame. He was invited to the draw for the preliminary qualifying matches for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36772931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772931" title="David Dusa">
David Dusa

Davis Dusa (born May 17, 1979, Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian and Swedish film director.
Biography.
Dusa grew up in Sweden, and after working in fish factories in northern Norway, he settled in France in 2001.
In 2004, he completed his studies at the French CLCF in Paris, and travelled for six months in Asia. He worked for the American documentary director Peter Friedman, and founded the 'Realise' production company with him. Between 2006 and 2009, Dusa directed six short-length movies, winning awards in Festivals all around the world, including the UIP Award at the Rotterdam International Film Festival, and the Onda Curta Award at the Vila Do Conde Festival. In 2008-2009, he assisted Andrew Kötting on directing "Ivul", and then edited the movie, an official selection at the Locarno Film Festival.
In June 2009, following the riots that took place in Iran, Dusa wrote "Flowers of Evil". The movie premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival (ACID selection) and won the '10 European Directors To Watch Award' delivered by Variety and European Film Promotion. "Flowers of Evil" was released in France on February 8, 2012.
Ever since, Dusa has been working on two fictional films currently in development: "Cacheux Malor", and "The Netocracy". He is also developing a TV-series, "Paradise Institute", in collaboration with Mike Sens, and works as a playwright for Belgian choreographer Wim Vandekeybus, on the creation of his next show, "Radical Wrong". He has also co-written the screenplay to "Galloping Mind" with him, which is currently in production.

</doc>
<doc id="36772936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772936" title="M5 (Istanbul Metro)">
M5 (Istanbul Metro)

The M5 Üsküdar – Çekmeköy / Sancaktepe is a rapid transit line of İstanbul Metro system, currently under construction in İstanbul, Turkey. It will be the second rapid transit line on the Asian side of İstanbul, the other partly in service since August 2012, the M4 Kadıköy - Kaynarca.
The construction of the long line in the west-east direction with 16 stations between Üsküdar and Sancaktepe, and its connection line to the depot with length began on March 20, 2012. Projected to cost about 564 million, the line is built by the Doğuş Construction Group and is expected to open in May 2015.
Station list.
The new metro line M5 covers the eastern suburbs on the Asian side of Istanbul; today they are served only by public busses.

</doc>
<doc id="36772988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36772988" title="Si'de Gongyuan">
Si'de Gongyuan

Side Park () is a public park in Beijing, located at (), contact tel (Chinese only) +86 10 6432 1659 (Sports facilities) or + 86 10 6438 4057 (warden).
The highlights of Si'de Park include the scenic landscape park, elderly activity area, children's activity area, fitness and entertainment areas, fishing areas. 
There is also a sporting complex, accessed from the south-east gate, 50 metres east of Xiaoyun Qiao, with facilities including a 9 a-side all weather football pitch, two 5 a-side football fields, four tennis courts, and areas for badminton, basketball, billiards, table tennis, etc. 
Location.
Si’de Park is just outside the north-east 4th ring-road, near to the Airport Expressway and Dashanzi District. Very close to Lido Area, Fangyuan Xi Lu and Xiaoyun Qiao.

</doc>
<doc id="36773032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773032" title="Patrik Gregora">
Patrik Gregora

Patrik Gregora (born 6 March 1993 in Bratislava) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club ŠK Slovan Bratislava.
Slovan Bratislava.
He made his debut for ŠK Slovan Bratislava against FK Senica on 19 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36773042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773042" title="Arsen Eraliev">
Arsen Eraliev

Arsen Eraliev (born 15 May 1990 in Bishkek) is a Kyrgyzstani Greco-Roman wrestler. He competed in the Greco-Roman 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; he was defeated in the 1/8 finals by Hamid Sourian and eliminated in the repechage round by Péter Módos.

</doc>
<doc id="36773047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773047" title="Pascal Strebel">
Pascal Strebel

Pascal Strebel (born 26 December 1988 in Muri) is a Swiss Greco-Roman wrestler. He competed in the -66kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where he was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36773054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773054" title="Rowd">
Rowd

Rowd (, ) is a 2012 Assamese romantic film directed by Gautam Baruah, with a screenplay by Ashim Krishna, Rupam Dutta, and Chirantan Mahanta, and produced by Mousumi Bordoloi. It stars Utpal Das, Diganta Hazarika, Moonmi Phukan, and Monali Bordoloi in the lead roles. It was the debut film for both the director and actress Monali.

</doc>
<doc id="36773161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773161" title="Canolfan Soar">
Canolfan Soar

Canolfan Soar is a bilingual community facility in Merthyr Tydfil town centre that includes a theatre, dance studio, music rehearsal rooms, café bar, book shop, teaching rooms and flexible exhibition, meeting and conference facilities. At its heart is Theatr Soar, an intimate venue for the performing arts. Its 200 seat auditorium held its opening performance in February 2011. Six years of planning, fundraising and development transformed the Grade II listed, eighteenth century former Zoar Chapel, and the adjoining vestry building.
Before Zoar Chapel closed in 2005, it had been one of the largest chapels in Wales. Dr Joseph Parry, composer of Myfanwy, led y Gymanfa Ganu there for many years.
Zoar Chapel was built of two stories, in the classical tradition. The top floor, was an octagonal gallery, with steeply-tiered wooden pews on two main sides, one end and two short wings; one between each side and the end. At the end without seating, huge organ pipes climb the wall behind the pulpit. A floor was laid during the refurbishment, enclosing the chapel's upper level, and forming the stage. The chapel's original seating has been retained and refurbished, allowing close views of stage and performers. The ground floor is now used as rehearsal rooms and as a changing area, from which performers can enter the stage, by climbing the original wooden double staircase.

</doc>
<doc id="36773270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773270" title="Timeline of Providence, Rhode Island">
Timeline of Providence, Rhode Island

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Providence, Rhode Island, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36773286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773286" title="Aisuluu Tynybekova">
Aisuluu Tynybekova

Aisuluu Tynybekova (born 4 May 1993 in Bishkek) is a Kyrgyzstani freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 63 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the 1/8 finals by Henna Johansson.

</doc>
<doc id="36773332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773332" title="1983 Copa del Rey Final">
1983 Copa del Rey Final

The Copa del Rey 1983 Final was the 79th final of the King's Cup. The final was played at La Romareda in Zaragoza, on 4 June 1983, being won by Barcelona, who beat Real Madrid C.F. 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="36773387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773387" title="Dokken (surname)">
Dokken (surname)

Dokken is a Norwegian surname.
Notable bearers include:

</doc>
<doc id="36773441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773441" title="20th Battalion (New Zealand)">
20th Battalion (New Zealand)

The 20th Battalion was an infantry battalion of the New Zealand Military Forces, which served during the Second World War as part of the New Zealand 2nd Division. During the war it was converted to an armoured regiment.
The 20th Battalion was formed in New Zealand in 1939 under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Howard Kippenberger. After a period of training it embarked for the Middle East and then onto Greece in 1941 as part of the 2nd New Zealand Division. It participated in the Battles of Greece and later in Crete. Evacuated from Crete, it then fought in the North African Campaign. It suffered heavy losses during Operation Crusader, when it was effectively destroyed by the 15th Panzer Division. Brought back up to strength, the battalion played a key role in the breakout of the 2nd New Zealand Division from Minqar Qaim in June 1942, where it had been encircled by the 21st Panzer Division. The following month, the battalion suffered heavy casualties during the First Battle of El Alamein.
In October 1943, the battalion was converted to an armoured unit and designated 20th Armoured Regiment. To replace men lost at El Alamein, personnel were drawn from a tank brigade being formed in New Zealand. The regiment spent a year in Egypt training with Sherman tanks, before embarking for Italy in October 1943 to join the Eighth Army. It participated in the Italian Campaign, fighting in actions at Orsogna and later at Cassino. The regiment finished the war in Trieste and remained there for several weeks until the large numbers of Yugoslav partisans also present in the city withdrew. Not required for service in the Pacific theatre of operations, the regiment was disestablished in late 1945.
History.
Formation.
Following the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939, the 20th Battalion was formed at Burnham Military Camp in early October under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Howard Kippenberger. After a period of training, it departed for the Middle East on 5 January 1940 as part of the 4th Infantry Brigade, 2nd New Zealand Division. The battalion arrived at its base in Maadi, Egypt on 14 February, and was involved in training and garrison duty at Baggush for most of the next 12 months.
Greece and Crete.
The British Government anticipated an invasion of Greece by the Germans in 1941 and decided to send troops to support the Greeks. The 2nd New Zealand Division was one of a number of Allied units dispatched to Greece in early March. The 4th Infantry Brigade was tasked with the defence of the Aliakmon Line in northern Greece, with the 20th Battalion preparing and manning the defences along the western end of the line. On 6 April, the Germans invaded Greece. The German advance was so rapid that it quickly threatened the Florina Gap. The 4th Infantry Brigade was withdrawn to the Servia Pass where it manned defences that were superior to its previous positions. On 14 April German forces reached the Servia Pass and the brigade defended its positions for three days before being withdrawn. The battalion was the rearguard of the brigade for most of its withdrawal until it was evacuated to Crete on 28 April.
On Crete, the 20th Battalion was detached from the 4th Infantry Brigade to form part of a new adhoc 10th Infantry Brigade, under the command of Kippenberger. The battalion's second-in-command, Lieutenant Colonel James Thomas Burrows, was in command for most of the Battle of Crete. On the opening day of invasion of Crete, the battalion was positioned to the east of the town of Galatas. On 22 May, it was used in a counterattack on Maleme airfield, which had been allowed to be occupied by the Germans the previous day. The late arrival of its relief meant the battalion was late to its starting position. The attack was unsuccessful and resulted in heavy casualties, although not as high as the Germans' own losses.
When Galatas fell to the Germans on 25 May, the 20th Battalion was in danger of being cut off. It successfully regrouped and assisted in the recapture of the town. The battalion withdrew on 26 May, which marked the beginning a retreat to Hora Sfakion, on the southwest coast of Crete. Kippenberger rejoined the battalion after his previous command, the 10th Brigade, was disestablished after the capture of Galatas. On arrival at the evacuation beaches, it was found that there was insufficient room on the Australian destroyers that were the designated transport for all of the battalion's personnel. The bulk of the battaion was evacuated on 30 May although Kippenberger was forced to select 40 men to stay behind and form a rearguard under the command of Burrows. After manning defensive positions to prevent Germans infiltrating the cordon around the evacuation beaches, the rearguard was evacuated the following day.
North Africa.
The 20th Battalion was evacuated to Egypt, having lost over half its original complement of personnel during the Greece and Crete campaigns. After a short period of rest, Kippenberger set about bringing the battalion back up to strength. Nearly 400 replacements joined the battalion and stragglers, separated from the battalion for various reasons during the previous two months while in Greece and Crete, continued to arrive for several weeks as they made their way across the Mediterranean by various means, including small sailboats. By mid-June, the battalion was at full strength and several weeks were spent at the battalion's previous positions at Baggush, engaged in intensive desert training.
Operation Crusader.
In November 1941, the battalion participated in Operation Crusader as part of the British Eighth Army and was engaged in offensive operations towards the Sidi Azeiz area. On the night of 25 November, along with the 18th Battalion, it was tasked with the night-time capture of Belhamed, a hill adjacent to Sidi Rezegh. As the units moved to their positions, Kippenberger made a navigational error which resulted in his headquarters company becoming separated from the other companies of the battalion. It took him until daylight for him to reestablish contact with the remainder of the battalion which, when he located it, was in its expected position having taken the hill with few losses. Shortly after his arrival Kippenberger was wounded by machine gun fire and evacuated. The battalion held the hill for three days before it was destroyed by elements of the 15th Panzer Division in a counterattack. Only one man managed to escape capture.
Rebuilding.
In Syria, the battalion prepared defences in its assigned sector around Djedeide Fortress, digging weapons pits as well as undergoing further training. Following the attack on the Eighth Army's Gazala Line by Panzer Army Africa, the 2nd Division was recalled to Libya. On 17 June, the battalion left for Mersa Matruh, a 900 mile journey that took four days to complete. After a period of indecision as to where the division was to be best used, it moved to Minqar Qaim with the 20th Battalion remaining behind at Matruh for two days to act as security for engineers laying minefields before joining up with the division.
At Minqar Qaim, the division was to hold and delay the advance of the Panzer Army Africa for as long as it could while remaining intact. By the middle of the afternoon of 27 June, the division had been encircled by the 21st Panzer Division. Panzer units approached a number of the 2nd Division's positions, including the 20th Battalion's sector on the northern side of the Minqar Qaim escarpment, and were successfully beaten off. The New Zealanders broke out that evening with the 4th Brigade breaching the German lines and the 20th Battalion on the northern flank of the chosen withdrawal route. During the action at Minqar Qaim and the subsequent breakout, the battalion's casualties were light, with thirteen men killed and it reached the El Alamein line by 28 June.
El Alamein.
On 14 and 15 July 1942, during the First Battle of El Alamein, the battalion was engaged in what would be known as the Battle of Ruweisat Ridge. Ruweisat Ridge was held by the enemy and was in the centre of the El Alamein line, dominating the surrounding area. The 4th Brigade was to take the western end of the ridge, with Kippenberger's 5th Brigade tasked with the capture of the centre of the ridge. The 5th Indian Brigade was allocated to deal with the eastern end. British tanks, in the form of two armoured brigades, were to protect the flanks and be in support to deal with the expected counterattack. However, little thought was given to communication and liaison between the infantry and armoured brigades, nor was a clear chain of command established. This would have implications for the outcome of the battle.
After a night-time advance, the 20th Battalion was positioned on the ridge in reserve behind the 18th and 19th Battalions. On daybreak, it was discovered that the advance had bypassed numerous strong points, leaving the German line in front of the ridge largely intact. The supporting British armour was nowhere to be seen and the supporting artillery and anti-tank units were unable to break through, leaving the two New Zealand brigades in position on the exposed ridge. Kippenberger had difficulty with his radio communications and made a dash through enemy lines to make contact with the British armour. On reaching one of the British brigades, its commanding officer resisted Kippenberger's entreaties to advance and it was not until a passing British general authorised the move that the British mounted up. By the time the armoured support arrived, the flanking battalion of the 5th Brigade had been overrun, leaving the battalions of the 4th Brigade even more exposed and receiving fire from the enemy.
A counterattack by elements of the 15th Panzer Division was launched in the afternoon of 15 July. The limited number of anti-tank guns present were exposed and quickly immobilised or forced to withdraw. This left the infantry to be surrounded and large numbers were forced to surrender. Some soldiers made it to the positions of 19th Battalion, but it too became surrounded. By nightfall, the brigade had been overrun. Only the 18th Battalion managed to escape largely intact. Of the 20th Battalion, nearly 200 men were taken prisoner.
Conversion to armour.
About half of the 20th Battalion had been wounded, killed or captured during the battle of Ruweisat Ridge and it was withdrawn to Maadi to be brought back up to strength. It had previously been decided to form an armoured brigade to provide tank support to the 2nd New Zealand Division and as a result, the 1st New Zealand Army Tank Brigade was formed. This brigade was still undergoing training in New Zealand in September when it was decided to convert the 4th Brigade to armour instead. Personnel were transferred from the tank brigade in New Zealand to bring the 4th Brigade back up to strength. As one of the constituent units of the brigade, the 20th Battalion was officially re-designated the 20th Armoured Regiment on 5 October 1942.
The regiment, with three squadrons of tanks, would spend the next year in training, learning to use the signalling equipment and guns of the tanks it was expected to use. One squadron was to be equipped with Crusaders with the other two squadrons operating Shermans. However, the mechanically unreliable Crusaders were later replaced with Shermans. Burrows initially oversaw the transition to armour until he returned to New Zealand on furlough in May 1943 and was replaced by Lieutenant Colonel J. W. McKergow.
With the close of the North African campaign in May 1943, attention then turned to the European theater of operations. Despite a preference amongst some sections of the New Zealand government for the 2nd New Zealand Division to be redeployed in the Pacific theater, it was decided that the division, having served with the Eighth Army throughout the desert campaign would remain in Europe. Accordingly, in October, the division moved to join the Eighth Army in Italy.
Italy.
The 20th Armoured Regiment disembarked at Taranto on 22 October 1943 and gradually travelled up Italy towards the Sangro River, which it duly crossed on 3 December. In the following weeks, the regiment was involved in a supporting role in the 5th and 6th Brigades' attack on Orsogna, as part of the Moro River Campaign. Although the infantry made some gains, the German defences were too strong and the attack soon faded into a stalemate, with a number of back and forth actions. The regiment lost a number of tanks during the fighting but generally acquitted itself well and was withdrawn from the line the following month. McKergow had been wounded at Orsogna, and Lieutenant Colonel H. A. Purcell took over command of the regiment.
Following its withdrawal from the area around Orsogna, the 2nd New Zealand Division was one of a number of divisions that was transferred from the Eighth Army to the Fifth Army, then engaged on the western side of the Apennines. This was part of an overall strategy to breach the Gustav Line and break an otherwise deadlocked Italian front. Together with the 4th Indian Division and supporting British and American artillery, the division formed the New Zealand Corps, under the command of the New Zealand divisional commander, Major General Bernard Freyberg. The corps moved to Cassino, the defenders of which had resisted American forces for several weeks.
As at Orsogna, the 20th Armoured Regiment was to play a supporting role in the forthcoming Cassino attack, with the infantry of the 5th and 6th Brigades bearing the brunt of the battle. When the attack began on 15 March, the regiment was initially held as a reserve, ready to exploit any breakthrough by the infantry but this did not eventuate. The infantry struggled to make progress in the face of determined resistance. Over the next week, some of the squadrons of the regiment became involved in small scale raid actions. On 24 March, the regiment moved into the area of Cassino controlled by the New Zealand infantry, and essentially became mobile pillboxes. The tanks were vulnerable to artillery and German patrols and the troops of the various squadrons of the regiment were rotated in and out of the town in two day shifts. While the New Zealand infantry had been relieved by the Guards Brigade in the early April, the 20th Armoured Regiment stayed in the line until the end of the month.
After the New Zealand Corps was disbanded, a period of rest and training in the Volturno Valley followed for the 20th Armoured Regiment before it returned to action in May. It was temporarily split from the 4th Brigade and its various squadrons detached in support of separate operations being conducted by 5th and 6th Brigades in advances to Avezzano. Following the Normandy landings, the Italian campaign was reduced to a sideshow, although one which still had considerable value in tying down German forces that could otherwise be used elsewhere. The regiment, now rejoined with 4th Brigade, supported the infantry brigades as they advanced to Florence, and entered the city in August. The 2nd New Zealand Division was transferred to the I Canadian Corps, then on the Adriatic Coast, and advanced up to Rimini. Here the B Squadron of the regiment supported an attack by a Greek mountain brigade towards Rimini on 14 September.
On 19 and 20 October, the 4th Armoured Brigade was involved in its first action as a brigade in an attack towards the Savio River, with the 20th Armoured Regiment on the left flank. This was primarily a tank action, in contrast to previous battles in which the armour supported the infantry. Having advanced seven miles to complete its objectives, the regiment supported the 2nd Canadian Infantry Brigade in making its own attack across the river on the evening of 21 October. The regiment's Shermans fired an hour long barrage of high explosive shells along their front to create a diversion, under the cover of which the Canadians made their own landings on the far bank of the Savio.
In late 1944, the 20th Armoured Regiment crossed the Lamone River and its squadrons supported the infantry battalions of the 6th Brigade in attacks in and around the town of Faenza in December. The regiment then wintered along the Senio River. It would be involved in supporting infantry on the front lines until early February 1945. The regimental chaplain was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) after his efforts in organising and evacuating wounded infantry during this phase of the war.
Trieste and disbandment.
After a period of rest, the 20th Armoured Regiment returned to the front lines in early April. It made a series of advances against the retreating German rearguard. On 2 May, the regiment's A Company was the leading element of the 2nd New Zealand Division and entered Trieste. While most of the German garrison quickly surrendered, it was necessary to deal with some diehard elements who refused to surrender to either the New Zealanders or the Yugoslav partisans also present in the city. In fact, the partisans were reluctant to allow Germans to surrender to the New Zealanders at all.
The regiment, along with the rest of the 2nd New Zealand Division, remained in and around Trieste for several weeks to counter the presence of the partisans, who had laid claim to the city. It was not until mid June that the partisans withdrew from the city. It would be several more weeks before it was determined by the New Zealand government that the division would not be required for service in the Pacific theatre of operations. However, the longest serving men of the regiment had been steadily returning to New Zealand on furlough since early 1944, and most were not required to return. By the end of August, the last elements of the regiment had withdrawn from Trieste to wintering positions near Florence. In mid-September, it was decided to send the latest reinforcement drafts, then assembling in New Zealand, to Japan to serve as an occupation force (Jayforce) and that the men of 20th Armoured Regiment would not be required. This accelerated the demobilisation process and accordingly the regiment was officially disbanded on 2 December 1945.
During the war, the 20th Battalion and its successor, the 20th Armoured Regiment, lost 366 officers and men either killed in action or who later died of their wounds, including 30 men who died as prisoners of war. Nearly 750 personnel were made prisoners of war.
Honours.
Some of the personnel of the 20th Battalion were highly decorated, including two members that were awarded the Victoria Cross (VC). Sergeant Jack Hinton was awarded a VC for his actions during the Battle of Greece. Captain Charles Upham was awarded a VC for his actions during the Battle of Crete, and later won a bar to his VC for his actions during the Battle of Ruweisat Ridge on 15 July 1942. Six members of the battalion, including some of its commanders, were awarded the Distinguished Service Order while four members were appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire. Several other awards for gallantry were also made.
Commanding officers.
The following officers served as commanding officer of the 20th Battalion:

</doc>
<doc id="36773453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773453" title="Rasul Abduraim">
Rasul Abduraim

Rasul Abduraim (born 12 December 1988 in Bishkek) is a Kyrgyzstani taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the 80 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the preliminary round by Mauro Sarmiento.

</doc>
<doc id="36773485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773485" title="Aaron Berzel">
Aaron Berzel

Aaron Berzel (born May 29, 1992) is a German footballer who plays as a defender for SV Darmstadt 98.
Career.
Berzel played youth football for later 1899 Hoffenheim and VfL Wolfsburg, but it was with Holstein Kiel that he was to make his breakthrough in senior football. He joined the club in 2011, and made 21 appearances in the Regionalliga Nord in the 2011–12 season, before his former Wolfsburg youth coach, Christian Benbennek, brought him to 3. Liga side SV Babelsberg 03. Babelsberg were relegated in the 2012–13 season, so Berzel left the club, signing for SV Darmstadt 98.

</doc>
<doc id="36773496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773496" title="Carles Gil">
Carles Gil

Carles Gil de Pareja Vicent (born 22 November 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Valencia CF as a right winger or an attacking midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Valencia, Valencian Community, Gil was a product of Valencia CF's youth system. He made his senior debuts at only 17 with the club's reserves, playing one game in the third division. He was brought to the main squad for the 2010, 2011 and 2012 pre-seasons, and scored the third goal in the latter against SV Rödinghausen (4–0 away win), earning a professional contract until 2016 shortly after.
Gil was loaned to Valencian neighbours Elche CF for the 2012–13 campaign. He first played in the second level on 19 August 2012, starting in a home game against SD Ponferradina and netting in an eventual 4–2 win; he scored in the following match, a 2–1 success at Hércules CF.
After being a very important offensive unit as the club returned to La Liga after nearly 25 years, Gil remained with Elche for 2013–14, still owned by the "Che". He made his debut in the competition on 19 August 2013, in a 0–3 loss at Rayo Vallecano.
Gil scored his first goal in the top flight on 1 March 2014, netting the game's only in a home win over Celta de Vigo.
International career.
On 30 August 2013, Julen Lopetegui named Gil in the Spanish U21 squad for friendlies against Austria and Albania. He made his debut against the former, coming on as a second-half substitute and providing an assist in a 4–0 win for the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualifiers.

</doc>
<doc id="36773499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773499" title="Julie Nykiel">
Julie Nykiel

Julie Nykiel (born 13 December 1958) is a former Australian women's basketball player.
Biography.
Basketball.
Nykiel played for the national team between 1979 and 1990, competing at two Olympic Games; 1984 and 1988. Nykiel also represented Australia at three World Championships - 1979, 1983 and 1986.
In the domestic competition, Nykiel was the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL) Most Valuable Player in 1984 and 1988. Her single-game record of 53 points (set in 1982) stood for over 20 years and was achieved without the benefit of a three-point line. Nykiel led the WNBL in points scored on 5 occasions; 1981, 1983, 1984, 1985 & 1988. In 2006, Nykiel polled as the 7th greatest Australian female basketball player in the 25-year team. Nykiel is also recognised as one of the leading players in WNBL history.
Nykiel was inducted into the Australian Basketball Hall of Fame in 2004.
Netball.
Following her retirement from basketball in 1990, Nykiel went on to a successful career in South Australian netball as a Goal Shooter, playing in a number of state league netball Grand Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36773513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773513" title="Tata Centre">
Tata Centre

Tata Centre is a high-rise located in Kolkata, India. It is located in the central business district of the city beside Jawaharlal Nehru Road.
Details.
Tata Centre is one of the tallest buildings in the CBD and an important landmark in the central part of the city.Designed by Ar. Indranil Sen, it is a commercial building and was built in 1969, making it the first 18-floor building in the city. This sleek designed glass and steel tower has a total height of . The building has underground car park, central air conditioning, 7 high-speed lifts. It also houses a sub-telephone exchange for BSNL. Tata Centre is the marketing headquarters for Tata Steel Limited. Other than Tata Steel, Metaljunction has their corporate office in this building. Other registration and corporate offices of the Tata group located here are Tata Metaliks, Tata Pigments, TELCON, Tata International, Tata Kubota Pipes, Tata Bluescope Steel, Tata Sponge and Tata Mutual Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="36773515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773515" title="Philipp Kreuels">
Philipp Kreuels

Philipp Kreuels (born 11 January 1985) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent.

</doc>
<doc id="36773518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773518" title="Qatar Under-19 cricket team">
Qatar Under-19 cricket team

The Qatar Under 19 team has participated in Asia Cup tournaments in 2001, 2003 and 2005, reaching the semi finals on the 2003 & 2005 editions. In the 2001 they came runner up in the plate league.
Squad.
The Under-19 team for the Qatar which played in the Asian Cricket Council Under-19s Asia Cup 2012

</doc>
<doc id="36773533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773533" title="Herman Willemse">
Herman Willemse

Herman "Flying Dutchman" Willemse (born ca. 1934 in Utrecht) was a Dutch long-distance and marathon swimmer. In 2008, he was inducted to the International Marathon Swimming Hall of Fame.
Willemse started his career as a freestyle swimmer, winning 13 national titles and setting 19 national records in the 100 m, 200 m, 400 m, 800 m and 1500 m events between 1952 and 1958. In 1959, he switched to marathon swimming and became the second Dutchman to cross the English Channel, with a time of 12h49. Later in the 1960s he dominated the world marathon swimming. For three years after 1964, when the point system was introduced, he was ranked world number two, after Abo Heif. His clean sweep of the Around-the-Island Marathon Swim in 1960–1964 brought the organizers to a problem that spectators lost interest in the race. The race was discontinued in 1965.
A school teacher by profession, Willemse was known for his academic approach to swimming. He would often travel around the place before the competition and measure the water temperature, to optimize his racing strategy, or even withdraw from a potentially disastrous race if the temperature was too low. He retired from competitive swimming around 1970 and published a book titled "Marathonzwemmen" ("Marathon Swimming"). 

</doc>
<doc id="36773535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773535" title="FAP 1117">
FAP 1117

FAP 1117 was the predecessor of the latest FAP military truck version, FAP 1118. This is an all-terrain vehicle developed by VTI and scheduled for production by FAP factory in Priboj. It was not introduced in serial production, being only prototype, while it's lightly improved successor, FAP 1118 is in full serial production.
It is designed for transport of personnel, weapons and material of up to 4t gross weight, as well as for towing of artillery pieces and trailers. Equipped with all-wheel drive, locking of all differentials and powerful diesel engine, the vehicle is able to negotiate cross-country gradients of 60%. Central regulation of tire pressure assures high mobility over soft soil and its well thought out body geometry enables easy negotiating of natural and man-made obstacles such as trenches, railway embankments, escarps etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36773560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773560" title="Apse from La Seu d'Urgell">
Apse from La Seu d'Urgell

The Apse from La Seu d'Urgell is an apse exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
Description.
The decoration on this apse is a noteworthy sample from the MNAC's unique collection of Romanesque mural painting, most of which comes from the diocese of Urgell.
In the apse there was a large representation of the Theophany, or manifestation of the Lord, inspired in the Gospel and the Book of Revelation. Christ appeared in all his splendour, upright and imposing in the mandorla of his glory, with the Earth as his footstool, in keeping with the Biblical interpretation. He was surrounded by the Tetramorph, or symbols of the Evangelists, of which John's eagle and Luke's bull are preserved almost whole.
The vision evoked in this image is both the Ascent of Christ and his triumphant return at the end of time. An attractive Greek fret in the classical tradition separates this register from the one below, in which are the Virgin and the Apostles, centred in the figures of St Peter, with the keys, and Mary, with a crown in her hand, a curious iconographic detail referring to the Kingdom of Heaven.
Also portrayed are Andrew, with the cross, a beardless John the Evangelist and Paul, the Apostle of the Gentiles, who represent the Church militant attending the manifestation of God. Attractive floral borders decorated the windows. Stylistically, these paintings show a synthesis of different influences from Lombardy, Occitania and Peitieu.

</doc>
<doc id="36773580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773580" title="Rodrigues blue pigeon">
Rodrigues blue pigeon

The Rodrigues blue pigeon ("Alectroenas payandeei") is an extinct species of blue pigeon which was endemic to Rodrigues. It is known only from the holotype tarsometatarsus collected in 2005, associated with remains of a Rodrigues night heron and a Rodrigues rail. A femur described in 1879 but now lost may also have belonged to the species. It was not specifically mentioned by contemporary writers, and it is therefore unknown when it went extinct.

</doc>
<doc id="36773581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773581" title="Doddapaneni Kalyankrishna">
Doddapaneni Kalyankrishna

Doddapaneni Kalyankrishna is an Indian first-class cricketer from Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh. He plays for Andhra cricket team. Kalyankrishna was part of the Deccan Chargers roster for the IPL season of 2007-2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36773586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773586" title="Patrick Kirsch">
Patrick Kirsch

Patrick Kirsch (born January 1, 1981) is a German footballer who currently plays for Preußen Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="36773592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773592" title="1992 DFB-Pokal Final">
1992 DFB-Pokal Final

The 1991–92 DFB-Pokal competition came to a close on 23 May 1992 when 1. Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach played 2. Bundesliga team Hannover 96 at the Olympiastadion in Berlin. Hannover 96 made history as the first, and to date only, club from outside the top division to win the cup when they won 4–3 on penalties. The game had finished goalless after 120 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="36773605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773605" title="Philip Heise">
Philip Heise

Philip Heise (born June 20, 1991) is a German footballer who currently plays for 1. FC Heidenheim.

</doc>
<doc id="36773607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773607" title="Planetary Annihilation">
Planetary Annihilation

Planetary Annihilation is a real-time strategy computer game in development by Uber Entertainment. It is being developed by much of the team responsible for "Total Annihilation" and "Supreme Commander".
The game is available on Steam listed as Steam Early Access.
Gameplay.
In interviews with "PC Gamer" and Joystiq, lead game developer Jon Mavor commented that the game's complexity and playtime can vary, from half-hour, 2-player battles to lengthy, 40-player matches. "Planetary Annihilation" features a planet-based map system, different types of planets and asteroids. Players will be able to conquer other planets and even entire systems on maps said to include "hundreds of worlds," through the Galactic War. These planets are dynamic in that they can be 'annihilated' using asteroids, a major focus for Uber Entertainment. The game's creators have also stated that "Planetary Annihilation" will resemble something of the 1997 RTS "Total Annihilation" as its focus is more towards 'macro' gameplay as opposed to 'micro' gameplay. In development updates, Mavor has commented that "a million" in-game units is a design goal of the development team. The player(s) lose when the last commander is destroyed.
History.
Jon Mavor wrote the graphics engine for "Total Annihilation". He was also the lead programmer on "Supreme Commander". The game's art style is done by Steve Thompson, who previously worked on the art for "Total Annihilation" and "Supreme Commander". Voice actor John Patrick Lowrie, who did all the narrations for "Total Annihilation", is doing the narrations for "Planetary Annihilation" as well.
According to Mavor, while game visualization began in May 2012, just three months prior to the game's public announcement, the game concept itself had been in development for approximately three years by that time. Additionally, the server and game engine technologies that would underpin the game had been in development for several years prior to the game's public reveal, with some of the server technology having already made its way into UberNet, Uber Entertainment's back-end server network.
Kickstarter funding.
Rather than pursue investor funding, "Planetary Annihilation's" developer, Uber Entertainment, chose to use the crowd-funding site Kickstarter for their financial backing. They revealed the game to the public on August 15, 2012, with their Kickstarter funding goal set at $900,000. The concept video used for the pledge campaign took approximately three months to go from initial pencil-and-paper designs to final animation.
As the campaign began, pledges came in quickly, reaching $450,000 by the fifth day of the campaign. On August 22, Uber Entertainment announced the first set of "stretch goals" for the Kickstarter campaign, that is, additional features for the game that would be included or "unlocked" by exceeding the funding goal. As the campaign progressed, additional goals were revealed, with the goals eventually including naval units and water planets at $1.1 million, gas giants and orbiting platforms at $1.3 million, lava and metal planets at $1.5 million, a "Galactic War" feature at $1.8 million, a full orchestral score at $2 million, and a behind-the-scenes documentary if the pledges should surpass $2.1 million.
By the fifteenth day of the Kickstarter campaign, "Planetary Annihilation" reached its funding goal of $900,000, and by the campaign's conclusion on September 14, 2012, "Planetary Annihilation" had raised approximately $2,228,000 via Kickstarter and an additional $101,000 via PayPal. As a result, all stretch goals were achieved.
Kickstarter featured "Planetary Annihilation" as the 11th Kickstarter project to have raised over a million dollars, using it to highlight the successes that games had been enjoying on the site.
Release.
The Alpha was launched on June 8, 2013 for alpha-level backers, with Steam Early Access since the 13th of June, 2013.
The Beta version of the game was released on September 26, 2013, and it was later opened up to all initial kickstarter backers on November 19, 2013. On December 6, 2013, the official final release date was postponed, with the game expected "to be feature-complete in early 2014."
, the current version of the game is Gamma Build: 67523

</doc>
<doc id="36773623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773623" title="Pope-Tribune">
Pope-Tribune

Pope-Tribune was part of the Pope automobile group of companies founded by Colonel Albert Pope manufacturing Brass Era automobiles in Hagerstown, Maryland. With an initial price of $650, it was cheapest model of the Pope automobiles.
The factory was set up in the old Crawford bicycle factory and run by Harold E. Pope, the colonel's son. 
The first Pope-Tribune, a single-cylinder runabout, was introduced in 1904. It was to the design of Hiram Percy Maxim, son of Sir Hiram Stevens Maxim (the inventor of the Maxim gun). The model that is on display in the National Motor Museum, Beaulieu, is an early model with a single cylinder and shaft drive. Model II also had a front-mounted, vertical, single-cylinder engine (with a 4.5in bore and a 4in stroke), wheel steering, sliding pinion gearbox, shaft drive and a bevel rear axle with a differential.
In 1905, the price of the car was reduced from $650 to $500, and a 12 hp two cylinder model was added.
Production continued until 1908, but by then the cars had become larger and more expensive. The final models, with four-cylinder engines, were a 16/20 hp selling for $1750, and a 30 hp for $2750. The company closed in November 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="36773638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773638" title="Marco Königs">
Marco Königs

Marco Königs (born 25 January 1990) is a German footballer who currently plays for SV Wehen Wiesbaden.

</doc>
<doc id="36773702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773702" title="Paintings from Sant Joan in Boí">
Paintings from Sant Joan in Boí

The Paintings from Sant Joan in Boí is a group of Catalan Romanesque paintings exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
Description.
The paintings from Sant Joan in Boí make up what is considered one of the finest groups in Catalan Romanesque painting. Their chronology, around 1100, has been established indirectly on the basis of the architecture of the building and
from comparison with the paintings in other churches in the valley of Boí: Sant Climent and Santa Maria in Taüll. Their study has led to comparison with those of Saint Martin de Vicq (Nohant-Vicq, Indre, central France) from the second half of the twelfth century, in which has been found not so much a certain interdependence but the use of common, possibly Carolingian European models.
Of the whole, what remains is basically the painting from the aisles and the arches separating the nave and the aisles, enough to reveal a rich iconographic programme with ample references to the story of the Redemption.
Exemplary scenes are depicted from the lives of saints, of which the most important fragment is the "Lapidation of Saint Stephen", a vast repertory of animals of a moralistic nature (mainly on the intradoses of the arches) and a scene with minstrels, something very unusual, which in this case must be taken as being in praise of the Lord. There was also a representation of the Day of Judgement from which the surviving fragments of Paradise, Hell and the apocalyptic dragon came.
The paintings from Boí must be considered an example of an underlying French influence in Catalonia which was different from the Italian influence that was to dominate the Romanesque pictorial scenario in Catalonia after the paintings of the Pedret Circle.

</doc>
<doc id="36773706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773706" title="Qualified Chapel">
Qualified Chapel

A Qualified Chapel in eighteenth and nineteenth century Scotland was an Episcopal congregation that worshipped liturgically but accepted the Hanoverian monarchy and thereby "qualified" under the Scottish Episcopalians Act 1711 for exemption from the penal laws against the Episcopal Church of Scotland .
After the Glorious Revolution of 1688, many Scottish Episcopalians, holding the Divine Right of Kings, remained true to their oaths to James II and refused in conscience to recognise or pray for William and Mary. The Episcopalians were ejected from parish churches by the Presbyterians. After the Jacobite risings of 1715 and 1745 in which many Episcopalians participated, harsher restrictions were imposed on Episcopalians under the Toleration Act of 1746 and Penal Act of 1748. Priests who did not swear allegiance to George II, pray for him by name and register their Letters of Orders were forbidden to minister to more than four people ("the prescribed four") at any one time. The penalty for a first offence was imprisonment for six months; thereafter the penalty was transportation to the West Indies plantations for life. Penalties for lay people worshipping at Episcopalian services included being prevented from holding any public office, deprivation of the right to vote and being barred from admission to the universities and colleges. Further persecution followed – no clergyman ordained by a Scottish bishop could "qualify" to conduct ordinary and open worship. 
The eighteenth century saw the establishment of Qualified Chapels where worship was conducted according to the English Book of Common Prayer and where congregations, led by priests ordained by Bishops of the Church of England or the Church of Ireland, were willing to pray for the Hanoverians. Such chapels drew their congregations from English people living in Scotland and from Scottish Episcopalians who were not bound to the Jacobite cause. These were independent congregations, not recognised by the bishops of the Episcopal Church of Scotland, and refusing to accept the authority of those bishops.
The two forms of Episcopalianism existed side by side, one made almost invisible by penal laws and the other one tolerated and public.
The divide was largely ended in 1788 when Charles Edward Stuart died in exile. Unwilling to recognise his brother Henry Benedict Stuart, who was a cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church, as his heir, the Episcopalians elected to recognise the House of Hanover and offer allegiance to George III. At the repeal of the penal laws in 1792 there were twenty-four Qualified Chapels in Scotland. Nonjuring and Qualified congregations gradually united, particularly after the 1804 Convocation of Laurencekirk where the Episcopal Church adopted the Thirty-Nine Articles. The last separate Qualified Chapel, St Peter's in Montrose, only joined the Episcopal Church in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="36773717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773717" title="Maximilian Schulze Niehues">
Maximilian Schulze Niehues

Maximilian Schulze Niehues (born November 11, 1988) is a German footballer who currently plays for Preußen Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="36773733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773733" title="Bergregal">
Bergregal

The Bergregal, or "Bergwerksregal", was the historic right of ownership of untapped mineral resources in parts of German-speaking Europe; ownership of the "Bergregal" meant entitlement to the rights and royalties from mining ("Berg" in this context = "mining" and "regal" = "regale" or "right" as in "droit de régale"). Historically, it was one of those regalia, or privileges, that originally constituted the sovereign rights of the king ("Berghoheit" or "mining sovereignty"). In addition to the "Bergregal" there was also the "Münzregal" or "minting rights", an important sovereign privilege, which was a consequence of the "Bergregal", since coins were minted near the mines from which their metal was obtained.
History.
In the early days of the Roman Empire, the landowner had the right to extract minerals. The reason behind this was that mineral resources were seen as "fruit of the soil" which were deemed to belong the landowner. The first regalia, or royal privileges, emerged in the first millennium, but there was still no "Bergregal" governing mining rights as part of the laws regulating property. Emperors and kings, the nobility or clerics who ruled over a territory, established this right for themselves, based on their ownership of land and the mineral resources found therein. This was easy for the king or territorial princes because, as a rule, they were the actual landowners. But it was often political and economic circumstances rather than law and statute that were instrumental in the establishment of the "Bergregal". 
The Emperor, Barbarossa, had the "Bergregal" recorded in writing for the first time in Germany as part of the Roncaglian Constitution in 1158. This effectively removed the right to extract minerals from the landowner who, from then on, had to purchase such rights from the king. As a result of the Roncaglian Constitution, mining rights passed over time into the hands of the territorial lords. This led to arbitrary presumptions of rights by these territorial princes. Because of "Kleinstaaterei" – the plethora of minor states – and the special position of ecclesiastical principalities in the Holy Roman Empire, enforcement of the "Bergregal" by the emperor was virtually impossible. and so, in many cases, it was given to the princes. For example, Frederick I vested this privilege in Otto the Rich, the Margrave of Meissen. Likewise, the Bishop of Chur was given the "Bergregal" in 1349 and the King of Bohemia already received these rights even before the Golden Bull was issued.
In 1356, the Golden Bull finally enshrined in writing that these rights were ultimately held, not by the emperor, but by the seven electoral princes (the archbishops of Cologne, Mainz and Trier, the King of Bohemia, the Count Palatine of the Rhine, the Duke of Saxony, Margrave of Brandenburg) as his territorial lords. Existing grants of rights to lower-ranking lords were unaffected. In general, the electoral princes were keen to retain the "Bergregal" for themselves.
The Treaty of Westphalia in 1648, saw the rights of the "Bergregal" pass from the electoral princes to the lesser nobility. To enforce their mining rights, the territorial lords had mining regulations enacted, the so-called "Bergordnung", which regulated in detail the mining activities, the duties or tithes (the "Zehnt"), the structure of the mining authorities and the privileges of the miners themselves.
In the 19th century the "Bergregal" in the German states was gradually superseded by mining acts or "Berggesetze". In Prussia, the "Bergregal" was ended by the General Mining Act for the Prussian States ("Allgemeine Berggesetz für die Preußischen Staaten") or ABG of 24 June 1865. Landowners' rights were removed and mining regulations were clearly defined in the "Berggesetz". This process began with the Napoleonic conquests, when French law was temporarily enacted in many parts of Germany, and was largely completed with the adoption of the General Mining Act of the Kingdom of Saxony ("Allgemeinen Berggesetzes für das Königreich Sachsen") on 16 June 1868.
Legal implications and exercise.
As a result of the "Bergregal", there was a legal separation of property ownership and mining rights. Local landowners were only left with exploration and mining rights for a few unimportant minerals. The territorial prince, on the other hand, had three options by which he could exercise his rights under the "Bergregal":
The first opportunity for mining to be operated for the benefit of the state came in those countries in which mining was regulated by free declaration ("Freierklärung"). But here, the ruler had to have explicitly renounced his rights to the exploitation of natural resources. In practice, no German state – indeed no European state – had a monopoly over mining rights. 
The way mining rights were granted went back to the days of feudalism. However, mining privileges was not just granted to certain individuals, but also to entire estates or towns. In particular, towns involved in the mining industry for a long time were given special privileges and rights. One of these was the granting of the "freedom to mine" ("Bergfreiheit"), with its associated privileges, to the miners and burghers of the towns. These privileges were intended to support the mining industry and growth of the towns. However, this freedom was not part of the "Bergregal"; it was based, in the German states at least, on the old mining constitutions. In these constitutions, the "Bergregal" was exercised through the declaration of such freedom. It was also quite common for all three options described above to be used simultaneously in the same state.
Distinctions and demarcations.
Specifically which minerals were governed by the "Bergregal" varied from state to state, but generally there were two categories: the "upper" or "higher" "Bergregal" and the "lower" "Bergregal". The upper "Bergregal", which covered the mining of precious metals (gold and silver), but could include salt and precious stones remained, almost without exception, in the hands of the state rulers. Precious stones and salt were not part of the upper "Bergregal" in all countries, however. The lower "Bergregal" covered the mining of base metals, like iron, tin, copper, cobalt, lead and bismuth, as well as the minerals arsenic, sulphur, saltpetre and antimony. In many cases these rights were awarded to a third party or granted to landowners under the mining regulations ("Bergordnung").
The mining of bituminous coal, brown coal and peat did not initially come under the "Bergregal"; instead ownership remained with the landowners because these resources were classed as fossil fuels. But the territorial lords very quickly realised that coal mining was potentially very lucrative and, as a result, the "Bergregal" was soon extended to cover coal too. Peat cutting continued to fall outside the "Bergregal", as did the quarrying of gravel, clay, marl and limestone. These minerals were the property of the landowners. In the Prussian states, semi-precious stones and precious stones were not part of the "Bergregal" if they were lying loose in a field or were brought to light in the course of economic activity such as ploughing.
Issues.
Issues inevitably arose over the "Bergregal". In states where specific resources were not governed by a mining act ("Bergrecht"), but were now regulated by a newly introduced "Bergregal", there was serious opposition from the mining companies. They did not initially want to denounce their ownership in order to lease the right to mine or to have to lease their mine property. In addition, new taxes, such as the mine tithe and special mine duties like the so-called "Quatembergeld", led to unrest amongst the mine operators. The introduction of coal tithes frequently led to disputes. To pay the coal tithe, 10 per cent of coal production had to be separated into special heaps. This coal had to be sold first, the profit going to the territorial lords. This coal was often stolen by night. As a result, the mining companies had to be supervised by mining authorities ("Bergbehörde"). In the mining fields of the Mark of Brandenburg, there was such unrest that the military had to intervene. 
Other problems were caused by the location of the ore deposits. If a deposit extended over two territories, there could be disagreements at the state border. The mining operators often ended up in conflict. Because different organizations were responsible on either side of the border, there was the question of which mining jurisdiction (mining court or "Berggericht") was responsible for handling a case. These disputes could adversely affect the relationship between the territorial princes as well as the local mining industry. The situation was aided slightly, if the powers of one mining court were greater than those of the other.
Economics.
The "Bergregal" represented a considerable source of income for its owner. The entitlement to a fixed percentage (usually 10%) of the commodity (in the early days of mining usually salt or ore) from each mining|mine, (the so-called mine tithe, "Bergzehnt" or "Fron") formed the basis for the wealth of the great rulers, for example, in the Electorate of Hanover and Duchy of Saxony, helping to finance their expensive royal households. The owner of the "Bergregal" also had the option of first refusal. This effectively resulted in a monopoly. In this way, many regions laid the economic foundations for their future development and the territorial lords and princes showed great interest in the promotion of the mines in their lands, whether through advances, grants or joint construction, because a decline in the mining industry could result in an empty treasury.
Present-day regulations.
Following the end of the "Bergregal", mining acts were introduced in the individual states to govern the extraction of mineral resources. In Germany the exploration and extraction of natural resources is governed by the Federal Mining Act ("Bundesberggesetz"). The Austrian equivalent is the Raw Materials Act ("Mineralrohstoffgesetz"). In Switzerland, the exploration and mining of minerals is regulated by the Swiss "Bergregal". In 1649, ten courts in Graubünden broke away from Austrian rule. At that time it was already laid down that mining rights under the "Bergregal" lay with the landowner. This regulation is still in force today.

</doc>
<doc id="36773759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773759" title="2012–13 Olympique de Marseille season">
2012–13 Olympique de Marseille season

The 2012–13 season of Marseille will be the club's 63rd season in the Ligue 1 and this year they will be challenging for four titles: Ligue 1, UEFA Europa League, Coupe de France and Coupe de la Ligue.
Transfers.
In.
Total spending: €3,200,000
Out.
Total income: €24,500,000
Kits.
Marseille's home kit features the traditional white / turquoise blend with orange trims. The away kit features a retro style, with one of the club's older badges and French tricolor on collar and sleeves. The third kit is an inversion of the club's home colours, providing an intimidating black-orange look.
Squad statistics.
As of June 2012

</doc>
<doc id="36773779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773779" title="T. B. Simatupang">
T. B. Simatupang

Tahi Bonar Simatupang (28 January 1920 – 1 January 1990) was a soldier who served in the Indonesian National Revolution and went on to become chief of staff of the Indonesian Armed Forces.
Early life.
Simatupang was born in Dairi, North Sumatra, then part of Dutch East Indies to a Batak Protestant family. Simatupang attended a Dutch colonial school, and then moved to Jakarta in 1937 for further study. In 1942, he gained entry to the Dutch Military Academy, but his studies were interrupted by the Japanese conquest.
Military career.
During the Indonesian National Revolution, Simatupang, now a colonel, joined the Siliwangi Division in Central Java, and by January 1950, following the death of General Sudirman, he was acting chief of staff of the Indonesian Armed Forces ("Angkatan Perang"). Like army chief of staff General Nasution, he was an "administrator", committed to the reduction in size of the armed forces after independence had been won in order to bring about a professional military. He opposed efforts by a disgruntled rival, Colonel Bambang Supemo, to replace Nasution, but was himself criticized for apparent political bias after articles he wrote in 1952 were perceived as favoring the Socialist Party of Indonesia (PSI). After the incident on 17 October 1952, in which the army brought demonstrators and troops to the Merdeka Palace in an effort to persuade President Sukarno to dissolve parliament, Simatupang's days were numbered, and on 4 November 1953, his post as chief of staff was abolished, effectively dismissing him. He then took a position as an adviser to the Ministry of Defense, and then became a lecturer at the Army Staff College and the Military Legal Academy before resigning from the military altogether in 1959.
Post-military life.
After his resignantion, Simatupang devoted his life to religious duties and writing. He died in Jakarta on the first day of 1990. In November 2013 Simatupang, together with Rajiman Wediodiningrat and Lambertus Nicodemus Palar, was declared a National Hero of Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="36773782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773782" title="Rico Schmider">
Rico Schmider

Rico Schmider (born June 24, 1991) is a German footballer who currently plays for Kickers Offenbach.

</doc>
<doc id="36773792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773792" title="The Remedy (Karima Francis album)">
The Remedy (Karima Francis album)

The Remedy is an 2012 album by singer Karima Francis.

</doc>
<doc id="36773802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773802" title="Johan Ulvenlöv">
Johan Ulvenlöv

Johan Ulvenlöv is a Swedish political online strategist (left/progressive), currently working at the Swedish Trade Union Confederation. Between 2011-2013 he worked for Unionen, the world's largest white-collar trade union. Most notable he has been responsible for the Swedish Social Democrats' Socialdemokraterna commitment to advocacy in social media during the election campaigns of 2006 and 2010. He has built and organized the Swedish blog network Netroots (similar to the U.S equivalent Netroots) and participated as speaker at Netroots Nation (U.S.) and Netroots UK. Also he has been active supporting the opposition in Belarus and helping trade unions to organize online in Hungary. He is the author of the book "Netroots", a progressive blog movement that set the agenda (Bilda Publishers, 2010, ISBN 9157481199), where also the famous American blogger John Aravosis participates.
During the final stages of the Swedish Election 2010 the Swedish Netroots organization played a crucial role in raising the social security issue. Using blogs, Twitter and Facebook, a young girl's blogpost about her sick mom losing health insurance was widely spread and shifted focus of the election. Leading Swedish Internet strategists have claimed that the right-wing alliance lost their majority in the Swedish parliament due to this issue.
In March 2010, The Swedish newspaper SvD listed Johan Ulvenlövs blog, s-buzz, as one of the 10 hottest political blogs in Sweden. The blogs were not ranked.
Johan Ulvenlöv have mapped and analyzed the growth of the Swedish political blogosphere 2007–2012. Using data from over 900,000 blogposts from almost 3,000 different blogs between 2007 and 2012. The report was covered by Swedish public service (TV) in May 2012.
During the Scandinavian Airlines crisis, November 2012 Johan Ulvenlöv acted as spokesperson for Unionen, the Swedish trade union involved in the negotiations with the airline. He also did the online message strategy and used pictures from the actual negotiations posted on Twitter to balance the airlines hardline message machine. This is the first time a trade union used Twitter covering an actual negotiation from the inside. The Swedish daily newspaper SvD described this as "...a war on Twitter between the trade union and the head of corporation, SAS".
Johan Ulvenlöv was the person who organized the social media campaign during the strike for collective bargains at the Callcenter Focus CRS in Fränsta, early spring 2013. He used google search results in a controversial manner to bring out the persons behind the company that refused to sign the agreement. After two months of striking the company was forced to close its office in Fränsta. The strike and the campaign has been mentioned as a huge success. Swedish National Broadcast, SVT, called the strike "one of the most debated strikes in modern swedish history".

</doc>
<doc id="36773806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773806" title="Lestrod Roland">
Lestrod Roland

Lestrod Roland (born 5 September 1992 in Basseterre) is a Kittitian sprinter. He competed for the Saint Kitts and Nevis team in the 4 × 100 metres relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics; the team placed sixth in its heat with a time of 38.41 seconds and did not qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36773808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773808" title="Micheen Thornycroft">
Micheen Thornycroft

Micheen Thornycroft (born 26 June 1987), is a Zimbabwean rower. Born in Harare she competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the single sculls for the national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36773861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773861" title="Paintings from El Burgal">
Paintings from El Burgal

The Paintings from El Burgal is group of paintings exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
Description.
The very noteworthy style of the paintings from the Burgal apse is linked to the Pedret Circle, of Lombardic influence. The programme of images, with its marked Eucharistic and ecclesiological sense (referring to the Eucharist and the Church), contained a Theophany or vision of the divinity on the vault, which was presided by the figure of the Maiestas Domini or Christ in Majesty, which to judge from the surviving remains must have been monumental. It was flanked by the figures of two prophets in a reverent attitude of beseeching and by two archangels carrying signs with inscriptions on which they advocated for sinners. These have been partly preserved. In the lower register is a representation of the Church militant, with imposing, grim-looking apostles and saints sitting in a semicircle and centred by the figures of Mary, with the chalice, and John the Baptist, with the Lamb, the symbol of the death and resurrection of Christ, of great Eucharistic significance.
Beside them are Peter, with the keys, Paul, with a scroll and a volume, and John the Evangelist, on the right, plus another apostle on the left. An attractive Greek fret separates this area from the painted drapery there was at the bottom of the apse.
What especially distinguishes this apse is the figure of the richly dressed female donor holding a lighted candle. She appears superimposed on the drapery, as though approaching the holy images. She is wearing a luxurious dress decorated with precious
stones and from the remains of an inscription can be identified as the Countess Llúcia, wife of Artau I of Pallars Sobirà. The paintings probably date from the time of their children Artau II and Ot, who was soon to be bishop of Urgell. In the
church, in situ, close to the apse, is the portrait of other characters, presumably also members of the count’s family.

</doc>
<doc id="36773988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773988" title="Abdulrahman Abdou">
Abdulrahman Abdou

Abdulrahman Abdou (born 1 October 1972) is a Qatari football referee. He was a referee at the 2007 and 2011 AFC Asian Cup and also the AFC Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="36773995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773995" title="Jabber.org">
Jabber.org

Jabber.org is the original instant messaging (IM) service based on XMPP, an open standard for IM.
History.
Jabber.org was started in 1999 and has offered free XMPP accounts to users continuously since. It originally served as the development testbed for the jabberd server project. After becoming more stable it also became more popular with end users. It is now a public production service, and one of the biggest nodes on the open XMPP network, with an average of 17,000 users logged in at a time (as of 2012).
Jabber.org originally ran on what is now known as Jabberd14, in 2006 the service was migrated to ejabberd on which it ran until 2010. In 2010 the service was migrated to Isode Limited's M-Link XMPP Server.
As of June 25, 2013 the register.jabber.org website has shown this error message for people who try to sign up "June 25, 2013: We have temporarily disabled account registration at the jabber.org IM service while we migrate the account database to a new machine. We will enable the web registration form again as soon as possible! In the meantime, you can create an account at any other public XMPP service."
The SSL certificate has also expired since then. 

</doc>
<doc id="36773998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36773998" title="A+X">
A+X

A+X was a monthly ongoing comic book anthology series that was published by Marvel Comics from October 2012 to March 2014 as part of the company's Marvel NOW! initiative. Each issue includes two stories by different creative teams featuring a different team-up of an Avenger and a X-Man.
Publication history.
The series was launched as a followup to the 2012 event "Avengers Vs. X-Men" and its spinoff title, "AVX: VS". According to X-Men editor Nick Lowe, "Because "AvX Versus" did so well, and we enjoyed doing it so much and the fans embraced it so much, we wanted to keep that kind of thing going. With "Versus" there are two 10-page stories per issue. The top talent telling the story, with the best characters that Marvel has to offer. "A+X" is going to follow up with that, and we're going to have an Avenger and an X-Man on each team." The series came to an end with issue #18 in March 2014.
External links.
"A+X" at Marvel.com

</doc>
<doc id="36774009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774009" title="Apostles from Àger">
Apostles from Àger

The Apostles from Àger is a painting exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
Description.
The church of Sant Pere in Àger, founded by Arnau Mir of Tost, who conquered the valley of Àger from the Saracens, was the see of a regular canonry exempt from ordinary jurisdictions (in other words, it did not depend on the Bishop of Urgell), with enormous estates from the donations by the founder and his descendants. In keeping with its importance, the church, now in ruins, was very monumental.
Of the paintings that once decorated it, only scattered fragments remain of the main and southern apses, of which the most outstanding and complete is that of the two apostles, Thaddeus and James, from the first arcosolium in the central apse. The
two monumental apostles of Àger are presented in a face-on, hieratic position, with scrolls or volumes in their hands, which they are holding in alternating positions, at the same time as the colour of their nimbuses and their clothing also differs.
The beardless one on the left is Thaddeus and the one on the right, with a beard, is James, as the inscriptions indicate. The pictorial style belongs to the Lombardicinfluenced Pedret Circle and shows a close relationship with that in the paintings
in the cathedral of Saint-Lizier in Couserans (in situ, France).
As in Saint-Lizier, in each of the niches in the apse of Sant Pere in Àger there must have been a pair of apostles. All together they must have made up the Apostolic College, whose representation was fully meaningful in Augustinian chapter houses like that of Àger, who, in keeping with the Gregorian reform, wanted to strengthen the independence of the Church as an institution in the face of secular power.

</doc>
<doc id="36774049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774049" title="Ali Al-Badwawi">
Ali Al-Badwawi

Ali Hamad Madhad Saif Al Badwawi (born 22 December 1972) is an Emirati football referee.
Al-Badwawi became a FIFA referee in 2005. He was a referee at the 2007 and 2011 AFC Asian Cup, as well as the AFC Champions League. In international competitions, he has officiated at the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup and qualifiers for the 2010 and 2014 World Cups.
In March 2013, FIFA named Al-Badwawi to a list of 52 candidate referees for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. On 2 April 2013, he sent off Anawin Jujeen in AFC Champions League game between Jiangsu Sainty and Buriram United.

</doc>
<doc id="36774086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774086" title="Baldachin from Tost">
Baldachin from Tost

The Baldachin from Tost is a painted baldaccin exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
Description.
The panel of the Baldachin from Tost, which covered the altar to give it more importance, corresponds to the type of liturgical furnishing that was attached by beams to the apse wall.
Another type of Romanesque Baldaccin is the one that has the form of a shrine, which could also be of wood, like the one from Toses, or else stone, like the one that used to be at the monastery
of Ripoll and of which the finely carved bases have been preserved.
The Tost panel has a representation of the Lord in Majesty, with a crucifer halo and enthroned in the mandorla, which at one time must have been golden, with the book in his left hand with a Biblical citation, "EGO SVM LUX MVNDI", which proclaims
him as the light of the world. With his right hand, he makes the sign of blessing.
Around him are the four symbols of the Evangelists or the Tetramorph, each of which, instead of the book of the Gospel of earlier examples, has a sign or phylactery with his name. On John’s eagle and Luke’s bull can be observed, in particular, the
subordination of the figure to its frame—that is, to the available space, even when this involves strange or unnatural distortion of the forms. Here, the way the configuration of these two symbols is dealt with is especially noteworthy. In addition, the pictorial style shows some figurative features of a more naturalistic type, such as the figure and face of Matthew’s angel, which comes closer to the new spirit of Gothic. This convergence of the resources of two pictorial languages shows the artistic influences and tensions of a time of change. As regards the colours, recent restoration has made
it possible to recover the original very bright blue and red.

</doc>
<doc id="36774109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774109" title="Regional Institute of Education, Bhubaneswar">
Regional Institute of Education, Bhubaneswar

Regional Institute of Education, Bhubaneswar a constituent unit of National Council of Educational Research and TrainingNew Delhi, caters to the educational needs of teachers of Estern Indian region. It provides academic and techenical support to the state of Odisha, West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim, Manipur, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Tripura, Nagaland and Andaman and Nicobar Islands.The institute act as regional resource centre in all areas of education, especially school education. UNESCO Bangkok has declared Regional Institute of Education, Bhubaneswar as a resource centre for ICT.
Departments.
Demonstration Multipurpose School.
The Demonstration Multipurpose School is an integral part of Regional Institute of Education, Bhubaneswar and act as a laboratory for trying out innovative practices in school education and teacher education. The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi. It imparts education from classes 1 to 12 in English medium.
Library.
The Institute Library has more than 70,000 documents, which includes about 59,000 books, 1000 Bound volumes of Periodicals,300 Reports, 580 Dissertations, 100 Maps. It subscribes around 77 Indian and foreign journals and 16 daily newspapers every year. An average of 550 new books are being added to the library in each year.
Hostel.
Presently The Institute have hostel.
ashutosh hostel(for boys)

</doc>
<doc id="36774191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774191" title="2012 North Wales Crusaders season">
2012 North Wales Crusaders season

This article details the North Wales Crusaders Rugby League Football Club's 2012 season. This is the clubs first ever season after reforming following the former Super League club Crusaders Rugby League folding.
The club was founded in late 2011 and officially joined Championship 1, the third tier of rugby league in the United Kingdom, on 11 October 2011. Their name, which continues the Crusaders branding, was selected in a fan contest. Clive Griffiths was confirmed as North Wales Crusaders Head Coach on 23 November and started his search for players. 
The club held open trials for any new players to attend, as well as scouring the local amateur game and signing players from Super League academies.
Stats.
For all stats, 
Appearances.
As of 2/9/12 
Points.
As of 2/9/12 
Tries.
As of 2/9/12 
Goals.
As of 2/9/12 
All players.
List of players with appearance number. If two players made their debut during the same game shirt numbers will decide which player comes first.
Last updated on 2 September 2012.
2012 Squad.
Provisional squad.
As part of the 'Operational Guidelines' set out by the Rugby Football League, North Wales Crusaders were instructed to submit a provisional squad of 30 players for Championship 1 2012. Due to the club recruiting players they weren't in a position to do so.
Crusaders decided to let supporters apply to become part of the provisional squad whilst they continued to sign players.
End of season awards.
Awards were presented at the end of season dinner.
Try of the Year.
Nominations for 'Try of the year' were on the Official website after the final game.
Smash of the Year.
Nominations for 'Smash of the year' were on the Official website after the final game.
Coaches player of the Year.
Voted for by coaching staff.
Fans player of the Year.
Voted for on the official website
Players player of the Year.
Voted for by the playing staff
Supporters club Player of the Year.
Voted for by members of the Crusaders Rugby League Supporters Club.

</doc>
<doc id="36774202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774202" title="Irma Achten">
Irma Achten

Irma Achten (born 1956, Haarlem, Netherlands) is a Dutch film maker and writer.
Biography.
Achten studied German and attended Drama School in Amsterdam. She received a 5-year award from the Nederlands Stimuleringsfonds for film in order to write scenarios. These resulted in several short movies, and three features she directed, were produced by Kasander Films.
Her films include "Und Morgen wird die Sonne wieder scheinen", "Canzonetta", "Belle", and "Marie Antoinette is niet dood" (nominated for the Tiger Award and winner of the Audience Award at the Riga Film Festival) and "Babs", starring the comedian Brigitte Kaandorp.
Achten's song "Was hast du mit meinem Herz getan" from the movie "Marie Antoinette is niet dood", has become the cult outro for the German heavy metal band, Rammstein.
Achten also wrote the libretti for the operas "God's Videotheek", and "The Grief of Gravity", and scenarios for the opera films "Samson et Dalila", "Donna Giovanna" and "Rigoletto".

</doc>
<doc id="36774222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774222" title="Virgin from Ger">
Virgin from Ger

The Virgin from Ger is a sculpture exhibited at the National Art Museum of Catalonia in Barcelona.
Description.
Carved images in wood were one of the basic elements of a Romanesque church and were located mainly around the altar. They were placed in prominent positions, but could also be used as reliquaries and sometimes took part in certain liturgical events such as processions.
The Virgin from Ger is one of the most important examples of wood carving from the twelfth century in Catalonia, on account of the type it represents as well as its brilliant technique. To these features must be added its good state of general preservation. Iconographically, it corresponds to the concept of Mary as the Sedes Sapientiae—that is, the seat of wisdom—and symbolises the Church. This is why the figure of the Child appears front-on and rigid, without any sign relating Him to Mary. It is worth pointing out the softness of Mary’s facial features and of the folds of the clothing.
From early twentieth-century photographs we know that this image was retouched and adapted for a new concept of the subject. The Child was moved and placed on Mary’s left knee. This fact is of great interest as it reminds us that some of these works were used outside the period when they were first created and were adapted to the new demands of religious worship and thought.

</doc>
<doc id="36774248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774248" title="Orissa Power Generation Corporation">
Orissa Power Generation Corporation

Odisha Power Generation Corporation Limited (OPGC) is the only thermal power generating company owned by Government of Orissa. It was incorporated under the Companies Act 1956 on 14th of November, 1984. OPGC started as a solely owned Government Company of the state of Orissa. It owns and operates 2 units of 210 MW power plant at Ib Thermal Power Station (ITPS), Banharpali in Jharsuguda District of Odisha.
During 1990, OPGC started construction of 7 Mini Hydel Projects in different locations of Orissa for generation of pollution free power by utilizing canal falls to meet the increasing demand of power with the major funding from MNES and IREDA. The details are as follows:
Share holding pattern.
Share holding pattern of OPGC are as follows
OPGC Expansion Project.
OPGC’s expansion project consists of addition of 2x660 MW (1320 MW) to existing Ib Thermal Power Station. Captive coal mine and dedicated railway line for transportation of coal, are in advanced stage of development. All clearances for the power plant have been obtained. Contract has been awarded to M/s BHEL for supply of Main Plant and to M/s BGRE for Balance of Plant. Civil work at site has been successfully commenced.
50% of power to be generated from the proposed capacity addition has been tied up with GRIDCO under a long term power purchase agreement. Financing agreement executed with PFC and REC for financing of 75% debt. Two captive coal mines (namely Manoharpur and Dip-side of Manoharpur) allocated to OPGC are in advanced stage of development, along with the dedicated railway line (MGR) of 47 km for transporting the coal from the mine to the power plant. Land acquisition process for railway line and coal mine have been significantly advanced and the Stage-1 clearance has been obtained from Ministry of Environment and Forest, Government of India for Forest Diversion for coal mine and MGR alignment.
The power plant will depend on coal from its captive mine and associated railway line for transportation, for commissioning and operation thereafter. Based on the anticipated receipt of forest and environment clearance from MoEF, progress on land acquisition for both coal mine and railway line, and sanction of tapered linkage from Ministry of Coal, GoI, the project is expected to be commissioned in the 12th Five Year Plan.
In addition to Units 3&4, based on the coal reserves available from the captive mines, OPGC is in a position to pursue Units 5&6 of 2x660 MW (1320 MW) at the same location, which is proposed to be pursued after award for commencement of construction is placed for units 3&4.
OPGC is also exploring allocation of another captive coal block in Talcher area under Govt. dispensation route, in order to support capacity addition of 2x660 MW in that area.

</doc>
<doc id="36774279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774279" title="Muro di Sormano">
Muro di Sormano

The Muro di Sormano () is a hill located in Sormano, Italy. This climb is famous as one of the most severe of any road cycling race, with an average gradient of 17% and a maximum of 25%. The road up the climb, though famous in cycling folklore, fell out of use from 1963 to 2006. After pressure from local cyclists it was restored, and now features split-times and soundbites from the riders of the climb in the 1960s era stencilled on the road. The current record time for the short but painful climb is 7 minutes 36 seconds, achieved by local rider Matteo Cappè.
Giro di Lombardia.
The Muro is famously associated with the Giro di Lombardia, a one-day race which featured the climb three times from 1960−1962. However, after complaints that the climb was so steep that riders were either falling off or being pushed up by fans, the climb was taken off the route. The rider Ercole Baldini dominated the climb during this period, although he later admitted that he was "ashamed to hold the record" because of this.
After its restoration, the climb returned to the route during the 2012 edition, about 80 km from the finish of the race and before the less brutal and better known Madonna del Ghisallo climb. French rider Romain Bardet (Ag2r-La Mondiale) was the leader at the summit, although the eventual winner of the race was the Spaniard Joaquim Rodriguez.

</doc>
<doc id="36774337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774337" title="Tommy Mollet">
Tommy Mollet

Tommy Mollet (born 29 March 1979 in Tilburg) is a Dutch taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the 80 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; after defeating Abdelrahman Ahmed in the preliminary round, he was eliminated by Arman Yeremyan in the quarterfinal.

</doc>
<doc id="36774367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774367" title="International student short-film festival of Cergy-Pontoise">
International student short-film festival of Cergy-Pontoise

The International student short-film festival of Cergy-Pontoise was created on 1991 in Cergy, France by Ramuntxo Garbisu. Each year the festival takes place in Utopia (Pontoise). The selection is carried out by members of the association (students from ENSEA but the classification is done by a professional jury. 
This festival is reserved for students

</doc>
<doc id="36774373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774373" title="1964 in British music">
1964 in British music

This is a summary of 1964 in music in the United Kingdom, including the official charts from that year.

</doc>
<doc id="36774379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774379" title="Mickleson syndrome">
Mickleson syndrome

Mickleson syndrome is a very rare congenital condition that is characterized by mental retardation and facial or skull anomalies. It was first described by K.N. Mickleson in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36774386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774386" title="Lunularic acid">
Lunularic acid

Lunularic acid is a dihydrostilbenoid found in the liverwort "Lunularia cruciata" and in the roots of "Hydrangea macrophylla".
A lunularic acid decarboxylase has been detected from the liverwort "Conocephalum conicum".

</doc>
<doc id="36774407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774407" title="Abdelrahman Ossama">
Abdelrahman Ossama

Abdelrahman Ossama Ahmed (born 7 October 1988 in Cairo) is an Egyptian taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the 80 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the preliminary round by Tommy Mollet.

</doc>
<doc id="36774454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774454" title="Farkhod Negmatov">
Farkhod Negmatov

Farkhod Negmatov (born 22 November 1989 in Vahdat) is a Tajikistani taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the 80 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the preliminary round by Lutalo Muhammad.

</doc>
<doc id="36774461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774461" title="Huťka">
Huťka

Huťka is a Czech family name. In Slovakia the name is Hutka.

</doc>
<doc id="36774529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774529" title="The Small Hand">
The Small Hand

The Small Hand: A Ghost Story, is a novel by English author Susan Hill, first published in 2010 by Profile Books.
Plot introduction.
On returning from a visit to a client, antiquarian book dealer Adam Snow takes a wrong turn and comes across a derelict Edwardian House. Overcome by curiosity he approaches the entrance and feels a small cold hand creeping into his own 'as if a child had taken hold of it'. Over the coming weeks he becomes subject to nightmares and panic attacks and further visits from the small hand. He vows to learn more about the house and its overgrown garden...
Reception.
Reviews were mixed :

</doc>
<doc id="36774535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774535" title="Mitja Brodar">
Mitja Brodar

Mitja Brodar (1921–16 February 2012) was a Slovenian archaeologist. He was a son of Srečko Brodar, a pioneer of the study of the Paleolithic period in Slovenia.
Life.
He was born in 1921 in Celje where his father was at the time teaching science at the Grammar school in Celje.
During Italian occupation of Ljubljana in WW2 he was sent to the Italian concentration camp Rab.
Work.
Brodar studied at the University of Ljubljana civil engineering, geology, and paleontology. Between 1954 and 1956 and in 1960 he was excavating Mokrica Cave (). He received PhD in 1959 with a thesis on those excavations. Betal Rock Shelter () is another site he was excavating.
He helped establish and was during the 1970s president of the Slovene archaeological association. Together with his father he wrote a book on Potok Cave () excavations.
According to him, the Divje Babe flute is a product of Cro-Magnon, modern human, and not Neanderthal.

</doc>
<doc id="36774544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774544" title="Issam Chernoubi">
Issam Chernoubi

Issam Chernoubi (born 17 December 1987 in Sale Tabriquet) is a Moroccan taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the 80 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the preliminary round by Nesar Ahmad Bahave.

</doc>
<doc id="36774577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774577" title="Robert Ridgway Award">
Robert Ridgway Award

The ABA Robert Ridgway Award for Publications in Field Ornithology is an award given by the American Birding Association to an individual who has made significant contributions to the field ornithology literature in the areas of North American bird distribution and field identification. The award may honor a writer or an artist. 
One of five awards presented by the ABA for contributions to ornithology, the award is named in honor of Robert Ridgway, initiator of a monumental work of bird systematics, as well as one of the first color nomenclature systems for bird identification.
The award was first bestowed on Harold Mayfield.
List of recipients.
Since the award's inception in 2002, there have been seven recipients. 

</doc>
<doc id="36774589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774589" title="Anna Sibylle of Hanau-Lichtenberg">
Anna Sibylle of Hanau-Lichtenberg

Countess Anna Sibylle of Hanau-Lichtenberg (16 May 1542 in Lichtenberg – 5 January 1580) was the eldest surviving daughter of Count Philip IV (20 May 1512 – 19 February 1590) and his wife, Countess Eleonore of Fürstenberg (11 October 1523 – 26 April 1544).
Marriage and issue.
Anna Sibylle married on 12 October 1562 to Louis of Fleckenstein-Dagstuhl (1542-1577). They had a son: Philip Wolfgang of Fleckenstein-Dagstuhl (d. 1618).
Anna Sibylle of Hanau-Lichtenberg

</doc>
<doc id="36774602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774602" title="Bourda Cemetery, Guyana">
Bourda Cemetery, Guyana

Bourda Cemetery is an eighteenth-century cemetery situated on Bourda Street in Georgetown, Guyana. Formerly known as "Bourda's Walk", Bourda cemetery is the oldest cemetery in Georgetown, and the only surviving plantation cemetery in the city. It is considered a national landmark and has been listed as a national monument by the National Trust of Guyana.
History.
Boarda cemetery was originally constructed as a part of Plantation Vlissengen, which was owned by Joseph Bourda (d. 1798) - a Dutch colonist who was twice governor of Demerara (then a Dutch colony). When Bourda's son (and principal heir) disappeared at sea, the government of British Guiana entered into an agreement with his remaining heirs to take over the plantation, which included the wards of Bourda, New Town, Queenstown, and Robbstown. The agreement - called the Vlissengen Ordinance of 1876 - entrusted the government with custodial duties to maintain Bourda cemetery.
Bourda Cemetery has repeatedly come under threat of demolition or relocation from Mayors and City Councils of Georgetown. In 1960 H. R. Persaud and the Historical Society organised a campaign to save the cemetery after the local government when it first came under threat. In 1992, the local government proposed the relocation of the cemetery in order to make way for a road to run through its present site. Shortly before works were about to start, however, the Guyana Heritage Society obtained a legal injunction preventing the Mayor and the City Council from constructing a road through the cemetery grounds. Proposals for demolition or re-location have been made by different administrations in 1960, 1982, 1992, 1995, 1996, 1999, 2001, 2004 and 2011.
Burials.
Many prominent people from the Guyana's colonial era are buried in Bourda cemetery, including William Booker, John Croal (the first Mayor of Georgetown), John Patoir and Peter Rose.

</doc>
<doc id="36774610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774610" title="Alex Mallari">
Alex Mallari

Alex Mallari (born March 26, 1987) is a Filipino basketball player who plays for the San Mig Coffee Mixers in PBA. He was selected 3rd overall in the 2012 PBA Draft by Petron Blaze Boosters.
After his first conference, Mallari was traded from the Petron Blaze Boosters to the San Mig Coffee Mixers as part of a 5 team, 10 player trade that also involved the Alaska Aces, Barako Bull Energy Cola and Barangay Ginebra San Miguel.
PBA career statistics.
"Correct as of October 27, 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="36774624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774624" title="Arachnospila minutula">
Arachnospila minutula

Arachnospila minutula is a spider wasp that lives in parts of the Palaearctic.

</doc>
<doc id="36774632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774632" title="Loskutnaya">
Loskutnaya

The Loskutnaya Hotel (Лоскутная) is a former hotel in Moscow, Russia. The hotel, built in the 19th Century, was located on Tverskoy Boulevard, near the Historical Museum and Iverskaia Gate. Geir Kjetsaa, author of "Fyodor Dostoyevsky: A Writer's Life", said that the hotel was "one of the best hotels in town." Leonid Andreev and Petr Dmitrievich Boborykin often stayed at the hotel. A group of people with Anton Chekhov also stayed at Loskutnaya. It was later renamed to the Red Fleet Hostel, and many students and younger members of the Communist Party of Russia stayed at the hotel. During Communist rule, some rooms were reserved for Naval College members and sailor delegates.

</doc>
<doc id="36774633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774633" title="355th Reconnaissance Aviation Squadron">
355th Reconnaissance Aviation Squadron

The 355th Reconnaissance Aviation Squadron ("Serbo-Croatian: 355. izviđačka avijacijska eskadrila / 355. извиђачка авијацијска ескадрила") was an aviation squadron of Yugoslav Air Force established on June 20, 1958 as 16th Reconnaissance Squadron of Anti-Aircraft Artillery ("Serbo-Croatian: 16. izviđačka eskadrila protivavionske avijacije/ 16. извиђачка ескадрила противавионске авијације").
History.
Squadron was formed as reconnaissance, but its main role was pulling of aerial targets for the training of School Center of Anti-Aircraft Artillery at Zadar. It was equipped with British-made de Havilland Mosquito aircraft. By 1962 it was reequipped with US-made Lockheed TV-2 Shooting Star jet-trainer aircraft equipped for aerial reconnaissance.
Squadron was renumbered by order from May 12, 1964 in to 355th Reconnaissance Aviation Squadron, being an independent squadron for short time. In 1965 it was assigned to 172nd Fighter-Bomber Aviation Regiment.
It was disbanded in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="36774645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774645" title="Anamika Saha">
Anamika Saha

Anamika Saha is a Bengali film actress.
Early life.
Saha was born in Jessore, Bangladesh. Her real name is Usha. At the time of becoming film actress she took the name "Anamika" (meaning "anonymous", feminine). In 1971 Saha passed Higher Secondary examination from Deshbandhu Balika Vidyalaya and got admitted to Scottish Church College, Kolkata. In 1973 when she was studying in college she got her first chance to act in a film "Ashar Alo" directed by Sunil Bandopadhay. Het first major success in film industry was Tarun Majumdar’s "Sansar Simante" which was released in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="36774647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774647" title="Basodee">
Basodee

Basodee: An Anthology Dedicated to Black Youth (2012), edited by Fiona Raye Clarke, is a youth-created and youth-centred anthology created by a Black writing collective in honour of Black History Month, and authentic diversity in Canada. It highlights the Black Canadian experience and to promote awareness about the complexities of contemporary Black youth experience in Ontario.
The book consists of a foreword by the President of the Ontario Black History Society, Rosemary Sadlier, OOnt and work by various youth on issues of identity, belonging, and Canadian Black History.
The anthology was created in partnership with the Office of the Provincial Advocate of Children and Youth in Ontario a commission of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario which puts youth at its centre and uses rights to improve the lives and conditions of youth in systems of care in Ontario. The anthology was started in January 2012 and was published by General Store Publishing House in July 2012.
The title "Basodee" comes from the Trinidadian creole word of the same name meaning "half-conscious" and "disoriented." The term was chosen as the title of the book to express the confusion and identity crisis of Black Canadian youth.
The book consists of photography, essays, short stories and poetry by 13 youth expressing what it is to be young, Black and Canadian. Many are immigrants to the country or first-generation Canadians. Some have had experience with the mental health or criminal justice system and some are in care. Each shares their personal stories and views on what it means to be Black and Canadian today.
Context.
"Basodee" makes its debut at a time when concern about escalating gun violence in the City of Toronto such as the shooting at the Toronto Eaton Centre on June 2, 2012 and in Scarborough on July 16, 2012 has resulted in statements by Toronto Mayor Rob Ford that he wishes to force individuals convicted of a gun charge out of the city and more money from the province during a ‘gun summit’ for “anti-crime” initiatives such as the Toronto Anti-Violence Intervention Strategy (TAVIS) which places increased police presence in priority neighbourhoods.
In response to the July 16 shooting, the Toronto Star published a cartoon by Michael de Adder cartoon depicting a little black girl's alleged "expected" injuries before the age of two -"boo boo from highchair, mark from tricycle, and head laceration from a medium-caliber bullet." After numerous complaints the Star apologized for the cartoon’s insensitivity to the complex issues at play in gun violence. It is media sanctioned expressions of negative stereotypes like these that "Basodee" tries to fight, using the voices of many of the youth these stereotypes and top-down solutions attempt to silence.
When many expressions of a voice other than the mainstream Canadian voice are being squelched and co-opted, such as "Sway Magazine" or Caribana due to economic considerations and a clear climate of devaluation of diversity, the Basodee collective comes together to bring true diversity back to the Canadian cultural milieu and show youth commitment to celebrations such as Black History Month, which are often seen as outdated and unnecessary in a post-racial “multicultural” society such as Toronto. Michael de Adder and Rob Ford’s comments and many of the pieces in "Basodee", however, prove that Toronto is very much a race conscious city and is no where near embracing multiculturalism as many have been publicly threatened by the chief city official with exile.
Major themes.
Some of the major themes in "Basodee" include identity, struggle and belonging. The book argues that part of the “basodeeness” of Black youth stems from “mis-education” about their history. The term “mis-education” is borrowed from Carter G. Woodson’s book The Mis-Education of the Negro. "Basodee" contains essays outlining the history of discrimination in the Canadian education system against Blacks and the present struggle for solutions to this ongoing discrimination such as the establishment of the Africentric Alternative School.
The book also contains an essay tracing a history of Canadian human rights abuses against Blacks extending into the present day. "Basodee" argues that this history which is seldom spoken about form a major part of Black youth’s basodeness. When many Black youth feel that dropping out of school and turning to a life of crime are the only way to protect themselves from discrimination and secure against mainstream attempts to erode their identity.
Given this real struggle of Black youth to safeguard their identity, the main thesis of "Basodee" is that Black youth in Canada have not been given a place of belonging in Canadian society, despite being here for generations and even since the time of slavery. Thus, the book presents examples from its contributors of how to find that identity – such as remembering where you came from, the struggles you have gone through, and undergoing negrescence.
Purpose.
The collective hopes that "Basodee" will one day become a resource to Black youth struggling to find themselves in the midst of media stereotypes, threats of exile, and stigmatization. In partnering with the Office of the Provincial Advocate for Children and Youth, the collective hopes to get the book in the hands of youth in the system who need the ideas it explores the most – Crown wards, youth in detention centres, and youth in care. The collective is currently looking for more organizations that work with Black youth as part of their mandate to share the book and also partner with in the future.
See also.
Black Canadians

</doc>
<doc id="36774649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774649" title="2012 BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award">
2012 BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award

The 2012 BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award, presented on 16 December, was the 59th presentation of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award. Awarded annually by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), the main titular award honours an individual's British sporting achievement over the past year, with the winner selected by public vote from a 12-person shortlist.
The winner of the 2012 award was Bradley Wiggins, the Tour de France and Olympic time trial champion. The awards ceremony was hosted at ExCeL London, which had been a venue for several sports during the 2012 Olympics and Paralympics.
Basis of nominations.
Prior to 2012, a panel of thirty sports journalists each submit a list of ten contenders. From these contenders a shortlist of ten nominees is determined—currently, in the event of a tie at the end of the nomination process, a panel of six former award winners determined the nominee by a Borda count. The shortlist was announced at the beginning of December, and the winner was determined on the night of the ceremony by a public telephone vote.
In 2011 the shortlist produced only contained male competitors, which caused media uproar. The selection process for contenders was changed for the 2012 (and future) awards as follows:
The BBC introduced an expert panel who were asked to devise a shortlist that reflected UK sporting achievements on the national and/or international stage, represented the breadth and depth of UK sports and took into account "impact" within and beyond the sport or sporting achievement in question.
The 2012 panel comprised:
The panel would endeavour to produce a shortlist based on reaching a consensus view. If a consensus view cannot be reached on all or some of the candidates, then they will be asked to vote for the remaining candidates.
In 2012, following the success of the London 2012 Olympic Games, the SPOTY shortlist was expanded to 12 contenders.
Nominees.
The nominees for the 2012 award, as described by the BBC, and their share of the votes cast were as follows:
Voting process.
The winner was decided by a public vote on the night of the awards ceremony. Unlike past years the voting opened after every contender has shown a video of them achieving in their sport, not at the beginning of the show.
Other awards.
In addition to the main award as "Sports Personality of the Year", several other awards were also announced:

</doc>
<doc id="36774651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774651" title="G. cruciata">
G. cruciata

G. cruciata may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36774652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774652" title="Cruciata">
Cruciata

Cruciata is a genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family. It is found in Europe, northern Africa, and across southern and central Asia from Turkey to the western Himalaya and north to the Altay region of Siberia.

</doc>
<doc id="36774653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774653" title="Cruciata (disambiguation)">
Cruciata (disambiguation)

Cruciata, a Latin adjective meaning crucified, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36774669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774669" title="Camela">
Camela

Camela is a Spanish musical group, creators and style precursors baptized in the 90s as techno-rumba. Its components are Dionisio Martin Lobato (singer-songwriter) and María de los Ángeles Muñoz Dueñas (singer-songwriter) and until February 2013, Miguel Angel Jimenez Cabrera (keyboards, composer), all of them are from the Madrid neighborhood of San Cristobal de LA. This training is a landmark in the Spanish music, for without the acceptance of criticism and support of the media, became one of the groups of vendors lately, creating a musical and social phenomenon in its path. Camela are the second best selling in Spain in the last 20 years, only surpassed by La Oreja de Van Gogh, exceeding 7 million copies sold their entire discography.

</doc>
<doc id="36774683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774683" title="MadBid">
MadBid

MadBid is a gamified e-commerce and online auction website registered under Marcandi Ltd. in the United Kingdom. Founded in 2008 by Juha Koski and Daniel Rovira, the company operates in nine European countries including the UK, Ireland, Spain and France.
Skype founders' venture capital firm Atomico in 2010 invested over £4 million ($6 million) in funding for MadBid.
Mechanics.
MadBid’s core business model began as a penny auction and the company has since added additional e-commerce features including a "Buy Now" option to purchase products outright, as well as an "Earned Discount" feature that allows consumers to apply the cumulative value of bids that they have paid for and used but not win, towards a discount for products. Most "Buy Now" auctions on MadBid have a price comparison tab so that shoppers can compare against selected online retailers.
Bidding.
The pay-to-bid auction process employed by MadBid is based on users buying "credits" which allow them to place bids in an auction. Users must purchase these credits before participating. Credits are sold in different bulk amounts and cost an average of 10p-12.5p. Each auction also varies in the amount of credits needed to participate; smaller auctions require two credits for every bid placed, while larger and more popular auctions can use up to eight credits.
Every bid placed resets the auction timer. The auction closes when time runs out with no further bids resetting it, and the last bid wins the right to buy the item for the final auction price plus any postage and packing costs. The final auction price is incremented by 1p for every bid placed during the auction.
The net result is those who did not win paid for a number of bids and receive nothing, the winning bidder has paid for their bids and will still need to pay the final auction price plus p&p. In one example for a television with an RRP of £450, which cost four credits per bid, the winner spent £217.60 on bids plus the winning price and P&P, all other bidders paid and did not win the item, the highest of those paying £211.60, the other bidders paid much smaller amounts. In total Madbid received £612 for the item.
Awards.
"The Guardian" included MadBid as part of their 2010 "Tech Media Invest 100 List". The company was a finalist for the 2011 eCommerce Expo's "Site Innovation Award", and in 2012 they were finalists for the "Red Herring" 100 Europe Award, in the Entertainment & Media section. Later that year, the company was nominated for the "Small Online Business of the Year Award" at the Orange National Business Awards. "The Sunday Times" also listed MadBid 41st in the 2012 Tech Track 100 league table.
Business.
MadBid was founded as a bootstrapped startup by Juha Koski and Daniel Rovira during 2008. After growth fueled by a 2009 seed round, the partners in 2010 raised £4 million equity financing in a Series A venture round from Skype and Kazaa founders' venture capital fund Atomico; the funding was aimed towards a Europe-wide roll out of services.
MadBid is focusing on growth in the new markets of Ireland, Germany, Italy, Spain, Turkey, and Canada.
Profitability.
MadBid's sales grew 71% a year, from £1.5 million in 2009 to £7.5 million in 2012, and the company reported a 2011 turnover of around £15 million.
The site had over three million registered users and a million weekly unique user page views in 2012, up from 1.6 million users in 2011. MadBid also saw a 219% click volume increase from its 2010 volume of 60,000–70,000.
The final closing price is usually lower than the product's recommended retail price. MadBid earns a profit if the revenue from bids placed and the final price are greater than cost price plus operating costs. As MadBid can earn up to around £1.00 for every pence in price increase, an auction that reaches £10 could earn the company close to £1000. In 2010 MadBid reported that they profit on only 30% of sales, but that those profits exceed any losses on the remaining 70%, current figures are unreported.
Criticism.
Mark D. Griffiths, professor of gambling studies at Nottingham Trent University, has repeatedly called for more regulation of sites like MadBid, but the UK's Gambling Commission has stated that it does not believe that such sites involve gambling, and while the Office of Fair Trading has worked against other sites which utilise automatic bidding against customers, it says it has nothing to add to the work already done.

</doc>
<doc id="36774697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774697" title="Kolej Sinar">
Kolej Sinar

Sinar College is located at 55 A,B & 57 A,B, Jalan Melaka Raya 21, Taman Melaka Raya, 75000, Melaka. It is the only independent private higher education institution in Melaka besides Stamford College. It occupies the whole corner lot of a large 3 storeys of shopping complex near famous historical site A.Famosa and state landmark Taming Sari Tower at Melaka Raya.
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants(ACCA) is the largest professional accounting body in the UK with members in over 170 countries worldwide. Membership of the Association can only be achieved by examination and relevant practical experience. Sinar College is also examination centre for Association of Chartered Certified Accountants(ACCA)in the state of Melaka.
In 2010, the institution had been awarded Gold Status as a learning partner by the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants(ACCA).
Malaysian Skills Certificate.
Sinar College was registered as one of the accredited training center under Skill Development Department (Jabatan Pembangunan Kemahiran), an agency under Ministry of Human Resource (Malaysia) on 26 October 2010. This accreditation allows the college to conduct training courses which award trainees with Malaysian Skill Certificate (Sijil Kemahiran Malaysia).
Tourist Guide Course.
Kolej Sinar is the only institution in the state of Melaka that offers full range of tourism courses, from Tourist Guide Course (SKM Level 3) to licensing courses for travel agencies, Travel and Tour Enhancement Course (TTEC), as well as Travel and Tour Management Course (TTMC). For TTEC and TTMC, Kolej Sinar, as a leading member of Association of Tourism Training Institutes of Malaysia (ATTIM), is the training center for whole southern region that include Melaka, Negeri Sembilan, and Johor.
Kolej Sinar is the only training institute in Melaka that consistently offers Tourist Guide Course. Upon completion, graduates obtain certificate from Kementerian Pelancongan (to apply license as Tourist Guide), Mesra Certificate, and Sijil Kemahiran Malaysia Level 3. Kolej Sinar is approved training center under Jabatan Pembangunan Kemahiran of Kementerian Sumber Manusia. It is also approved center for applying students loan from Perbadanan Tabung Pembangunan Kemahiran. 
Malaysian Qualification Agency.
Sinar College also conforms with requirement under Malaysian Qualifications Agency (MQA) for its professional courses such as Foundation in Accountancy and Association of Chartered Certified Accountants as well as for Diploma courses such as Diploma in Accounting and Diploma in Business Administration as well as collaboration Executive Diploma with University of Malaya.
Diploma in Accounting and Diploma in Business Administration.
Kolej Sinar offers own Diploma in Accounting programme which is accredited by Malaysian Qualifications Agency (MQA). The full time course is divided into 4 long semesters and 2 short semesters which covers approximately 2 and a half years of study. The total fee for the programme is arguably the lowest among Diploma level programme of private higher institutions in Malaysia. Kolej Sinar also offers Diploma in Business Administration at the same fee.
Accommodation.
Initially, Sinar College only offers courses to nearby residents. As it grows bigger and add more courses into its faculties, students register from whole state of Melaka and some from neighboring states like Johor and Negeri Sembilan. However, nearly all of its students come from various places in Melaka such as Melaka Raya, Bandar Hilir, Bandar Melaka, Tengkera, Ayer Keroh, Durian Tunggal, Alor Gajah district, Jasin district, Batu Berendam, and other areas.
Sinar College is situated at Melaka Raya, a busy place accessible by public transportation. However, most students come by own vehicles. For full time students studying Foundation of Accountancy (FIA) course, they usually come and are fetched home by parents, although some come by buses or own cars. For part time students who come to classes at night and weekends, namely ACCA Professional Stage students and University of Malaya's Centre for Continuing Education (UMCCed), they are working adults who own vehicles.
Sinar College besides the college building, also own some properties within area such as apartments. Some students stay in the apartments and come to college on foot.
Job opportunities.
Sinar College boasts direct relationship with prominent audit, accounting, secretarial, and taxation firm which have been deep rooted for decades within local communities. Sinar College students are always placed for practical internship with the firm, while the firm's clients obtain source of employees from Sinar College. In other words, Sinar College has been designed for practical purposes from the beginning besides providing alternative access for part-time education to local communities.
Sinar College, despite its complete facilities, has no full time lecturers. All the courses are taught by part-time lecturers who at the same time are active practitioners in their respective fields, either in own companies or holding positions in influential local industries. Furthermore, Sinar College is also patronized by local Members of Parliament from ruling political party. In other words, Sinar College graduates, with the advantage of marketable ACCA and CAT qualifications, boast far and wide network of job opportunities.
Melaka, the state where Sinar College is operating, is well-known among Malaysian as small state with largest tourists activities. It even bought and locate its premises in the middle of busiest commercial center and famous tourism sites. Besides being fully accredited as tourism training center and offering all course one can get on tourism, Sinar College has been active in running local and national tourism organisation. Like other courses it offers, Tourist Guide Basic Course Level 3 and Travel & Tour Enhancement Course (TTEC) are also taught by part time lecturers who are not only active tourism practitioners, but also have engaged in local tourism industry for a very long time. For those students who enroll in the Tourist Guide Basic Course Level 3 and Travel & Tour Enhancement Course (TTEC) with Sinar College, usually have the opportunity to join into the large network as well.

</doc>
<doc id="36774713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774713" title="Sinclair-Stevenson">
Sinclair-Stevenson

Sinclair-Stevenson Ltd is a British publisher founded in 1989 by Christopher Sinclair-Stevenson.
Christopher Sinclair-Stevenson became an editor at Hamish Hamilton in 1961. Thirteen years later in 1974 he became Managing director, establishing "a close-knit and successful team", he "developed an unrivalled reputation for looking after his authors". Then in 1989 he resigned and set up his own company, Sinclair-Stevenson Ltd, and took a number of staff and authors with him.
Sinclair-Stevenson Ltd was subsumed into the Random House Group in February 1997 with the purchase of the Reed Consumer Trade Division.

</doc>
<doc id="36774719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774719" title="Mantonella">
Mantonella

Mantonella is a genus in the phylum Apicomplexa. 
This genus has been poorly studied and little is known about it. 
The type species is "Mantonella peripati"
History.
This genus was created by Vincent in 1936. It was also recognised by Gousseff also in 1936 who proposed the name (synonym "Yakimovella". The genus name "Mantonella" have been given precedence.
Description.
The oocysts each have one sporocyst. Each sporocyst has four sporozoites.
Notes.
Species from this genus have been described from vertebrates and invertebrates. It seems likely that at least some of the species described are not true species but rather pseudoparasites.

</doc>
<doc id="36774749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774749" title="LNB Pro A Awards">
LNB Pro A Awards

The LNB Pro A Awards are the individual awards of the top-tier men's professional club basketball league in France, the LNB Pro A. Maxi-Basket holds the vote, and calls it the referendum. The distinction of the best coach of the season is awarded by the Coaches' Basketball Union.
Awards (before 1983).
Before 1983, the title of the best player in the league was sometimes assigned by a panel of journalists, but the charts are incomplete.
Awards (since 1983).
Between 1983 and 2005, the monthly Maxi-Basket conducted a vote of the players and coaches of the league. Since 2005, the coaches and captains of the LNB Pro A clubs, and a panel of fifty journalists are asked to vote.
L'Équipe awards (1994-2005).
Between 1994 and 2005, the French newspaper, L'Équipe, also conducted a selection of the best French and foreign players of the league, through a vote of journalists. These awards are also considered official by the Ligue Nationale de Basket (LNB).

</doc>
<doc id="36774753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774753" title="European Union Prize for Cultural Heritage / Europa Nostra Awards">
European Union Prize for Cultural Heritage / Europa Nostra Awards

The European Union Prize for Cultural Heritage / Europa Nostra Awards celebrate excellence in cultural heritage conservation, ranging from the restoration of buildings and their adaptation to new uses, to urban and rural landscape rehabilitation, archaeological site interpretations, and care for art collections. Moreover, it highlights research, dedicated service to heritage conservation by individuals or organisations and education projects related to cultural heritage. The awards are supported by the European Commission in the framework of the Culture Programme. Europa Nostra is in charge of organising the selection and the award ceremony. The awards recognise and promote best practices in heritage conservation on a European level. The award combines the traditional Europa Nostra medals and diplomas, that were started in 1978, with the EU Prize for Cultural Heritage / Europa Nostra Awards, adding some additional influential and monetary awards. The aims of this Awards Scheme are three-fold: to promote high standards in conservation practice, to stimulate trans-boundary exchanges of knowledge and skills, and to encourage further exemplary initiatives in the field of cultural heritage.
Categories.
From 2008 onwards, outstanding heritage achievements in Europe are awarded in the following four categories:
Outstanding achievements must concern one of the following areas:
From 2002 until 2006 there were 3 categories of awards (Prize, Medal and Diploma).
Each year approximately 30 laureates are awarded and usually 6 Grand Prix are chosen. The Grand Prix is a monetary award. Starting from 2012 a Public Choice Award was introduced, allowing the general public to choose their favourite project through an online poll.

</doc>
<doc id="36774810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774810" title="Vista (IIM Bangalore's annual business summit)">
Vista (IIM Bangalore's annual business summit)

Vista, is the annual international business summit hosted by IIM Bangalore. The summit spanning across three days can be defined as the "coming together of academia and industry". The event brings together the leaders of every field, like, marketing, finance, operations, human resources, consulting, social work, etc. and provides a platform for students to enhance knowledge in the field learning from veterans through events, competitions and case studies. The event also incorporates several guest speaker sessions and conclaves from people who have inspired generations of Indians into success.
About IIM Bangalore's Vista.
Vista was hosted for the first time by IIM Bangalore in 2002. It is the oldest business festival hosted by a B-school in South India and the 4th oldest in India behind Manfest (IIM Lucknow), Intaglio (IIM Calcutta) and Confluence (IIM Ahmedabad). An important feature of Vista is its social intervention each year. Through associations with NGOs and through the social events that it holds and promotes, Vista communicates a social message too.
Flagship events at Vista.
Numero Uno.
Numero Uno, one of the flagship events of Vista, is a three-day event which provides participants a platform to put themselves in the shoes of CEOs and face challenging business situations. The event is open to students from select B-schools in India. Participants are tested on their knowledge, expertise and application in various domains like finance, strategy, marketing, operations etc. to be crowned the Numero Uno among the budding leaders of the nation.
Bizarre.
True to its name, Bizarre, an unconventional open quiz, gives an opportunity to the corporates and students alike in the domain of quizzing by cashing in on their business knowledge and fundamentals. Harsha Bhogle, Derek O Brien, Gautam Bhimani, Barry O brien have donned the quiz master’s hat in previous editions of Bizarre.
Excelsior.
Excelsior is an exclusive invite only event where participants use negotiation and strategy in multiple rounds of finance, strategy and marketing to grow their firms and battle it out in the ultimate challenge of the firms.
Street Smart.
Street Smart is an insight into the world of investment bankers and gives the participants a chance to experience mergers, acquisitions and other financial issues. The participants face many challenges in the form of pitching, be it a pitch to buy or a pitch to sell, to bag the title of master negotiator by sealing the ultimate deal.
Finesse.
Finesse is a multi-year simulation game with elements of case analysis spanning the whole life of a private equity investment right from entry, to management, on to exit. The event is a test of the participants' judgement, strategy and risk-taking abilities.
Bzzwings.
Bzzwings, is an open theme B-plan contest is a chance for the participants to fulfil their entrepreneurial dreams. The selected teams for the final round are provided mentoring by Vista’s Knowledge Partners to assist them in their preparations and spruce up their plans before entering the contest. The winning team takes home not only the prize money but also an opportunity of incubation of the plan.
Biztrotter.
Biztrotter is a unique online quizzing event that happens a week before Vista which takes the participants on a virtual tour of more than 40 cities across the world by simply answering questions pertaining to the business and economy of the respective regions. The event has participation of 1500+ from different parts of the world.
Previous editions.
Vista 2012.
The 2012 Vista was modelled on the theme "Challenge Convention, Transform Tomorrow" and was held from 28 to 30 September on the campus. Tata Administrative Services (TAS) continued to be the title sponsor this year, along with being a flagship event sponsor too. The inaugural ceremony was presided over by Dr. Devanath Tirupati, dean- academic, IIM Bangalore. The other dignitaries for the inaugural ceremony were Dr. Devi Shetty, founder, Narayana Hrudayalaya Multi-Specialty Hospital and Mr. Ajoy Chawla, vice president and Global Business Head- Titan. The three day fest saw a multitude of events being conducted including the flagship events. This gave an opportunity to the participants to learn about the many facets of the managerial world. Influential personalities who had challenged social conventions in some form or the other visited the campus to interact with students. Some of the stalwarts on the list were the Indian chess grandmaster, Tania Sachdev, CEO of JP Morgan India Kalpana Morparia, singer Neha Bhasin were a part of the Media Conclave. This marked an apt conclusion to Vista 2012, with the audience being inspired to make a difference by challenging convention, through insight into the lives of these dignitaries.
Vista 2011.
With its theme, "Be the change", Vista 2011 was held from 30 September to 2 October. The title sponsor for this year was the Tata Administrative Services (TAS). The festival was inaugurated through speeches from several stalwarts from the industry, academia and politics. The guest speakers included Mr. J P Narayan, the political leader from Andhra Pradesh, Mr. Bhaskar Bhatt, the managing director of Titan, and Mr. N S Ramaswamy, the founder of IIM Bangalore. Vista 2011 also hosted several celebrities and individuals of opinion who have "been a change", either through their thought or work. Vista served as an interface between these trend setters and trend breakers, and the students of IIM, Bangalore through a Media Conclave where the guests shared their experiences and learnings through life and discussed and debated on the theme "Be the change". The celebrities who visited IIM, Bangalore during Vista, 2011 for the Vista Media Conclave were Ms. Nandita Das, Mr. Narain Kartikeyan and Justice Hegde. Vista 2011 partnered with Wishberry to help support a social cause in sync with the main theme wherein an online contribution to the Vista-NGO Fund could be made and the contribution was used for the benefit of the NGOs namely, Samarthanam, Snehasadan and Seva-In-Action which are supported by IIM Bangalore. Vista 2011 also organized social events like the "Run for change" where the IIM Bangalore student community under the Vista banner and took a lap of the IIM Bangalore campus. The students wore T-shirts and carried banners and through press coverage sang out the message of "Be the change" for the world to hear.
Vista 2010-11.
Vista 2010-11 was held in October. It was an opportunity to discuss India’s metamorphosis from a key regional player to a global player and the challenges and issues faced in the process under the theme "Scripting the future". The fest was a forum for exchange of views on the topic by eminent personalities across all fields. Mr. Arun Shourie, Gul Panag, Mr. M J Akbar, Ms. Shobhaa De were some of the prominent personalities who graced the occasion. The fest had a range of flagship events like Numero Uno, Software Czars, Darwin’s Darling, Optimus covering spread across fields of marketing, social responsibility, strategy etc. Hence, Vista gave an opportunity to the participants to foresee the future and play their part in "Scripting the future".
Vista 2010.
Vista 2010 was held in January. Recognizing the fact that in the 21st century, global warming and climate change were the most compelling problems for the world, Vista 2010, as one of India's premier business fests, decided to go green. The theme for this year was "India at the crossroads". There were a range of events spanning marketing, strategy, finance and social responsibility. Vista also served as a platform for discussion on the theme by prominent personalities like Mani Shankar Aiyar, Meera Sanyal and Rohan Parikh to develop new road maps for encouraging inclusive growth and to find ways in which the corporate sector could catalyse this metamorphosis and help India ease into the right path with everyone on board.
Vista 2008.
‘Emerging economies. Emerging realities’ was the theme of 2008 edition of Vista that explored the beginnings of these economies and their rise to prominence and their struggles. The title sponsor was AT & T along with a host of partners including Tata, ONGC, NTPC etc. The fest saw prominent personalities like Rajat Sharma, Gurcharan Das, Jayanta Roy- Principal Adviser, CII; Manab Majumdar, Senior Director of FICCI; provide their insights on the on emerging economies particularly in the Asian context. Various events held across 3 days like Numero Uno, Retailer, Papyrus etc. were highlights of the fest.
Vista 2007.
Based on the theme of ‘Redefine, ReDiscover, ReFocus and Rebusiness’, Vista 2007 was all about exploring new frontiers of innovation in management, strategy, human resources, finance and marketing. This edition of Vista had the presence of eminent speakers including Arnab Goswami, Editor-in-chief, Times Now; Jehangir S. Pocha, Editor, BusinessWorld; Surendra Jain, MD, Sequoia Capital India; Shankar Narayanan, MD, Carlyle PE India and Sri Rajan, Partner, Bain & Co. T. V. Mohandas Pai, Member of the Board and Head – Administration, Human Resources and Education & Research at Infosys delivered the keynote address at the management conclave
Vista 2006.
Vista 2006 was centered on the theme of ‘Business Beyond Boundaries’ and was held on October 13, 14 and 15th. The fest saw participation from over 100 business schools and universities from all over India and over 6000 online participants. There was a wide range of events including the Keynote Speaker Address, Panel Discussion, Media Conclave, Workshops, Games, Paper Presentations, the Biz-Quiz and many others. Doug Bailie, CEO, Unilever; Brooks Entwistle, CEO, Goldman Sachs; N Ram, editor, The Hindu were some of the key speakers.
Vista 2005.
Vista 2005 was centered on the idea 'India Inc. - Dream, Explore, Discover' and explored to create a road map for the future of Indian corporations. The summit was inaugurated by Mr. Mukesh Ambani. Vista ’05 was organized along the lines of a case study and the discussions addressed the theme with the help of the various verticals such as marketing, finance, operations, strategy, systems and economics. The keynote addresses took place in the form of an intense panel discussion between the President of NASCOMM - Mr. Kiran Karnik, CEO of Biocon Group - Ms. Kiran Majumdar Shaw and the MD and Vice Chairman of ABB - Mr. Ravi Uppal moderated by Mckinsey. It attracted about 8000 footfalls over 3 days and participation from 400+ students from over 70 business schools and 200 of India's best postgraduate and undergraduate colleges.
Vista 2003.
"Beyond Vision Statements-Mission Execution" was the theme of Vista 2003 which focussed on the practical issues faced by the companies in translating their vision into reality. Corporate Partnerships included enduring alliances with leading companies like Tata Sons, ITC, Tata Motors, Sify and Hutch. There was participation not only from premier B-Schools in India but also from prominent international schools like London Business School, Graduate School of Business, University of Chicago, McGill, UCLA and NYU Stern. Activities ranging from presentations by academic experts and senior managers in the panel discussion being conducted by CNBC, to the business quiz being hosted by Siddhartha Basu, Vista gave the participants an opportunity to actively discuss their experiences, contribute insights on the issues faced by corporate India and challenge their intellect in stimulating informal sessions.
Vista 2002.
VISTA 2002 was flagged off by Mr. Kumar Mangalam Birla, Chairman, Aditya Birla Group. The fest attracted a host of corporate sponsors including HUL, ITC, Standard Chartered, Tata Group and Colgate Palmolive. A host of events –Ad-Age, Manifestations, Money Matters, Bizarre were conducted and there was participation from premier B-Schools in the country including IIMA, IIMC, NITIE and S. P. Jain. Three days of action and learning were aided by the synergy of the corporate world, management students from around the country and academia. It truly lived up to its theme for the year, "Making the Connection".

</doc>
<doc id="36774811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774811" title="Iddarammayilatho">
Iddarammayilatho

Iddarammayilatho (English: "With Two Women") is a 2013 Telugu melodrama, romance film. The film, directed by Puri Jagannadh, stars Allu Arjun, Amala Paul, Catherine Tresa and Shawar Ali in the lead roles. The film was entirely shot in Spain and Paris. Bandla Ganesh has produced the film under Parameswara Art Productions. The film was simultaneously dubbed and released in Malayalam as "Romeo & Juliets". The film is also Dubbed in Hindi as "Dangerous Khiladi 2" to be telecast in first quarter of 2014. Iddaramyilatho was released in 1,600 theaters worldwide on 31 May 2013.
Plot.
Corrupt Central Minister (Rao Ramesh), is facing accusations over possessing black money of one hundred thousand crore, and laundering it into Europe, through his un-suspecting daughter, Akanksha (Catherine Tresa), a psychology student who goes to Barcelona to pursue higher education. Akanksha finds a diary in her flat in Barcelona, and out of curiosity she starts reading the book which unfolds the romantic drama between Sanju Reddy (Allu Arjun) and Komali Shankarabharanam (Amala Paul). Akanksha gets engaged in Paris with her father's hench man (Shawar Ali). Incidentally, she runs into Sanju Reddy, and gets to know him. Sanju is an engineer turned lead guitarist of a music band, and makes his living through street and stage performances.
As narrated in the diary, Komali comes from an orthodox Telugu Brahmin family, into classical music, and ends up learning violin, at a musical school in Barcelona under Fiddle-professor Brahma (Brahmanandam). In a twist of fate, she falls in love with Sanju and gets approval for their inter caste marriage, from their parents in India. Komali unknowingly gets caught after a video footage that she accidentally shot while a henchman (Shawar Ali) kills a Spanish Ambassador (Damien Mavis), in the process of money laundering. Sanju saves Komali from the henchman, on a couple of occasions; this is where the story in the diary ends abruptly. Out of curiosity Akanksha starts questioning Sanju about their love story and in the process ends up with disturbing facts.
On continuous asking by Akanksha, Sanju tells her that Komali is dead. It is then shown in flashback that for fixing the marriage of Sanju & Komali, their parents had come to Spain. It was at that time that Komali is kidnapped by the brother (Subbaraju) of Shawar Ali & when Sanju comes to save her, Komali is murdered by the brother of Shawar Ali. In a fit of rage, Sanju bashes up the whole gang & the brother of Shawar Ali goes into coma. On hearing this, Akanksha feels pity for Sanju & falls in love with him. She also tries to bring Sanju out of the memory of Komali but in vain.
Akanksha runs to Sanju to tell him about Komali and at that time, Sanju gets surrounded by the men of Shawar Ali. Sanju while bashing up his men, tells Akanksha that it was his plan to trap Akanksha in his love to avenge the death of his & Komali's parents at the hands of Shawar Ali. It is then shown in flashback that after beating up the brother of Shawar Ali, Sanju had taken the body of Komali to the Hospital, from where Sanju's Dad (Nassar) calls up the Central Minister to arrest Shawar Ali in Spain, after watching the video footage. The Minister then calls up Shawar Ali to finish off this trouble in order to save himself. Shawar Ali, then goes to the hospital & kills Sanju, his parents as well as Komali's parents. However, Sanju & Komali do not die. It is then revealed that Sanju has been all this time waiting to get his revenge & has made Akanksha his pawn in this game & it was him who faxed their photo in order to make Shawar Ali jealous, so that Shawar Ali will come himself to kill Sanju.
Production.
In September, Amala Paul was selected to play one of the female lead. First the makers chose Tapsee Pannu for the another role, which was later bagged by Richa Gangopadhyay. But Richa was officially replaced and Tapsee Pannu was selected as the second female lead in the movie. Later, Catherine Tresa replaced her. Chakri was the initial choice for music director but Devi Sri Prasad was roped in later. The film was officially launched on 18 October 2012 at Ramanaidu Studios in Hyderabad. Movie First Look was launched on 10 March 2013. The director winded up films and went to shot digitally using Arri Alexa cameras with ultra primelenses. A theatrical trailer was released on the occasion of Allu Arjun's birthday on 8 April 2013.
Release.
The film's overseas rights are owned by Blue Sky for approximately It released worldwide on 31 May 2013 with a U/A Certificate from the Censor Board. The movie released in a record no. of 175+ screens in overseas by Bluesky with Digital Quality on 30 May 2013.
Home media.
The Blu-ray disc was released on 8 October 2013 through Sri Balaji video.
Reception.
Iddarammayilatho received positive to mixed reviews among the critics, "Jeevi" of "idlebrain.com" gave a rating of 3 on scale of 5 and opined that first half is entertaining. It's a stylish film though emotions didn't work.""Mahesh S Koneru" of "123telugu.com" gave a review stating "'Iddarammayilatho' is a very stylish offering from Puri Jagan. Allu Arjun's performance, Catherine's glamour and the action sequences are assets for the film. Slow pace in the second half and the absence of traditional Puri Jagan elements like heroism and punch dialogues might hamper the overall experience." "Girija Narayan" of "Oneindia Entertainment" gave a review stating "Iddarammayilatho is definitely a good movie to watch. The movie gets a lot more interesting in the second half. The climax definitely lets the viewers go home happy." "Sasidhar AS" of "The Times of India" gave a review stating "Iddarammayilatho hits you like fresh air, and you instantly fall for the lead characters, refreshingly flesh-and-blood with their set of quirks, flaws and strengths. The first half does ramble a bit and takes time to build up into a riveting second half." "APHerald.com" gave a review stating "Iddarammayilatho is one time watcher and entire credit goes to Puri Jagannadh." "SuperGoodMovies" gave a review stating "'Iddarammayilatho' is a beautiful and stylish movie of Allu Arjun and Puri Jagannath. Definitely it is a worthy watch."
Box office.
Iddaramyilatho has collected gross in 8 weeks worldwide and A Share of in 8 weeks which is exactly double of 2007 Blockbuster Desamuduru under same combo As it raked Share with a gross figure of in 100 Days.
Iddaramyilatho collected mark in its first week it has been a routine for Allu Arjun films.
India.
The film had a Good Start in A, B and C Centres in its first weekend. The film collected on its opening day at worldwide circuits which is a record for Allu Arjun. It showed improvement irrespective of mixed reviews, ending up with a collection of in 3 Days at the Indian Box Office. The movie collected a total of 450 million at the Box Office at the end of its opening week. The film continued to gross steady revenues at all areas, receiving much better response at A Centres, when compared to B and C Centres. The film completed 50 Days in 19 Direct Centers on 19 July 2013.
In Nizam Area Iddaramyilatho collected a Share of in 70 Days.
Overseas.
The movie collected a total of 9174,000 in just 3 days of release. At its opening weekend, the movie collected a total of 17.1 million at the USA Box office.
Iddaramyilatho was a good grosser at overseas It collected $1 million in its full run.Iddaramyilatho earned 13 million through Premier Shows in the U.S.A. Even before its release
Soundtrack.
Devi Sri Prasad, composed the music collaborating with sixth time with Allu Arjun and for first time with Puri Jagan. Pop and reagge singer Apache Indian has teamed up for Devi Sri Prasad to sing a song in this film, which is the first time Apache Indian has sung a Telugu song in his career. The audio launch took place on 28 April 2013 at Shilpakala Vedika in Hyderabad.
The audio got positive response. APHerald.com gave a review stating "Refreshing tracks from Devi Sri Prasad and this time stylish star Allu Arjun got stylish songs too from DSP." Cineoutlook.com gave a review stating "Very good musical scores. Going to rock in the coming days…"

</doc>
<doc id="36774812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774812" title="North East Regional Women's Football League">
North East Regional Women's Football League

The North East Women's Regional Football League is at the fifth and sixth levels of the English women's football pyramid, with the seven other Regional Leagues – Eastern, London & SE, Southern, South West, East Mids, West Mids and North West. The North East Women's Regional League feeds directly into the Northern Combination Women's Football League, and lies above the Durham Women's Football League, East Riding Women's Football League, North Riding Women's Football League and West Riding Women's Football League in the pyramid. The pyramid structure was founded in 1998.
Below the Premier Division the two Division Ones are split geographically with Division One South and Division One North.
Teams.
The teams competing in the North East Women's Regional League Premier Division during the 2013–14 season are:
The teams competing in the North East Women's Regional League Division One North during the 2013–14 season are:
The teams competing in the North East Women's Regional League Division One South during the 2013–14 season are:

</doc>
<doc id="36774817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774817" title="Pat Dixon">
Pat Dixon

Patrick Kenneth Macneile Dixon (15 June 1904 – 8 October 1958), better known as Pat Dixon, was an English radio producer for BBC Radio.
Biography.
Dixon was born on 15 June 1904; his parents were Professor William Macneile Dixon (1891–1946) and Edith (née Wales, ?–1945). He was educated at Winchester College and Christ Church, Oxford.
Dixon worked for a time as a journalist with the "Glasgow Herald", and then in the publicity section of Gaumont British before moving to the advertising agency Mather & Crowther. He joined the BBC in October 1940 as a producer and, in the summer of 1948, produced "Listen, My Children", a serious which included Harry Secombe and Benny Hill in the cast. At the end of 1948 he produced the radio series "Third Division", which was broadcast in early 1949; the shows were written by Frank Muir and Denis Norden and the cast included Secombe, Michael Bentine and Peter Sellers. Bentine noted that Dixon was "scholarly and intelligently humorous ... and as radical in his approach to comedy as we were", while Muir considered him "a terrific chap, and a rebel ... he started all sorts of ideas and shows.
In 1951 Dixon agreed to a request from Spike Milligan to record an audition tape which included Milligan, Sellers, Bentine and Secombe; he passed the tape on to the BBC planners and stressed that a series would be an asset to the corporation. They agreed and "The Crazy Gang" was produced, which was subsequently re-named "The Goon Show", although Dixon was not the producer. Dixon had a further impact on the show as he introduced Max Geldray and Ray Ellington into the format. Towards the end of the sixth series of "The Goon Show", the regular producer, Peter Eton, left the show to work on BBC television: Dixon became the show's producer for the remaining six episodes. Dixon was less disciplinarian that Eton in his approach, although there was some friction with Milligan and Eton returned to produce the first two shows of series seven, before Dixon completed the rest of the 25 episode series. His last "Goon Show" was broadcast on 28 March 1957. During his tenure as "Goon Show" producer, Dixon came under pressure from the BBC to ensure no overtly political preferences or jokes were in the script; he resented such coercion, and wrote to the Assistant Head of Variety, "I think it is very dangerous to have these subtle encroachments on free speech". Spike Milligan considered that Dixon was, "the only producer ... who knows what the "Goon Show" is all about".
Dixon worked with Tony Hancock, when he produced the first episode of the fifth series of Hancock's Half Hour, "The New Radio Series". He also produced the series "Ignorance is Bliss" and "These Foolish Things". Dixon also worked again with Michael Bentine on the first series of "Round the Bend in Thirty Minutes".
He died of cancer on 8 October 1958, aged 54.
Notes and references.
Notes
References

</doc>
<doc id="36774827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774827" title="Joey Brezinski">
Joey Brezinski

Joey Brezinski is an American street skateboarder. He originates from San Bernardino, California, but also has Venice, California, United States (US) listed as his "hometown".
Professional skateboarding.
The "backside tail-slide" is Brezinski's favored trick and he is well known for his "manual" tricks.
Sponsors.
As of December 2011, Brezinski is sponsored by Cliché Skateboards, Autohbahn, Diamond, Andale Bearings, Val Surf, Red Bull, Skatepark of Tampa Party Team, Siege Audio, So Rad Clothing, Tensor, Grizzly Grip, Evol Burritos, FP Insoles, Puma, and lifestyle accessories brand, AWSM.
Contest history.
Brezinski won his seventh Manny Mania contest, hosted by Red Bull in New York City, in August 2012.
Company owner.
Brezinski has collaborated with fellow professional skateboarder, Paul Rodriguez, to form the bearing company, Andale. Brezinski has revealed that the name initially emerged following a conversation between Brezinski and another professional skateboarder, Chico Brenes, and the brand concept was then initiated during a period when both Brezinski and Rodriguez were between bearing sponsors.
Inspiration.
Brezinski has stated that his favorite skateboarding video is Transworld Skateboarding's "Modus Operandi".

</doc>
<doc id="36774837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774837" title="Jacob Candelaria">
Jacob Candelaria

Jacob R. Candelaria is an American politician from Albuquerque, New Mexico, who represents the 26th District in the New Mexico Senate. First elected in 2012, he is a member of the Democratic Party. 
No Republican filed for the seat in the solidly Democratic district, and Candelaria ran unopposed in the November general election.
The 26th district (map) is located entirely within Bernalillo County and contains the westside of the city of Albuquerque.
Early life and career.
Candelaria was born and raised in Albuquerque, brought up by a single mother. He attended St. Pius X High School on Albuquerque's westside before graduating from Princeton University with a degree in public and international affairs with a focus on economics and finance. 
On graduating from Princeton, he returned to Albuquerque, working for Think New Mexico, the New Mexico Legislative Finance Committee and Ben Lujan, the Speaker of the New Mexico House of Representatives. In August 2011, he was appointed President and CEO of Equality New Mexico, the state's largest gay rights organization.
Political career.
On March 5, 2012, Candelaria announced his candidacy for the New Mexico Senate, seeking the Democratic nomination in the 26th district. He was initially one of four Democrats to have filed for the seat, including incumbent Sen. Bernadette Sanchez. However, Sanchez abandoned her re-election bid on March 23, citing a desire to concentrate on her health. Three days later, Steve D. Gallegos, a former Albuquerque city councilor and Bernalillo County commissioner, dropped his bid for the seat and endorsed Candelaria.
The Democratic primary election held on June 5, 2012 was therefore a two-way fight between Candelaria and opponent Carlos Jose Villanueva. Candelaria took 69% of the vote, winning 1,835 votes to Villanueva's 828.
Personal.
Candelaria is openly gay. He is the first gay man to serve in the New Mexico Legislature and only the second LGBT person, after former state senator Liz Stefanics.
Candelaria's campaign won the support of the Gay & Lesbian Victory Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="36774838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774838" title="Friedrich Franz von Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst">
Friedrich Franz von Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst

Friedrich Franz von Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst full German name: "Friedrich Franz Augustin Maria Prinz zu Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst" (15 February 1879, Budapest, Hungary – 24 May 1958, Curitiba, Brasil) was an Austrian prince who served as a military attache in Saint Petersburg. Later he was chief of German propaganda and director of German espionage in Switzerland. He also served with his regiment on the Russian front.
He was married from 1914-1920 to Stephany Julienne Richter, a commoner who became a princess by marriage. In December 1920, he married Countess Emanuela Batthyány von Német-Ujvár of Hungary. They had no children. They moved to Brazil during or after the war, and lived the remainder of their lives there.
Princess Stephanie continued to use the title after they divorced. She was suspected as a spy for the German government, and operated in Europe and Britain during the late 1920s and 1930s. This was confirmed in 2005 by the release of previously secret MI5 and FBI files. Fleeing Britain in 1939 when war was declared, she spent the war years in the United States. She was arrested in 1941 when the US entered the war, and was interned from 1941 to 1945 as an enemy alien.
Early life and marriage.
He was the son of Chlodwig Karl Joseph Maria Prinz zu Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst and Maria Franziska Anna Theresia Hedwig Gräfin Esterházy von Galántha. Educated as part of the aristocracy, Prince Friedrich was appointed military attache at the Austro-Hungarian Embassy in Saint Petersburg, then the Russian capital. According to MI5 files released in 2005, during the First World War Prince Friedrich became involved in spying as chief of German propaganda and director of German espionage in Switzerland.
There he became involved with Stephanie Richter, a young Austrian woman from Vienna, who was beautiful and charming, and Jewish by birth (her mother). Stephanie, then 23 although claiming to be 17, soon told him she was pregnant, but not that it was by another man. The royal family could not risk a scandal, and, with the impending birth, the marriage could not be long delayed. They arranged for the couple to marry quietly in London. The wedding was held on 12 May 1914 in the Roman Catholic Westminster Cathedral.
Richter was reasonably well off and settled the prince's not inconsiderable gambling debts. She also helped to maintain their lifestyle. On 5 December 1914, her son, named Franz Josef von Hohenlohe, was born in Vienna. His full name was Franz Josef Rudolf Hans Weriand Max Stefan Anton von Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst. Stephanie and her family returned to Vienna.
Her husband joined his regiment. Using her contacts, Princess Stephanie arranged to be posted to the Russian front, where she worked in a field hospital at Lemberg, which had just been recaptured from the Russians.
Two years after the end of the First World War, the shot-gun marriage ended. On 20 July 1920 Prince Friedrich's divorce was formalised in Budapest. Later that year Prince Frederick married Countess Emanuela Batthyány von Német-Ujvár of Hungary. They had no children.
His former wife always referred to herself as Princess Stephanie. She was suspected by French, British and American intelligence of being a spy for the German government during the 1930s, after developing close relationships with the Nazi elite, despite her Jewish birth. From 1932 she lived in London. She became involved with powerful and influential men, such as the Anglo-Irish Harold Sidney Harmsworth, 1st Viscount Rothermere, (1868–1940), who ran influential newspapers in London and promoted support for Germany. Princess Stephanie fled England after war was declared, joining a former lover in the United States. After the attack at Pearl Harbor and US entry into the war, she was arrested by the FBI and interned as an enemy alien, being paroled in May 1945. She returned to Germany and established new influential relationships. She died in Geneva, Switzerland in 1972 and is buried there.
Family and death.
Friedrich Franz Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst usually went by his middle name of Franz. He had four siblings, two brothers and two sisters. His elder brother Nikolaus Moritz Aloys Hubertus Maria zu Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst (1877–1948) was the head of the family.
Prince Friedrich and his second wife had no children. They moved to Curitiba, Brasil in the closing days of World War II. He died there on 24 May 1958, and his wife also died in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36774846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774846" title="Richard Rennison">
Richard Rennison

Richard Rennison (29 October 1889 – 5 August 1969) was the last "anvil priest" at Gretna Green, Scotland. Between 1926 and 1940, he performed "irregular marriages" of couples over the anvil at the Old Blacksmith Shop, where the couple proclaimed that they were single and wanted to get married in front of witnesses. As "anvil priest", Rennison generally requested a fee of £1, but was known to earn up to £20 for a ceremony (approximately £3,030 in 2012).
The popularity of the marriages grew whilst he was performing them, to the point that a special committee was formed to look at marriage in Scotland, to which Rennison was called as a witness. By the time "irregular marriages" were outlawed in Scotland by the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1939, Rennison had conducted 5,147 ceremonies.
Personal life.
Richard Rennison was born on 29 October 1889 in Shankhouse, Northumberland to coalminer James Rennison and his wife Ann. He spent time working as a "General Dealer" and as a photographer. He also spent time as a Methodist preacher in Tyneside. In 1923, he married Jessie Little in Nicholforest, Cumberland. The pair moved to Gretna in 1926, by which time Rennison was describing himself as a saddler, an ironmonger and a boot maker. When he moved to Gretna, he initially set himself up as a saddler and opened a cafe, before being taken on by Hugh Mackie, the manager of the Old Blacksmith's Shop. Rennison died on 5 August 1969 at Haltwhistle, Northumberland.
The last "anvil priest".
Before 1940, marriage in Scotland was based on Celtic customs, rather than Catholic religious customs. As such, marriage only required a couple to agree to be married in front of witnesses. The simplicity of these "irregular marriages" meant that they were used by couples who wished to elope, and Gretna Green became a hotspot for elopement because it was the village in Scotland nearest to the English border. The marriages were provided by the blacksmith as he was certain to be a citizen of Scotland and was easy to find at the forge.
Hugh Mackie purchased the Old Blacksmith's Shop at Gretna Green in 1890 and resided there as "anvil priest" until 1926 when he was looking to retire and find a replacement. Mackie found Richard Rennison, who had recently joined the community, and by October 1927, Rennison was presiding over marriages and acting as caretaker of the shop. The shop had ceased any metalwork in 1900 and was solely used for marriage ceremonies. A natural showman, Rennison soon became the resident "anvil priest" and set about marrying people. He would regularly point out that, although he was not a member of the clergy, he could marry people as he was "No Sinner" – the reverse of his surname! In his first ten years, he married around 2000 couples, the majority of whom were couples between 40 and 60 years old. By 1939, the number of marriages he had performed had increased past 4000 due to the many young men who wanted to get married before starting their service in World War II. 
Marriages at the blacksmith shop were inconsistent during Rennison's time as "anvil priest". Although they followed the same pattern, and both parties were to declare in front of witnesses they were single and that one had lived in Scotland for 21 days, there are documented cases where these requirements were not confirmed. At this point, Rennison would strike the hammer on the anvil, and the couple would be married. Rennison's wife often acted as a witness to the couples getting married, and sometimes performed the ceremonies herself. The marriage fee was supposedly £1, but Rennison would sometimes perform the ceremony for free or however much he was given; in one case he received £20 (worth approximately £3,030 in 2012). If witnesses were required, they would be provided at the cost of 2s 6d each.
Rennison travelled to London in 1931 for a "sight-seeing visit", and he brought the anvil with him to protect it from theft. The anvil never left his side, despite weighing . The "Leader-Post" suggested that, since the cost of a new anvil was much less than the cost of transporting the old one, this was more likely to be a publicity stunt.
In 1935, due to the increasing popularity of the Gretna Green "irregular marriages", a special committee headed by Lord Morison was appointed to look at marriage in Scotland. Rennison gave evidence before the committee in 1936. There he claimed that he was known as "the Gretna priest", but did not dress like one and stated that he knew he was not one. He also confirmed that he had been removing the word "priest" from marriage certificates and telling couples that they needed to confirm their marriage with the registrar at Dumfries. The committee's findings led to the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1939, which outlawed the process of "irregular marriages". When the new law came into force in 1940, Rennison had performed 5,147 marriages. His role then changed to a symbolic one, "blessing" marriages and acting as caretaker of the forge. He also regularly appeared at court to ensure the marriages he performed were judicially recognised.

</doc>
<doc id="36774855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774855" title="Philipp Maximilian Opiz">
Philipp Maximilian Opiz

Philipp (Filip) Maximilian Opiz (5 June 1787 in Čáslav – 20 May 1858 in Prague) was a Czech-German forester and botanist.
Beginning in 1805 he served as a cameral-beamter in his hometown of Čáslav, later working in Pardubice (from 1808) and Prague (from 1814). In 1831 he became a "Forstamtsconcipist" (forestry official).
He was the taxonomic authority of numerous plant species, and the creator of many sets of exsiccatae. In 1830 Carl Borivoj Presl named the genus "Opizia" in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="36774856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774856" title="East Midlands Regional Women's Football League">
East Midlands Regional Women's Football League

The East Midlands Regional Women's Football League is at the fifth and sixth levels of the English women's football pyramid, with the seven other Regional Leagues – Eastern, London & SE, Southern, South West, West Mids, North East and North West. The East Midlands Regional Women's Football League feeds directly into the Midland Combination Women's Football League, and lies above the Leicestershire Women's Football League, Lincolnshire Women's Football League, Northamptonshire Women's Football League, Nottinghamshire Women's Football League and the Derbyshire Girls & Ladies League in the pyramid. The pyramid structure was founded in 1998.
Below the Premier Division the two Division Ones are split geographically with Division One South and Division One North.
Teams.
The teams competing in the East Midlands Regional Women's League Premier Division during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the East Midlands Regional Women's League Division One North during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the East Midlands Regional Women's League Division One South during the 2012–13 season are:

</doc>
<doc id="36774865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774865" title="Frecciarossa 1000">
Frecciarossa 1000

The Frecciarossa 1000, also known as the V300 Zefiro (Bombardier) or ETR.400 (Trenitalia) is a high-speed train developed by Bombardier Transportation and AnsaldoBreda and designed by Bertone. 50 trainsets were ordered by Trenitalia in 2010.
History and design.
The "V300 Zefiro" was offered by Bombardier Transportation and AnsaldoBreda as a response to Ferrovie dello Stato's tender for 50 new high-speed trainsets; the design, a 200m long eight car non-articulated single decker train with distributed traction, was based on elements of Bombardier Transportation's Zefiro and AnsaldoBreda's V250 train designs. Initial specifications were for a train meeting European high-speed technical standards, with a design commercial speed of 360 km/h, initially operated at 300 km/h, and to be tested to 400 km/h.
The Trenitalia contract was awarded to the Bombardier/Ansaldo joint-venture in August 2010, for delivery into service in 2013. The bid was less expensive at €30.8m per train than the €35m per train cost given by the other bidder, Alstom. The contract value was €1.54bn of which Bombardier's share was €654m.
A mock up of the train (named 'Frecciarossa 1000') was unveiled at Rimini in August 2012. The train's design includes an active suspension system. The vehicles are expected to be operable on multiple European systems, with compatibility with the railway systems of Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Netherlands, Spain and Switzerland claimed by FS.
On 26 March 2013 the first trainset was unveiled during a public ceremony at the Ansaldo-Breda facilities in Pistoia. The train was named Pietro Mennea (1952 - 2013), in memory of the Italian world record holder of the 200 meter track from 1979 to 1996. The train will be now instrumented to undergo extensive testing in order to be certified to operate on the Italian high-speed rail network at 360 km/h (225 mph).
An additional 49 trains are to be built and will gradually enter regular service starting from summer 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36774867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774867" title="Steven Fox (golfer)">
Steven Fox (golfer)

Steven Fox (born January 14, 1991) of Hendersonville, Tennessee is an American professional golfer who won the 2012 U.S. Amateur.
Fox attended Hendersonville High School and currently attends the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. Fox won the 2012 U.S. Amateur at Cherry Hills Country Club on the 37th hole after being down two with two holes to play. Fox was the 63rd player to qualify for match play. He had to survive a 17-man playoff for 14 spots in stroke play to qualify for the match play of the U.S. Amateur. With the win, Fox qualified for the 2013 Masters Tournament, 2013 U.S. Open, and 2013 Open Championship where he missed the cut at all three events.
Fox won the Tennessee State Amateur in August 2013.
Fox turned professional in September 2013. He will play on the Web.com Tour in 2014 after earning his tour card through qualifying school.
U.S. national team appearances.
Amateur

</doc>
<doc id="36774881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774881" title="Bruce Turner (field hockey)">
Bruce Turner (field hockey)

Bruce Alexander Turner (5 August 1930 – 30 March 2010) was a New Zealand field hockey and cricket player. He represented New Zealand in field hockey at two Olympics, in 1956 in Melbourne and 1960 in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36774890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774890" title="Aćif Hadžiahmetović">
Aćif Hadžiahmetović

Aćif Hadžiahmetović () (1887 – 21 January 1945) was a politician in the Sandžak region of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes in the interwar period and during World War II. In the interwar period he was mayor of Novi Pazar and a deputy of Džemijet following the 1923 elections. After the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, he was appointed mayor of Novi Pazar under the German military government of the Territory of the Military Commander in Serbia and in 1943–44 was a deputy of Mitrovica in the Albanian parliament. He was also a member of the central committee of the Second League of Prizren. Towards the end of the war, he was executed by the Yugoslav Partisans for his collaboration with the Axis.
Family.
His father Emin-aga was of Albanian origin from Đakovica (), while his mother Jalduza was a local of Novi Pazar. He and his wife Mahije had no children of their own but had adopted two orphans from Đakovica, Qamil and Mejreme.
Biography.
A member of Džemijet since its foundation in 1919, he was elected mayor of Novi Pazar in 1920. In 1923 he was elected as a representative of the region in the parliament of the Kingdom of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs. A close collaborator of the party's leader Ferhat Draga, his speeches in the parliament focused on the agrarian reform, which he often attacked as a policy that targeted only Albanian farmers. After Ferhat Draga's imprisonment and the party's dissolution, many of its members faced attacks. Hadžiahmetović himself survived two assassination attempts.
In April 1941 German Nazi forces appointed Hadžiahmetović as mayor of Novi Pazar. He established an Albanian committee of 11 members in Novi Pazar and also a Muslim gendarmerie which was pro-Albanian and whose members wore Albanian symbols. He was one of the signatories of the Resolution of Sarajevo Muslims in 1941. At the same time, with officers like Shaban Polluzha under his command, he organized the defense of the region against attacks by Chetnik forces that targeted Albanian and Muslim civilians and by the Yugoslav Partisans who led the antifascist liberation movement. The principal goal of Albanian forces was the creation of a Greater Albania that would include Novi Pazar in it. As a consequence, efforts were made to Albanize the Bosniak population of Novi Pazar – one of the policies that created the greatest revolt among the local Bosniak population was the prohibition of wearing the Muslim hat, fez. During a public speech made when the first Albanian military forces penetrated into Novi Pazar in October 1941, Hadžiahmetović warned the public present that they are "Albanian, and not Bosniak", and stated: "Behind us stand three million Albanians, our Pazar is the centre of Albania, and we will create a Greater Albania.". At another public speech, Hadžiahmetović is recorded to have said that the population which occupies all lands spanning from Raška (a town in southern Serbia) to the southernmost point of Albania is Albanian.
It was also during his rule, in 1942, that the entire Jewish population of Novi Pazar – 221 individuals, were imprisoned, sent to the concentration camp Staro Sajmište and killed.
In 1943 he joined the Second League of Prizren and was elected a member of its central committee. A few months later, after the incorporation of Mitrovica into Albania he became a representative of the region in the Albanian parliament along with Ferhat Abidi, Hysen Hysnija and Shaban Mustafa.
He was considered a collaborator with the Axis powers during World War II and was executed in 1945 by the Yugoslav government, after he was found guilty of the murder of c. 7,000 Serbs.
Legacy.
In the late 2000s the Bosniak National Council initiated the process of his historical rehabilitation in Serbia. Among others Muamer Zukorlić has praised him as a "hero of Bosniak people". The campaign culminated in the inauguration of a memorial dedicated to Hadžiahmetović on August 3, 2012 in Novi Pazar. This event was attended by Sulejman Ugljanin (Minister Without Portfolio of Serbia), Esad Džudžević (president of the Bosniak National Council) and Ahmedin Škrijelj (deputy mayor of Novi Pazar). The Ministry of Justice and State Administration of Serbia instructed the local administration to remove the memorial. There is also an initiative to name the City Stadium of Novi Pazar after him.
Opponents of the rehabilitation of Aćif Hadžiahmetović emphasize that he fought for Greater Albania project, that his aim was to Albanize the Bosniak population of Sandžak, that he collaborated with occupying forces of the Third Reich in the whole period of occupation during World War II, sent a number of communists from Novi Pazar into concentration camps, as well as allowed the elimination of Jewish, Roma and Serbian population of Novi Pazar. For his collaboration he was awarded with Iron Cross by Nazi Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36774903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774903" title="Forum of the Ox">
Forum of the Ox

The Forum of the Ox (, , meaning "the Ox") was a public square () in the city of Constantinople (today's Istanbul). Used also as place for public executions and torture, it disappeared completely after the end of the Byzantine Empire.
Location.
The Forum lay along the southern branch of the Mese Odós (the main street of the city), in the valley of the Lycus creek, between the seventh and the third hills of Constantinople. Administratively, it was included in the eleventh "Regio" of the city, and its site is today located in the neighborhood of Aksaray.
History.
This square was possibly part of Constantine the Great's original city plan design; like the other fora of Constantinople, it was certainly built sometime in the 4th century. The name of the square originated from a large, hollow bronze statue representing the head of an ox. The statue, brought to Constantinople from Pergamum in Asia Minor, was used both as a furnace and a device implementing the brazen bull torture: people were closed inside the ox, which then was heated until they suffocated and burned. During the first persecution of Christians in Asia Minor under Emperor Domitian (r. 81–96) the Ox, still in Pergamum, was used to execute Saint Antipas. According to the "Patrologia Latina", in the reign of Julian the Apostate (r. 361–363) many Christians were burned inside the Bull, at that time already moved to Constantinople. In 562 the Forum, at that time surrounded by warehouses and workshops, burned down. The body of the usurper Phocas (r. 602–610) was also incinerated in the ox's head following his deposition. According to some sources, Emperor Heraclius (r. 610–641) melted the statue to mint bullion coins needed to pay his army for his war against the Persians. However, this is not certain since executions using the Ox continue to be attested after Heraclius's reign, for example when Justinian II (r.685-695; 705-711) let burn in the Ox the two Patricians Theodoros and Stephanos, both involved in a failed plot against him. The same Emperor enlarged and adorned the square. During the Byzantine Iconoclasm, Saint Theodosia (d. 729) and Saint Andrew of Crete (d. 766), both defenders of icon veneration, were executed in the square. The former was executed by having a ram's horn hammered through her neck.
Architecture.
We know the position of the Forum Bovis thanks to the work "De Ceremoniis", written by Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus (r. 913–959). He writes that the two imperial processions starting from the Great Palace and directed each year respectively to the Churches of Saint Mary of the Spring and Saint Mocius transited through the square. Based on this information, the Forum should be located in the modern neighbourhood of Aksaray.
The Forum had a rectangular plan with sides 250 m and 300 m long. According to one source, in the 1950s its shape was still recognizable as an empty space limited to the north by 7-8 meters high terraces. According to others, the square should be located south-southeast of the Ottoman Murat Pasha Mosque. In the Byzantine Age, the square was surrounded by porticoes adorned with bas-reliefs and niches with statues. Particularly noteworthy among them was a group representing Constantine the Great and his mother Helena holding their hands on a gold plated silver cross, a composition that became very popular in Byzantine art.
Near the Forum lay also the "Palace of Eleutherios" (named so since it lay in the Byzantine neighbourhood of "ta Eleutheriou" and overlooked the harbour of the same name on the Sea of Marmara), built by Empress Irene (r. 775–797), and a bath erected under Theophilos (r. 813–842) by the Patrician Nicetas. The Forum Bovis was well connected with other important parts of the city: the Mese, heading east, connected the Forum with the Forum Amastrianum and the Forum Tauri. In the westerly direction, the same road started to climb the seventh hill, reaching then the Forum of Arcadius and the plateau of Xeropholos. Finally the Mese crossed the Theodosian Walls at the Golden Gate. This part of the road corresponds to the modern Istanbul roads "Çerrahpaşa Caddesi" and "Kocamustafapaşa Caddesi". Two other paths connected the square with the gates of St. Romanus (modern Topkapı) and Pege (modern Silivri kapı).
The Forum's location has not yet been excavated. The quarter where the Forum lay was never hit by the large fires which ravaged Istanbul in the 19th and 20th century. In 1956, during the works for the construction of "Millet" and "Vatan Caddesi", the two large roads which cross historic Istanbul, two pillars two meters high and having a base 3 m x 4 m wide were found outside the south wall of the Murat Pasha Mosque. These pillars, possibly belonging to a triumphal Arch, were most probably part of the Forum. Moreover, single constructive elements were also found in situ during these excavations. In 1968-71, during the road works to build the Aksaray road interchange south east of the Pertevniyal Valide Sultan Mosque, no remains of the square have been found.

</doc>
<doc id="36774920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774920" title="Fulford–Miami Speedway">
Fulford–Miami Speedway

The Fulford–Miami Speedway was a AAA Championship Car wood race track located in North Miami Beach, Florida. It was the first speedway built in South Florida. The track was built in 1925 by Indianapolis Motor Speedway co-founder Carl Fisher, who was also developing the city. To help build the track, Fisher hired 1911 Indianapolis 500 winner Ray Harroun, who also served as general manager of the track. The track's banking was at 50°, and as a result, cars had to drive at a speed of in order to remain on the track without sliding off. In comparison, the Daytona International Speedway's banking is 32°. Because of the speed the track's configuration produced, the track was considered as the fastest in the world.
The track held only one event, the Carl G. Fisher Trophy in the 1926 AAA Championship Car season. The race was 240 laps and , and was held on February 22, 1926 with a crowd of 20,000. The race's official starter was Barney Oldfield. The pole position was won by Tommy Milton with a lap speed of , while the race was won by 1925 Indianapolis 500 winner Peter DePaolo, with Harry Hartz finishing second, less than a minute behind. Out of the 19 cars competing, only six finished the race. On September 17, 1926, the track was destroyed by the Great Miami Hurricane; the lumber that comprised the track's surface was scattered across the neighborhood, and was later, after being recovered, used by the city for reconstruction. After its destruction, the area was taken over by the Presidential County Club. South Florida did not have a major auto race again until 1983, when the Grand Prix of Miami was held on a street circuit in downtown Miami. Two years later, open wheel racing returned when CART used a street course at Tamiami Park for their season finale, the Beatrice Indy Challenge.

</doc>
<doc id="36774937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774937" title="¿Olvida usted algo? – ¡Ojalá!">
¿Olvida usted algo? – ¡Ojalá!

¿Olvida usted algo? – ¡Ojalá! was an exterior installation by Mexican artist Susana Rodríguez that stood in the grounds of the Casa del Lago in Mexico City from 27 August 2009 to 6 September 2009. The work explored the relationship between construction and destruction.
Work.
The outdoor installation is constructed of bricks, concrete, ceramic tiles and a wooden door. 
There are two half-destroyed walls, with an intact door.
The work explores the idea of a building that perhaps has been destroyed during a storm, but where traces remain of the time when it was inhabited.
The work is ambiguous, leaving it to the viewer to interpret whether the building was destroyed, is in the process of being built, or is complete.
The installation also refers to those people that one can imagine being inside or outside the building.
It was exhibited in a show curated by Itzel Vargas Plata, which also included the work "Gloria Desierta" by Emanuel Tovar.
Interpretation.
There is no absolute meaning to the work, only the meaning that each spectator considers appropriate.
The artist has said she addresses the dialectic between construction and destruction as an event that helps us understand and accept the transformation of life as inevitable.
The installation's name is the text of the 2005 flash fiction work "El emigrante" by Luis Felipe Lomelí.
Discussing the title, the author observed that the four words generate many ideas, including ones on subjects you would not normally think about.
The story is a perfect title for the project, since one of the most important factors in evolution is learning, which is based on memory.

</doc>
<doc id="36774942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774942" title="Xenon hexafluororhodate">
Xenon hexafluororhodate

Xenon hexafluororhodate (XeRhF6) is a noble gas compound first synthesised in 1963 by Neil Bartlett. It is analogous to xenon hexafluoroplatinate.
Synthesis.
Xenon hexafluororhodate is produced by the direct combination of xenon and rhodium hexafluoride:

</doc>
<doc id="36774946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774946" title="Janaseva Vidyakendra Boys Residential School">
Janaseva Vidyakendra Boys Residential School

Janaseva vidya kendra ("JSVK") commonly known as Janaseva vidya kendra boys hostel is located on Magadi Road Channenahalli in Bangalore in the Indian state of Karnataka is a boys' hostel school. The school was built by educationors from Karnataka and began with 13 boys in 1975, growing to around 600 students ranging from 5th to 12th grade. The school celebrated its 25th year in 2000.
Management & facilities.
JSVK is run by Janaseva trust. Most of the members are Professors and educationist in Karnataka. The school covers over 25 acres. Facilities include an emergency medical care unit to barber shop. The school has sports facilities including courts for badminton, basketball, field hockey, volleyball, Kho kho and Kabaddi.
All students live in dormitories and are supervised by house masters. Most daily activities are run by students under the supervision of house master or supervisors.

</doc>
<doc id="36774965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774965" title="New Zealand Soldiers' Club">
New Zealand Soldiers' Club

The New Zealand Soldiers' Club, housed at 17 Russell Square, provided food and accommodation for New Zealand soldiers returning on leave from the battlefront in France during World War I. From 1916 to 1919, the club housed, clothed and fed over 100,000 soldiers. Almost all were met personally by the club's committee as they disembarked from trains returning to London from France.
Prior to August 1916, New Zealand soldiers on leave were given temporary accommodation in a number of YMCA hostels across London. The New Zealand War Contingent Association recognised that a place was needed to provide basic but comfortable living quarters for able-bodied and wounded soldiers when on leave in the UK.
History.
The was originally in three private houses, located at 17, 18 and 19 Russell Square in London. It was opened on 1 August 1916 by Sir Thomas Mackenzie, of the New Zealand High Commission. The house at No. 17 originally belonged to Sir Alexander Meadows Rendel, one of a family of British civil engineers. Sir Alexander gave the house rent free to the club in memory of his late wife Lady Elizabeth Rendel, the daughter of Captain William Hobson, the first Governor of New Zealand.
The club was staffed by New Zealand volunteers as stipulated by the New Zealand War Contingent Association. In his opening speech, Sir Thomas Mackenzie stated that committee members would meet each train from France to ""prevent the harpies and sharpers who are always hanging about the Metropolis from decoying the men"".
The building was demolished after World War II and replaced by buildings designed by architect Sir Denys Lasdun for the University of London. In 1975 No. 17 became the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies (IALS). The existence of the club was forgotten until 2008 when, as part of its 60th anniversary, the Institute was researching its own history and found references in the archive to the older building at 17 Russell Square. Some pictures and a brief history of the New Zealand Soldiers' Club are on its website.
Honorary Club Secretary.
The first and only Secretary was R. H. Nolan. Nolan was Honorary Club Secretary and one of the first to recognise the importance of a permanent hostel for soldiers on leave. In a letter, published in Press, a New Zealand Newspaper he describes his role and day-to-day management of the club:
Personal descriptions of the club.
The club is described by John ("Jack") Daniels, a New Zealand soldier writing to his family in the latter years of the Great War, as having ""Fine billiard-room, reading and writing rooms, and every convenience and comfort. Beds for 200 men. Canteen for light refreshments open day and night. Run by N.Z. ladies. Tariff: dinner, 1s.; bed, breakfast and tea, 8d,""
External links.
New Zealand War Contingent Association

</doc>
<doc id="36774968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36774968" title="Fouad Fajari">
Fouad Fajari

Fouad Fajari (born 18 April 1989 in Rabat) is a Moroccan Greco-Roman wrestler. He competed in the -55kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where he was defeated in the 1/8 finals by Håkan Nyblom from Denmark.

</doc>
