<doc id="36648632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648632" title="Econohomes">
Econohomes

Econohomes is a privately held company based in Austin, Texas, specializing in foreclosures, also known as real estate owned properties (REO), and specialty financing across the United States.The company buys distressed residential properties wholesale and resells them online at prices under $100,000. Buyers are mostly made up of investors who renovate and resell or rent the properties.
History.
The company was founded in 2006.Econohomes’ initial goal was to serve the deep sub-prime market by retailing affordable homes, but after the housing market crash in 2008, Jeff Ball, the current CEO, realigned the business model to sell to investors.
Jeff Ball is responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of the business, as well as spearheading our capital raising efforts. Most recently, Jeff was the Global Head of Semiconductor Investment Banking at JPMorgan. Jeff received his JD and MBA from Santa Clara University. He received his BA in Economics and Theology from Georgetown University. 
Econohomes offers full bilingual services and Spanish-language online information to help the Hispanic community buy more real estate as first time home owners and real estate investors. 
Recent news.
In 2012, Personal Real Estate Investor Magazine named Econohomes as one of the Top 50 Real Estate Investment Opinion Makers and Market Leaders in the category of Leading Lenders and Other Vital Services.
Additionally, in 2012, Econohomes was named number 15 of The 100 Best Companies to Work for in Texas, a project of the Texas Association of Business (TAB), the Society for Human Resources Management – Texas State Council, and the Best Companies Group. This ranking was awarded in the Small Companies division.
On October 18, 2012 Econohomes was awarded the #2 spot on Austin Business Journal’s annual list of Austin’s 50 fastest growing private companies, in the category of businesses grossing over $10M in yearly revenue.
According to Jeff Ball, CEO of Econohomes, being named second of the Fast 50 is an honor and a result of the increasingly vital role Econohomes is playing in turning distressed properties lost to foreclosure back into family homes. "At Econohomes, we are passionate about helping small, local investors unlock the value trapped in distressed foreclosure properties,” says Ball.
On November 12th, 2012 Econohomes was named #40 on Austin American-Statesman’s 2012 Top Workplaces of Greater Austin list. The list was compiled through WorkplaceDynamics’ surveys asking workers to rate their employers on issues such as leadership and direction, ethics and values, and how well employees are treated. The ranking was awarded in the Top Small Companies 2012 category. 

</doc>
<doc id="36648633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648633" title="Explode (Cover Drive song)">
Explode (Cover Drive song)

"Explode" is the fourth single to be released by Barbados-based pop group Cover Drive. The song was released on August 26, 2012 as a digital download in the United Kingdom, taken from their debut studio album, "Bajan Style". The single version of the track has been remixed to feature vocals from British grime rapper Dappy. A music video to accompany the release of "Explode" was first released on YouTube on 23 July 2012 at a total length of three minutes and fifty-four seconds. The video features the band performing the track in a club, while Dappy sits in the audience watching the performance.

</doc>
<doc id="36648634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648634" title="Woodland Rail">
Woodland Rail

Woodland Rail, LLC is a non-carrier railroad company that owns an rail line located in the state of Maine and province of New Brunswick. It was formed in 2012 as a subsidiary company of Woodland Pulp, LLC, which owns and operates a pulp mill in the Woodland neighborhood of the town of Baileyville, Maine.
Woodland Rail connects a pulp mill in Baileyville, Maine with the Milltown Spur, owned by the New Brunswick Southern Railway (NBSR), at the midpoint of the Salmon Falls Railroad Bridge, which crosses the St. Croix River and the International Boundary between Calais, Maine and St. Stephen, New Brunswick.
Woodland Rail has contracted Eastern Maine Railway to operate the line.
History.
In 2012 Woodland Rail, LLC was formed by its owner Woodland Pulp, LLC to purchase the Calais Industrial Track (former Calais Branch and Woodland Spur) from Pan Am Railways between Calais and Baileyville. This line was originally operated by the Maine Central Railroad (MEC) and later by Guilford Transportation Industries (GTI).
GTI had abandoned the Calais Branch west of Saint Croix Junction in 1985, leaving the remaining active rail line with a connection to Canadian Pacific Railway in St. Stephen, New Brunswick. The CP line to St. Stephen was sold to New Brunswick Southern Railway (NBSR) in 1995.
Line description.
Both ends of the are located in the U.S.; the middle are in Canada.
From its interchange at the Salmon Falls Railroad Bridge in Calais, the line runs geographically southwest for approximately to St. Croix Junction. This portion was formerly the easternmost section of the Calais Branch. of track between St. Croix Junction and Ayers Junction remain in place but are not in service and is currently owned by the Maine Department of Transportation.
From St. Croix Junction, the line continues southwest as the Woodland Spur. at Baring, Maine, the line turns west and crosses from the south (west) bank of the St. Croix River to the north (east) bank at Upper Mills, New Brunswick on the Baring Railroad Bridge.
The line then continues northwest for in New Brunswick to Mohannes, New Brunswick where it crosses back to the south (west) bank of the St. Croix River at Woodland Junction on the Sprague Falls Railroad Bridge.
At Woodland Junction, an industrial spur runs south for to serve the Woodland Pulp, LLC thermo-mechanical pulp mill in Baileyville. The Woodland Spur continues northwest for to the current end of track at an oriented strand board mill.

</doc>
<doc id="36648684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648684" title="Rezart Taçi">
Rezart Taçi

Rezart Taçi (born in Tirana) is an Albanian businessman who is most known for being the creator and CEO of Taçi Oil. as well as the majority owner of Vetro Energy, which owns Albpetrol.
Biography.
Mr. Rezart Taci was born and raised in Tirana, Albania. In 1998, he began a career in the trading industry of finished oil products where he worked hard to establish his well-respected name. Internationally recognized as one of Eastern Europe’s leading businessmen and entrepreneurs, Mr. Taci has established an impressive portfolio of companies in Energy and Media.In 2003 Mr. Taci established Taçi Oil International Trading and Supply Company Sh.A (Taci Oil). At its inception the company had only six employees and leased storage facilities in Shengjin-Lezhe, a port on the northern coast of Albania. Later, Taci Oil acquired this facility and expanded operations with additional tankers and added additional facilities in Porto-Durrës. The combined storage for the two facilities is over 80,000 cubic meters and expanding. In 2004, Mr. Taci established Anika Enterprises S.A. (ANIKA), a Switzerland-based company acting as the trading arm of Taci Oil, to support his operations and expand his international partnerships. In 2006, Mr. Taci established KUID Sh.p.k (KUID) in order to expand into the retail sector of refined products. The company began by operating 29 petrol stations. By 2009 the network of petrol stations had expanded to 84. Today there are over 300 Taci Oil petrol stations and 1400 employees.In 2008, Mr. Taci participated in the international tender for the privatization of Albanian Refining and Marketing of Oil Sh.A (ARMO). Mr. Taci was awarded the tender and acquired 85% of the shares of ARMO. ARMO owns and operates the only two oil refineries in Albania. Along with the two refineries, the Taci Group (ANIKA, Taci Oil, ARMO, KUID) operates the largest storage facilities, as well as the largest network of retail petrol stations in the country

</doc>
<doc id="36648691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648691" title="Kill or capture">
Kill or capture

There are multiple uses for the term kill or capture (which is related to "wanted dead or alive"):

</doc>
<doc id="36648702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648702" title="Judith M. Barzilay">
Judith M. Barzilay

Judith Morgenstern Barzilay (born 1944) is a Senior Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
Biography.
Education.
Barzilay was born in 1944 in Russell, Kansas. She received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1965 from Wichita State University. She received a Master of Library Science degree in 1971 from Rutgers University School of Library and Information Science. She received a Juris Doctor in 1981 from Rutgers University School of Law–Newark.
Career.
Barzilay worked as a high school teacher from 1965 to 1967 and again from 1968 to 1969 in Wichita, Kansas, Lawrenceville, New Jersey and Hamilton Township, New Jersey. She worked as a librarian from 1971 to 1978 in Seldon, New York, Woodbridge, New Jersey, Somerville, New Jersey and East Brunswick, New Jersey. She served as a law clerk to Judge Robert Tarleton of the New Jersey Superior Court from 1981 to 1982. She worked in private practice in Wayne, New Jersey from 1982 to 1983. She worked as a trial attorney in the International Trade Field Office of the United States Department of Justice in New York City from 1983 to 1986. She worked in private practice in New York City from 1986 to 1988. She served at Sony Electronics Inc. as a senior attorney from 1988 to 1989, Vice President of Import-Export Operations from 1989 to 1995 and Vice President of Government Affairs from 1996 to 1998. She was a member of the Treasury Advisory Committee on Commercial Operations of the United States Customs Service from 1995 to 1998.
Federal Judicial Service.
On January 27, 1998, President Clinton nominated Barzilay to serve as a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade, to the seat vacated by Judge Dominick L. DiCarlo. She was confirmed by the Senate on March 11, 1998 and received her commission the same day. She took senior status on June 2, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36648703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648703" title="Northallerton Shinty Club">
Northallerton Shinty Club

Northallerton Shinty Club is a shinty club in Yorkshire, England. They do not field a competitive team at present.
History.
Northallerton Shinty Club was founded on Yorkshire Day, 1 August 2012. The club's first training session was held on 12 August 2012 on Bullamoor Park, Northallerton.
The Club were invited to join hosts London Camanachd, Scots Camanachd (see The Scots Shinty Club) and Cornwall Shinty Club at the inaugural London Shinty festival, on Saturday 22 September. The club did not manage to field a team.
The club has received some interest but is struggling to get equipment. A kind donation from Glenurquhart Shinty Club and DCR Sports of 12 shinty balls has helped, and the club are in discussions to get more funding and equipment from other sources.
The club is going to trial satellite teams in local schools, hopefully this will help create a stable base for the club in the area.
The club is one of the founding members of the English Shinty Association and will send players to represent the English Shinty Team in the 2013 Bullough Cup
Northallerton Camanachd.
Shinty was previously played in Northallerton, Northallerton Camanachd, a team established in the 1970s by a man resident in the area, Richard Tulloch. The team competed regularly in sixes competitions.[http://www.scotsman.com/sport/right-end-of-the-stick-1-1407016] Tulloch went on to become the first CEO of the Camanachd Association. Northallerton Shinty Club is not a continuation of this club, and is a completely separate entity
Future.
Northallerton Shinty Club is looking to establish itself in the area and develop a pool local players, both male and female, from Yorkshire, Teesside and the North East with a view to entering 6-a-side competitions in the near future. With a host of shinty teams starting up in England, full 12-a-side fixtures may be possible in a few years.

</doc>
<doc id="36648726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648726" title="List of Counting Cars episodes">
List of Counting Cars episodes

This is a list of episodes from the reality television series Counting Cars, a spinoff of the series "Pawn Stars", which airs on the cable network History.
Series overview.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36648735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648735" title="Amalie Bruun">
Amalie Bruun

Amalie Bruun (born 1985) is a Danish singer and songwriter.
Biography.
Amalie Brunn released her debut album in 2006 on Kick Music with 11 songs written by herself and her father Michael Christie. Amalie Bruun is also a pianist and writes songs with other composers, including Moh Denebi from Stockholm . In 2008 she created the title song for Reality show Paradise Hotel . The song is called If You Give It Up and has also made music video in Mexico, where the show takes place. Amalie Bruun went to New York later in 2008 and won the New York songwriters circle international award. She is now permanently residing in New York.
In 2010 she published The EP 'Branches' which was recorded at Pirate Studios in New York in partnership with Watt White.
In August 2010 played Amalie Bruun in a commercial for Chanel perfume Bleu De Chanel, directed by Martin Scorsese, along with Gaspard Ulliel and Ingrid Schram.
She also appeared in 2011 in the music video for The Lonely Island's "Jack Sparrow" as Forrest Gump's wife Jenny, alongside Michael Bolton.
In spring 2012 she released the single "Siren", written and produced in collaboration with Mark Saunders on A:Larm Music. In 2013, Amalie also appeared on R.A. The Rugged Man's Album "Legends Never Die" providing background and chorus vocals for Track #3 - "Definition of a Rap Flow".

</doc>
<doc id="36648738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648738" title="Without Her Consent">
Without Her Consent

Without Her Consent is a 1990 television film directed by Sandor Stern. Originally airing on NBC, the drama film is based on a true story and stars Melissa Gilbert as a woman who seeks justice after being raped by an acquaintance.
Plot.
When she moves from Idaho to Venice, Los Angeles because of a new job offer, Emily Briggs (Gilbert) quickly meets Jason Barnes (Valentine), a friendly neighbor who works as a set decorator for movies. He invites her to his home in Santa Monica to pick up an old table which she can use at her new place, though abuses the meeting to rape her. Emily unsuccessfully struggles to get away, and fears for her life throughout the rape. Her cousin Marty (Bernard) insists for her to report the case, but the District Attorney denies the case because she voluntarily went to his house, and there were no witnesses present. The fact that he was arrested five times before with the same allegations does not influence the case. Emily tries to move on with her life, but finds out that she is not able to share intimacy with her boyfriend Trey Cousins (Tubb).
Sometime later, Emily receives a visit from a woman named Marcia Daily (Riker), who tells her that she was raped by Jason as well, and that all of the women were stalked by him afterwards as a way of power control. Marcia tells her that an attorney named Gloria Allred (Neuwirth) can make a case of the rape if they combine powers, but Emily is reluctant to go to court. Emily later admits to being raped to Trey, when he overhears her conversation with Marcia. Trey is upset that she went to a stranger's house and estranges from her by claiming that she was asking for the rape. He tries to avoid doing harm to Jason out of anger, but eventually runs him over with his car. Aware that her fiancé is facing a prison sentence, Emily turns to Gloria for help. Gloria agrees to take on his case, and takes Emily's rape story to the media in hopes of influencing the jury. Trey is reluctant to allow Emily's rape to become a national sensation, but the story is printed anyway on Emily's insistence.
In court, Trey is sentenced to 36 months of probation, as well as getting a restraining order against Jason's residence and having to pay for his medical expenses. He is too overwhelmed with the case and its media attention, and Emily leaves him when he admits that he is too distressed with his own problems to support her with recovering from the rape. Meanwhile, a young woman named Claire Sugarman (McCullough) steps forward to being raped by Jason as well, which enables Gloria to make a case. Emily is reluctant to go court yet again, until she grows determined to prove to everyone that she was not lying about being raped. Trey visits her in hopes of a reconciliation, but Emily tells him that she honestly does not think that he believes that she was raped. 
During the trial against Jason, Emily is being battered while on the stand on being promiscuous. Their attorney hopes to break Jason by confronting him of having lied to the police about knowing Emily, though Jason lies himself out of the situation, endangering the case for Emily. Trey, convinced of regaining Emily's affection, sets out for himself to prove that Jason is guilty, and meets with Jason's neighbor Pete Raymond (Hobbs), who can serve as a witness. Emily is touched by Trey's actions, especially due to the fact that he ignored his restraining order in her sake. After Pete tells in court that Emily left his place shocked and battered, in torn clothes, Jason breaks and admits to the crime. He is sentenced to 10 years in jail, and Emily now reconciled with Trey, receives $5 million for damage repairs.

</doc>
<doc id="36648757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648757" title="Aureliano Maestre de San Juan">
Aureliano Maestre de San Juan

Aureliano Maestre de San Juan ( October 17, 1828 - June 1, 1890) was a Spanish scientist, histologist, physician and anatomist. He is credited as being one of the first scientists to recognize the disorder known as Kallmann syndrome. He died in 1890, having been blinded in a laboratory accident involving caustic soda.

</doc>
<doc id="36648760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648760" title="Indian general election, 1971 (Bihar)">
Indian general election, 1971 (Bihar)


</doc>
<doc id="36648775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648775" title="Rodolfo Beltrán Bravo">
Rodolfo Beltrán Bravo

Rodolfo Beltrán Bravo "Ropo" (born in Lima, Peru 1948) Peruvian architect and politician that served as the Minister of the Presidency of Peru (1989) during the democratic government of Alan García (1985–1990).
Member of the Board of the Central Reserve Bank of Peru (1989), CEO of the Institute of Foreign Commerce ICE (1989), Commercial Attache of Peru in Venezuela and the Caribbean (1987–1989), Vice President of the Agrarian Bank (Agrobanco) (2008–2011) and CEO of Pronamachcs-Agrorural, National Rural Development Program of the Ministry of Agriculture of Peru(2006 to 2011). 
At present (2012) General Manager of ECOARKI SAC, Private, National Organization with associated offices in Peru, Brazil and the United Kingdom, dedicated to innovation for rural areas, green solutions and sustainable development. Founded and conducted the radio program of environment and innovation "La Hora de la Chalina", Radio San Borja .
He wrote the book "Four Years Closer to Heaven" that describes his experiences in poverty reduction and climate change mitigation in the Andes of Peru.
Education and sports.
Master of Architecture, Bachelor of Science in Architectural Construction, Distinguished Student and member of the Varsity Swimming Team and Cadet Corps at Texas A&M University. Member of the Tau Beta Pi Association. Bachelor of Architecture at the National University of Engineering of Peru and Central University of Venezuela. Registered Architect in Peru and Venezuela. National Swimming Champion of Peru, Backstroke 1965, Southwest Conference NCCA Bronze Medalist 1967. South American Master Swimming Champion in 2004 and 2008.
He has received the "Great Cross Cruceiro do Sul" of Brazil and the Distinguished Services "Comendador" order of Peru.
Winner of the sixth "International Green Award" (2011)–Collaborative Initiative Category for his direction of the Agrorural 240 Million Trees Campaign. In 2011, the same campaign was 8th place in the Honor Roll of the United Nations Environmental Program (UNEP).
He is a Member-Founder of the National Institute of Moringa of Peru.
See also.
List of Peruvian politicians

</doc>
<doc id="36648794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648794" title="Get the Devil Out of Me">
Get the Devil Out of Me

"Get the Devil Out of Me" is a song that was released on the Delain album "We Are the Others". The single has been available for purchase online as of April 13, 2012. Vinyl versions of the single were also given out to fans at the release party for the band's third album, "We Are the Others", with the purchase of the album.
Music video.
The music video for "Get the Devil Out of Me'" was revealed on April 20, 2012. The video features footage from the recording sessions for the new album and live material, including footage from the UK Sonisphere Festival in 2010 used with the permission of BlinkTV.

</doc>
<doc id="36648843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648843" title="Ultras Junoon">
Ultras Junoon

Ultras Junoon is the first ultras group in the UAE that supports the Dubai-based UAE Pro-League football club Al Wasl FC. The Ultras was founded in 2010 by a group of Al Wasl fans. Ultras Junoon raised a tifo for the first time at a match against Al-Wahda S.C.C. on August 27, 2010. The tifo had sheikh Ahmed bin Rashid Al Maktoum's picture on it, he is the owner of Al Wasl FC. Ultras Junoon also supports the Al-Wasl futsal, basketball, and handball teams.
Best banner and pyro displays.
Ultras Junoon is known for its members' banners at both home and away games. The banners are usually hand made a couple of days before the match. One of the best banners was the AL-WASL huge banner that covered nearly half the packed stadium against Al Ain FC in the UAE's Classico. Also Ultras Junoon made one of the best entrances in the UAE Pro-League against Al Jazira FC. Fireworks, yellow smoke bombs and rolls of paper covered the pitch, the match was delayed for 15 minutes to clean it. Ultras Junoon Logo was surrounded by light torches in a friendly game between Al Wasl FC and Hamburger SV.
Even though fireworks, smoke bombs, paper rolls, flags, light torches are not allowed in the UAE Pro-League. Ultras Junoon keeps finding a way to get them in, which leads to many warnings and fines for Al Wasl FC. In season 2011-2012 Al Wasl FC had a total of 6 games moved away from their home to neutral stadiums. Ultras Junoon were not satisfied and protested against these decision in a local derby against Al Nasr SC. Al Wasl fans left the stands in the 20th minute and held a banner in Arabic that translated to " Do you want the stadiums empty like this ? Ultras Junoon are the beauty of UAE Pro-League.
Fan Rivalries.
Al Wasl FC and Al Ain FC are the two most successful clubs in UAE football and it is from here that their rivalry starts. Fan Clashes, rock throwing and car breaking incidents happen every once and a while. Also Al Wasl fans claim that they are loyal supporters while Al Ain fans are paid a small amount of money and a 'kfc meal to support their team. 
Al Wasl FC and Al Nasr SC is another rivalry. This is a local Dubai derby. It is one of the oldest derbies in the UAE Pro-League. Al Wasl fans mock Al Nasr by saying that the penguin is the symbol of al nasr club, and they just hang this symbol during the game against al nasr just to simulate their strength and superiority over their rivals. 
Al Wasl FC's rivalry even extends to Saudi Arabia's Al Nassr FC. This started in the GCC Champions League 2010 Semi-Final in Zabeel Stadium where Al Wasl's fans jumped into the pitch and attacked Al Nassr's Doctor and some Players.

</doc>
<doc id="36648844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648844" title="MEDLI">
MEDLI

MEDLI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36648847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648847" title="Matteo Morandi">
Matteo Morandi

Matteo Morandi (born October 8, 1981) is an Italian artistic gymnast. He was born in Vimercate. He is married and has a daughter. He is a specialist at the rings.
Olympic Games.
He competed at the 2004 games taking 5th place at the Rings, the 2008 games taking 6th place at the Rings, and the 2012 games, in which he won the bronze medal in the Still Rings final. After the 2012 Summer Olympics he said that he will continue until the next Olympics Games in Rio de Janeiro 2016 and hopes to win another medal.
World Championships.
He won four bronze medals in the Rings at these games. The first in Debrecen 2002, Anaheim 2003, Melbourne 2005 and Rotterdam 2010.
European Championships.
In these games he won one gold, one silver and two bronze medals at the Rings. In Lubiana 2004 he won a bronze medal, in Birmingham 2010 a gold medal, in Montpellier 2012 a silver medal and in 2013 Moscow a bronze medal. 

</doc>
<doc id="36648868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648868" title="2012 Rogers Cup – Women's Doubles">
2012 Rogers Cup – Women's Doubles

Liezel Huber and Lisa Raymond were the defending champions but lost to Nadia Petrova and Katarina Srebotnik in the semifinals 6–4, 6–4.<br>
Klaudia Jans-Ignacik and Kristina Mladenovic won the title by defeating Nadia Petrova and Katarina Srebotnik 7–5, 2–6, [10–7] in the final.
Seeds.
The top four seeds receive a bye into the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36648879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648879" title="San Marino national shooting team">
San Marino national shooting team

San Marino national shooting team represent the Republic of San Marino in International shooting competitions such as Olympic Games or World shooting Championships. It provided the highest results in Olympic sports for the small country.
History.
Shooting in San Marino is controlled by "Federazione Sammarinese Tiro a Volo"(for shotgun events) and "Federazione Sammarinese Tiro a Segno" (for rifle and pistol). National shooting team was present in every Olympics Games, in which San Marino have competed (13 participation).
The nation, that have never won an olympic medal, has reached its highest result thanks to a shooting event: Alessandra Perilli's fourth place in Women's trap at London 2012.
San Marino won, indeed, many medals in shooting events at Mediterranean Games and Games of the Small States of Europe, especially thanks to its shotgun athletes.
Results.
Olympics Games.
San Marino reached its best olympic results in shooting: Alessandra Perilli was fourth in Women's Trap in 2012 after an unlucky shoot-off, Emanuela Felici was seventh in the same discipline at Sydney 2000 and Athens 2004, Francesco Amici was seventh in Men's Trap at Athens 2004, while Daniela Del Din was fifteenth in Women's Trap at Beijing 2008.
World Championships.
San Marino gained four bronze medals in ISSF World Shooting Championships. 
Francesco Amici was third in Men's Trap in 1995 World Championships in Nicosia, Cyprus. Daniela Del Din repeated the same result in 2007 World Championships, in Nicosia again.
Men and women teams won two bronze medal in 2010 Championships, in Munich.
Mediterranean Games.
Shooting provided six medals to San Marino in Mediterranean Games.
In 1987 Gian Nicola Berti won the first medal for San Marino with his second place in Men's Trap. Stefano Selva repeated the same result in 1993 games. More recently, in 2005 Daniela Del Din won the first female medal thanks to a second place in Women's Trap, while in 2009 Games the national shooting team gained three medals: gold for Daniela Del Din, silver for Alessandra Perilli and bronze for Francesco Amici, always in trap events.
Games of the Small States of Europe.
San Marino won 35 medals in shooting events at Games of the Small States. In detail:

</doc>
<doc id="36648890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648890" title="Edmund Powell (MP)">
Edmund Powell (MP)

Edmund Powell or Appowell (by 1506-1558/1559), of New Windsor, Berkshire and Sandford-on-Thames, Oxfordshire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Ludgershall in October 1553 and April 1554; and for Oxfordshire 1555.

</doc>
<doc id="36648898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648898" title="Naval Construction Battalion Center (Gulfport, Mississippi)">
Naval Construction Battalion Center (Gulfport, Mississippi)

Naval Construction Battalion Center is a 1,100-acre (445-hectare) U.S. Navy industrial complex located in Gulfport, Mississippi. It serves as home base for the Atlantic Fleet Seabees, which are the Navy's construction battalions.
Mission.
The mission of the Naval Construction Battalion Center (CBC) Gulfport is: 
History.
On June 2, 1942, an Advanced Base Depot was established in Gulfport and the first Seabees arrived. Defense planning during the early years of World War II called for a deep-water port to serve the Caribbean region. Gulfport had the necessary port facility, as well as a semi-tropical climate for year-round training and shipping.
In 1944, the mission of the Center changed to a U.S. Naval Training Center for ratings in basic engineering, diesel engine, radio, quartermaster, and electrician. The Training Center was decommissioned in 1946 and the complex became a storage facility for stockpiling bauxite, tin, copper, sisal and abacá. In 1952, the Naval Storehouse was disestablished and the U.S. Naval Construction Battalion Center was created.
In the mid-1960s, there was an increasing need for naval construction forces in Southeast Asia. To meet that need, the Naval Construction Battalion Center expanded in both military and civilian personnel and continued to serve as a training facility through the latter half of the 20th century. In the first decade of the 21st century, the Center was serving more than 4,000 active duty personnel and their families, plus approximately 1,000 Department of Defense civilian personnel.
External links.
Website Naval Construction Battalion Center Gulfport Retrieved 2012-12-29

</doc>
<doc id="36648927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648927" title="Pedro Mendes">
Pedro Mendes

Pedro Mendes may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36648934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648934" title="Stepanovo">
Stepanovo

Stepanovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Ivanovo Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Ivanovo Oblast bear this name:
Kostroma Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Kostroma Oblast bear this name:
Krasnoyarsk Krai.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Krasnoyarsk Krai bears this name:
Moscow Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, four rural localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Novgorod Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Perm Krai.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Perm Krai bear this name:
Pskov Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Pskov Oblast bear this name:
Ryazan Oblast.
As of 2010, one rural locality in Ryazan Oblast bears this name:
Smolensk Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Smolensk Oblast bear this name:
Tver Oblast.
As of 2010, two rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Udmurt Republic.
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Udmurt Republic bears this name:
Vladimir Oblast.
As of 2010, six rural localities in Vladimir Oblast bear this name:
Vologda Oblast.
As of 2010, nine rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Yaroslavl Oblast.
As of 2010, three rural localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name:

</doc>
<doc id="36648936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648936" title="Lintel (architecture)">
Lintel (architecture)

A lintel can be a load-bearing building component, a decorative architectural element, or a combined ornamented structural item. It is often found over portals, doors, windows, and fireplaces.
Structural uses.
In worldwide architecture of different eras and many cultures, a lintel has been an element of Post and lintel construction. Many different building materials have been used for lintels. A lintel is defined as a structural horizontal block that spans the space or opening between two vertical supports.
In classical western construction methods, defining lintel by its Merriam-Webster definition, a lintel is a load-bearing member and is placed over an entranceway. In ancient Western classical architecture the lintel, called an architrave, is a structural element that is usually rested on stone pillars or stacked stone columns, over a portal or entranceway. An example from the Mycenaean Greece cultural period (c. 1600 BCE – c. 1100 BCE) is the Treasury of Atreus in Mycenae, Greece. It weighs 120 tons, with approximate dimensions 8.3 x 5.2 x 1.2m, one of the largest in the world.
A lintel in a fireplace supports the chimney above the fireplace.
Ornamental uses.
The use of the lintel form as a decorative building element over portals, with no structural function, has been employed in the architectural traditions and styles of most cultures over the centuries.
An example of the ornamental use of lintels are in the Indian rock-cut architecture of Buddhist temples in caves. Preceding prehistoric and subsequent Indian Buddhist temples were wooden buildings with structural load-bearing wood lintels across openings. The rock-cut excavated cave temples were more durable, and the non-load-bearing carved stone lintels allowed creative ornamental uses of classical Buddhist elements. Highly skilled artisans were able to simulate the look of wood, imitating the nuances of a wooden structure and the wood grain in excavating cave temples from monolithic rock.
In freestanding Indian building examples, the Hoysala architecture tradition between the 11th and 14th centuries produced many elaborately carved non-structural stone lintels in the Southern Deccan Plateau region of southern India. The Hoysala Empire era was an important period in the development of art and architectural the South Indian Kannadigan culture. It is remembered today primarily for its Hindu temples' "mandapa", lintels, and other architectural elements, such as at the Chennakesava Temple.
The Maya civilization in the Americas was known for its sophisticated art and monumental architecture. The Mayan city of Yaxchilan, on the Usumacinta River in present day southern Mexico, specialized in the stone carving of ornamental lintel elements within structural stone lintels. The earliest carved lintels were created in 723 CE. At the Yaxchilan archaeological site there are fifty-eight lintels with decorative pieces spanning the doorways of major structures. Among the finest Mayan carving to be excavated are three temple door lintels that feature narrative scenes of a queen celebrating the king's anointing by a god.

</doc>
<doc id="36648937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648937" title="Srobotnik">
Srobotnik

Srobotnik may refer to several places in Slovenia:

</doc>
<doc id="36648954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648954" title="Expedition Foods">
Expedition Foods

Expedition Foods is a company that produces freeze dried dood from the United Kingdom. Its founder, Ian Williams, pioneered the use of high-energy freeze dried meals to supply youth groups taking part in The Duke of Edinburgh's Award expeditions and mountain rescue communities with pre-cooked, ready-to-eat, nutritious expedition meals.
History.
Expedition Foods was founded by Ian Williams in 1995. He was an experienced expedition leader, who sought to research and develop better meals to take on these journeys. In an interview with BBC Yorkshire in 2008 he explained that the only food available was in catering packs and "They were often rich in monosodium glutamate as a preservative, when you live on that food, you do suffer, inside and out. So I started to research products and then when I found myself out of a job in 1995, I took a handshake and I started the business, researching food just for expeditions".
The aim of Expedition Foods was to provide nutritious meals with the most calories in a meal, but in the lightest possible weight as his customers would be carrying all their food with them for many days or weeks, so volume and weight were of the utmost importance. By the time Ian Williams sold the company in 2010 he had developed 19 meals including 800kcal main meals, breakfasts and desserts.
In 2010 Expedition Foods was bought by RacingThePlanet.
Concept.
Expedition Foods meals are freeze-dried (and therefore dehydrated), pre-cooked, nutritious, high-energy, lightweight packets of food with long shelf-lives. It takes less than 10 minutes to re-hydrate a meal with hot water; cold water can also be used, but will take much longer to rehydrate the meal.
Uses.
Experienced expedition leaders, explorers, survival experts, sailors and endurance athletes have used Expedition Foods meals including Ray Mears, Ben Fogle, James Cracknell, Volvo Ocean Race teams Abu Dhabi, China and Richard Branson.

</doc>
<doc id="36648963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648963" title="Korbinian Müller">
Korbinian Müller

Korbinian Müller (born February 6, 1991) is a German footballer who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers.

</doc>
<doc id="36648971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648971" title="Peter Depp">
Peter Depp

Peter Depp (born July 26, 1981) is an American stand-up comedian, gay rights activist, anti-bullying activist, writer, and actor best known for his role in Sundance Channel’s GLAAD Nominated and acclaimed hit show Girls Who Like Boys Who Like Boys. He’s also known for his Huffington Post article, “Being A Gay Dad.”
Early life.
Depp was born July 26, 1981 in Glen Cove, New York, to Sheryl and Gary Depp, a New York Police officer. He has one sister named Stephanie. As a child he struggled with his sexuality. .
Career.
March 1, 2012 Peter and his best friend were featured in Nashville Scene as 2012's Power Couple for the 2012 People Issue.
References.
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm4756865/ IMDB Peter Depp
http://www.sundancechannel.com/blog/2011/10/girls-who-like-boys-who-like-boys-season-2

</doc>
<doc id="36648983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648983" title="Kevin Hingerl">
Kevin Hingerl

Kevin Hingerl (born September 2, 1993) is a German footballer who plays for TSV Buchbach.

</doc>
<doc id="36648984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36648984" title="John William Goff (athlete)">
John William Goff (athlete)

John William Goff, also known as Bill Goff (1925–2009), was an American baseball player for the New York Giants during the 1950s, and a starting pitcher for the Giants for four years. He also served as a player and coach for the St. Louis Cardinals and Giants minor league organizations from 1943-1952. He batted left handed and his batting average was a .263. Throughout his career, he played as a pitcher and threw right handed.
Goff was involved in the development of the first professional women's softball organization, the ABA. In 2005, he was inducted into the St. Louis Amateur Baseball Hall of Fame.
Personal life.
Goff had seven sons and four grandchildren. After retiring from a career in baseball, he worked as an executive in an insurance company. He died in Chesterfield, Missouri on September 13, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36649011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649011" title="Solve Media">
Solve Media

Solve Media (formerly AdCopy) is a privately held CAPTCHA service specializing in challenging users to prove they are human by having them type in the text of an advertiser's brand name which they are calling "type-in advertising". The user challenge is for "skippable pre-roll" advertising in which the user is given the option to type in an slogan of the current advertiser in order to stop the advertisement that would normally play before the content is allowed to start. Advertisers only pay if the user watches the first 30 seconds or more of advertising, foregoing the pre-roll skip challenge. On YouTube, where this is being tried, a range of 20 to 70% with an average 30% of users allow the advertisement to continue entirely even when given the option to skip it with a CAPTCHA challenge.
Founded in 2009 by Ari Jacoby, Todd Lieberman, Stu Libby, and Jeff Weisberg Solve Media is currently implemented on almost 7,000 publishers including Meredith Corporation websites, AOL.com, and Bauer Media Group Websites. In late July 2011, Solve Media was serving 620,000 CAPTCHAs per day. In September 2013, Solve Media served an estimated 230 million CAPTCHAs per month. The company is headquartered in New York and Philadelphia, with offices in Chicago, Los Angeles, Detroit and London.
In September 2012, a study done on their network found that 10% of online traffic comes from bots.
Funding.
Solve Media has gone through three major rounds of funding, the latest of which raised $6M. Investors include First Round Capital, New Atlantic Ventures, AOL Ventures, Bullpen Capital, and several others.
Application.
Solve Media CAPTCHA APIs are available in Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, and ASP.NET. Plug-ins are also available for WordPress, Drupal, vBulletin, phpBB, and more.
2012 Summer Olympics.
In July 2012, Solve Media announced its sponsorship of American weightlifter Sarah Robles and archer Brady Ellison for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
Mobile.
In June 2013, Solve Media optimized its "type-in" CAPTCHA product for mobile applications and mobile web. The launch also revealed a partnership with Songza and Unilever.

</doc>
<doc id="36649013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649013" title="Jur Vrieling">
Jur Vrieling

Jur Vrieling (born July 31, 1969) is a Dutch show jumping rider. He was born in Slochteren. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36649017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649017" title="Beongo Airport">
Beongo Airport

Beongo Airport is an airport serving Beongo, Democratic Republic of the Congo.

</doc>
<doc id="36649018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649018" title="Trade of Innocents">
Trade of Innocents

Trade of Innocents is a 2012 American made thriller independent film written and directed by Christopher Bessette, and starring Dermot Mulroney, Mira Sorvino, John Billingsley, Trieu Tran.
"Trade of Innocents" was shot on location in Bangkok, Thailand. The film will look to bring awareness and involvement to work against human trafficking.
Plot.
In the back streets of a tourist town in present-day Southeast Asia, we find a filthy cinder block room; a bed with soiled sheets; a little girl waits for the next man to use her. Alex, a human trafficking investigator plays the role of her next customer as he negotiates with the pimp for the use of the child. Claire, Alex's wife, is caught up in the flow of her new life in Southeast Asia and her role as a volunteer in an aftercare shelter for rescued girls. She, and Alex both still are dealing with their grief of losing a child years earlier. As both of them struggle in their own way to overcome the pain of their past and realities of child exploitation where they now live and work, they find themselves being pulled together into the lives of local neighborhood girls, whose freedom and dignity are threatened.
Production.
Development.
The inspiration of "Trade of Innocents" came from a combination of the experience of the director (Christopher Bessette) and his trip to Phnom Penh, and the producers Bill and Laurie Bolthouse experience on their trip Phnom Penh. Christopher Bessette and Bill and Laurie later came together to make the film.
Mira Sorvino has a longtime interest in supporting the cause of ending human trafficking. When asked about being in Trade of Innocents she said that "I felt it could be a powerful combination of my activist efforts and my artistic ventures."
Release.
In January 2011, Monterey Media acquired the United States and Canada distribution rights for the film from Bicycle Peddler LLC.
Festivals.
"Trade of Innocents" was selected to screen at the following film festivals:
Theatrical release.
The film will begin its theatrical released in on October 5 at the Quad Cinema in New York.
Critical Reception.
The film received a positive reaction from Entertainment Tonight calling it a "powerful and important new film". Media Mike's also called the film "a rare gem that will probably not be seen by many but it really deserves mainstream shot."

</doc>
<doc id="36649032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649032" title="Winchcombe (disambiguation)">
Winchcombe (disambiguation)

Winchcombe is a town in Gloucestershire, England.
Winchcombe may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36649034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649034" title="List of Armenian Olympic medalists">
List of Armenian Olympic medalists

Due to historical and political reasons, only a small portion of Armenian athletes and athletes of Armenian descent have competed for Armenia. Armenian kings Tiridates III and Varazdat were recorded as champions in the Ancient Olympic Games. The first Armenians to participate in modern Olympics were Mkrtich Mkryan and Vahram Papazyan from the Ottoman Empire. Both competed in athletics at the 1912 Stockholm Games. The first Armenian to win a medal was Hal Haig Prieste, a son of Armenian immigrants, who won a bronze medal in diving at the 1920 Antwerp Games for the United States. Soviet Armenian gymnast Hrant Shahinyan became the first Armenian gold medalist of the modern Olympics in 1952.
From 1952 to 1988, most Armenian athletes represented the Soviet Union. Although Armenia became an independent state in 1991, during the 1992 Barcelona Games Armenia and other former Soviet states (except the Baltic states) were part of the Unified Team. The National Olympic Committee of Armenia was founded in 1990 and became an International Olympic Committee member in 1993. Since the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, the Republic of Armenia participates separately, but still some Armenian athletes compete under foreign flags, including athletes who migrated because of the economic crisis in the country in 1990s.
Ancient Olympic Games.
One of the most prominent Armenian kings, Tiridates III, who is best known for adopting Christianity as Armenia's state religion in 301, became a champion in wrestling in the 265th Olympics in 265 at age 22-23.
King of Armenia Varazdat (Varasdates) from the Arsacid dynasty, who reigned between 374 and 378, is the last known champion of the Ancient Olympic Games. He became a champion in fisticuffs at the 291st Olympic Games in 385 A.D., seven years after leaving the Armenian throne.

</doc>
<doc id="36649036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649036" title="Abhimanyu Rajp">
Abhimanyu Rajp

Abhimanyu Rajp (born 8 March 1986) is an Indian born American cricketer. Rajp is a right-arm off-spin bowler and a right handed batsman. Rajp currently represents the United States national cricket team.
Career.
Early years.
Rajp was born in Ludhiana, Punjab, India. Along with being primarily a right-handed off-spinner he is also a handy batsman. He started playing cricket professionally at an early age and represented his city Ludhiana at the U-14 and U-16 district levels. Later, Rajp, who was 14 at the time, along with his family moved to the United States of America in the year 2000. Rajp, quickly took over the Under-19 cricket scene in the USA and became one of the All-stars of the country by 2004. Soon after, he was labelled as one to watch for the future by various critics in the USA cricket circuit.
Under-19 career.
Rajp captained the Southern California Cricket Association's Under-19 team from its creation in 2002 till 2006. He was also the captain of USA's South West Region Under-19 team from 2004 to 2006, which participates in the annual USA National Under-19 Tournaments. He was part of the first generation of USA cricketers in the Under-19 structure of USA that started with the first Under-19 National Tournament in 2004. Rajp went on to make the national under-19 team in 2005.
Rajp first represented the United States national cricket team at the ICC Americas Under-19 Championship in 2005 against Canada, Bermuda, Cayman Islands and Argentina. Rajp was particularly successful against Bermuda, taking 5 for 7, due to which Bermuda was all out for a rather small target of 87 and USA coasted to victory by eight wickets. The very next day, Rajp took another five-for (5 for 45), against Argentina in a seven-wicket victory before USA registered its final victory of the tour against Cayman Islands to seal a sweep of the tournament and made history by clinching a spot in the 2006 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup for the first time, in Sri Lanka. At that tournament, Rajp became the first American cricketer to become the MVP of any U-19 tournament involving USA. He grabbed the best bowler of the tournament and two man of the match awards. Rajp ended the tournament with a tournament-high 11 wickets in four games and marked his arrival.
Rajp's first major test came in the form of the 2006 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka, in which he was promoted to be the vice-captain of the United States Under-19 cricket team due to his performances at the ICC Americas Under-19 Championship and National Under-19 Tournaments. He had a successful World Cup campaign and finished the tournament as one of the leading wicket takers for the US and also landed himself in the top 10 wicket takers for the entire tournament, in number of wickets taken. His most notable performance came against an ICC full-member nation, New Zealand, when he took the first (and the only till date) five-wicket haul for the USA against a full member nation. United States of America Cricket Association's administration problems soon after the 2006 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup resulted in a two-year ban imposed by cricket's governing body, International Cricket Council. Rajp's name slowly faded away on the national circuit and was off the radar for the next few years before making his resurgence in 2010.
USA Domestic Cricket.
Rajp has been one of the top players in the USA domestic cricket circuit for a number of years. He plays in the Southern California Cricket Association, which is based in Los Angeles, California and represents the South West Region in USA National Cricket Tournaments. He has had a good showing in domestic tournaments with the most recent being the best bowler at the 2010 Western Conference, where he also created a national level record, which stands till date, for taking 7 wickets in one innings, at a national tournament game against the Central East region. Later he went on to become the best bowler for the second time in a calendar year and this time it was at the 2010 United States Senior National tournament. Following solid domestic performances, and a good Under-19 record at the highest level, Rajp, was called for national trials in 2012 to earn a spot in the United States national cricket team. He would later go one to make the USA National Squad in 2012.
International career.
Rajp made his debut in 2012 when he was selected as to be a part of the United States national cricket team at the 2012 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier in the UAE in March 2012. He debuted in style against Italy when he took a wicket with his very first delivery and scored an unbeaten 14 runs off 9 balls in a match that USA lost by 8 runs.
Rajp had a very successful debut tournament, finishing at the top in the wickets department for his team and in the top ten on the list of highest wicket takers for the entire tournament (in number of wickets taken). Following his performances with the ball he was also the one of the best fielder in his team, with team high 6 catches, and finished the tournament in the Top Three (in amount of fielding dismissals).
Awarding his success at the 2012 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier, his debut tour for the Senior national team, the selectors picked Rajp as one of the members of the United States national cricket team for the 2012 ICC World Cricket League Division Four which took place from 3 to 10 September 2012 in Malaysia. The United States national cricket team was successful in gaining promotion to 2013 ICC World Cricket League Division Three to be held in Bermuda from 28 April to 5 May 2013. Rajp, who once again finished as one of the top wicket takers for USA in the Twenty20 however, was not chosen to be a part of that team traveling to Bermuda for Division Three, 50 over format, Following a spree of changes in the USA Squad after the team's successful triumph in the 2013 ICC World Cricket League Americas Region Twenty20 Division One where USA swept the whole tournament to gain qualification for the 2013 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier in the UAE. Rajp again finished as one of the top wicket takes for USA in that tournament as well.
Later in 2013, Rajp traveled with the USA Squad to Toronto, Canada for the 2013 edition of the Auty Cup (annual fixture vs Canada) and was hailed by critics as one of the stand out performers for the USA. Although, his aggressive bowling as not enough for the USA to win the Auty Cup title, it surely helped his case to become a regular fixture in the USA squad.

</doc>
<doc id="36649037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649037" title="Maikel van der Vleuten">
Maikel van der Vleuten

Maikel van der Vleuten (born 10 February 1988) is a Dutch show jumping rider. He was born in Geldrop. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36649041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649041" title="Edward O'Grady">
Edward O'Grady

Edward O'Grady (born 1949) is an Irish National Hunt trainer. He has had many winners in both Ireland and the UK and is the third most successful Irish trainer at Cheltenham training 18 winners.
Early life.
O'Grady left veterinary college in Dublin to take over at Killen Stables following his father's death in 1973. His father, Willie, was a top jump jockey and twice Irish Champion Jockey in 1934 and 1935. O'Grady had his first winner when Timmy Hyde saddled Vibrax in a Handicap Hurdle in Gowran Park. Following this success a virus struck all of his 18 horses causing many owners to leave him. In 1974 O’Grady had his first Cheltenham Festival winner when Mouse Morris rode Mr. Midland to victory.
Gay Future.
In 1974 Gay Future, a horse trained by O'Grady, was involved in an attempted coup by an Irish betting syndicate in 1974 in which another horse was substituted for the real Gay Future. O'Grady was one of four people arrested during the police investigation but the charges against him were dropped.
Golden Cygnet.
O'Grady soon became established as the leading national hunt trainer in Ireland, and Golden Cygnet became the stable star. O'Grady named Golden Cygnet as the most naturally talented horse he had trained. Golden Cygnet won the Supreme Novice Hurdle in Cheltenham in 1978. The following month he died after a fall in the Scottish Champion Hurdle at Ayr. Further tragedy struck the stable when the J.P. McManus owned Shining Flame broke a leg at Tramore Racecourse less than two weeks after capturing the Galway Plate. Nevertheless, O'Grady went on to become leading trainer in 1979.
Galway success.
Following Shining Flame's victory in 1978 O'Grady went on to win three Galway Plates in four years, with Hind Hope and Rugged Lucy winning in 1979 and 1981 respectively. Hard Tarquin's victory in the 1979 Galway Hurdle made him only the fifth trainer to win both "big races" in the same year.
Drumlargan.
Drumlargan won the 1983 Whitbread Gold Cup, which O'Grady described as "the most memorable win of my career". In the same year Bit of a Skite proved victorious in the Irish Grand National.
1990s and 2000s.
Sound Man won two successive Tingle Creek Chases (1995 and 1996), and Blitzkrieg captured the Victor Chandler Chase in 1991. Sacundai, with Ruby Walsh aboard, captured the Martell Cognac Aintree Hurdle in 2003. In the same year, Back In Front won the Supreme Novices' Hurdle at Cheltenham and the Evening Herald Novice Hurdle at Punchestown. More recent success came in 2009 when Tranquil Sea ridden by Andrew McNamara became the first Irish Horse since Bright Highway in 1980 to win the Paddy Power Gold Cup at Cheltenham.

</doc>
<doc id="36649045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649045" title="Parable (film)">
Parable (film)

Parable is a 1964 American short Christian film written and directed by Rolf Forsberg, made for the Lutheran Council and became popular when first screened at the 1964 New York World's Fair in 1964, and again in 1965 at the Protestant Pavilion. The film depicts Christ as a clown and the world as a circus and is considered both a revolutionary Christian film and one which proved to be influential. 
In 2012, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Plot.
The film "Parable" is presented through action and music alone and has no dialogue. It tells the story of handful of people working in an old fashioned circus under the rule of Magnus, a puppeteer who strings up human beings as living marionettes and controls their every move. Christ (Clarence Mitchell) is represented as a clown dressed in white, riding atop a donkey. The clown travels around the circus helping people with their problems and gaining followers until he finally takes the place of Magnus's human puppets and is strung up and murdered. Transformed by the clown's sacrifice, Magnus smears his face with white greasepaint and takes the clown's place on the donkey as Christ resurrected.
Production.
"Parable" was shot in 1964 at The Circus World Museum in Baraboo, Wisconsin. It was written and directed by Rolf Forsberg with an additional directing credit given to Tom Rook and producer credit to Fred Niles. The cast include Saeed Jaffrey, Madhur Jaffrey, Tom Erhart, and Clarence Mitchell. It is 20 minutes long and was shot on 35mm color film. Production company credit goes to the Fred A. Niles Communications Centers Inc. of Chicago; and the film is distributed through the Council of Churches of the City of New York.
Topic background.
The origins of Christian media in America goes back to live performances of the "Passion Play", the story of the final days of Jesus Christ from The Last Supper to his sacrifice and resurrection, performed by traveling acting troupes that often included a menagerie of animals. Upon the introduction of silent movies, Biblical films, like "The Passion Play of Oberammergau" of 1898 which was based on the 1634 Oberammergau Passion Play, "From the Manger to the Cross" in 1912, and Cecil B DeMille’s "King of Kings" in 1927 helped to make Bible stories a popular cinematic subject. Other Christian films that were non-biblical in nature included Missionary movies, and Evangelical ministry films. During the early 20th Century many of America's ministers and Christian religious leaders condemned Hollywood as a “cesspool”, saying that watching movies was a sin. During the 1960s a small corner of Christian filmmaking underwent a transformation from presenting static lectures, proselytizing, and presenting "sentimental" treatments of Bible stories, to becoming art films meant to evoke personal revelations about God in the viewer. Rolf Forsberg’s "Parable" was one such film, portraying Christ as a clown and the world as a circus.
Recognition.
The film gained artistic accolades at its premiere at in the Protestant Pavilion at the 1964 New York World's Fair In the years that followed, "Parable" won numerous awards including a Gold Lion from the Venice International Film Festival, a Hugo from the Chicago International Film Festival, and a citation from Cannes. This helped set the stage for a movement in Christian filmmaking that would strive to connect to the viewers on an artistic level instead of simply preaching.
Less than a decade after "Parable" was released, the figure of Christ portrayed as a clown was reprised in the musical "Godspell", which the author said was inspired by the film "Parable". Rolf Forsberg continued to make artistically inspired Christian films until he teamed up with Hal Lindsey in 1978 to write and direct the dramatic sequences in the apocalyptic movie "The Late Great Planet Earth", which became one of the top grossing films to back up their predication. In response to numerous inquries for the film, it was re-released by EcuFilm on the movie's 40th anniversary in 2004.
In 2012, "Parable" was inducted into the National Film Registry of The Library of Congress as a historic film that helped to shape American culture.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="36649063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649063" title="Techonomy Media">
Techonomy Media

Techonomy Media Inc. is an American conference and media company founded in 2011 and headquartered in New York, NY. Techonomy organizes the annual invitation-only thought leadership Techonomy conference, which focuses on how the accelerating advancement of technology is transforming business and can help address the world's pressing needs. It is led by David Kirkpatrick (author), a former technology editor of Fortune. Business and tech executives such as Bill Gates of Microsoft, and Ray Kurzweil and Eric Schmidt of Google have all participated. Its current advisory board consists of Marc Benioff of Salesforce, Jack Dorsey of Twitter and Square, Reid Hoffman of LinkedIn, and Padmasree Warrior of Cisco, among others.
Background.
Techonomy's name combines "technology" and "economy" to suggest that technology is entwined with society. The company's events and media generally argue that tech, if applied productively, can result in tremendous social progress. The company's programs discuss how businesses in almost every industry are faced with the choice of adapting to take advantage of technology or being rendered extinct as the pace of change quickens.
The first Techonomy conference, in 2010, was organized by a partnership that included Kirkpatrick along with former Fortune editors Peter Petre and Brent Schlender, as well as Michael Christman and Carrie Van Heyst. Techonomy Media was created in early 2011 to continue the annual conference and develop editorial content, including video journalism. Simone Ross, former program director for Fortune’s conference division, served as program director for the initial Techonomy conference in 2010, and co-founded Techonomy Media as COO and Chief Program Officer for the company. Michael Federle also was a co-founder of the company. Forbes Media, which includes Forbes and Forbes.com, became a minority investor in the company in July 2011.
Website Content.
Techonomy also publishes articles and content on its website.

</doc>
<doc id="36649076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649076" title="Zainab Hameed">
Zainab Hameed

Zainab Hameed (Urdu:زینب حمید) is an award-winning Pakistani student and international debater. She is 15 years old and is a student of Karachi Grammar School. She first came into limelight on 7 July 2012 by winning the Debate#World Karl Popper Debate Championships 2012.
Each year, the International Debate Education Association (IDEA) hosts an annual Youth Forum, during which the World Karl Popper Debate Championships are held. Nations from all around the world attend this Forum for the tournament, as well as the 2-week debate training camp. This Year IDEA Karl Popper Debate Championship was held from 2 Jul 2012 - 6 Jul 2012 in León, Guanajuato Mexico. This year's topic for the KPDC finals was:
"Guantanamo Bay prison should be closed down immediately" .
Zainab Hameed also took part in it and was in Team Pakistan along with Azeem Liaquat and Ahmed Shujaan. They were on the affirmative side of the debate topic and were defending the motion. Team Pakistan won the KPDC 2012 by defeating Korea in the final round. Zainab Hameed finished the debate tournament as the top speaker of KPDC 2012. According to the debaters final rankings issued by IDEBATE; she was ranked at first position out of the 200 contestants from all over the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36649082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649082" title="Tjaskers in Friesland">
Tjaskers in Friesland

A Tjasker is a type of small drainage windmill used in the Netherlands. There are thirteen tjaskers remaining in Friesland.
Locations.
Allingawier.
<br>
The paaltjasker was built in 1970 in Allingawier and is part of the "Aldfaers Erf Route", a route along museums in Allingawier, Exmorra and Piaam.
The tjasker has four Common sails, which have a span of and can pump water in a circuit. The tjasker is owned by "Stichting Aldfears Erf" and can be visited when the museum is open. The name is derived from the nearby farmhouse, also part of the museum, called "De izeren kou" ().
Augustinusga.
<br>
The boktjasker was at first located near Blessum where it drained a meadow. It was replaced by a metal windpump in 1954 and donated to the "Friese Maatschappij voor de Landbouw" who restored it and erected it near Ryptsjerk though without making it functional. It was moved again in 1972 and now drains some plots of meadow north of Augustinusga. After 1972 it was also restored in 1988 and 2012. It is one of only three remaining "boktjaskers". The Common sails have a span of . The tjasker is owned by municipally Achtkarspelen and can be easily reached on foot from the public road.
Bolsward.
<br>
This paaltjasker was built in 1976 near a nursing home in Bolsward by the cousins Smid of Giethoorn who took over the assignment from well known tjasker builder R. W. Dijksma after his death. Though restored in 1988 it has since fallen into disrepair and is not in working order. The Common sails have a span of . Municipally Súdwest Fryslân is the owner.
Elsloo/Tronde.
<br>
The paaltjasker was built around the end of the 19th century. It was rediscovered by association Vesuvius from Elsloo and restored to working order in 1978. Since then it is owned by Stichting De Fryske Mole and used to pump water into nature reserve De 'Stobbepoel'. The tjasker is listed as Rijksmonument number 386197. The Common sails are stored indoors during winter.
Grou.
<br>
The paaltjasker was built in 2001 by S. Wobbes from Warstiens and erected by the owner E. Liezenga at his campsite near Grou.
It Heidenskip.
<br>
The paaltjasker was built in 1915 by R.W. Dijksma as requested by farmer J. Noordenbos. It is the only tjasker in the Netherlands that has remained functional in its original location. It is situated between Workum and It Heidenskip and is in full working order. The tjasker has four Common sails, which have a span of and can drain a plot of meadow land. The mill is private property and operated by volunteer millers.
Nij Beets.
<br>
The paaltjasker was built in 2002 by a group of volunteers for open air museum "It Damshûs" in Nij Beets. The museum shows aspects of the former peat industry and the mill can be used to regulate the water level in the peat extraction pit. The tjasker can be visited during opening hours of the museum.
Nijetrijne.
<br>
The boktjasker was at first built in 1967 and drained nature reserve "De Bonne Brekken" in Wijckel. It was damaged in a storm in 2001 and dismantled. The remnants were left in storage until the mill was restored in 2007 and re-erected in nature reserve De Rottige Meenthe. The tjasker is owned by Staatsbosbeheer and pumps water between two former peat extraction pits. The four Common sails have a span of . It is one of only three remaining "boktjaskers".
Tijnje.
<br>
The paaltjasker was built in 1973 by R.W. Dijksma as the fifth in a 'new' series of post-war tjaskers and placed in nature reserve De Deelen, east of Tijnje. The mill is owned by Staatsbosbeheer and can be used to pump water into the nature reserve. The four symmetrical Common sails have a span of and are covered by wooden slats in stead of sail cloth.
Veenwouden.
<br>
The paaltjasker was built for Staatsbosbeheer in 1975. Tjaskerbuilder Roelof Dijksma died during its construction and the mill was finished by the cousins Smid. It lost its function and was dismantled and restored in 1996 but not re-erected until 2005 in the same nature reserve "De Houtwiel" near Veenwouden but in a different location. Though operational it has no real function, in stead it pumps water in a circuit. The four Common sails have a span of .
Wergea.
<br>
The paaltjasker was built by owner Sieds Wobbes in 1996 and is located at his home in Warstiens near Wergea. Though operational it has no real function, in stead it pumps water in a circuit.
Wijckel.
<br>
The paaltjasker was built in 1975 for Staatsbosbeheer to pump water into nature reserve "De Zandpoel" near Wijckel. The windshaft has an extra support bearing just above the Archimedes' screw. The mill is located near a small rest stop on the N359 road between Lemmer and Sondel.

</doc>
<doc id="36649136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649136" title="Saskia Hampele">
Saskia Hampele

Saskia Hampele is an Australian actress. She began her acting career in 1997 when she appeared in "The Gift". Hampele worked as a counselor at The Reach Foundation and the Royal Children's Hospital, while pursuing her acting career. She appeared in the 2008 mockumentary "Mark Loves Sharon" and the two feature films "Arctic Blast" and "Blame" in 2010. The following year, Hampele made a guest appearance in "City Homicide" and began starring in an online series called "Shutterbugs". 2012 saw Hampele appear in the film "6 Plots" and join the cast of soap opera "Neighbours" as Georgia Brooks.
Early and personal life.
While Hampele's main focus is acting, she writes her own songs and plays the guitar and piano. Hampele's mother is a musician and she revealed that she had access to "every instrument under the sun" when she was younger. She stated that she would like to make a solo record in the future. Hampele's hobbies include cooking and travelling. Hampele is in a relationship with television presenter Kayne Tremills.
Career.
Hampele began her acting career in 1997, while she was in primary school. She appeared in children's television series "The Gift" as well as other local television productions. Hampele qualified as a social worker and worked as a counsellor at The Reach Foundation and the Royal Children's Hospital cancer ward, while continuing with her acting career. Hampele told Gary Dudak of Mandatory.com "The psychology aspect of my studies has actually been a massive help when it comes to analyzing and exploring new characters, so even though I'm not using my degree directly anymore, it's still really helpful." Hampele's next television role occurred in 2008 when she appeared as Beth in the six part mockumentary, "Mark Loves Sharon".
Hampele appeared in two Australian feature films in 2010. She played Dr Zoe Quinn in Brian Trenchard-Smith's disaster film "Arctic Blast". She then appeared as Alice in "Blame", which was shown at the Melbourne International Film Festival, the Cannes Film Festival and the Toronto International Film Festival. 2011 saw Hampele appear in a supporting role in crime drama "City Homicide". The actress also became involved in an online comedy "Shutterbugs". The series, which focuses on a photographer and her best friend trying to get the perfect shot, was showcased at the LAWebFest in Los Angeles.
In 2012, Hampele starred in the film "6 Plots" as Sophie Halms, which had its world premiere at the Cannes Film Festival. On 1 August 2012, it was announced Hampele had joined the cast of "Neighbours" in the regular role of Georgia Brooks, the cousin of established character Toadfish Rebecchi (Ryan Moloney). Hampele revealed that when her agent called to tell her about the role, she was in the Kakadu National Park with her boyfriend. She was then asked to record an "impromptu" audition tape to send to the "Neighbours" producers. Hampele commented "Yeah, it was really funny. The backdrop of the audition is outback Australia, a far cry from Ramsay Street." Hampele made her first screen appearance as Georgia in October.

</doc>
<doc id="36649144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649144" title="Morton's List">
Morton's List

Morton's List is a game published by Dark Carnival Games, LLC. It is a "Random Reality" game in which players participate in a randomly generated task or activity.
Description.
Morton's List is presented as a 402-page book. A "Table Master" is randomly selected from among the players to lead the game and arbitrate disagreements. Assembled players take an oath to spend at least an hour participating in the yet-to-be-determined task, which unlike other roleplaying games is not an imaginary or simulated activity, but a real-world mission. The Table Master rolls a 30-sided die to choose one of 360 possible "Quests." The players then discuss how to interpret and execute the Quest. During this discussion the players are encouraged to use creativity to find not only a viable interpretation, but one which is both fun for all players, and in accordance with the moral code of all players.
Controversy.
Morton's List claims to include any possible activity that people might do for fun. As such, it includes directives that might be interpreted as encouraging illegal or dangerous activities such as "vigilantism, real life spell casting, and to experiment with potentially illegal substances." For this reason the game was banned from Gen Con, one of the largest toy and game trade shows in the United States. Morton's List players have been arrested while doing their Quests.
Connection with Insane Clown Posse.
One of the game's three creators, Robert Bruce, is the older brother of Violent J of the rap group Insane Clown Posse. Bruce has appeared as a rapper, Jumpsteady, on ICP albums and has served as vice president of the band's record label, Psychopathic Records. Because of this connection, the game has been frequently promoted to the band's fan base, including their annual music festival, the Gathering of the Juggalos.
Withdrawal.
Physical copies of the book were withdrawn from sale at the end of 2012. The official website now features a freely downloadable version of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="36649171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649171" title="Denis Earp">
Denis Earp

Lieutenant General Denis John Earp SSA SD SOE SM (Bloemfontein, born 7 June 1930) was a South African military commander, who held the post of Chief of the South African Air Force. 
He attended Military College in 1948 and joined the SAAF in 1950. After qualifying as a pilot served in Korea with 2 Squadron SAAF. He was forced to bale out over enemy territory and was a POW for 23 months. 
Attended Grey College, Bloemfontein.
His son was a helicopter pilot who was killed in the Border War in 1982
He served as Chief of the Air Force from 1984 to 1988

</doc>
<doc id="36649174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649174" title="Renal stone formation in space">
Renal stone formation in space

Renal stone formation and passage during space flight can potentially pose a severe risk to crew member health and safety and could affect mission outcome. While the renal stones are routinely and successfully treated on Earth, the occurrence of these during space flight can prove to be problematic.
Causes and countermeasures.
Causes.
Several factors contribute to the formation of renal stones in space. Dietary changes, bone metabolism, dehydration, increased salt intake as well as decreased urine volumes and increased urine saturation are all possible causes of renal stone formation. It has been noted that spaceflight-induced changes in urine biochemistry are conducive for stone formation.
Other possible causes include:
The most common renal stone is calcium oxalate and is usually caused by treatable metabolic disorders of hypercalcuria (increased calcium levels in the urine). These stones cause pain with passage and blockage and have been known to recur.
Uric acid stones have similar characteristics as the calcium oxalate stones, but occur much more rarely (approximately 5% of all renal stones). Since they are translucent, they cannot be seen by radiographs.
Struvite stones are generated by infections of urease-containing microorganisms that are capable of hydrolyzing the urea in the urine to carbon dioxide and ammonia. Struvite stones can form when urinary pH rises above 7.2, can fill the renal collection system, and can erode into the renal tissue.
Cystine stones, caused by hereditary cystinuria, begin forming in childhood and can grow large enough to fill the renal collection system.
Calcium phosphate stones, or otherwise called brushite, are caused by high urine pH and a supersaturation of calcium phosphate salt in the urine.
Countermeasures.
It is more cost effective to prevent stone formation during a mission than is it to treat it. Increased fluid intake will increase urine volume and dilute the stone-forming salts to below the upper risk levels. Avoiding foods that are high in fat and high in oxalate (nuts, pepper, chocolate, rhubarb, spinach, dark green vegetables, fruits) can help reduce hyperoxaluria (excessive urinary excretion of oxalate). Reducing the amount of meats and other purine-containing foods suppresses hyperuricosuria (increased amounts of uric acid in the urine).
Oral alkali (such as potassium citrate) raises the urine's pH and helps suppress calcium oxalate crystal formation. This also works by binding the calcium to form calcium citrate (a crystal growth and aggregation inhibitor). Studies have also shown an additive effect of potassium citrate. The ingestion of potassium citrate has been associated with increased bone density as well as the prevention of bone loss by providing an alkali load averting the bone resorbing effect of sodium chloride excess. Potassium citrate has also been shown to reduce bone loss in postmenopausal women and also improves calcium balance in patients with distal renal tubular acidosis
On the ground.
Bed rest studies are used as ground-based analogs to space flight environments. During these studies, the rate of bone loss and subsequent urine composition are similar to those observed in space. A recent ground-based study tested the effectiveness of potassium-magnesium citrate (similar to the currently used potassium citrate) as a countermeasure for renal stones.
Computer based simulations.
The Integrated Medical Model (IMM) group at Glenn Research Center in Ohio has been analyzing and optimizing data gathered on renal stone formation since late 2008.
In space.
Since the risk of renal stone formation could, as has, result in the loss of a crew member to a mission, regular testing is conducted. To date, there has been only one inflight instance of renal stone formation (described in detail in Valentin Lebedev's book, "Diary of a Cosmonaut: Two hundred eleven days in space").
Skylab.
The Skylab missions were the first missions that extended past several days in duration. Testing during these missions showed that calcium excretion increased early in flight and almost exceeded the upper threshold for normal excretion.
Shuttle missions.
Investigations of environmental and biochemical renal stone formation risk factors on short and long duration Shuttle missions showed that an increased risk of calcium oxalate and uric acid stone formation was evident immediately post-flight. Nutrition, urinary pH and volume output were found to be the largest contributing factors for these formations. During longer Shuttle missions, the risk for stone formation rapidly increases throughout the mission and persists after landing.
Figures 4-2a and 4-2b show the relative risks of stone formation in a representative crewmember of a space shuttle flight. A retrospective medical chart review for stone formation in U.S. astronauts reported that 12 different astronauts reported 14 cases of renal stone formations with 9 of those instances occurring in the postflight period.
Shuttle-Mir missions.
Data gathered during 129 to 208 day Shuttle-Mir missions suggest that the spaceflight environment and subsequent return to Earth change the composition of the astronauts' urine and promoted the formation of renal stones. This data shows that there was an increased risk for calcium oxalate and calcium phosphate stones during flight, and an increased risk for calcium oxalate and uric acid stones immediately after flight. This post-flight stone development could be attributed to low urine volumes and higher urinary pH.
International Space Station (ISS).
Flight experiment 96-E057, "Renal stone risk during spaceflight: Assessment and countermeasure evaluation", was conducted on Expeditions 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 11, 12, 13, and 14. The aim of this experiment was to evaluate the in-flight effectiveness of potassium citrate as a countermeasure against the formation of renal stones during long duration space flight. The results of this experiment described the renal stone forming potential in crewmembers as a function of time in space as well as the stone forming potential during the postflight period.
Future exploration missions.
Exploration missions pose an extra threat to mission outcome and crewmember health and safety due to the longer duration of the mission as well as the greater distances traveled. Since acute illness caused by the formation and passage of renal stones could cause the loss of a crewmember to a mission, it is critical that valid countermeasures are put in place before exploration missions begin.
Table 4-4 outlines specific scenarios and time considerations for exploration missions.

</doc>
<doc id="36649178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649178" title="Ramzy Al-Duhami">
Ramzy Al-Duhami

Ramzy Al Duhami (born 5 January 1972) is a Saudi Arabian show jumping rider. He was born in Riyadh. He competed at the 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008, and the 2012 Summer Olympics, where he was awarded a Bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36649212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649212" title="Marco Borciani">
Marco Borciani

Marco Borciani (born 7 December 1975 in Desenzano del Garda) is a retired Italian motorcycle racer, 
now motorcycle racing team owner and manager.
Racing career.
Borciani started racing in the Italian Sport Production Championship, gaining eighth place in 1994, and fourth in 1995. He then moved to the Italian Honda GP 125 championship in 1996, while still continuing with rounds of the Sport Production series.
In 1997 he debuted in the European 125cc Championship, and took part in the final round of the 125 cc World Championship. Throughout the 1998 season he competed for the European 125 cc title against Marco Melandri, but after an accident and resultant damage to his hand, his season ended early with three rounds to complete.
In 1999 he raced in the World Supersport Championship, competing on a Honda CBR600F4, gaining a single point at the Nürburgring.
From 2000 to 2007, he competed in the Superbike World Championship:
From the 2003 season, he also raced in part of the Italian-national CIV Superbike championship, coming tenth in both 2003 and 2004. He returned to CIV Superbike from the 2006 season, joining the works Ducati team for two seasons.
BRC Racing.
In the 2005 season, Borciani had started his own BRC Racing team, managing other riders competing in series from junior Italian-based series, through WSBK and Superstock.
Having been released from the CIV Superbike Ducati-works team, he raced his own privateer Ducati in the 2008 series coming eighth, and the 2009 series, coming fourth.
Due to the 2008 global financial crisis, for the 2010 season the team merged with Guandalini Racing to create PATA B&G Racing.

</doc>
<doc id="36649245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649245" title="Battle of Rovno">
Battle of Rovno

The Battle of Rovno was a World War II battle between remnant forces of the German XIII Army Corps and the Red Army in and around the Ukrainian city of Rovno on 2 February 1944. Army Group South had instructed XIII Corps to establish new defensive positions on the Sdolbuno-Uscie-Rovno-Zolotyov line to close the open left flank of the Army Group and delay the advancing Red Army. The Soviet advance was part of the Korsun–Shevchenkovsky Offensive. The Soviet 13th and 60th Armies moved through gaps in the defensive line, surrounding the few German forces within the city. The remaining German forces capitulated on 5 February 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="36649250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649250" title="Ilyas Khan">
Ilyas Khan

Ilyas Khan (born 1962) is a British philanthropist and merchant banker. He is married to Mara Hotung, daughter of Eric Hotung and great-granddaughter of Sir Robert Hotung.
Early life.
Ilyas Tariq Khan was raised in Lancashire (North West England). His grandparents emigrated to Britain in the 1930s. His early schooling was in the old Lancashire Pennine mill towns of Haslingden and then Accrington. Khan represented his schools in both football and rugby and left Lancashire when he gained admission to university.
When Khan was at the University of London’s School of Oriental and African Studies, he stayed at Netherhall House, an Opus Dei student hall of residence. Although he was born a Muslim, he was largely cared for in his early childhood by a grandmother who was Catholic, and whilst at Netherhall House he became interested in Catholicism and was intellectually engaged by the work of 20th century theologian Hans Urs von Balthasar and also by the writings of John Henry Newman.
Background and Career.
Khan, a philanthropist, is a merchant banker by training and started his career at the London firm of J. Henry Schroder Wagg & Co. Ltd. He was also the owner of the famous English football team Accrington Stanley and is its Patron and the founder and publisher of the Asia Literary Review.
Since 2009 Khan has been chairman of the prominent British charity Leonard Cheshire Disability (LCD) — the largest organization of its kind in the world, with a presence in over 50 countries. In 2013 Khan, as Chairman of LCD, took park in the Dambuster Le Court to Lossiemoth Run.
He is a Fellow of the University of Cambridge attached to the Judge Business School. His special interests include philanthropy and Wittgenstein, and he is a member of the British Wittgenstein Society. In addition to guest lecturing at the Judge Business School he is a regular public speaker on a variety of subjects and popular as an after dinner speaker.
Khan is the senior partner of Stanhill Capital Partners, a merchant banking business with a focus on natural resources which he founded in 1998, during the 20 years (1989–2009) he spent living and working in Hong Kong. In business terms he was one of the founding directors of Australia-based White Energy Company, and the founder of Touchstone Gold. He holds a number of advisory and non-executive board positions.
Khan is a trustee of the Christian Heritage Centre at Stonyhurst, which aims to raise funds to make the collections at Stonyhurst more widely accessible. The project has the support of Lord and Lady Nicholas Windsor, Lord Guthrie, Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O’Connor and Lord David Alton.
In addition to his membership of the Royal Institute of Philosophy, Khan's other interests include rare and antiquarian book collecting. He has a collection of first editions of the works of Henry James, Lawrence Durrell and George Gissing.
Conversion to Roman Catholicism.
By the age of 18 or 19, Khan began to question his Muslim faith. At this time he discovered the works of the Swiss theologian and philosopher Hans Urs von Balthasar and has since become well known as a keen enthusiast of this Swiss theologian and thinker. Khan began to read theology in the Netherhall library, where he studied such Christian theologians as Origen and Saint Augustine.
Khan was attracted to the practices of traditional Catholicism and an important contribution to his faith was through regular attendance, over a decade prior to his formal conversion, at St Joseph’s Church in Hong Kong, where Khan lived and worked for 20 years.

</doc>
<doc id="36649258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649258" title="Rolf Sackenheim">
Rolf Sackenheim

Rolf Sackenheim (born September 26, 1921, died January 9, 2006) was a German artist and a graphic designer. 
Life and Work.
In 1940 Sackenheim studied arts at Meisterschule für Deutsches Handwerk (Masterschool of German craft) in Trier. The following year, he was drafted for military service, but in 1942 was retired due to a serious wound he had received. In 1943 he began to study art at Academy of Fine Arts, Karlsruhe. After a two-year-break in the years 1947-1950 he continued his studies under the instruction of Karl Hubbuch. In 1950 he moved to Eifel, where he painted in watercolors, did drawings and worked out his theoretical statements on painting. Two years later he went to Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, where he was awarded "Master scholar" (Meisterschüler) of Otto Coester in the same year.
From 1960 on he became guest lecturer at the 'Werkkunstschule' Krefeld (School of arts and crafts). In 1963, he became regular lecturer at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf, later received the title of professor and became head of the Class of Printmaking. From 1969 to 1970 and from 1972 to 1976 he also was the vice director of the academy. In 1984, he was awarded honorary member of the Academy of Fine Arts, Münster. He retired in 1984 in Düsseldorf and kept on painting. His art works, pictures, etchings and graphic art were shown in multiple exhibitions as well as many personal shows.
External links.
Attribution

</doc>
<doc id="36649262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649262" title="Mark Savage">
Mark Savage

Mark Savage may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36649274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649274" title="Abdullah bin Mutaib Al Saud">
Abdullah bin Mutaib Al Saud

Abdullah bin Mutaib bin Abdullah Al Saud (born 13 October 1984) is a Saudi show jumping rider and a member of House of Saud.
Early life and education.
Prince Abdullah was born in London on 13 October 1984. He is the son of Mutaib bin Abdullah, the minister of national guard. His mother is Jawahir bint Abdallah bin Abdul Rahman Al Saud. Prince Abdullah holds a law degree from King Saud University.
Sports career.
Prince Abdullah participated in various show jumping events. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympic in Beijing. Prince Abdullah bin Mutaib also participated in 2012 London Olympics, leading to two Olympic appearances. Saudi Arabia’s equestrian show jumping team, including Prince Abdullah, won a bronze medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Prince Abdullah finished the game with a score of 13 faults.

</doc>
<doc id="36649280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649280" title="List of NYU Polytechnic School of Engineering people">
List of NYU Polytechnic School of Engineering people

The New York University Polytechnic School of Engineering has more than 44,000 alumni throughout the United States and in 55 countries around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36649294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649294" title="Great Turkish Invasion">
Great Turkish Invasion

The Great Turkish Invasion, also translated as the Great Turkish Troubles (, "didi turkoba") is the term by which the Georgian historiography refers to continuous attacks and settlement of the Seljuq-led Turkic tribes in the Georgian lands during the reign of George II in the 1080s. The term has it origin in the 12th-century Georgian chronicle and is accepted in the modern scholarship of Georgia. The Seljuq invasions resulted in a severe crisis in the kingdom of Georgia, leaving several of its provinces depopulated and weakening the royal authority, until the tide was reversed by the military victories of King David IV of Georgia (r. 1089–1125).
Background.
The Seljuqs made their first appearances in Georgia in the 1060s, when the sultan Alp Arslan laid waste to the south-western provinces of the Georgian kingdom and reduced Kakheti. These intruders were part of the same wave of the Turkish movement which inflicted a crushing defeat on the Byzantine army at Manzikert in 1071. Although the Georgians were able to recover from Alp Arslan's invasion, the Byzantine withdrawal from Anatolia brought them in more direct contact with the Seljuqs. In the 1070s, Georgia was twice attacked by the sultan Malik Shah I, but the Georgian king George II was still able to fight back at times.
Invasion.
In 1080, George II was surprised, in the vicinity of Queli, by a large Turkish force led by Ahmed, probably of the Mamlān dynasty, whom the Georgian chronicle calls "a powerful emir and strong archer". George was put to flight, through Adjara, to Abkhazia, and the Turks returned laden with booty. This was soon followed by even larger inroads. On June 24, 1080, the half-nomadic Turks began to arrive en masse in the southern provinces of Georgia, quickly moving deeper into the country and overrunning Asispori, Klarjeti, Shavsheti, Adjara, Samtskhe, Kartli, Argueti, Samokalako, and Chqondidi. The key towns of Kutaisi and Artanuji and the vibrant Christian hermitages of Klarjeti were all burnt down. Those who survived the fighting had to flee to the mountains, where many of them found their death of cold and starvation. 
Watching his kingdom being destroyed, George II, in despair, repaired to Isfahan, to Malik Shah, who treated the Georgian monarch with much consideration and promised security from the nomads in exchange of a tribute ("kharaj").
Results.
George's acceptance of the Seljuq suzerainty did not bring a real peace for Georgia. The Turks continued their seasonal movement into the Georgian territory to make use of the rich herbage of the Kura valley and the Seljuq garrisons occupied the key fortresses in Georgia's south. These inroads and settlements had a ruinous effect on Georgia's economic and political order. Cultivated lands were turned into pastures for the nomads and peasant farmers were compelled to seek safety in the mountains. The contemporary Georgian chronicler laments that "in those times there was neither sowing nor harvest. The land was ruined and turned into forest; in place of men beasts and animals of the field made their dwelling there. Insufferable oppression fell on all the inhabitants of the land; it was unparalleled and far worse than all ravages heard of or experienced." A similar situation was found in neighboring Armenia as related in Aristakes Lastivertsi's chronicle. To make the things worse, a severe earthquake struck the southern provinces of Georgia, devastating Tmogvi and the surrounding area on April 16, 1088.
The great nobles of Georgia capitalized on weakening of the royal power to promote their autonomy. George II attempted to make use of Malik Shah's favor to bend Aghsartan I, the recalcitrant king of Kakheti in eastern Georgia, into submission, but failed to achieve any result due largely to his contradictory actions. Aghsartan was able to outplay him by offering submission to Malik Shah and buy security by converting to Islam.
Aftermath.
Such was the situation in Georgia, when, in 1089, George II chose to put the crown—or was forced to do so by his nobles—on the head of his 16-year old son David IV. This energetic young ruler was able to capitalize on the disorder in the Seljuq empire following Malik Shah's death in 1092 and the arrival of the First Crusade in the Middle East in 1096 and embarked on a systematic campaign aimed at curbing the aristocratic opposition and expelling the Seljuqs from his kingdom. By 1099, the year when Jerusalem fell to the Crusaders, David felt strong enough to withhold annual tribute paid to the Seljuqs. A string of military successes over the regional successors of the Seljuq empire was concluded by a major victory over the Muslim armies at Didgori in 1121, which made the Georgian kingdom a formidable power in the Caucasus and Anatolia.

</doc>
<doc id="36649295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649295" title="Róbert Klučiar">
Róbert Klučiar

Róbert Klučiar (born 2 March 1987 in Banská Bystrica) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for the 5. Divisjon club Hitra.
Limerick.
On July, 2012 Limerick have announced the signing of former Slovakian under-20 international Róbert Klučiar from Czech side FC Zenit Čáslav. He made his debut for Limerick against SD Galway on 20 July 2012. He played friendly match against Manchester City on 5 August 2012, Limerick loss 0-4. In 2013, he signs for Hitra.
Honours.
Limerick

</doc>
<doc id="36649313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649313" title="Prawer Commission">
Prawer Commission

The Prawer Commission was set up to implement the recommendations of the Goldberg Commission on resolving outstanding land issues between the Negev Bedouin and the State of Israel. Chaired by Ehud Prawer, Benjamin Netanyahu's director of planning, it published its recommendations on 2 June 2011.
The commission found that an estimated 50% of unrecognized villages were built within Jewish planning areas. It recommended that the inhabitants of these villages, some 30,000 people – about 40% of the total unrecognized : by whom ? Bedouin population, should be relocated to the seven existing government built Bedouin townships.
It proposed that the villagers should be offered compensation of between $1.7 billion and $2.4 billion including $365 million for expanding the townships. The compensation would be reduced to zero over a period of five years and if agreement had not been reached the land would be forfeited and designated as state land.
A proposed government sponsored vote in the Knesset was postponed after some members objected that the terms were too generous.

</doc>
<doc id="36649316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649316" title="Alfa Romeo 140A">
Alfa Romeo 140A

Alfa Romeo 140A is an Italian bus model produced by Alfa Romeo from 1950 to 1958.
The bus was produced for ATM in Milan, Italy.
Bodies.
The bus used bodies from SIAI-Marchetti from 1950 to 1951 (19 units), Macchi-Baratelli from 1952 to 1953 (30 units) and Macchi and Caproni from 1952 to 1958 (78 units).
Technical characteristics.
The bus was made in two sizes, 12 or 22 meters long and had 3 or 5 axles. The gas engine is with 140 hp at 1700 rpm or 163 hp at 2000 rpm.
The single version had 32 seats and the articulated version 46. The larger configuration can transport 150 people.
Customers.
Azienda Tranvie ed Autobus del Comune di Roma (ATAC) - Rome<br>
ATM - Milan

</doc>
<doc id="36649339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649339" title="Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian">
Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian

Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian (born 1924) is an Iranian artist and collector of folk art. Her artistic practice weds the geometric patterns and cut-glass mosaic techniques of her Iranian heritage with the rhythms of modern Western geometric abstraction.
Biography.
Born to educated parents in the religious town of Qazvin in north-western Iran, Farmanfarmaian studied at the Faculty of Fine Art, Tehran (1944-1946), before traveling to the United States on a steamer boat when World War II derailed plans to study art in Paris, France. In New York she studied at Parsons School of Design and Cornell University, worked as a fashion illustrator, and was absorbed into the city's avant garde art scene, becoming friends with artists and contemporaries Louise Nevelson, Jackson Pollock, Willem de Kooning, Barnett Newman, and Joan Mitchell. She painted, collaborated with Andy Warhol on illustrations for the now defunct Bonwit Teller department store, and, under the tutelage of Milton Avery, developed her talent for making monotype prints — some of which were presented at the Iran Pavilion during the 1958 Venice Biennale. 
She returned to Iran in 1957 with her husband Abolbashar Farmanfarmaian and began experimenting with adapting and combining techniques of reverse-glass painting, mirror mosaics, and the Sufi symbolism of classical Islamic geometrical design with a modern abstract expressionism and minimalism. “Ayeneh Kari” is the traditional art of cutting mirrors into small pieces and slivers, placing them in decorative shapes over plaster. This form of Iranian reverse glass and mirror mosaics is a craft traditionally passed on from father to son. Farmanfarmaian, however, was the first contemporary artist to reinvent the traditional medium in a contemporary way. She soon reached international acclaim and held major exhibitions in Tehran, Paris, Venice and New York. While living in Iran, Farmanfarmaian was an avid collector. She sought out paintings behind glass, traditional tribal jewelry and potteries, and amassed one of the greatest collections of "coffee-house paintings" in the country—commissioned paintings by folk artists as coffee-house, story-telling murals.
After the Islamic Revolution of 1979, during which time the vast majority of her works and her collections of folk art were confiscated, sold or destroyed, she took refuge in New York. Farmanfarmaian returned to Tehran in 2004, where she continues lives and works as of 2009.
Exhibitions.
Farmanfarmaian's work has been exhibited at the Museum of Modern Art, New York; Grey Art Gallery, New York; Galerie Denise Rene, Paris and New York; Leighton House Museum, London; Haus der Kunst, Munich; The Third Line, Dubai; Zentrum Paul Klee, Bern; Lower Belvedere, Vienna; and Ota Fine Art, Tokyo. She participated in the 29th Bienal de São Paulo (2010); the 6th Asia Pacific Triennal of Contemporary Art (2009); and the Venice Biennale (1958, 1966 and 2009).
Major commissioned installations include work for the Queensland Art Museum (2009), the Victoria & Albert Museum's Jameel Collection (2006), the Dag Hammerskjod building, New YOrk (1981) and the Niyavaran Cultural Center (1977–78), as well as acquisitions by the Metropolitan Museum of Art, The Tehran Museum of Contemporary Art, and the Museum of Contemporary Art Tokyo.
Bibliography.
Farmanfarmaian's memoir "A Mirror Garden: A Memoir" was co-authored by Zara Houshmand (Knopf, 2007). Her work is documented in "Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian: Cosmic Geometry" (Damiani Editore & The Third Line, 2011), which features in-depth interview by Hans Ulrich Obrist, critical essays by Nader Ardalan, Media Farzin and Eleanor Sims, tributes by Farmanfarmaian's friends Etel Adnan, Siah Armajani, caraballo-farman, Golnaz Fathi, Hadi Hazavei, Susan Hefuna, Aziz Isham, Rose Issa, Faryar Javaherian, Abbas Kiarostami, Shirin Neshat, Donna Stein and Frank Stella, an excerpt from "The Sense of Unity: The Sufi Tradition in Persian Architecture" by Nader Ardalan and Laleh Bakhtiar (1973), and an annotated timeline of Farmanfarmaian's life by Negar Azimi.

</doc>
<doc id="36649340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649340" title="June Schlueter">
June Schlueter

Dr. June Schlueter is Charles A. Dana Professor Emerita of English at Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania. Her areas of specialty are Shakespeare, Early Modern England, and Modern Drama. She is married to Dr. Paul Schlueter, who is a specialist in English literature. Dr. Schlueter has taught at Lafayette College since 1977 where she has taught: Modern Drama (American, British, Comparative); Shakespeare; The London Theatre (in London); Drama Survey (Greeks through Shakespeare, Restoration through Modern); Tudor and Stuart Drama; introductory writing and literature courses; British literature survey; Major American Writers; introductory writing and literature courses; interdisciplinary courses on the McCarthy era and on literature, science, and technology; advised student dramatic productions. From 1993 until 2006 she was Provost of Lafayette College. Dr. Schlueter has served on the Board of Trustees for Fairleigh Dickinson University. 
Dr. Schlueter has a B.A (1970). Fairleigh Dickinson University, Rutherford, NJ (English, magna cum laude), an M.A. (1973) from Hunter College, New York, NY in English and a Ph.D. from Columbia University in English and Comparative Literature.

</doc>
<doc id="36649341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649341" title="Smoke Bend, Louisiana">
Smoke Bend, Louisiana

Smoke Bend is an unincorporated community in Ascension Parish, Louisiana, United States. 
A small cottage from the 1870s named Rome House, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located here.
It is located:
Latitude: 30.10833
Longitude: -91.02028
Elevation: 22 ft

</doc>
<doc id="36649349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649349" title="Kamal Bahamdan">
Kamal Bahamdan

Kamal Bahamdan (born 12 February 1970) is a Saudi Arabian businessman and Olympic show jumping rider.
Early life.
Born in Riyadh, after attending high school he graduated in 1994 from Boston University with a Bachelor of Science in Manufacturing Engineering.
Show jumping.
Riding since the age of seven, he took further riding lessons in the United Kingdom every summer, and then started competing in local equestrian events, often against compatriots Ramzy Al-Duhami and Khaled Al-Eid. Whilst studying in the United States he competed on the East Coast circuit, where he came to the attention of Ziyad Abduljawad, now managing director of Saudi Equestrian. After graduating in 1994, he moved his riding base to Valkenswaard, Netherlands, making his international competition debut in the same year, but competing only on a part-time basis.
After winning the team and individual gold at the 2004 Pan Arab Games, he won the team gold and individual silver medal at the 2011 Pan Arab Games in Doha. Having competed at the Summer Olympics in 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008, after the 2010 FEI World Equestrian Games in Kentucky, he decided to concentrate full-time in the lead-up to the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, England, working with Jan Tops. With the Saudia team coached by Stanny Van Paesschen, the team won bronze and Bahamdan came fourth in the individual event. He has since entered the Longines-sponsored Global Champions Tour, winning the 2013 Riyadh Grand Prix with Noblesse des Tess.
In 2013 he was appointed to the International Federation for Equestrian Sports (FEI) Jumping committee, for an initial four year period. In February 2014 he was named runner up in the Arriyadiyah Awards for Sports Excellence, presented by Prince Nawaf bin Faisal.
Career.
He is CEO and Vice-Chairman of the Bahamdan Group, established in the 1940s by his grandfather Salem Bahamdan in the Holy City of Makkah. It was incorporated by his father Abdullah Bahamdan, the former MD and Chairman of the Arab world's largest bank, the National Commercial Bank (NBC) of Saudi Arabia, in the 1950s in Riyadh. Since foundation, the Group has made more than 250 investments in a range of markets and sectors across the Middle East, Europe, Asia and the United States. With his father now acting as chairman, under Kamal's management the group has expanded its investment operations, and presently has investments in over 130 companies employing over 8,000 people. He also serves as Vice-Chairman of subsidiary Sara Holding, the Group's regional investment arm.
In 2009 Bahamdan formed the global principal investment firm Safanad Limited in Geneva, of which he is also the CEO. Now based in New York and Dubai, it invests in real estate, private equity and public markets. Safanad’s investment focus is primarily within the healthcare, education, financial services and retail sectors and the firm uses a proprietary "Weather Map" approach based on quantitative analysis. In January 2014, Safanad and K12 announced their intention to form a new company, focused on the expansion and integration of technology-based learning programs in pre-kindergarten through to college level. In March 2014, Formation Capital and Safanad sold a portfolio of 43 senior housing facilities and 37 skilled nursing facilities to NorthStar Realty for $1.05Bn.
He is also co-founder of the Al-Khabeer Merchant Finance Corporation, and was Managing Partner and co-founder of Washington DC-based international investment firm BV Group. In 2006 he was named a Forum of Young Global Leaders in business by the Forum of Young Global Leaders, an affiliate organisation of the World Economic Forum.

</doc>
<doc id="36649351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649351" title="Kaw River Railroad">
Kaw River Railroad

The Kaw River Railroad is a Kansas City, Missouri railroad, established in June 2004. Twelve miles of original track served the Kansas City Southern Railroad and its customers in Kansas City MO/KS and Union Station. The original KAW was a Kansas City Southern Railway Company property and was the first shortline Watco Companies began operating for KCS, serving customers in the Greater Kansas City area and interchanges with the BNSF, KCS, and UP. The April 2005 expansion was a BNSF property serving customers in Clay County, MO and interchanges with the BNSF at Birmingham, MO. The KCTL interchanges with the BNSF, ICE, KCS, NS and UP at Kansas City.
The KAW operations office is located in Kansas City, KS and Customer Service is located in both Pittsburg and Kansas City, KS. 
Collectively, the KAW and KCTL handle approximately 15,000 carloads of animal byproducts, chemicals, plastics and industrial products annually. The KAW also has a transload site available for handling dry bulk products and other carload traffic. 
Additions and expansions.
The Kaw expanded from its original form in April 2005 by adding 16 miles of track from Birmingham, MO to Kearney, MO. In March 2006 the KAW took up operations for the Kansas City Terminal Railway (KCTL),adding more than 30 customers. In May 2007, nearly 15 miles of industrial track was added to serve customers of the Bedford Yard.

</doc>
<doc id="36649352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649352" title="Gia Labadze">
Gia Labadze

Grigol Labadze, better known as Gia Labadze (born Tbilisi, 21 September 1973) is a retired Georgian rugby union player. He played as a flanker or number 8.
Domestic career.
Labadze moved to France from Russia where he was previously playing domestically in 1998 after being spotted playing for Georgia against Ireland and Romania in the 1999 World Cup qualifiers, he joined Fédérale 2 SO Chambéry initially before joining Toulon in 2000 where he spent the majority of his club career and was a regular part of the side for a decade, helping them to two Pro D2 titles in 2005 and 2008 and captaining them between 2006 and 2007. He left Toulon at the end of the 2008/09 season and alongside Czech winger Martin Jágr, he was given a lap of honour at Toulon's last home game of the season at the Stade Mayol.
After leaving Toulon, Labadze spent the rest of his career in Fédérale 1, he joined Stade Phocéen for a single season and spent his last two seasons with La Seyne before retiring from rugby in 2012.
International career.
Labadze played for the Soviet Union at age grade level, and made his debut for Georgia in 1996 against Czech Republic. He was a mainstay of the national side from his debut for 15 years, playing in Georgia's first two World Cup campaigns in 2003 and 2007 and captaining the side on six occasions. He hoped to make Georgia's squad for the 2011 World Cup but failed to do so. However he received a surprise recall aged 38 to the side for the 2012 tour to North America before he retired from rugby.
Labadze retired with 67 caps with 12 tries and as the third most capped Georgian player of all time. And at the age of 38 in his final appearance against Canada in 2012, he is the oldest player ever to play for Georgia and tenth oldest international player of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="36649360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649360" title="Solar Academy International">
Solar Academy International

Solar Academy International is a global Solar energy training school network. Solar Academy International's first training center, Ontario Solar Academy, was opened in 2009 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Entrepreneur and founder of Solar Academy International, Jacob Travis, decided to start Solar Academy International after listening to complaints by solar companies that there are not enough qualified and trained people in the industry. Today, Solar Academy International is the largest training school in Canada with nearly 500 student graduates, and their operations are now expanding elsewhere into the world. The school's most popular class is a 5-day intensive course in which students are taught the fundamental basics of the solar industry including aspects of design, sales, and installation. Solar Academy International also recently started offering a multiple month internship program, for interested applicants to get both knowledge and experience.

</doc>
<doc id="36649364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649364" title="Baggaley, Pennsylvania">
Baggaley, Pennsylvania

Baggaley is an unincorporated community and coal town in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36649366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649366" title="Maria Thompson Daviess">
Maria Thompson Daviess

Maria Thompson Daviess (November 25, 1872 - September 3, 1924) was an American novelist and artist, best known for her popular novels written with a "Pollyanna" outlook.
Daviess was born in Harrodsburg, Kentucky in 1872. After her father died when she was eight, her family relocated to Nashville, Tennessee. She studied one year at Wellesley College, and then went to Paris to study art. Returning to Nashville, she continued to paint and also took up writing. Her first novel, "Miss Selina Lue and the Soap-box Babies" was published in 1909. "The Melting of Molly", published in 1912, was one of the top best-selling books for the year. She published sixteen novels between 1909 and 1920.
In 1921, she moved to New York City, where she died in September 1924. She did not marry and had no children.
Bibliography.
Works by Maria Thompson Daviess include:

</doc>
<doc id="36649376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649376" title="Algeria at the All-Africa Games">
Algeria at the All-Africa Games

Algeria has competed at every celebration of the All-Africa Games. Its athletes have won a total of 761 medals.
Medal tables.
Medals by All-Africa Games.
Below the table representing all Algerian medals around the games. Till now, Algeria win 761 medals and 218 gold medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36649385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649385" title="Backsourcing">
Backsourcing

Backsourcing is the process of bringing jobs previously outsourced back under the roof of the company to be performed internally. 
Backsourcing has been increasingly discussed as companies decide to cease outsourcing operations, whether because of the issues outsourcing agreements encounter, because of pressure to bring jobs back to their home country, or simply because it has stopped being efficient to outsource a given task outside of a company. 
Backsourcing is sometimes substituted and confused with "in-sourcing", however in-sourcing simply refers to conducting certain activities in-house (whether or not by a third party), while backsourcing refers to bringing "previously outsourced activities" back in-house.

</doc>
<doc id="36649387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649387" title="Marguerite, Pennsylvania">
Marguerite, Pennsylvania

Marguerite is an unincorporated community and coal town in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was also known as Klondike.

</doc>
<doc id="36649399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649399" title="Morewood, Pennsylvania">
Morewood, Pennsylvania

Morewood is an unincorporated community and coal town in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. In early April, 1891, it was the site of the Morewood massacre which left nine striking workers of the United Mine Workers shot to death.

</doc>
<doc id="36649410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649410" title="I'm Coming (Tarzan Part 2)">
I'm Coming (Tarzan Part 2)

"I'm Coming (Tarzan Part 2)" is a 2012 promotional single released by singer-songwriter and rapper Dappy from his debut studio album "Bad Intentions" (2012). The song was produced by S-X and written by Dappy. The promotional track was digitally released worldwide by Takeover Entertainment on 5 August 2012 and charted at number 35 on the UK Singles Chart in its first week of release on 14 July 2012 without any radio airplay. Upon release the song sparked much controversy and was challenged by critics for its provocative and explicit themes.
Background.
"I'm Coming (Tarzan Part 2)" is the sequel to Dappy's freestyle song over "Racks" by YC, titled "Tarzan Freestyle" and was released on 16 August 2011 via SB.TV as a music video. The song accumulated over 1 million views and popularised over the web, resulting into Dappy composing a sequel. "I'm Coming" contains original production by S-X, while lyrically the song mentions many British stars; Wiley, Tinie Tempah, Kelly Rowland and targeting rappers Scorcher and Bashy, along with Dappy replying to Simon Cowell concerning comments about himself. Cowell is further mocked, as is "The X Factor" and former contestants Joe McElderry and Alexandra Burke.
Critical reception.
Lily Allen has defended Dappy's controversial single, hailing it "thoroughly entertaining and insightful". Allen hit back at the negative reaction on Twitter to the track "I'm Coming (Tarzan Part 2)" – which has lyrics riddled with expletives, references to cancer and rape and attacking "The X Factor" – insisting critics had missed the humour.
Lily Allen said:
The song also provoked grime artist Scorcher to write a diss track, over Dappy's "Spaceship" instrumental, after Dappy mentioned his name on the track.
Music video.
The music video for the song was directed by Morgan Keyz, and was uploaded to YouTube on 3 July 2012. As it reached over 225,000 views the video was taken down and re-uploaded on 7 July at a total length of 3 minutes and forty-eight seconds. The original music video featured a message in the opening credits which read "Free Leo Chindamo", a school friend of Dappy. This message sparked major controversy by the public as Chindamo was jailed for life for the murder of London headmaster Philip Lawrence in 2005. Lawrence's widow Frances spoke about Dappy's careless actions to "The Sun": "I haven’t heard the song yet. But I don’t think it is right someone should be making money from using his name in a song." Dappy apologised via Twitter, saying: "Just wanted to say I honestly wasn't aware he did that, I knew his brother from when I was young. In no way did I intend to cause any upset and certainly didn't know about his past. My heart goes out to Mr Laurence's (sic) family and I know the pain of losing a loved one, sincerely Daps."
As the video was re-uploaded to SB.TV's channel it regained views, totalling to 1.9 million views within less than 3 months. The video features British comedian and entertainer Poets Corner.

</doc>
<doc id="36649413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649413" title="Abdelgadir">
Abdelgadir

Abdelgadir is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36649432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649432" title="Tarrs, Pennsylvania">
Tarrs, Pennsylvania

Tarrs is an unincorporated community and coal town in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. Its post office opened in April 1828.

</doc>
<doc id="36649460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649460" title="Trauger, Pennsylvania">
Trauger, Pennsylvania

Trauger is an unincorporated community and coal town in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36649464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649464" title="Church of Croatian Martyrs, Čavoglave">
Church of Croatian Martyrs, Čavoglave

The Church of Croatian Martyrs () is a Roman Catholic church in Čavoglave, Croatia.
History.
Cornerstone for the church was laid in 2004 by msgr. Ante Ivas, bishop of Šibenik.
Popular Croatian singer Marko Perković Thompson, who was born in Čavoglave, especially helped construction of this church.
It was completed in 2010. On 9 October of that year were dedicated bells of church by msgr. Ante Ivas.
Bells.
The church has 3 bells, which were casted in workshop "Grass Mayer" in Innsbruck.
The first bell, which is 450 kilos weigh, is dedicated to Aloysius Stepinac.
The second bell, which is 250 kilos weigh, is dedicated to Saint Elijah.
The third bell, which is 130 kilos weigh, is dedicated to Saint Michael and Saint Benedict.

</doc>
<doc id="36649465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649465" title="John Berger (author)">
John Berger (author)

Dr. John J Berger (born May 8, 1945 in New York City) is an American author and environmental consultant. He has worked for the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences, Fortune 500 corporations such as Lockheed Corporation and Chevron, nonprofit groups, such as Friends of the Earth and the Sierra Club, and governmental organizations, including the Office of Technology Assessment of the United States Congress. He co-founded and directed the Nuclear Information and Resource Service as well as Restoring the Earth. Berger has authored and edited eleven books on energy and environmental issues, including "Restoring the Earth: How Americans Are Working to Renew Our Damaged Environment", "Charging Ahead: The Business of Renewable Energy and What It Means for America", "Beating the Heat: How and Why We Must Combat Global Warming".
Biography.
Berger is a long-time supporter of alternative energy solutions to global environmental problems. He has repeatedly called attention to the nation's excessive dependence on foreign oil and the huge economic and environmental costs, and risks. He has outlined strategies for a clean, renewable energy economy in his books and articles which have appeared in publications such as The Boston Globe, The Christian Science Monitor, and The Los Angeles Times. Berger's writing on energy and natural resource issues has helped to launch the environmental restoration movement, beginning with his book "Restoring the Earth" in 1985.
Education and Work.
In 1966, John J Berger earned a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from Stanford University. Prior to his work on energy and the environment, Berger was an innovator in journalism. In 1970, he co-founded Alternative Features Service, Inc. to support the development of alternative and college newspapers and radio stations in the U.S. with syndicated press materials that especially highlighted the creation of alternative institutions, such as free clinics, people's banks, free universities, and alternative housing. In 1976, Berger joined Friends of the Earth, San Francisco as an energy specialist where he published his first book: "Nuclear Power: The Unviable Option". Just a few years later, in 1979, he became a technical editor at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in Berkeley, California. The next year, Berger was awarded an MA in Energy and Natural Resources from the University of California, Berkeley where he became an instructor in energy technology and policy. In 1984, Berger began two years of postgraduate research on land-use policy in Sacramento at the University of California, Davis. In 1985, he published "Restoring the Earth: How Americans Are Working to Restore Our Damaged Environment" and became the executive director of Restoring the Earth, an environmental organization based in Berkeley, California. Berger then went on to receive a PhD in Ecology from the University of California, Davis in 1990 and served as visiting Professor of Environmental Policy at the Graduate School of Public Affairs of the University of Maryland and Professor of Environmental Science at the University of San Francisco. He was chosen to participate in a summer study program at the Roscoe B. Jackson Memorial Laboratory for Genetic Research; he was the recipient of a Switzer Foundation Environmental Fellowship for graduate study, and he received a year-long fellowship for graduate study at the University of Tunis in Tunisia. Berger was awarded a summer writing fellowship at the Blue Mountain Center in the Adirondack Mountains. Berger also serves as an independent energy and environmental consultant with a diversified consulting practice.

</doc>
<doc id="36649481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649481" title="Alfa Romeo 430A">
Alfa Romeo 430A

The Alfa Romeo 430A was a bus produced from 1949 to 1953 by Italian automotive manufacturer Alfa Romeo.
Technical characteristics.
The bus had two doors and a rack. It had a engine. The bus had seating for 22 passenger and standing room for a further 30 people. The vehicle was in length. It was based on a body from Ambrosini.
History.
The Alfa Romeo 430A bus was used for tourist trips and for intercity service in the Lombardy region of Italy. 

</doc>
<doc id="36649487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649487" title="Puerto Rico Army National Guard">
Puerto Rico Army National Guard

The Puerto Rico Army National Guard (PRARNG) — better known in Spanish as "Ejército de la Guardia Nacional de Puerto Rico" but officially designated as "Guardia Nacional Terrestre de Puerto Rico" — is the Army National Guard of Puerto Rico which, together with the Puerto Rico Air National Guard, comprises the Puerto Rico National Guard. PRARNG is the ground-component of the Puerto Rico National Guard under control of the governor of Puerto Rico, currently Alejandro García Padilla, that performs missions equivalent to those of the Army National Guards of the different states of the United States, including ground defense, disaster relief, and control of civil unrest.
History.
The Puerto Rico National Guard, like the national guards in all 50 states, is a hybrid organization. national guards are ordinarily under the control of state (or, in the case of Puerto Rico, commonwealth) officials, but are organized pursuant to federal statute, and in war time or other emergencies, Guard units may be brought under federal control. The Puerto Rico Army National Guard and Reserve units support USARSO's many multilateral exercises and programs. It is through this integration of the Active Army, National Guard, and Reserves that US Army South can maximize resources to carry its missions.
In 1989, Congress authorized federal funding to permit the local National Guards to support drug interdiction and other counter-drug activities. 32 U.S.C. § 112. Section 112 provided that each state desiring to participate would draw up its own plan subject to approval by the Secretary of Defense. Despite this and other authority Puerto Rico National Guard Shoulder Insignia over the program granted to the Secretary of Defense, the statute required that the National Guard personnel involved in these operations be under local control and "not in Federal service," id. § 112(c)(1), a requirement apparently designed to mesh with the Posse Comitatus Act, 18 U.S.C. § 1385, limiting the use of federal troops for domestic law enforcement purposes.
Most National Guard members ordinarily serve only part time, but there are exceptions. Section 112 itself provided that subject to Secretary of Defense regulations, local National Guard members could, pursuant to a state plan, "be ordered to perform full-time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of this title for the purpose of carrying out drug interdiction and counter-drug activities." 32 U.S.C. § 502(f) allows National Guard personnel to be assigned additional duties, apart from ordinary drills and field exercises, with the provision appropriate for "pay and allowances."
Beginning in 1989, the Puerto Rico National Guard used the federal funds provided under section 112 for a variety of counter-drug projects. In one of the projects, Puerto Rico National Guard personnel assisted the U.S. Customs Service in inspecting cargo containers arriving and leaving Puerto Rico ports and airports.
The Puerto Rico National Guard claims to be a direct descendant of the original militia that existed on the Island since the time of the Spanish conquest and colonization at the beginning of the 16th century. Four years after the militia establishment by Juan Ponce de Leon. The Puerto Rican Indians, called Tainos, rebelled in 1511. The Spanish men (mostly farmers and mine workers) had to quit their jobs to take arms and defend their adopted land. Since that unconfirmed date in 1511 when Taino Indians killed Cristobal de Sotomayor and burned the town named in his honor, the Borinquen colonists had to form, by necessity, a sort of National Guard unit with citizens as its soldiers.
The Milicias Urbanas de Puerto Rico was first organized in 1693 and reorganized in 1765 as the Milicias Diciplinadas de Puerto Rico. After the Lares Uprising of 1868, the Spanish doubting the loyalty of Puerto Ricans, began to disband these companies, including the Compania de Artilleros Morenos de Cangrejos, a separate company of black Puerto Ricans. The milicias, are the direct lineal ancestors of two of today's Puerto Rico National Guard Units, the 295th and 296th Infantry. The milicias were replaced in 1871 by another similar organization, El Instituto de Voluntarios.
In 1899, the U.S. Congress authorized the establishment of a military unit composed of Puerto Ricans and in 1900 the Porto Rico Battalion was established. Through successive reorganizations this unit became the Porto Rico Voluntary Infantry, The Porto Rican Provisional Regiment of Infantry, the Porto Rico Regiment, U.S. Infantry and finally in 1920, the 65th Regiment, U.S. Infantry. The Puerto Rico National Guard eventually became the 296th Infantry Regiment ("Alerta Esta" - "Always Alert").
The Porto Rico Regiment, U.S. Infantry, 4,000 strong, served in World War I. From 1917 to 1919 it guarded the Panama Canal. During this period, the Porto Rico National guard also came into existence with the creation of the 295th and 296th Infantry Regiments. Additionally, several "Home Guard" units were organized and many other Puerto Ricans living in the continental U.S. served in mainland units that fought in Europe. Dark skinned Puerto Ricans were placed in such racially segregated units as the 396th Infantry, "The Harlem Hell Fighters" who fought under French command. Rafael Hernandez the famous Puerto Rican musician/composer and his brother, Jesus, served in that unit's band. All told, 236,000 Puerto Ricans registered for the WWI draft and 18,000 served in the military.
Although war plans did not call for separate infantry brigades in the United States, the War Department authorized a new 92d Infantry Brigade in the Puerto Rico National Guard to command forces there. The new headquarters came into federal service on 15 October 1940, but served less than two years without seeing combat. In July 1942 the Caribbean Defense Command inactivated the brigade and replaced it with the Puerto Rican Mobile Force
It has been estimated that anywhere from 250,000 to 500,000 Hispanics served in the armed forces during World War II. This represents a range of 2.5 to 5% of all persons who served during the war. Figures are imprecise because, with the exception of Puerto Ricans, data on Hispanics were not maintained. Over 53,000 Puerto Ricans served during the period 1940-1946. National guard units from Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and California had a high representation of Mexican Americans. The US Army has never segregated Hispanic soldiers. The Puerto Rico National Guard was called into Federal Active Service in October 1940, and assigned to the Puerto Rican Department in accordance with the existing War Plan Orange. Members of Puerto Rico's National Guard, of the present 65th USA Reserve Command, and of its ancestors, the 65th Infantry Regiment and the 1899 Puerto Rican Regiment US Volunteers, were residents of the island. Approximately 200 Puerto Rican women served in the Women's Army Corps.
Puerto Rico Army National Guard (PRARNG) support to the Puerto Rico Police Department (PRPD) is the longest sustained support to a law enforcement mission in modern U.S. history. Targets are drug dealers and other criminal elements. The Puerto Rico National Guard (PRNG) has concentrated on the Homeland Defense mission by fighting drug-related crime on the island and providing humanitarian relief to the communities affected by the drug trade. The PRNG concentrates on support to domestic civil authorities, counterdrug operations and humanitarian assistance. During Operation Centurion in 1996, PRNG units and the police moved into 76 housing projects to arrest dealers and criminals and restore community order. Puerto Rico Governor Pedro Rossello created the program to reinforce limited Puerto Rico LEA assets and drive out drug traffickers from housing areas. The secondary objective was to restore normalcy to communities through a coordinated security and social effort. Soldiers from aviation and military police units supported the police in the initial cordon, search, seizure and arrest phase. Once the target area was cleared of identifiable criminal elements, infantry, artillery, engineer and maintenance personnel helped community agencies rebuild housing complexes, distribute antidrug literature, rehabilitate facilities and dispose of garbage.
The program was a resounding success, and the PRNG's skills and resources were paramount. Unfortunately, in terms of active force integration, this wealth of operational experience was misdirected. The PRNG applied and exercised MOOTW doctrine, not conventional war-fighting practices. They used valuable training days that could have been used for collective combat training. They also built close cooperation, reinforced habitual relationships and integrated with police and various social agencies-not with AC combat forces.
Operation FRONTIER SHIELD was introduced in fiscal year 1997 to test this concept in the maritime approaches to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. This region was identified as the second largest gateway, behind the Southwest Border, for drugs entering the United States and provided an emergent opportunity to create an immediate and measurable impact. Operation FRONTIER SHIELD demonstrates the tangible positive impacts of interdiction in Puerto Rico. In 1997, drug related crime was down 37 percent from the year before and the Governor no longer needed the Puerto Rico National Guard to maintain order in the housing areas. On the streets of San Juan cocaine purity went down and street prices rose nearly 36 `percent throughout 1997.
A major Jamaica Defence Force (JDF)-US bilateral training program is the quarterly unit exchange between the Puerto Rico Army National Guard and the 3rd Battalion, Jamaica Regiment (National Reserve). Under this exchange program, platoon-sized elements from each unit "trade places" for a four-day period and participate in weapons familiarization and other small unit training.
The Puerto Rico Army National Guard, America's unique bicultural force, is composed of more than 8,600 citizen-soldiers. During FY99, the PRARNG was recognized as one of the most versatile and best prepared state militias of the United States. FY99 began with troops supporting the Island's communities recovering from the devastating effects of Hurricane Georges. Soldiers were summoned to perform disaster relief operations and engineering support for road clearance and debris removal.
The PRARNG also supported communities using their specialized skills. Medical units provided preventive health care, education, and immunizations in low-income neighborhoods. Guard members served drug and law enforcement agencies through its Counter Drug Program, resulting in the confiscation of millions of dollars in illegal drugs. The PRNG is the only organization in the US conducting all three NGB-sponsored youth programs: STARBASE, Youth Conservation Corps, and Challenge. At the international level, the 113th Mobile Public Affairs Detachment deployed to Honduras, Nicaragua and El Salvador in support of Hurricane Mitch disaster relief. Aviation units provided helicopter support to Joint Task Force Esteli in Nicaragua as part of the US Southern Command Exercise New Horizons '99. The PRARNG also commenced the State Partnership Program with the Republic of Honduras.

</doc>
<doc id="36649501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649501" title="Robuloidacea">
Robuloidacea

Robuloidacea is a superfamily included in the Protista order Lagenida in which the test wall is either not secondarily lamellar or is only slightly so, as in later taxa. 
Named by Reiss, 1963, Robuloidacea range stratigraphically from the Upper Silurian to the end of the Lower Cretaceous (Albian). Four families are recognized. They are the Middle Permian Robuloididae, Lower to Upper Permian Partisaniidae, Lower Permian to Lower Cretaceous Ichthyolariidae and the Upper Silurian to Upper Permian Syzraniidae. Some of the genera included in the Robuloidacea were previously included in the Fusulinida (Parathuramminacea and Endothyracea) while others were found in the Nodosariidae, Nodosariacea.

</doc>
<doc id="36649507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649507" title="Ovcharenko">
Ovcharenko

Ovcharenko is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36649535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649535" title="Scab Hill, Pennsylvania">
Scab Hill, Pennsylvania

Scab Hill is an unincorporated community and coal town in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was also known as Adams Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="36649536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649536" title="Oikonomopoulos">
Oikonomopoulos

Oikonomopoulos () is a Greek surname. It is often also rendered as Ikonomopoulos or Economopoulos. The feminine form is Oikonomopoulou (Οικονομοπούλου). It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36649543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649543" title="Bunny Hall">
Bunny Hall

Bunny Hall is a grade I listed country house in Bunny, Nottinghamshire.
The house was originally an Elizabethan red brick house with an 80 foot high tower. The house was rebuilt in 1720 by Thomas Parkyns and now stands in 24 acres of formal gardens and parkland. It has been equipped with a cinema room and a leisure area equipped with gymnasium, steam and sauna rooms, a large indoor heated pool and separate Jacuzzi and spa area. There is also a large orangery, drawing room, library and a circular glazed frosted dome allowing light to illuminate the hallway and staircase.
History.
The manor of Bunny was acquired as a dowry by Richard Parkyns when he married Elizabeth Barlowe in the 1570s and it is believed he built the original hall. Successive generations of the Parkys family were to live there until 1850. After the civil war the owner at the time, Thomas Parkyns, was elevated to the baronetage in recognition of the family's support for the throne. In 1720 the buildings were greatly renovated by Thomas Parkyn, 2nd Baronet. Further extensive re-modelling of the Hall was carried out between 1826 and 1835. In 1850 the Parkyns lineage failed and the estate was bequeathed to Mrs. Burt, the housekeeper who in turn left it to the Levinge family. He sold the whole estate to
Sir Albert Ball, the Mayor of Nottingham who quickly passed it on to the Cordeau family. During WWII the estate and hall were bought by Bertie Edwards whose son moved out and renovated the building.
It was bought in 2000 by the family of Chek Whyte and in 2009 was for sale at a price in excess of 3 Million pounds.

</doc>
<doc id="36649549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649549" title="Scelophysa trimeni">
Scelophysa trimeni

Scelophysa trimeni, commonly known as the blue monkey beetle, is a species of scarab beetles in the monkey beetle subfamily Rutelinae. It is found exclusively in South Africa, particularly the Namaqualand region. As with other monkey beetles, blue monkey beetles have characteristically moveable and unequally sized tarsal claws, particularly on the strong hind legs of the males. Males of the species are covered in minute sky-blue scales while the scales of the females are sienna brown. Blue monkey beetles are important pollinators of the Namaqualand region, especially for "Mesembryanthemum" and some daisy species, on which they primarily feed.
Taxonomy.
"Scelophysa trimeni" is classified under the genus "Scelophysa" in the tribe Hopliini of the subfamily Rutelinae in the scarab beetle family Scarabaeidae. It was first described in 1885 by Louis Péringuey, a noted French entomologist who was director of the South African Museum for eighteen years. He published his description of the species in the journal of the South African Philosophical Society (now the Royal Society of South Africa). Roland Trimen, another notable entomologist, was a contemporary of Péringuey, preceding him as director of the museum, and it is presumed that the specific epithet "trimeni" is in honour of Trimen. This may be confirmed by the text of Péringuey's paper, which is not accessible at present.
In 1895, Czech entomologist Anton Franz Nonfried published a description of a new species he called "Scelophysa ornatissima" in the journal "Berliner entomologische Zeitschrift" (now "Deutsche Entomologische Zeitschrift"). It was later determined to be the same species as "S. trimeni" and "S. ornatissima" became a synonym.
Morphology.
Blue monkey beetles are small, usually long and wide. Males and females exhibit little sexual dimorphism in overall body size. Very small scales cover most of the body, including the middle and hind pairs of legs, and excepting the head and anterior legs. The scales in males are bright ultramarine to sky blue dorsally, and the underside scales are more silvery. Female colouring is an overall sienna brown, with a mix of brown and yellow-orange scales, and with darker bands of scales found near the pygidium and propygidium. The black legs bear a few thick black hairs. Dense short greyish to silvery white fine hairs cover the margins of the thorax and abdomen.
The tibia of each leg bears a single tibial spur. The tarsal claws are double and unequal, with one weak, slender claw pressed against the larger, stronger claw. The claws of the hind legs are particularly large. In males the hind legs are also more strongly developed than in females, swollen and more robust through the femora, tibiae, and tarsi.
Little is recorded on the appearance of the larvae. They are commonly known as white grubs, a general term for the larvae of most scarab beetles.
Ecology and behaviour.
"Scelophysa trimeni" is endemic to South Africa. This is unsurprising considering that 69% of all monkey beetle species can be found in South Africa, and of them 98% are endemic. "S. trimeni" prefers the sandy and coastal regions of Namaqualand, such as Knersvlakte and Port Nolloth, respectively.
Adult blue monkey beetles are typically found grouped in the centres of unscented flowers that bear dark discs and bright petals with spot patterns at the bases. They feed on the pollen, embedding their heads into the discs and browsing, and sometimes supporting themselves by hooking their hind tarsal claws onto the flower petals. Pollen is swept into the mouth by dense setae on the maxillae. The behavioural tendency to congregate is for mating purposes, and it is suggested that male beetles prefer dark-centred flowers with spot patterns because they mistake the glossy discs and bright spots for resting females.
Flowers of the genus "Mesembryanthemum" are common hosts of "S. trimeni", as are many of the African daisy species and some "Heliophila". For many of these visited species, monkey beetles are key pollinators, responsible for most of the pollination that takes place.
Larvae are presumed to feed in the soil on the debris and roots of plants.

</doc>
<doc id="36649553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649553" title="Asimaki">
Asimaki

Asimaki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36649588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649588" title="Batifa">
Batifa

Batifa (Batufa in Kurdish) is one of the aspects of the Zakho district in Dohuk governorate in the Kurdistan region of Iraq. An area of 208 km square area and the associated 73 villages destroyed all in the Anfal campaign. There in the town, approximately 15 locations by the Directorate of archaeological traces of Dahuk, including: Castle Shabani, Kashani Castle, and Castle Bajoine, and a bridge on the River Khabur Nzdora and built in the reign of princes Albhdinyin. And the effects of Crete and Bekova.

</doc>
<doc id="36649617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649617" title="Tim Jorgensen">
Tim Jorgensen

Timothy Scott Jorgensen (born November 30, 1972) is a former professional baseball player and high school baseball coach. As a college baseball player for the University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh, Jorgensen set Division III all-time records for most home runs in a single season and for most career home runs. He played professional baseball until 1999 and was later inducted into the National College Baseball Hall of Fame.
Career.
College baseball.
After graduating from Luxemburg-Casco High School, Tim Jorgensen enrolled at the University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh, where he played college baseball for the Wisconsin–Oshkosh Titans of the National Collegiate Athletic Association in Division III. Jorgensen played shortstop. In 1994, his junior year, he was named the Division III player of the year by the American Baseball Coaches Association, and he was named a Division III All-American. UW-Oshkosh won the 1994 Division III national championship.
The San Diego Padres drafted Jorgensen in the 28th round of the 1994 Major League Baseball Draft. After considering San Diego's offer, Jorgensen opted to return to Wisconsin–Oshkosh for his senior season. In his senior season, Jorgensen set the Division III record for home runs in a season, with 39. He also set the career home run record with 70, surpassing the 58 of John Deutsch of Montclair State University. Jorgensen]'s 1995 campaign also set Division III single-season records in grand slams (6), runs batted in (121), slugging percentage (1.275) and total bases (218).
Professional baseball.
Jorgensen was an eighth-round selection by the Cleveland Indians in the 1995 Major League Baseball Draft. He played three seasons of minor league baseball before sustaining an injury in 1998. He finished his professional baseball career with the Pittsburgh Pirates organization in 1999.
Personal.
In 2012, Jorgensen became the first player from the Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (WIAC) elected to the National College Baseball Hall of Fame. He was inducted with a class that included Nomar Garciaparra and Lou Brock. 
Jorgensen works for Associated Bank in Minneapolis as a senior vice president and market manager. He served as baseball coach for Ashwaubenon High School in Ashwaubenon, Wisconsin for four seasons. His older brother, Terry Jorgensen, also attended UW-Oshkosh and then played in Major League Baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="36649624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649624" title="Caroline Bonde Holm">
Caroline Bonde Holm

Caroline Bonde Holm (born 19 July 1990) is a Danish athlete who competes in the pole vault. She competed in the Women's pole vault at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36649627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649627" title="Fagerström">
Fagerström

Fagerström is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36649630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649630" title="Xirallic">
Xirallic

Xirallic is a pigment made of aluminum oxide platelets covered with titanium oxide that shows a strong glitter effect with a distinct shimmering behavior.
It was developed and patented by researchers of the company Merck KGaA in Japan. Because the pigment was produced at a single plant in Onahama, production was severally curtailed following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. The shortage of the pigment caused Ford and Chrysler to restrict the availability of cars and trucks in some red and black paints. The shortage also effected other automobile makes. Hyundai replaced Xirallic with Mica in their paints. The plant reopened on 8 May 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36649631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649631" title="First Presidency of Alan García">
First Presidency of Alan García

The First Presidency of Alan García Pérez (from 1985 to 1990) was one of the worst presidency's in Peru's history because of the worst economic crisis that the country saw during those years. He regained the presidency in 2006 (Second Presidency of Alan García)
Beginnings.
Alan Garcia was elected President of Peru after winning the Peruvian general election, 1985 with great support from the people because of his youth, his great gifts of oratory and his radicalism very fashionable then.
The change of command ceremony was attended by the presidents Raul Alfonsin of Argentina, Julio Maria Sanguinetti of Uruguay, Belisario Betancourt of Colombia, Hernan Siles of Bolivia, Nicolas Ardito Barletta of Panama, and Salvador Jorge Blanco of Dominican Republic, also was present James Baker, United States Secretary of Treasury.
The first week of October 1985, the journal Newsweek called him" the most important political star to emerge in Latin America since Juan Domingo Perón". In December, the magazine placed Garcia among the ten most outstanding personalities in the world.
Economy.
Beginning.
At first, the measures taken were positive. Already in September 1985, inflation fell to 3.5% (compared with 12.5% in April of that year). By the second quarter of 1986, the economy showed clear signs of recovery. The sectors that relied on domestic demand (manufacturing, construction, agriculture) grew, but not those engaged in the export sectors (mining, fishing). In 1986, the economy grew 10%. It was the biggest increase since the 50's, with it then Garcia enjoyed record popularity throughout Latin America. When the spending power of the state was exhausted then began multiple problems.
The first problem was that despite economic resurgence, the state hardly received higher income. another problem was that the modest capacity of the domestic industry was reaching its limits. Further investments and foreign capital were required to install new capabilities and continue with economic growth and recovery. This lead to increased dependency on foreign loans and investments.
Low public confidence in the government's monetary policy led to many consumers buying dollars over Intis, thus causing mass devaluation of the Inti. The package of measures adopted by Garcia included the freezing of the exchange rate from Inti to dollar. The freezing did little to stop the real demand of dollar over Inti. By 1989 hyperinflation dominated the monetary situation of Peru.
Danger of Crisis.
In 1987, the danger of a crisis in the balance of payments and international reserves was evident. However, the Peruvian Government continued to rely on rapid economic growth until 1988. At the same time, they had to accept the devaluation of the inti, rising wages and prices.
Overall, the Peruvian government's economic policy began to fall into contradictions. On the one hand, the government sought direct contact with major employers (called the twelve apostles) to pesuadirlos to invest in the development of productive capacity. On the other side and their need to increase state revenues, allegedly forced in early 1987, companies to lend money to the state.
Specifically, companies were forced to buy the mandatory Peruvian bonds worth reaching up to 30% of gross profit that the companies had obtained in 1986 (69). With this measure, the government provoked angry reactions in the corporate sector. Soon, some companies were exempted from mandatory payment and finally the program was canceled.
Such ups and downs, of reactions to a fait accompli, passivity against the dangers ahead contributed to the perception that government economic policy was being improvised and, above all, losing control. The situation worsened with the resignation in June 1987, the Minister of Economy Luis Alva Castro.
Nationalization of the Banking.
The breaking point was his Government's intention to nationalize the banks as a way to control inflation which, at that point (July 28 of 1987) was overwhelming. Indeed, economic indicators show that Peru during this tenure suffered hyperinflation of 1722.3% in 1988 and 2775% in 1989.
The measure was announced on July 28, 1987 in the traditional address to the nation. Garcia said his measure would reduce social and economic inequality in Peru. As early as 1982 he had published a book (" The different future") in which he criticized private banks to exclude the credit system to the informal sectors: farms and small and medium enterprises (SMEs). According to the government's economic policy, it was necessary to "democratize" the credit and, as the private sector was unwilling to assume this task, the state should take over. Despite this, the Congress of the Republic of Peru did not approve the measure.
1988–1989: Crisis.
At the end of 1987, the crisis was already evident: Inflation started to gallop (114.5% in December 1987), production – and hence economic recovery – has been stalled and the balance of payments had, in 1987, a deficit of $521 million, the largest gap since 1981. Consequently, international reserves continued to decline. A lack of dollars, the Central Reserve Bank of Peru was bound hand in controlling the rate of change (increasing demand for dollars can be offset by circulating the dollars saved).
Forced by circumstances to a change of course, the government resorted to late 1987, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank for loans. The unorthodox experiment had ended. In October 1987, the government moved to devalue the inti at 24%. The so-called paquetazos continued to occur on a regular basis, until September 1988, leading to a recession. But Garcia was still not accept the need for a clear line
Garcia's economic team, led by Gustavo Saberbein, Garcia tried to persuade the Orthodox need for a shock: zero deficit through tax increases fuertísimos and tariffs and the elimination of subsidies. But Garcia, fearing the political cost of such a decision, only agreed to a middle way without solving the problem: A bankrupt state (fiscal deficit) and an economy that mattered more than it exported (trade deficit).
The results are in the collective memory of all Peruvians: Inflation to astronomical levels, food shortages and other commodities and the collapse of Alan Garcia's approval. It was not until late 1988 that Garcia was convinced of the need for a "war" against the economic crisis. The new Minister of Economy and Finance, Abel Salinas, had the thankless task of announcing, now, the economic shock, on September 6 of 1988.
The plan, called Plan" Zero," helped generate even higher inflation, especially in relation to the goods imported. For example, the price of pharmaceuticals up 600% and 400% of the gasoline. In addition, it eliminated the price control system with the exception of 42 commodities (208).
The Peruvian Aprista Party's hopes were now pinned on the World Bank and IMF. While there were talks, Peru did not receive loans. This was due, too, that Peru still owed $600 million to the IMF and 400 million World Bank.
From September 1988, inflation became what economists call hyperinflation. That month, prices rose 114%. It was the month with the highest inflation in the Garcia administration and probably in the history of Peru. And the shock seemed to come too late. In any case, could not control inflation.
A long strike in the mining industry contributed to falling exports and further aggravate the trade deficit. International reserves, meanwhile, were close to zero.
On November 22, 1988, Garcia threw another "package" with similar measures. At the same time, Abel Salinas submitted his resignation due to differences with Garcia.
Rising unemployment and falling incomes drastic was the social cost of economic disaster leading to the emergence of an informal sector of proportions never seen before. In addition, the bankrupt state could no longer meet its obligations welfare, education, health and justice.
The years 1989 and 1990 can be narrated briefly, because there were no substantial changes. The economy recovered slightly and international reserves as well. Imports fell and exports rose, especially by increasing the price of mining products in the international market.
Under the command of the new Minister of Economy, Cesar Vásquez Bazán, inflation fell, but not substantially. The annual rate of inflation was 2000% in 1989. The last months of 1989 were used to spend the meager reserves to revive the economy somewhat in view of the prompt elections. Thus, in March 1990, international reserves were barely $190 million.
Social Aspect.
Terrorism.
Another issue that rocked the government of Alan Garcia was terrorist activity that began during the previous government of Fernando Belaunde Terry but reached the highest peaks of violence in the years of 1986 and 1988. Within this context there was the case of the killing of terrorist rioters in different prisons Lima on June 19 of 1986.
During the presidency of Alan Garcia, along with subversive violence, which claimed thousands of lives, there were acts of military repression, such as the massacre of the prisons and the slaughter of dozens of farmers in Ayacucho community of Cayara in 1988. Although Garcia initially showed interest in curbing human rights violations after the incident of criminal allowed to continue counter-violence of the armed forces and formed death squads (Rodrigo Franco Command), the that suspected terrorists intimidated critics and counter-terrorism policy.
From 1988 and 1989 terrorist groups intensified their wave of attacks in Lima and several other cities against government impotence.
The controversy was re-occur when within twenty days of the transfer to the new government, Víctor Polay, "Comandante Rolando" and 47 members of the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement managed to escape the prison of "maximum security" of Canto Grande through a tunnel built 330 meters from outside the prison. The building had no water or sewer connections, lighting facilities and services that would facilitate either a vent operational work.
Beyond the fact itself, the effect obtained by the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement (MRTA), nationally and internationally, was a tough challenge not only to the Peruvian government counter-insurgency strategy, but also the operational capacity of and criminal law enforcement authorities of the country.
Opposition and end of the Presidency.
Opposition to the government grew significantly from the attempt to nationalize the banks, a move that was deeply unpopular and fired a strong protest movement political right led by the writer Mario Vargas Llosa this movement eventually evolve into a political alliance FREDEMO (which included the Christian People's Party, Popular Action and Liberty Movement) who ran unsuccessfully in the Peruvian general election, 1990 with Vargas Llosa's presidential candidacy. In his last message to the nation, July 28 of 1990 in the Congress in a reprehensible attitude, not allowed to speak, constantly interrupting him by blunders.
Economic instability and terrorism provoked the discontent of the Peruvian population, that the election of 1990 elected as President Alberto Fujimori.
Presidential Approval.
Garcia's approval in September 1985 was 90% according to the polling support, in December of that year, his 82% approval esuvo. He began 1986 with a 72% approval in April of that year regained popularity and approval rose to 85%, but in July of that year dropped to 70%, as the months passed, year-end approval dropped to 67%. Approval in 1987 continued to decline, being 52% in June, five months fell to 38%. The following year he started with 43%, but the middle of this down to 34% and continued to plummet to 13% (in December). In 1989 the figures continued to fall and started the year with 9% approval rating, at the end of that year approval rose to 14% and in 1990 continued to rise, with 21% in July.
Authorities.
Judiciary.
The ones who served as Presidents of the Supreme Court of Peru:

</doc>
<doc id="36649645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649645" title="Khurzan">
Khurzan

Khurzan (, also Romanized as Khūrzān; also known as Khowzrān) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 398, in 106 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36649656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649656" title="Mentcle, Pennsylvania">
Mentcle, Pennsylvania

Mentcle is an unincorporated community and coal town in Indiana County, Pennsylvania, United States. Its post office closed in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36649661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649661" title="Kamranabad">
Kamranabad

Kamranabad (, also Romanized as Kāmrānābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36649664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649664" title="Kabutar Khan, Semnan">
Kabutar Khan, Semnan

Kabutar Khan (, also Romanized as Kabūtar Khān) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36649667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649667" title="To Travel Sideways">
To Travel Sideways

To Travel Sideways is the tenth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts. It was the first of two albums released by the group in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36649689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649689" title="Dmitri Kutejnikov">
Dmitri Kutejnikov

Dmitri Kutejnikov (1766 - 1844), born in a Don Cossacks noble family and was a Russian Full General in time of Napoleonic Wars. Hero of Battle of Kinburn (1787). Kuteinikov served in wars against France and Turkey, was in a Russian expedition to India in 1800. In Patriotic War of 1812 was at Borodino, Battle of Maloyaroslavets and Battle of Berezina.

</doc>
<doc id="36649725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649725" title="Hanna Shelekh">
Hanna Shelekh

Hanna Shelekh (born 14 July 1993) is a Ukrainian athlete who competes in the pole vault. She competed in the Women's pole vault at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36649740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649740" title="Kabutar Khan">
Kabutar Khan

Kabutar Khan or Kabutarkhan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36649758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649758" title="Marion Lotout">
Marion Lotout

Marion Lotout (born 19 November 1989) is a French athlete who competes in the pole vault. She competed in the Women's pole vault at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
She has personal bests of 4.60 metres outdoors (2013) and 4.40 metres indoors (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="36649762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649762" title="Kela, Semnan">
Kela, Semnan

Kela (, also Romanized as Kelā and Kalā) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36649765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649765" title="Marion County Housing Committee Demonstration House">
Marion County Housing Committee Demonstration House

The Marion County Housing Committee Demonstration House on Wilson St., S., in Salem, Oregon is a small house from c.1860 that was renovated extensively in 1934-1935. It has also been known as the William Beckett House, named for the person believed to be the original owner in the 1860s. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988. It is a work of architects Clarence L. Smith and Frank S. Strubble.

</doc>
<doc id="36649768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649768" title="Chöpfenberg">
Chöpfenberg

The Chöpfenberg (1,896 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Schwyz and Glarus. It lies on the range north of the Mutteristock, between the valleys of the Wägitalersee and the Linth.

</doc>
<doc id="36649769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649769" title="Blough, Pennsylvania">
Blough, Pennsylvania

Blough is an unincorporated community and coal town in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36649771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649771" title="Marina Volnova">
Marina Volnova

Marina Ivanovna Volnova (; born 26 July 1989 in Kzyl-Orda, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union) is a Kazakhstani female amateur boxer.She won the Bronze Medal in the Women's boxing middleweight 75kg category in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36649778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649778" title="Kelatu, Semnan">
Kelatu, Semnan

Kelatu (, also Romanized as Kelātū) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36649788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649788" title="Kalatu">
Kalatu

Kalatu or Kelatu (), also rendered as Kalato, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36649794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649794" title="Kelu, Semnan">
Kelu, Semnan

Kelu (, also Romanized as Kelū) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 199, in 49 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36649801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649801" title="Kelu">
Kelu

Kelu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36649811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649811" title="Kuh Zar, Semnan">
Kuh Zar, Semnan

Kuh Zar (, also Romanized as Kūh Zar) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 494, in 115 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36649818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649818" title="Tomomi Abiko">
Tomomi Abiko

Tomomi Abiko (born 17 March 1988) is a Japanese athlete who competes in the pole vault. She won at the 2012 Japan Championships. She is Japanese record holder in the Women's pole vault. She competed in the Women's pole vault at the 2012 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="36649823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649823" title="Kuh Zar">
Kuh Zar

Kuh Zar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36649834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649834" title="Larry M. Starr">
Larry M. Starr

Larry M. Starr (born 1948) is a higher education academic administrator, university professor and organizational research scientist. His administrative and academic appointments are in the School of Arts and Sciences at the University of Pennsylvania, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA. Starr’s research integrates psychology, medicine and management. He is the author of the position statement, Automated External Defibrillation in the Occupational Setting, issued by the American College of Occupational and Environmental Medicine (ACOEM) released under the auspices of the ACOEM Council of Scientific Advisors.
Education.
Born in Toronto, Canada, Starr graduated from the University of Western Ontario in London, Canada with a B.A. in Psychology then earned an M.S. degree in Experimental Psychology from Villanova University, Villanova, PA in 1973. He earned a Ph.D. in Social-Organizational Psychology from University of Windsor, Windsor, Canada supported by a Doctoral Fellowship from the Canada Council Foundation, now the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada. While a doctoral candidate he had a teaching appointment in the School of Management at Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan and was a clinical psychology intern at the Ontario Hospital School for Retarded Children at Cedar Springs in Chatham-Kent, Ontario, Canada.
Educational and Professional Activities.
Between 1959 and 1965, Starr studied radio, television and theatre at the National Music Camp, now Interlochen Center for the Arts in Michigan and while participating in high school theatre competitions twice won the Sears Ontario Drama Festival Award. In college between 1966 and 1970, he was Executive Producer of the University of Western Ontario Drama Guild, now Theatre Western. 
From 1979 until 1998 he created and was President of Oxygenics, Inc., in Ardmore, Pennsylvania, a medical equipment and training company. Between 1984 and 1998, he was Research Director for Oxygen Therapy Institute (OTI) a medical device manufacturer in Livonia, Michigan. From 1997–1998, he was Science Director for County Line Limited, in Solon, Ohio. In 1998 he sold Oxygenics, Inc. to SOS International which sold it to Complient Corporation in Cleveland, Ohio. From 1999 to 2001 he was Director of Medical Research and Education for both organizations. Complient was subsequently sold to Cardiac Science Corporation, a subsidiary of Opto Cardiac Care Ltd., Bengaluru, India.
During his corporate tenure, Starr was a member of several professional/government-advisory groups including the American Society for Testing and Materials and Compressed Gas Association, and he participated in advisory meetings in collaboration with the US Food and Drug Administration and the US Occupational Safety and Health Administration. He also participated in several US advisory committees which set or recommended standards and policies for the use of emergency first aid and medical equipment in the US and abroad.
Academic Appointments.
In 1984, while maintaining his corporate and advisory roles, he received an adjunct professor appointment from Villanova University where he taught until 2000 in the graduate program of Human Organization Science and in the Departments of Psychology and Political Science. In 2001 he received an appointment to create then direct a Master of Science in Organizational Development and Leadership program at the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine a freestanding medical school in Philadelphia, PA. In 2002 he accepted an appointment to be Executive Director and Senior Scholar in the Organizational Dynamics Graduate Studies Program at the University of Pennsylvania.
Research and Scholarship.
Starr has published and presented more than 120 scholarly documents including books, book chapters, academic papers, training films, and conference papers on a wide range of topics including education and test construction, conspiracy perception, decision making, ethics and moral behavior, leadership, organizational coaching, emergency oxygen equipment, first aid and cardiopulmonary resuscitation, automated external defibrillation, hazardous materials emergency planning, and personality and chocolate. He has been a funded researcher for the American Heart Association and author of health education and training materials for the National Safety Council. For his contributions to the American College of Occupational and Environmental Medicine, the professional society specializing in the branch of clinical medicine most active in the field of Occupational Health, he was awarded the 2002 Meritorious Service Award, the only non-physician to receive this in the College’s history. He also holds a copyright for the “Control of Anxiety in Lifesaving Method (CALM)” © a technique that blends stress management with emergency care training and responding.
Since 2004, he has been studying and writing about the application of systems and design thinking to complex organization problems. To support this, he and colleagues established a multi-disciplinary, multi-institution collaborative research and practice community, the Special Task Force on Reframing the System of Survival for Sudden Cardiac Arrest.

</doc>
<doc id="36649835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649835" title="Ouedraogo">
Ouedraogo

Ouédraogo, sometimes Ouedraogo, is a surname taken from the French spelling of Wedraogo, semi-legendary son of princess Yennenga and founder of the Mossi Kingdom.
The surname may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36649836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649836" title="Navab Nassirshalal">
Navab Nassirshalal

Navab Nassirshalal (, ; born 1 April 1989) is an Iranian weightlifter who won a silver medal in the men's 105 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He began weightlifting at the age of 15 and has also won a bronze medal in the 94 kg class snatch at the 2007 Asian Weightlifting Championships, silver in the 94 kg clean and jerk and bronze overall at the 2009 edition, and gold in the 105kg category in 2012.
Early life.
Nassirshalal was born on April 1, 1989 in Ahvaz and raised in Masjed Soleyman in the Khuzestan Province of Iran. He started weightlifting because of his father at the age of 15, out of the National Iranian Oil Company club in the oil-rich city of Masjed Soleyman. As of 2012 he is studying physical education at the Islamic Azad University Masjed Soleyman Branch and is coached by Kourosh Bagheri of the Iranian national team, a two-time Asian and 2001 World Champion in the 94 kg division. He is a member of Melli Haffari Company Ahvaz Sports Club.
Career.
Nassirshalal made his international debut at the 2006 World Junior Weightlifting Championships in the 94 kg category, where he placed fifth. He earned two bronze medals at the 2007 edition, as well as silver at the 2007 Asian Junior Weightlifting Championships. He also competed at the Asian Championships senior level that year, winning bronze in the 94 kg class snatch. He won another bronze medal at the 2008 World Junior Championship before advancing permanently to the senior division in 2009, where he took silver in the 94 kg clean and jerk and bronze overall at the 2009 Asian Weightlifting Championships. After skipping the 2010 season and switching to the 105 kg division, he next appeared at the 2011 World Weightlifting Championships, placing sixth overall. He won his first international gold medal at the 2012 Asian Weightlifting Championships in the 105 kg snatch category. A technical error in the clean and jerk portion, however, left him out of contention for any more medals at this tournament. He was then selected to compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London where, despite competing with an aching knee, he won a silver medal in the 105 kg division, behind Oleksiy Torokhtiy of Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="36649839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649839" title="Emergency Medical Services Exemplary Service Medal">
Emergency Medical Services Exemplary Service Medal

The Emergency Medical Services Exemplary Service Medal () is a Canadian service medal for Emergency medical service personnel. The medal honours 20 years of exemplary service by professional pre-hospital emergency medical service personnel. It is, within the Canadian system of honours, the fifth of the exemplary service medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36649843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649843" title="One Raffles Place">
One Raffles Place

One Raffles Place, formerly Overseas Union Bank Centre or OUB Centre is one of the three tallest skyscrapers in the city of Singapore, sharing the title with the UOB Plaza and Republic Plaza. At , it was the tallest building in the world outside North America at the time of its completion in 1986, surpassing South Korea's 63 Building completed one year earlier, until it was succeeded by the Bank of China Tower. The building sits at the city centre of Raffles Place.
Events.
Frenchman Alain Robert, well known for climbing skyscrapers, attempted a climb on this building in 2000. After reaching the 21st floor, the police dissuaded Robert's ascent, and he re-entered the building through a window on the 23rd floor.
New tower.
A new commercial tower was constructed next to the existing tower. Ground bearing ceremony was on 26 September 2008. The new tower was open in 2011 with 38 floors. Upon completion of the new tower the complex was officially renamed One Raffles Place.

</doc>
<doc id="36649858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649858" title="Egmont von Hosstrup">
Egmont von Hosstrup

Egmont von Hosstrup (born 1 October 1813 in Hamburg, died 1876) was a German publisher, theatre director and head of the Hamburger Börsenhalle.
He was the son of Gerhard von Hosstrup (1771–1851) and Sophie Henriette Elisabeth (Betty) Seyler (1789–1837), a granddaughter of Abel Seyler, and studied law in Göttingen and Heidelberg, earning a Doctor of Laws degree at Heidelberg in 1836. In 1845 he married Luise Auguste Thesdorp, a step-daughter of the Hamburg lawyer with the supreme court ("Obergerichtsadvokat") A. Stulmann. After the death of his father, he became director of the Hamburger Börsenhalle. He was the publisher of "Liste der Börsenhalle" and "Literarische und Kritische Blätter der Börsenhalle".
He was a cousin of Johann Ernst Pinckernelle, founder of the Hamburg ship broker company G. & J. E. Pinckernelle.

</doc>
<doc id="36649864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649864" title="Issiaka">
Issiaka

Issiaka is a masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36649867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649867" title="Zindlenspitz">
Zindlenspitz

The Zindlenspitz (2,097 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Schwyz and Glarus. It lies on the range between the Wägitalersee and the Obersee, south of the Brünnelistock.

</doc>
<doc id="36649880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649880" title="Garhjat Hills">
Garhjat Hills

The Garhjat Hills are a series low lying hills, plateaux, ridges and meadows that the Utkal Plains from the Chotanagpur region of Jharkhand and the Chhattisgarh Plains. These hills, also known as the Odisha Highlands, run in a north east to south west direction for about 382 km along the Odisha coast, covering 76,800 km2. They are a northward extension of the Eastern Ghats.
Name and History.
The Garhjat region derives its name from the Persian term for forts, "garh", and were named by the Mughals who conquered Odisha under Akbar. Under the Marathas too Odisha was divided into the Mughalbandhi and Garhjat provinces and the latter was ruled by 24 vassal chiefs who paid tribute to the Marathas. These states later came to be known as the Garhjat states. These hills cover the present day districts of Sundargarh, Sambalpur, Deogarh, Jharsuguda, Baragarh, and Kendujhar in northern Odisha. Rourkela in Sundargarh district is a major industrial town.
Geology.
The Garhjat hills are bounded by the Chotanagpur Plateau in the north, the Utkal plains in the east, the Mahanadi basin or the Chhattisgarh plains in the west and the Eastern Ghats to the south. Geologically, the region comprises crystalline rocks such as granites and gneisses that belong to the Archaean period. The Talcher, Barakar and Kamathi series of rocks containing shales and sandstones occur in the Sambalpur and Dhei districts.
Drainage.
The northern Garhjat hills are a part of the Chotanagpur plateau while the southern part is an extension of the Eastern Ghats and can be divided into three - the northern uplands, the Mahanadi valley, and the south-western hills. The important rivers that drain the Garhjat hills are the Brahmani, the Mahanadi, the Baitarani and the Subarnarekha. The Odisha Highlands are densely forested with tropical semi-evergreen and tropical dry and moist deciduous forests. The Scheduled Tribes account for as much as 37% of the regions population and the Gonds are a major tribal group of this region. Malaria is a major public health concern in these hills.
Major Peaks.
Some of the important peaks of the Garhjat Hills include the Malayagiri, Manakamacha and Meghasani. The Mahanadi river bisects these hills and to its south, the hills tend to gain elevation. The highest peak to the south is the Mahendragiri in Gajapati district.

</doc>
<doc id="36649905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649905" title="Carlos Sánchez (boxer)">
Carlos Sánchez (boxer)

"For other people with the same name, see Carlos Sánchez (disambiguation)."
Carlos Sánchez (born 25 July 1988 in Loja, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian boxer. He competed in the 2011 Pan American Games and in the Men's welterweight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics but lost to Irish Adam Nolan in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36649907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649907" title="Howard Marks (investor)">
Howard Marks (investor)

Howard Stanley Marks (born 1946) is an American investor and writer. After working in senior positions at Citibank early in his career, Marks joined TCW in 1985 and created and led the High Yield, Convertible Securities and Distressed Debt groups. In 1995, he left TCW and co-founded Oaktree Capital Management. In the 2011 "Forbes" rankings of the wealthiest Americans, Marks was ranked the #273 richest in the United States, with a net worth of $1.5 billion.
He is known in the investment community for his "Oaktree memos" to clients which detail investment strategies and insight into the economy, and in 2011 he published the book "The Most Important Thing: Uncommon Sense for the Thoughtful Investor".
Early life and education.
Howard Marks was born in 1946 and raised in Queens, New York. He attended the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania for undergraduate studies, where he graduated cum laude in 1967 with a major in finance and a minor in Japanese Studies. At the age of 23, he earned an MBA in Accounting and Marketing from the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago where he won the George Hay Brown Prize. He moved to New York to start work and in 1980 transitioned to Los Angeles, California.
Career.
Early years.
Starting in 1969 and continuing until 1978, Marks worked at Citicorp first as an equity research analyst and then as the company's Director of Research. From 1978 to 1985 he served as the company's Vice President, as well as a senior portfolio manager overlooking convertible and high yield securities.
In 1985 he joined the TCW Group where he led the groups that were responsible for investments in high yield bonds and convertible securities, and in 1988 he and Bruce Karsh organized one of the first distressed debt funds from a mainstream financial institution. He was also Chief Investment Officer for domestic fixed income, and the President of TCW Asset Management Company. He remained with the company until 1995.
Oaktree.
In 1995 Marks and five other partners left TCW to found Oaktree Capital Management in Los Angeles. The investment firm grew rapidly, focusing on high-yeld bonds, distressed debt, private equity, and adding further strategies. He remains Chairman of the organization.
During the 2008 financial crisis Oaktree raised $10.9 billion, the largest distressed debt fund in history, to buy distressed assets, which "paid off richly for his investors," according to CNN. According to "Bloomberg", ”Oaktree’s 17 distressed-debt funds have averaged annual gains of 19 percent after fees for the past 22 years — about 7 percentage points better than its peers tracked by Boston-based consulting firm Cambridge Associates LLC”.
In early 2012, Oaktree listed shares on the NYSE. The IPO raised $380 million, selling 8.84 million shares for $43 each.
Writing.
Marks consistently writes what he calls "memos to Oaktree clients" which outline his views on investing, the markets, and economies. According to CNN, he is "Admired for the folksy charm and astute commentary of his letters to investors." According to "Business Insider", "the letters read like Michael Lewis ghostwriting for Warren Buffett: insightful, direct, homespun, expert and sharply pointed. Their quality and insight have gained them a devoted readership among value investors."
In March 2011 he published the book "The Most Important Thing: Uncommon Sense for the Thoughtful Investor" through Columbia Business School Press. The book covered his investment strategies and analysis of market opportunity and risk. The book was praised by Warren Buffett, who called it a rarity in its usefulness. According to Buffett, "When I see memos from Howard Marks in my mail, they're the first thing I open and read. I always learn something, and that goes double for his book."
In 2012 he contributed the article "Warning Flags" to the compendium "The Gathering Storm", a collection of essays by investment managers where all proceeds went to charity.
Organizations.
In 1992, he created the Howard S. Marks Terms Scholarship to provide renewable scholarships to undergraduates at the University of Pennsylvania, and in 2009 he endowed the Marks Family Writing Center at the university. From 2000 to 2010 he chaired the Trustees' Investment Board at The University of Pennsylvania. He is a member of the New York Society of Security Analysts and the Investment Committees of the Edmund Safra Foundation, and the Leona and Harry Helmsley Charitable Trust.
Personal life.
Marks' first marriage ended in divorce. He has one biological child with his second wife Nancy: Andrew Marks, a Managing Director at the hedge fund Blue Ridge Capital, LLC; and one step-child: Jane Hait, from Nancy's prior marriage. He is a Trustee of the University of Pennsylvania and Mount Sinai Hospital. His wife has a B.A. in Psychology from New York University (1971) and an M.A. from Columbia University Teachers College (1972). She is a member of the Board of Directors for the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art. They live in New York City and London and are members of the Wilshire Boulevard Temple.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36649931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649931" title="Johan Eurén">
Johan Eurén

Johan Eurén (born May 18, 1985) is a Swedish wrestler. Eurén is competing for Sweden in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
He won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's Greco-Roman 120 kg category.

</doc>
<doc id="36649934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649934" title="William M. Folger">
William M. Folger

Rear Admiral William Mayhew Folger (19 May 1844 – 22 July 1928) was an officer in the United States Navy. He served in the American Civil War, Spanish-American War, and Philippine-American War, and briefly was Commander-in-Chief of the United States Asiatic Fleet.
Naval career.
Folger was born in Massillon, Ohio, on 19 May 1844, the son of Robert H. Folger and grandson of the famed whaling captain Mayhew Folger. He was appointed a midshipman from Ohio on 21 September 1861, shortly after the April 1861 outbreak of the American Civil War. He entered the United States Naval Academy, which moved from Annapolis, Maryland, to Newport, Rhode Island, for the duration of the war, as a member of the class of 1865. He graduated early from the Academy, on 22 November 1864, because of the pressing need for officers in the greatly expanded wartime U.S. Navy, and reported for duty on 6 February 1865 aboard the receiving ship at the New York Navy Yard in Brooklyn, New York. He then served on the training ship , where he remained through the end of the war in April 1865 and until 25 July 1865.
Folger served aboard the flagship of the Asiatic Squadron, the sloop-of-war , from 25 July 1865 to 6 August 1868, and while aboard was commissioned as an ensign on 1 November 1866 and promoted to master on 1 December 1866 and to lieutenant on 12 March 1868. After leaving "Hartford", he had duty at the Norfolk Navy Yard in Portsmouth, Virginia, for a time in 1868 before reporting aboard the screw frigate , the flagship of the European Squadron, in October 1868. He was promoted to lieutenant commander on 27 April 1869 while aboard "Franklin". He served on the staff of the European Squadron during 1872.
Folger had ordnance duty from 1873 to 1874, then took leave to travel in Europe from 1875 to 1876. He reported for duty aboard the screw sloop-of-war in the European Squadron in 1877, then transferred to the staff of the U.S. Naval Academy for duty from 1877 to 1879. He was aboard the screw sloop-of-war in the Asiatic Squadron from 1879 to 1882, then served in the Bureau of Ordnance in 1882 before performing ordnance duty at Annapolis, Maryland, from 1882 to 1885. He was promoted to commander on 1 March 1885.
Folger returned to sea as the commanding officer of the screw corvette in the European Squadron. He then was Inspector of Ordnance at the Washington Navy Yard in Washington, D.C., from 1888 to 1890, and from February 1890 to January 1893 was Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance with the temporary rank of commodore. He commanded the gunboat in operations in the Bering Sea and in the Asiatic Squadron from 1894 to 1895. He was a lighthouse inspector from 1896 to 1897, and was promoted to captain on 6 February 1898.
At the outbreak of the Spanish-American War in April 1898, Folger took command of the protected cruiser in the North Atlantic Squadron, leading her through the end of war in August 1898, seeing service in the Flying Squadron off Cuba and in bombardments of Santiago de Cuba on 6 and 16 June 1898. He detached from "New Orleans" in February 1899, and then was commander of the Philippine Squadron of the Asiatic Squadron from April to September 1899, during which time the squadron saw action in the Philippine-American War. He next was general inspector on the new battleship , still fitting out prior to commissioning, and became her first commanding officer when she was commissioned on 20 February 1900. He detached from "Kearsarge" in May 1901 and again became a lighthouse inspector, carrying out this duty in the Third District until late 1903 or early in 1904.
Folger became commander of the Philippine Squadron of the United States Asiatic Fleet in early 1904 and was soon promoted to rear admiral, on 1 June 1904. Later in 1904, he took command of the fleets Cruiser Squadron. He served briefly as commander-in-Chief of the Asiatic Fleet from 23 March 1905 to 30 March 1905.
Folger retired from the Navy on 30 June 1905.
Personal life.
Folger was an Original Companion of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States.
Folger House, his home of many years in Cornish, New Hampshire, is on the National Register of Historic Places in the United States.
Death.
Folger died in Cornish on the evening of Sunday, 22 July 1928, after an illness of three weeks. He is buried at Mount Auburn Cemetery in Cambridge and Watertown, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="36649949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649949" title="Robert P. Coogan">
Robert P. Coogan

Robert Paul Coogan (born April 1, 1922) is a retired vice admiral in the United States Navy who served as commander of the U.S. Navy's Third Fleet in 1975. Coogan was also Commandant of Midshipmen at the United States Naval Academy from 1969 until 1971. He was born in Newport, Rhode Island. He now resides in San Diego, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36649953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649953" title="Nadezhda Torlopova">
Nadezhda Torlopova

Nadezhda Viktorovna Torlopova (, born 23 November 1978) is a Russian boxer. 
Career.
Torlopova, a female amateur boxer, competed for the Russian Federation in women's middleweight boxing at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, winning the silver medal, after losing to American boxer Claressa Shields 12–19 in the final.
Personal life.
Torlopova is married to her husband, Vladimir, and has one son, Stanislav.

</doc>
<doc id="36649961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649961" title="Hossein Hosseini (born 1988)">
Hossein Hosseini (born 1988)

Seyyed Hossein Hosseini () is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Paykan in Iran's Premier Football League.
Career.
Hosseini joined Paykan in Summer 2011.
References.
,

</doc>
<doc id="36649975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36649975" title="Kutejnikov family">
Kutejnikov family

Kutejnikov () was the name of noble family of Don Cossacks origin. The most famous member of the family Dmitri Kutejnikov (1766 - 1844), born of Don Voisko Staff Officers kids. Was a Russian Full General of Cavalry in time of Napoleonic Wars. Hero of Battle of Kinburn (1787). Kuteinikov served in wars against France and Turkey, was in a Russian expedition to India in 1800. In Patriotic War of 1812 was at battles of Borodino, Maloyaroslavets and Berezina.

</doc>
<doc id="36650001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650001" title="G. &amp; J. E. Pinckernelle">
G. &amp; J. E. Pinckernelle

G. & J. E. Pinckernelle is a Hamburg insurance broker firm, established on 1 December 1857 by the brothers Gustav and Johann Ernst Pinckernelle (1827–1906). The company however traces its roots to the ship broker company E. F. Pinckernelle, established by their father Ernst Friedrich Pinckernelle in Hamburg in 1818.
Ernst Friedrich Pinckernelle was born in Magdeburg in 1787. In 1818, he married Louise Seyler (1799–1849), a member of the Berenberg-Gossler-Seyler banking dynasty. She was a daughter of banker Ludwig Edwin Seyler and a granddaughter of theatre director Abel Seyler and banker Johann Hinrich Gossler. Pinckernelle died in Hamburg in 1868. Louise Seyler's sisters Elisabeth (Betty) (1789–1837) and Luise Auguste were married to Gerhard von Hosstrup and her sister Henriette (born 1805), was married to Norwegian industrialist Jacob Benjamin Wegner.

</doc>
<doc id="36650006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650006" title="Jackson Street Bridge">
Jackson Street Bridge

The Jackson Street Bridge is a bridge on the Passaic River between Newark and Harrison, New Jersey. The swing bridge is the 6th bridge from the river's mouth at Newark Bay and is upstream from it. Opened in 1903 and substantially rehabilitated in 1991 it is listed on the New Jersey Register of Historic Places (ID#1274) and is eligible for the National Register of Historic Places. The bridge was re-lamped in 2012.
The lower of the 90-mile (140 km) long Passaic River downstream of the Dundee Dam is tidally influenced and navigable, but due to the limited maritime traffic the bridge is infrequently required to open. It is one of three functional vehicular and pedestrian swing bridges in the city, the others being the Clay Street Bridge and the Bridge Street Bridge. Since 1998, rules regulating drawbridge operations require a four-hour notice for them to be opened.
The bridge crosses the river at a point where former industrial uses are giving way to commercial, residential, and recreational development. The US Army Corps of Engineers is undertaking a rehabilitation of the river including oversight of environmental remediation and reconstruction of bulkheads.
At its southern end in the Newark Ironbound, the bridge crosses over Raymond Boulevard, a major thoroughfare in the city between the Pulaski Skyway and Downtown Newark. It is adjacent to Riverbank Park and the new Joseph G. Minish Passaic River Waterfront Park being developed along the riverfront.
At its northern end the bridge in Harrison begins a street named for Frank E. Rodgers, once one of the longest serving mayors of the United States. The district along the waterfront has been largely cleared of former industrial buildings and has become home to Red Bull Arena.

</doc>
<doc id="36650010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650010" title="Sofya Ochigava">
Sofya Ochigava

Sofya Albertovna Ochigava (, born 7 July 1987) is a Russian female amateur boxer, who competed for Russia in the lightweight category (under 60 kg) at the 2012 AIBA Women's World Boxing Championships and the 2012 Summer Olympics. She went head to head with Irish boxer Katie Taylor in the title match on both occasions, with Taylor emerging victorious both times. She was also three times European champion (2005, 2007, 2009), and twice World champion (2005, 2006). In 2008, she won the bronze medal of the World championship.
Ochigava was born in the city of Odintsovo, Moscow Oblast, Soviet Union, where she is still a resident. She has Georgian origin. She started to train in kickboxing, but eventually moved to amateur boxing. In 2009, she mentioned that she had no interest in moving to professional boxing.

</doc>
<doc id="36650019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650019" title="Kiss Me Before the Light Changes">
Kiss Me Before the Light Changes

Kiss Me Before the Light Changes is the eleventh studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts. It was the second of two albums released by the group in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36650029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650029" title="John B. Frank">
John B. Frank

John B. Frank (born 1956) is the Managing Principal of Oaktree Capital Management.
Early life.
John Bernkopf Frank was born in 1956. He attended Wesleyan University, where he graduated with a B.A. in history. Afterwards, he became a legislative assistant to Robert F. Drinan, a member of Congress. Frank later received his J.D. from University of Michigan Law School where he was managing editor of the "Michigan Law Review" and a member of the Order of the Coif. He is a member of the State Bar of California.
Career.
After graduating from the University of Michigan Law School, Frank became a law clerk for Frank M. Coffin of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. In 1984 he went to Munger, Tolles & Olson. While in private practice he was listed in Woodward and White's Best Lawyers in America.
In July 2001 he joined Oaktree Capital Management as General Counsel. He remained in that position until 2006, and in May 2007 he became Managing Principal of Oaktree Capital Management.
Personal life.
He is a trustee at Wesleyan University and the Polytechnic School and Good Samaritan Hospital of Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="36650033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650033" title="Divji Potok">
Divji Potok

Divji Potok (; also "Vildpoh", or "Wildbach") is a former settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Nova Gora.
History.
Divji Potok was a Gottschee German village. Before the Second World War it had two houses and 14 residents. The original inhabitants were expelled in the fall of 1941, and the village was burned by Italian troops in the summer of 1942 during the Rog Offensive. The foundations of two sawmills that stood at the site are still visible.

</doc>
<doc id="36650034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650034" title="Bariatric ambulance">
Bariatric ambulance

A bariatric ambulance is an ambulance vehicle modified to carry the severely obese. They have extra-wide interiors, and carry "bariatric stretchers" and specialized lifting gear that is capable of carrying very large patients. They are required as a result of the increasing prevalence of obesity in the general population.

</doc>
<doc id="36650043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650043" title="List of works by F. X. Velarde">
List of works by F. X. Velarde

Francis Xavier Velarde (1897–1961) was an English architect who practised in Liverpool, Merseyside, England. He trained at the Liverpool School of Architecture where he later taught. His works are mainly in Merseyside and Northwest England. His major works were churches. Although Pollard and Pevsner state that he "worked exclusively for the Roman Catholic Church", he did design one Anglican church, St Gabriel, Blackburn. Velarde also designed Roman Catholic schools. This list includes some of his major works.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36650066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650066" title="German submarine U-281">
German submarine U-281

German submarine "U-281" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The submarine was laid down on 7 May 1942 at the "Bremer Vulkan" yard at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 46. She was launched on 16 January 1943 and commissioned on 27 February under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Heinz von Davidson.
Service history.
"U-279" served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla for training from February to July 1943 and operationally with the 7th flotilla from 1 August. She carried out four patrols, but sank no ships. She was a member of 11 wolfpacks.
1st patrol.
After two short voyages in Norwegian waters, the boat headed for occupied France, departing Kiel on 6 October 1943, the 'long' way round the British Isles. She passed between Iceland and the Faroe Islands and into the Atlantic Ocean. She was attacked by a B-24 Liberator east of Cape Farewell (Greenland) on the 17th. The aircraft's depth charges fell short, but three men were wounded by machine gun fire. The submarine arrived at St. Nazaire on 26 November.
2nd patrol.
"U-281"s second patrol was to mid-Atlantic and at 61 days, was to be her longest.
3rd patrol.
By contrast, her third patrol was the shortest; she did not get out of the Bay of Biscay.
Return to Germany and surrender.
She then made the short journey from St. Nazaire to La Pallice, further south along the French Atlantic coast in August 1944, before undertaking the longer voyage to Kristiansand in Norway, again negotiating the gap between Iceland and the Faroes, but in the other direction. She did not stay in Norway long, arriving at Flensburg on 5 November 1944.
The submarine surrendered at Kristiansand-Sud on 9 May 1945. She was transferred to Loch Ryan in Scotland via Scapa Flow for Operation "Deadlight". She was sunk on 30 November 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="36650085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650085" title="Brandy Camp, Pennsylvania">
Brandy Camp, Pennsylvania

Brandy Camp is an unincorporated community and coal town in Elk County, Pennsylvania, United States. 
Their post office closed in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36650095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650095" title="Allan Trautman">
Allan Trautman

Allan Trautman (born 1955) is an actor and puppeteer. He is originally from Brooklyn, New York. Trautman has a B.A. in Physics and Drama from Washington University in St. Louis. He had his first job as a puppeteer during college working on "The Letter People". He also has an MFA in Acting from California Institute of the Arts. Trautman spent two summers performing at the Colorado Shakespeare Festival. He stayed in Los Angeles after graduation and performed with Sid and Marty Krofft. Trautman began working with the Muppets in 1990 on "Muppet*Vision 3D", still showing in the Disney theme parks. He has been working with Jim Henson's Creature Shop since 1991 on animatronic projects as well as The Henson Digital Performance Studio. He is a cast member of Henson Alternative's puppet improv show, "Puppet Up!" (aka "Stuffed and Unstrung"), touring to such places as Melbourne and Sydney, Australia. He has also teaches Improvisation at College of the Canyons in Santa Clarita, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36650107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650107" title="Daffy's Rhapsody">
Daffy's Rhapsody

Daffy's Rhapsody is a 2012 theatrical 3D computer-animated short film starring Mel Blanc and Billy West as Daffy Duck and Elmer Fudd. It was released on February 10, 2012 in front of "". The short has not yet been released on home video.
Plot.
The film stars the two "Looney Tunes" characters Daffy Duck and Elmer Fudd. Elmer goes to see an anti-duck-hunting musical starring Daffy and his hunter instincts kick in, prompting him to chase Daffy throughout the short while Daffy sings to the tune of Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2.

</doc>
<doc id="36650111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650111" title="Yuriy Andryushin">
Yuriy Andryushin

Yuriy Andryushin is a paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S7 events.
Yuriy has competed at three Paralympics for the Ukrainian Paralympic swimming team winning a single medal each time. His first games in 1996 led to a bronze in the 100m freestyle, he also competed in the 50m freestyle finishing sixth and 400m freestyle where he failed to make the final. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney he competed in the 50m and 100m freestyle finishing fifth in both but it was in the 50m butterfly where he won a gold medal in a new world record time. In his third games in 2004 he could only manage a bronze in the 50m butterfly but also competed in the 100m freestyle where he was disqualified in his heat, finished eighth in the 200m medley, the 50m freestyle where he finished sixth and was part of the Ukrainian teams in the 4x100m freestyle that failed to make the final and the 4x100m medley that finished sixth.

</doc>
<doc id="36650112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650112" title="Mayette">
Mayette

Mayette may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650117" title="Dmytro Kuzmin">
Dmytro Kuzmin

Dmytro Kuzmin () is a Paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category SB12 events.
Kuzmin is from Poltava. He competed as part of the Ukrainian swimming team at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and was part of the 4x100m freestyle team that won gold in the 49pts race in a new world record time. In his individual events he won a bronze in the 100m breastroke, finished fifth in the 50m freestyle, fourth in the 400m freestyle, fifth in the 200m medley, and failed to reach the final of the 100m freestyle. He later began skiing.

</doc>
<doc id="36650121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650121" title="Capsicum conicum">
Capsicum conicum

Capsicum conicum may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650129" title="Serhiy Demchuk">
Serhiy Demchuk

Sergiy Demchuk is a paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S12 events.
Sergiy was part of the Ukrainian Paralympic swimming team that travelled to both the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics. In 2004 he was part of the Ukrainian squad that broke the world record and won gold in bith the 4x100m freestyle and the 4x100m medley. He was not as successful in individual events, he failed to make the final of the 50m and 100m freestyle and finished seventh in the 100m butterfly. He did not compete in the relays in 2008 but competed in the same individual events and again he missed out on the finals in the 50m and 100m freestyle events and finished sixth in the 100m butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="36650140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650140" title="Toby, Elk County, Pennsylvania">
Toby, Elk County, Pennsylvania

Toby is an unincorporated community and coal town in Elk County, Pennsylvania, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36650160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650160" title="Coal Hollow, Pennsylvania">
Coal Hollow, Pennsylvania

Coal Hollow is an unincorporated community and coal town in Elk County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was also known as Toby Mines.

</doc>
<doc id="36650171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650171" title="Bills–Patriots rivalry">
Bills–Patriots rivalry

The Bills–Patriots rivalry is a rivalry between two franchises in the National Football League's The teams play in the AFC East, and play two scheduled games each season as a result. The series debuted in 1960 as part of the American Football League. With the 2013 season the Patriots lead the series 65–41–1; the two clubs have combined for thirteen AFL/AFC championships.
Six Bills players, coach Marv Levy, and team founder Ralph Wilson are enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame, while five Patriots players and coach Bill Parcells are presently enshrined in Canton.
Bills Hall of Famer Jim Kelly compiled a 12–8 career record against the Patriots with 29 touchdowns and 28 interceptions; O.J. Simpson compiled a 10–4 record against the Patriots with 14 rushing touchdowns and three touchdown catches. Tom Brady presently holds a record of 22–2 against the Bills with 54 touchdowns and 19 interceptions.
History.
1960–69.
The Bills and Patriots played for the first time in a preseason game during the first season of the American Football League on July 30, 1960. The game was played at War Memorial Stadium in Buffalo, and the Patriots won the game 28–7. The teams met for their first regular season game during Week 3 of the inaugural season of the American Football League in 1960. The game was played at Nickerson Field at Boston University on Friday, September 23, 1960. The Bills scored a touchdown in each of the first two quarters and shut the Patriots out 13–0.
The two teams met for their first and only playoff match in the AFL divisional game in December 1963. The Patriots won 26–8. In this game, Jack Kemp played quarterback for the Bills and Gino Cappelletti made four field goals and two extra points to help lift the Patriots to victory.
Throughout the remainder of the decade, the teams would complete a 12–9 record in favor of the Patriots. The Bills won the AFL championship game in 1964 and 1965, and won the division in 1966. The Patriots lost to the San Diego Chargers in their only championship appearance in 1963.
1970–79.
In the 1970s, the two teams played each other in the NFL, after the AFL–NFL merger. During this time period, the Bills defeated the Patriots 12 games to 8. The Bills sustained a winning streak of 11 games from November 1971 to October 1977. Much of this was due to the performance of O.J. Simpson and the "electric company" offensive personnel for the Bills. The two teams played a pair of highly competitive games in the 1974 season. The Bills withstood a late Patriots rally at Rich Stadium to win 30–28 on October 20. Two weeks later on November 3 the Bills edged out the Patriots 29–28 when a last-second field goal attempt by the Patriots was blocked.
O.J. Simpson had one of the most dramatic games of his career on November 23, 1975 against the Patriots. Simpson ran in two touchdowns and caught two touchdown passes from Joe Ferguson as the Bills won 45–31. Patriots rookie Steve Grogan threw for 365 yards and two touchdowns but was intercepted three times.
1976 was his final year in Buffalo; on October 24 Simpson rushed for 110 yards and two touchdowns in a 26-22 Patriots win. Two weeks later on November 7 Simpson was held to just eight rushing yards and was ejected following a scuffle at midfield; Patriots rookie Mike Haynes ran back a second quarter punt 89 yards for a touchdown, the first such touchdown in Patriots history. The Patriots won the game 20-10, their first season sweep of the Bills since 1968.
1980–89.
The 1980s was a dominant decade for the Patriots, with New England winning the decade series 13–6. The Patriots also completed their own 11-game winning streak over the Bills from January 1983 to September 1988. The Bills began to rebuild their team in the late 1980s with the additions of Jim Kelly at quarterback, Thurman Thomas as running back, Andre Reed as a receiver, Bruce Smith on defense, and Marv Levy as coach. The Bills bested the Patriots to win the AFC East division four years in a row from 1988–92. During the final stretch of the 1980s, the Bills took three out of four meetings with the Patriots.
1990–99.
In the 1990 season, the Bills reached the Super Bowl for the first time, playing against the New York Giants in Super Bowl XXV. Although obviously not a game in the rivalry, the 1990 Giants were coached by Bill Parcells (who'd been linebackers coach with the Patriots in 1980 and defensive coordinator Bill Belichick; both would become head coach of the Patriots. The Giants won 20–19.
The Bills continued to dominate the Patriots in the first part of the decade, winning eight of the first nine games, including five straight. New England, however, made the rivalry more competitive with the addition of Drew Bledsoe as quarterback and the hiring of Parcells as head coach. The Bills also saw many of their Super Bowl players leave during this time period. By the end of the 1990s, the Bills led the decade with 12 wins to the Patriots' 8 wins. Throughout the decade, the two teams combined to win the AFC East six times, with the Patriots reaching the Super Bowl in 1996 and the Bills reaching the Super Bowl in 1990, 1991, 1992, and 1993.
The decade saw several memorable games between the two. On September 11, 1994 the Patriots, under new team owner Robert Kraft, hosted the Bills; Buffalo led 28–14 at the half and 35–21 at the start of the fourth quarter after Mike Lodish grabbed a Patriots fumble at the New England goalline. The Patriots scored two touchdowns to tie the game but Buffalo won 38–35 after Steve Christie booted a 32-yard field goal at the end of the fourth.
Late that season the Bills hosted the Patriots; Buffalo was 7–7 while the Patriots were 8–6. Buffalo's run of playoff appearances ended when the Patriots erased a 17–3 gap, scoring 38 unanswered points. Frank Reich, replacing Jim Kelly, was intercepted twice and the Bills fumbled three times; Ricky Reynolds ran back a Buffalo fumble for a touchdown. The 41–17 Patriots win eliminated Buffalo from the playoffs.
In 1995 the Patriots authored their first season sweep of Buffalo since 1987. The Patriots won on "Monday Night Football" on October 23, winning 27–14. Then on November 26 the Bills at Rich Stadium clawed to a 25–13 lead after three quarters, but in the fourth Bledsoe threw two touchdowns to Ben Coates, then Chris Slade scored on a Kelly interception and a 35–25 Patriots win.
1996 was Jim Kelly's last season; his Bills won 17–10 on September 8 at Rich Stadium on a 63-yard touchdown throw to Quinn Early and then on a last-second goalline stand. On October 27 at Foxboro Stadium the Bills clawed to an 18–15 lead at the two-minute warning; Curtis Martin ran in a ten-yard score, then Willie McGinest intercepted Kelly and ran in a 46-yard touchdown, but Kelly then completed a 48-yard touchdown off two Patriots defenders to Andre Reed; the onside kick failed and the Patriots won 28–25.
The 1998 season saw the return of Doug Flutie, who'd been Patriots quarterback in 1988–89; he replaced Rob Johnson as Bills quarterback after Buffalo started 1–3. Flutie led the Bills to win four of his first five starts, including a 13–10 victory over the Patriots at Rich Stadium on November 15, but on November 29 in Flutie's return to Foxboro Stadium the Patriots, despite a broken index finger for Drew Bledsoe, rallied to a controversial last-second touchdown to Ben Coates and a 25–21 Patriots win.
The Bills behind Flutie finished the decade defeating the Patriots twice in 1999.
2000–09.
The 2000s was the most lopsided decade for the rivalry to date. On November 5, 2000 Flutie and the Bills defeated the Patriots and new head coach Bill Belichick at Foxboro Stadium 16–13 in ovetime. But after this the Patriots won eighteen of the next nineteen against the Bills.
This decade also saw several notable personnel changes. Following New England's 2001 championship year, Drew Bledsoe was traded by New England to Buffalo in 2002. Lawyer Milloy was then cut after the 2003 preseason and was immediately signed by Buffalo. Doug Flutie, released by the Bills after 2000, joined the Patriots by way of the San Diego Chargers in 2005.
The Patriots assembled a five-game winning streak over the Buffalo Bills in the beginning of the decade, which was snapped when Buffalo defeated the Patriots 31–0 during the first game of the 2003 season. However, the Patriots then defeated the Bills by the same score in their next match up. That win began a 15-game winning streak for the Patriots against the Bills stretching through 2010.
The game on December 28, 2008 was noteworthy; the regular season finale, the 10–5 Patriots needed a win and help from other teams to win the AFC East, while the 7–8 Bills were wrapping up the ninth straight season without a playoff berth. Played with severe wind gusts that required stadium officials to use ropes to keep the goalposts from swaying, the game was a 13–0 Patriots win as Matt Cassel, subbing for injured Tom Brady, threw only eight passes.
2010 – present.
The game on September 26, 2010 was noteworthy on several levels. It was the highest-scoring game in the series (38–30 Patriots win) since 1994. It was first start of the season for Buffalo's former backup quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick. Randy Moss caught two touchdowns; they turned out to be his last with the Patriots.
On September 25, 2011, the Bills came back from a 21–0 deficit to defeat the Patriots 34–31 and snap the 15-game losing streak. Despite this win, the Patriots won the final meeting of the season, erasing a 21–0 Bills lead to win 49–21; coming a week after erasing a 17–0 lead to Miami, it was the largest comeback win since erasing a 21-point gap against the Bears.
The two clubs clashed in a pair of memorable games in 2012. On September 30 the Patriots erased a 21–7 Bills lead in the third quarter by outscoring them 45–7, winning 52–28. On November 11 the Bills stayed toe to toe with the Patriots; down 37–31 the Bills were driving until Devin McCourty intercepted a Fitzpatrick pass in the endzone.
The Week 1 game of 2013 on September 8, 2013 featured the Patriots at the Bills. The Patriots narrowly defeated the Bills 23–21 on the final drive of an ugly but close-fought game; it was the first start for Bills rookie quarterback EJ Manuel, who threw two touchdowns in the contest. Manuel was unable to play in the Week 17 rematch in a rain-swept Gillette Stadium and was replaced by Thad Lewis. The Patriots won 34-20 behind over 300 all-purpose yards from LeGarrette Blount.
Entering 2014, the Patriots lead the decade series 7–1.
Connections between the teams.
There have been several players who have played for the Bills and Patriots, including:
In addition to players, the two teams have shared head coaches. Lou Saban was the first coach in Patriots history but was fired after five games of the 1961 season. He took over the Bills in 1962 and won two American Football League titles (1964–65). After a five-season period in Denver he returned to the Bills for the 1972–76 period, helping make O.J. Simpson an NFL star.
Hank Bullough coached both teams – he was co-head coach (with Ron Erhardt) for the Patriots at the end of 1978 and coached the Bills for the final twelve games of 1985 and the first nine games of 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36650189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650189" title="Pseudergolinae">
Pseudergolinae

Pseudergolinae is a small subfamily of nymphalid brush-footed butterflies. It is considered to include only seven species in four genera distributed mainly in the Oriental region.
Systematics.
The circumscription of Pseudergolinae has seen some changes in the recent years, when it was first suggested that the tribes Cyrestini and Pseudergolini formed a monophyletic clade with subfamily status under the name Cyrestinae, but then the tribes were split again—with subfamily status—as their positions within the Nymphalidae were defined more clearly. It is now considered to be the sister group to the larger nymphaline clade, which includes the Nymphalinae, Cyrestinae, Apaturinae and Biblidinae. 
Four genera are recognized in the subfamily:

</doc>
<doc id="36650209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650209" title="Pleš, Dolenjske Toplice">
Pleš, Dolenjske Toplice

Pleš (; ) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Dobindol.
History.
Pleš was a Gottschee German village. Two houses in the village were burned by Italian troops during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="36650211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650211" title="Katharina Rozee">
Katharina Rozee

Katharina, or Catharina Rozee (1632, Leiden – 1682, Leiden), was a Dutch Golden Age artist.
Biography.
According to Houbraken she made clever designs with silk fibers on panels of landscapes, animals, flowers and insects that looked so real that they confounded their viewers and common folk claimed she must be a magician.
Her works were in great demand, and one of her works with "a landscape with a tree stump and a spider in its web" fetched 500 guilders.
Houbraken's source was Michiel Carré, who told him about a portrait she made with such natural skin tones "that it looked like an oil painting". One of her best works was purchased by the Grand Duke of Florence. She died unmarried at age 50.

</doc>
<doc id="36650217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650217" title="Fernandão (disambiguation)">
Fernandão (disambiguation)

Fernandão (1978–2014) was a Brazilian coach and former footballer.
Fernandão may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650248" title="Cassidy Krug">
Cassidy Krug

Cassidy Krug (born 12 July 1985) is an American diver from Pittsburgh.
Krug competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics classifying 7th in the women's 3 m springboard after ranking 5th in the semifinals. During the 2011 Pan American Games she has won a silver medal in the 3 m individual competition and a bronze in the synchronized event from the same height alongside her partner Kassidy Cook.

</doc>
<doc id="36650249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650249" title="Arthur Allen (died 1558)">
Arthur Allen (died 1558)

Arthur Allen (by 1509-1557/1558), of Wantage, Berkshire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Ludgershall in November 1554.

</doc>
<doc id="36650254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650254" title="Quorn Hall">
Quorn Hall

Quorn Hall is a grade II listed country house in the village of Quorn, Leicestershire. 
It is a three storey brick built house originally constructed circa 1680 but later much modified. It is situated on the east side of the village of Quorn in 12 acres of land through which runs the River Soar. 
History.
Quorn Hall was originally built by John Farnham on land he had acquired by the River Soar in the middle of the 15th century and was originally known as "Nether Hall". Much of the land was subsequently disposed of by his descendants until the estate passed out of the hands of the Farnham family in 1686.
In 1773 the estate was bought by Hugo Meynell, who transferred the pack of foxhounds he already owned to Nether Hall. He renamed the hall as Quorn Hall and the pack of foxhounds as the Quorn Hunt. The hall and its hounds subsequently passed through the ownership of several wealthy men until 1855, when it was bought by Sir Richard Sutton, who lived in the hall but rented out the stables and kennels. In 1906 the hunt left the Hall for newer premises in nearby Barrow upon Soar. After a short spell as a country club the hall was requisitioned during WWII for training naval personnel. For this purpose the building was considerably enlarged by extending a wing and adding a storey.
It has been used since 1983 as an outdoor education centre by Leicestershire County Council. During 2012, the council considered its closure and sale and decided to close it at the end of that year. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650257" title="Estadio Román Suárez Puerta">
Estadio Román Suárez Puerta

The Estadio Román Suárez Puerta is a multi-use stadium located in Avilés, Asturias, Spain. 
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of Real Avilés.
The main stadium was re-inaugurated in 1999, over the old one, which was built in 1943. The stadium has a capacity of 5,352 seats: 4,220 of them are in the two main tribunes and 1,232 in the uncovered stand.
The stadium has the name of the major of Avilés who proposed its construction.
League attendances.
This is a list of league and playoffs games attendances of Real Avilés at Román Suárez Puerta stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36650277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650277" title="Stress resultants">
Stress resultants

Stress resultants are simplified representations of the stress state in structural elements such as beams, plates, or shells. The geometry of typical structural elements allows the internal stress state to be simplified because of the existence of a "thickness'" direction in which the size of the element is much smaller than in other directions. As a consequence the three traction components that vary from point to point in a cross-section can be replaced with a set of resultant forces and resultant moments. These are the stress resultants (also called "membrane forces", "shear forces", and "bending moment") that may be used to determine the detailed stress state in the structural element. A three-dimensional problem can then be reduced to a one-dimensional problem (for beams) or a two-dimensional problem (for plates and shells).
Stress resultants are defined as integrals of stress over the thickness of a structural element. The integrals are weighted by integer powers the thickness coordinate "z" (or "x"3). Stress resultants are so defined to represent the effect of stress as a membrane force "N" (zero power in "z"), bending moment "M" (power 1) on a beam or shell (structure). Stress resultants are necessary to eliminate the "z" dependency of the stress from the equations of the theory of plates and shells.
Stress resultants in beams.
Consider the element shown in the adjacent figure. Assume that the thickness direction is "x"3. If the element has been extracted from a beam, the width and thickness are comparable in size. Let "x"2 be the width direction. Then "x"1 is the length direction.
Membrane and shear forces.
The resultant force vector due to the traction in the cross-section ("A") perpendicular to the "x"1 axis is
where e1, e2, e3 are the unit vectors along "x"1, "x"2, and "x"3, respectively. We define the stress resultants such that
where "N"11 is the "membrane force" and "V"2, "V"3 are the shear forces. More explicitly, for a beam of height "t" and width "b", 
Similarly the shear force resultants are
Bending moments.
The bending moment vector due to stresses in the cross-section "A" perpendicular to the "x"1-axis is given by
Expanding this expression we have,
We can write the bending moment resultant components as 
Stress resultants in plates and shells.
For plates and shells, the "x"1 and "x"2 dimensions are much larger than the size in the "x"3 direction. Integration over the area of cross-section would have to include one of the larger dimensions and would lead to a model that is too simple for practical calculations. For this reason the stresses are only integrated through the thickness and the stress resultants are typically expressed in units of force "per unit length" (or moment "per unit length") instead of the true force and moment as is the case for beams.
Membrane and shear forces.
For plates and shells we have to consider two cross-sections. The first is perpendicular to the "x"1 axis and the second is perpendicular to the "x"2 axis. Following the same procedure as for beams, and keeping in mind that the resultants are now per unit length, we have
We can write the above as
where the membrane forces are defined as
and the shear forces are defined as
Bending moments.
For the bending moment resultants, we have
where r = "x"3 e3.
Expanding these expressions we have,
Define the bending moment resultants such that
Then, the bending moment resultants are given by
These are the resultants that are often found in the literature but care has to taken to make sure that the signs are correctly interpreted.

</doc>
<doc id="36650282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650282" title="Thomas Martin (died 1593)">
Thomas Martin (died 1593)

Thomas Martin (1520/21–1592/93), of Winterbourne St. Martin, Dorset; Steeple Morden, Cambridgeshire, and London, was an English lawyer, controversialist and politician. He was prominent in the trial of Thomas Cranmer.
Martin was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Saltash in October 1553; Hindon April 1554, November 1554 and 1555; and Ludgershall in 1558.
Life.
A younger son of John Martyn, gentleman, he was born at Cerne, Dorset, and educated first at Winchester School and then at New College, Oxford. He became a Fellow of his college 7 March 1538, and after two years of probation was in 1539 admitted perpetual fellow. He is said to have acted as Lord of Misrule during some Christmas festivities at the college. Subsequently he travelled with pupils in France, and took the degree of doctor of civil law at Bourges.
In 1553 Martin resigned his fellowship at New College. He was admitted a member of the College of Advocates at Doctors' Commons 15 January 1555. About that period he was official of the archdeaconry of Berkshire, chancellor to Stephen Gardiner, bishop of Winchester, with whom he was in favour, and a master in chancery. His treatise against the marriage of priests and monks, finished in 1553 with the assistance, it is said, of Nicholas Udall, was esteemed by Queen Mary, to whom it was dedicated; she granted him a commission to make Frenchmen and Dutchmen free denizens, and this he executed with such success in the spring of 1554 that he made himself a gentleman. He was incorporated D.C.L. at Oxford 29 July 1555, when he was sent there as one of the queen's commissioners.
Martin took a conspicuous part in the proceedings against Bishop Hooper, Rowland Taylor, John Taylor, alias Cardmaker, and John Careless. In the prosecution against Archbishop Cranmer he was effective in bringing out the oaths Cranmer swore in 1533. It appears that he interfered to procure the discharge of Robert Horneby, the groom of the chamber to Princess Elizabeth, who had been committed to the Marshalsea for refusing to hear mass. In May and June 1555 he was at Calais, apparently in attendance on Bishop Gardiner, then lord chancellor. In July 1556 he was one of the masters of requests, and he was employed with Sir Roger Cholmeley to examine Silvester Taverner on a charge of embezzling the queen's plate. They were empowered to put him to such tortures as by their discretion should be thought convenient. In September 1556 it was intended that he should succeed Nicholas Wotton as ambassador at the French court; but in the following month he was despatched by the privy council to Philip II of Spain at Ghent, concerning the contemplated marriage of the Duke of Savoy to the Princess Elizabeth, and also with respect to the trade between England and the States of the Low Countries. The king sent him to the States to treat with them on the latter subject. In June 1557 he was one of the council of the north, and in the following month a commissioner with the Earl of Westmorland, Bishop Cuthbert Tunstall, and Robert Hyndmer, LL.D., for the settlement of certain differences between England and Scotland, which had been occasioned by the inroads of the Grahams and others. On 13 May 1558 he and others were authorised to bring to the torture, if they should so think good, one French, a prisoner in the Tower of London.
During Mary's reign he was Member of Parliament, for Saltash and for Hindon, several times. He was vilified in particular by John Bale, and after the accession of Queen Elizabeth he kept a low profile. In 1587 he was incorporated doctor of the civil law at Cambridge. Commissions to him and other civilians to hear admiralty cases were issued in 1591 and 1592.
Works.
Martin's works are:

</doc>
<doc id="36650285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650285" title="Kaila Yu">
Kaila Yu

Kaila Yu is the stage name of Elaine Yang, a Taiwanese American singer, songwriter, and former model. She currently is the lead singer and vocalist for the all-Asian American, female rock band Nylon Pink. In addition to having Yu on the lead vocals, Nylon Pink also features Katt Lee on the bass, Kiki Wongo as the lead guitarist, Jamie Scoles on the drums and Yuki Ito on the keyboards. Yu is also one of the founders of the jewelry/fashion line "Hello Drama" which is affiliated with the Nylon Pink band and style.
She has also been an import model and appeared in magazines including "Stuff Magazine", "Maxim", "FHM" and "House of Roses". Yu has also appeared in films including "Dark Blue" and "", and has also hosted shows on channels such as MTV Asia, MTV Chi, Music Plus TV, TorqueTV, Octane TV and Ripe TV.
Yu is a graduate of UCLA (with a degree in Economics), after transferring there from the University of California, San Diego, where she initially majored in Biology.

</doc>
<doc id="36650292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650292" title="Al Timothy">
Al Timothy

Albon "Al" Timothy (5 July 1915, Trinidad - 8 December 2000, London) was a jazz and calypso musician and songwriter who played numerous instruments but was best known for his tenor saxophone playing. His most successful hit was "Kiss Me, Honey Honey, Kiss Me" which reached number 3 in 1959 in the charts sung by Shirley Bassey.
Background.
Timothy started playing the flute aged 8 years. His father was a musician and instrument maker and encouraged his progress. While working as a tailor he taught himself double bass and saxophone.
Timothy arrived in London from Trinidad in 1948.
Career.
Timothy accompanied the calypso artist Lord Kitchener and was bandleader Cab Kaye's featured saxophone soloist. He was also greatly involved in the emerging bebop scene in London. Here he met the famous American jazz patron and Rothschild heiress, Baroness Pannonica de Koenigswarter, when sharing a bill with pianist Teddy Wilson. When she opened the refurbished Studio 51, London's leading modern jazz venue, he became resident bandleader - "Al Timothy and his All-Stars".
He co-led the "Timwu-Kee Sextet" with Singaporean pianist "David Wu" and trumpeter Shake Keane at the "Celebrity restaurant" in Mayfair, a venue which became famous and hosted a broadcast of BBC radio’s popular Two-Way Family Favourites. Timothy also appeared on British television’s ground-breaking teen music programme, Oh Boy! (TV series).
His connection with De Koenigswarter brought him to New York in 1956, where she opened doors to the saxophonist, and introduced him to pianist Thelonious Monk, Sonny Rollins and Ernie Henry
On return to England he continued to work as a band leader/saxophonist and songwriter, successes included "Football Football" and "Thats What Love Does For You" recorded by Edmundo Ros & David Essex.
Later Years.
Al Timothy died in 2000 following complications of a stroke in 1999.
He was survived by his 4 children Michael Timothy (keyboards, Hugh Masekela, Boy George, Massive Attack) Nicholas, Adrian and daughter Maria McAteer (singer/songwriter, actress/playwright).

</doc>
<doc id="36650312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650312" title="Bartłomiej Bonk">
Bartłomiej Bonk

Bartłomiej Wojciech Bonk (born 11 October 1984) is a Polish weightlifter. He won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 105 kg category with a total of 410 kg. He also competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, but failed to score.

</doc>
<doc id="36650330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650330" title="William Wright (engineer)">
William Wright (engineer)

William Wright was an American engineer who contributed to the development of the Corliss steam engine in the mid 19th century.
Wright also developed several innovative improvements in steam engine design such as the automatic shutoff steam engine which employed a governor to limit the engine's speed. He also developed and may have built some designs that have not survived the test of time such as the "Annular Steam Engine" also known as the "Oscillating Steam Engine". He owned a series of steam engine manufacturing plants in and around New York City, the largest being "The Wright Steam Engine Works" in Newburgh, NY. He built engines that powered the pumps of the Brooklyn Water Works. During the American Civil War he built engines that powered warships of the North.
After bankruptcy in the early 1890s, Wright failed to raise the $10,000 needed to satisfy his creditors and keep his engine works. The buildings of Wright's Engine Works, in the northern waterfront area of Newburgh known as Sherman Dock, still survive today as warehouses.

</doc>
<doc id="36650333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650333" title="George Cope (MP)">
George Cope (MP)

George Cope (ca. 1534-1572), of Canons Ashby and Eydon, Northamptonshire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Ludgershall in 1563.

</doc>
<doc id="36650334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650334" title="Alan Khugayev">
Alan Khugayev

Alan Khugayev (born 27 April 1989 in Vladikavkaz) is a Russian wrestler. He won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Greco-Roman men's 84 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36650338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650338" title="Wind power in South Dakota">
Wind power in South Dakota

The state of South Dakota led the U.S. in wind power generation with 22.3% of the state's electricity generation coming from wind in 2011. At the end of 2013, South Dakota had 783 megawatts (MW) of wind generation capacity.
South Dakota is one of the country's windiest states, and has the potential of installing 882,000 MW, and generating 2,902 billion kWh/year. Just as in Texas, the construction of new wind farms is transmission line limited.
South Dakota's first wind farm was the South Dakota Wind Energy Center, built in 2003.
List of wind farms in South Dakota.
The following is an incomplete list of wind farms.
Wind generation.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="36650344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650344" title="Valcor">
Valcor

Valcor is a small business advisory firm specializing in restructuring, debt mediation and capital acquisition.
Started in 1994, David Sussman (CEO/Founder) has expanded the consultant network throughout North America. In 1996 Valcor also became active in the United Kingdom (David Sussman was born in Stanmore, outside London, England).
Valcor is known in the small business community as advocates for small business owners.
Valcor has been featured in multiple media outlets, including nationwide television news stations Fox Business Network, CNNfn, Fox New Channel and print media from Washington Post to the Los Angeles times.

</doc>
<doc id="36650345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650345" title="Daniyal Gadzhiyev">
Daniyal Gadzhiyev

Daniyal Gadzhiyev (born 20 February 1986 in Daghestan) is a Kazakhstani wrestler who competes for Republic of Kazakhstan. He won the bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Greco-Roman men's 84 kg event.

</doc>
<doc id="36650357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650357" title="MemSQL">
MemSQL

MemSQL is a distributed, in-memory database that is part of the NewSQL movement.
It is an ACID-compliant RDBMS that most notably converts SQL into C++ through code generation. It is being developed by MemSQL Inc., that was founded in 2011 and is a graduate of the Y Combinator startup program. MemSQL Inc. has raised more than $5 million to date from a variety of investors including First Round Capital, IA Ventures, NEA, and several prominent angels including Paul Buchheit, Max Levchin, Aaron Levie, and Ashton Kutcher. MemSQL Inc. launched its database to the public on June 18, 2012.
Core Technology.
MemSQL combines lock-free data structures and a just-in-time (JIT) compiler for processing highly volatile workloads. More specifically, MemSQL implements lock-free hash tables and lock-free skiplists in memory for fast random access to data. Queries sent to the MemSQL server are converted into C++ and compiled through GCC. Queries are stripped of their parameters and the query template is stored as a shared object which is subsequently matched against incoming queries to the system. Code generation and the execution of pre-compiled query plans removes interpretation along hot code paths, providing highly efficient code paths that minimize the number of CPU instructions required.
MemSQL is wire-compatible with MySQL. Applications can connect to MemSQL through standard ODBC/JDBC connectors as well as MySQL clients and drivers.
Durability.
Even though MemSQL stores data in memory, MemSQL is durable by implementing a write-ahead log and snapshots (similar to checkpoints). On default settings, as soon as a transaction is acknowledged in memory, the database will write the transaction to disk as fast as the disk will allow.
Replication.
MemSQL supports a native replication protocol that ships its transactional log to slaves. MemSQL currently supports master-slave replication.
Distributed Architecture.
MemSQL is a distributed database that works by the concept of aggegators and leaf nodes. An aggregator is responsible for breaking up the query across the relevant leaf nodes and aggregating results back to the client. A leaf node is a MemSQL database. MemSQL uses hash partitioning to distribute data uniformly across the number of leaf nodes. MemSQL made the distributed version of its system generally available on April 23, 2013 with a trial edition available for download on their website.
Version History.
MemSQL 1b - first general availability in June, 2012.
MemSQL 1c - minor feature update, released July 2012.
MemSQL 1.8 - replication and expanded SQL surface area, released December 2012
MemSQL 2.0 - general availability of distributed system. First release of MemSQL Watch operational dashboard.
MemSQL 2.5 - JSON Data type
MemSQL 3.0 - Columnar data store 

</doc>
<doc id="36650367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650367" title="Somewhere Out There (album)">
Somewhere Out There (album)

Somewhere Out There is the 7th full album released by MONKEY MAJIK on March 7, 2012. The album itself is a dedication to Sendai and all of those affected by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, with songs that are reflective of this theme. The lead single from the album is "Headlight", followed by "HERO". "Ki wo Ueta Otoko" was released in 2011 as a digital charity single for the earthquakes.

</doc>
<doc id="36650375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650375" title="John Kingsmill (MP)">
John Kingsmill (MP)

John Kingsmill (ca. 1536-?1590), of King's Enham, Hampshire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Ludgershall in 1584 and 1586.

</doc>
<doc id="36650387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650387" title="Fernandinho">
Fernandinho

Fernandinho may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650394" title="Gault Wood">
Gault Wood

Gault Wood is a woodland in Cambridgeshire, England, near the village of March. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="36650402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650402" title="List of wars involving Rwanda">
List of wars involving Rwanda

This is a list of wars involving Rwanda since its independence from Belgium in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="36650403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650403" title="List of Yugoslav Olympic medalists">
List of Yugoslav Olympic medalists

The Yugoslav Olympic medalists are athletes who has competed and won medals for various Yugoslav entities at the Summer and Winter Olympic games between 1920 and 1988. While being part of Yugoslavia, athletes represented two distinct national entities; the Kingdom of Yugoslavia (1920–1936) and the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (1948–1988). Yugoslavia was a multinational state with six constitutive ethnic groups (Bosniaks, Croatians, Macedonians, Montenegrins, Serbs and Slovenes), and significant ethnic minorities in Vojvodina (Hungarians) and Kosovo (Albanians). Before the formation of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1918, athletes from the region mostly represented Austria or Hungary, with the sole exception being the 1912 Summer Olympics when a small team of two athletes competed for the Kingdom of Serbia.
Athletes, who has represented Yugoslavia, has won a total of 52 individual Olympic medals (16 gold, 16 silver and 20 bronze) between 1920 and 1988. The majority were won at the Summer Olympics, with only three medals (two silver and one bronze) won at the Winter Olympics. Leon Štukelj has won the most individual Olympic medals with three gold, one silver and one bronze in gymnastics. He was also part of the bronze medal winning men's gymnastics team during the 1928 Summer Olympics, making him the most successful Yugoslav athlete in history. Gymnast Miroslav Cerar is the only other athlete with more than one individual gold medal, having won a total of two gold and one bronze medals. Đurđica Bjedov is the most successful female Yugoslav athlete with one gold and one silver medals in swimming, followed by Jasna Šekarić with one gold and one bronze in shooting and Mateja Svet who has won a silver medal in alpine skiing.
In team events, Yugoslavia has won a total of 35 Olympic medals (10 gold, 16 silver and nine bronze). The most successful team was the men's water polo team, with a combined total of seven medals (three gold and four silver). Similary successful were the men's handball team (two gold, one bronze) and the men's football and basketball teams with five medals each (one gold, three silver and one bronze). Women's teams shared similar success with the women's handball team winning one gold and one silver and the women's basketball team with one silver and one bronze medals. The only Yugoslav team with a medal from the Winter Olympics was the men's ski jumping team that won silver at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Olympic medalists.
Individual.
The ranking in this table is based on information provided by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and is consistent with IOC convention in its published medal tables. By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes have won in individual competitions. The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If athletes are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed chronologically, as when the medals have been won.
Medals per region.
The table shows the number of individual Yugoslav Olympic medals, won per region. By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes have won per region in individual competitions. The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If regions are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed chronologically, as when the medals have been won (athletes who have won Olympic medals are listed below alphabetically). Regions used are the Socialist Republics that were in use in Yugoslavia from 1944 until 1991 and the breakup of the country. All six Socialist Republics have since become fully independent nations and are members of the International Olympic Committee (IOC). The table uses place of birth of the athletes to determine the number of medals per region and not their nationality or ethnic group.
Team.
The ranking in this table is based on information provided by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and is consistent with IOC convention in its published medal tables. By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes have won in team competitions. The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If teams are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed chronologically, as when the medals have been won.

</doc>
<doc id="36650405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650405" title="Adriana Araújo">
Adriana Araújo

Adriana Araujo (born 4 November 1981 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian female amateur boxer.She won the Bronze Medal in the Women's boxing Lightweight 60kg category in the 2012 Summer Olympics. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650407" title="Alian, Semnan">
Alian, Semnan

Alian (, also Romanized as ‘Alīān, Alīyān, and ‘Alyan) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 105, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650422" title="German submarine U-283">
German submarine U-283

German submarine "U-283" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The submarine was laid down on 10 June 1942 at the "Bremer Vulkan" yard at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 48. She was launched on 17 February 1943 and commissioned on 31 March under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Heinz-Günther Scholz.
Service history.
"U-283" served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla for training from March 1943 to January 1944 and operationally with the 9th flotilla from 1 February. She carried out one patrol, sinking no ships. She was a member of two wolfpacks.
Patrol.
The boat's only patrol began with her departure from Kiel on 13 January 1944. She was sunk 11 February, 1944 southwest of the Faroe Islands by a Canadian Leigh Light equipped Wellington of No. 407 Squadron RCAF.
Forty-nine men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36650425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650425" title="Charles Danvers (MP for Ludgershall)">
Charles Danvers (MP for Ludgershall)

Charles Danvers (by 1580-1626), of Baynton, Edington, Wiltshire and the Middle Temple, London, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Ludgershall in 1614.

</doc>
<doc id="36650428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650428" title="Children and Young Persons Act">
Children and Young Persons Act

Children and Young Persons Act may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="36650441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650441" title="Velarde">
Velarde

Velarde may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650445" title="Alyan">
Alyan

Alyan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650446" title="J. W. Bruce">
J. W. Bruce

James William "Bill" Bruce (born 11 January 1952) is a British mathematician whose main contributions are in singularity theory and related areas. He is currently the Pro Vice-Chancellor of Edge Hill University.
Mathematical career.
Bruce completed his PhD thesis, titled "Some Natural Whitney Stratifications", in 1978 at the University of Liverpool under the supervision of C T C Wall. Following domestic and international appointments, he was appointed to a chair in pure mathematics at the University of Liverpool in 1990.
Administrative career.
Whilst at the University of Liverpool, Bruce served as head of mathematics for eight years. He then became Pro Vice-Chancellor with responsibility for the academic budget and learning and teaching, before joining the University of Hull as Deputy Vice-Chancellor in 2004. In 2009 he joined Edge Hill University as Pro Vice-Chancellor with responsibility for the university's academic portfolio.

</doc>
<doc id="36650452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650452" title="Sira barbet">
Sira barbet

The Sira Barbet ("Capito wallacei fitzpatricki") is a bird inhabiting the remote eastern Andes of Ucayali Department, Peru, that was discovered on a 2008 expedition. It occurs in genetic isolation due to the isolated geography of its home range along a ridge of montane cloud forest in the southern portion of the Cerros del Sira. Eight specimens were collected from the upper Río Shinipo and Río Tzipani valleys , and a further two at Quebrada Quirapokiari in July 2011.
It is usually considered a subspecies of the Scarlet-banded Barbet, although some taxonomists do place it as a distinct species. The Sira Barbet is distinguished it by differences in morphology and plumage, particularly the color on the bird's flanks, lower back and thighs, and a wider, darker scarlet breast band. DNA sequencing was also used to confirm the Sira Barbet's status as a distinct species.
Males are on average smaller than females, and lack the red and yellow scapular pigmentation. Their crown and flanks are also a more saturated red. They have a low-pitched purred song, but more commonly emit a "Tityra"-like grunt. Quiet, low-pitched groans and clucks are emitted from their roost cavities.
They occur in a narrow elevational zone around 1,100 m on moist ridges adjacent to the drier eastern lowlands, and are absent at 2,000 m. They frequent the highest stratum of tall (up to 30 m) montane forest with arboreal epiphytes and moss, above a sparsely vegetated understory. Its range is sympatric and syntopic with that of the Gilded Barbet, and coincides with the boundary and sections of the Sira Communal Reserve.
The bird's epithet commemorates John W. Fitzpatrick, an expert for the Peruan avifauna and director of the Cornell Lab of Ornithology.

</doc>
<doc id="36650457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650457" title="Mabad">
Mabad

Mabad (, also Romanized as Ma‘bad) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650465" title="Mil, Semnan">
Mil, Semnan

Mil (, also Romanized as Mīl) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650469" title="MTV Hits Latin America">
MTV Hits Latin America

MTV Hits Latin America is a 24-hour non-stop music video channel from Viacom International Media Networks The Americas that debuted in 2008. The format of the network resembles that of the classic MTV Latin America before the addition of other programming to that network in the 2000s and their slow decline of music video programming. The network has a schedule dominated by videos, with only promotional advertising for MTV Latin America and limited commercials on the network. Like the other digital MTV/VH1 channels, MTV Hits Latin America is based on an automated wheel schedule introduced in the first years of MTV2 in the US.

</doc>
<doc id="36650489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650489" title="W253BG">
W253BG

W253BG, known on-air as X98.5, is an Alternative rock radio station located in Greenville, South Carolina area. Although licensed as a broadcast translator prohibited from carrying its own programming, it broadcasts under a legal loophole allowed by the Federal Communications Commission, by simulcasting on HD Radio channel 2 of WJMZ FM 107.3, allowing such stations to sidestep the restriction on translators, as well as regulations regarding the excessive concentration of media ownership by a single company in a given media market.
History.
98.5 FM began broadcasting in March 2007 in Arial, re-broadcasting WHRZ-LP in Spartanburg, which carries a Christian Contemporary format. In June 2012, an application was filed to move the station to Paris Mountain in Greenville, with a downgrade from 250 to 200 watts, however allowing the station to cover Greenville County, as well as portions of neighboring Pickens and Spartanburg counties with a solid signal. The station would also re-broadcast Cox Radio's WJMZ-FM's HD2 signal. The station's new tower also houses sister station W249CB, 97.7 Chuck FM. 
In early July 2012, shortly after the construction permit was granted, a website linked to Cox surfaced that indicated that "Talk 98.5" would launch, with a countdown to "something to talk about" on August 6 featured on the homepage. On Sunday, August 5, the station went live, running a loop of The Neal Boortz Show from sister station WSB. The following day, at 11am, a local talk show came on the air, referring to "Talk 98.5." Shortly after noon, after playing a montage of sound clips, the true station was launched, as X-98.5, "The Upstate's New Rock Alternative." The first song heard on X-98.5 was "We Are Young" by Fun. 
The station registered websites in September 2013, referring to a format change to a gospel format as "98.5 Praise", "Gospel 98.5", "Praise 98", or "Praise 98.5". However, this format change never took place. In June 2014, rumors began to spread that W253BG will instead flip to a simulcast of WRTH as "98.5/103.3 Earth FM".

</doc>
<doc id="36650493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650493" title="Moinabad, Semnan">
Moinabad, Semnan

Moinabad (, also Romanized as Mo‘īnābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650504" title="Moalleman">
Moalleman

Moalleman (, also Romanized as Mo‘allemān, Maluman, and Mu‘allaman) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 190, in 51 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650518" title="Masumabad, Semnan">
Masumabad, Semnan

Masumabad (, also Romanized as Ma‘şūmābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 9 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650524" title="Joe Lichaa">
Joe Lichaa

Joe Lichaa is an Australian rugby league player who represented Lebanon in the 2000 World Cup. In 2006 he played in two National Rugby League matches for the South Sydney Rabbitohs.

</doc>
<doc id="36650529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650529" title="Mazraeh-ye Hasanabadu">
Mazraeh-ye Hasanabadu

Mazraeh-ye Hasanabadu (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩasanābādū) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650542" title="Persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic substances">
Persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic substances

Persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic (PBTs) substances are a class of compounds that have high resistance to degradation from abiotic and biotic factors, high mobility in the environment and high toxicity. Because of these factors PBTs have been observed to have a high order of bioaccumulation and biomagnification, very long retention times in various media, and widespread distribution across the globe. Majority of PBTs in the environment are either created through industry or are unintentional byproducts.
History.
Persistent organic pollutants (POPs) were the focal point of the Stockholm Convention 2001 due to their persistence, ability to biomagnify and the threat posed to both human health and the environment. The goal of the Stockholm Convention was to determine the classification of POPs, create measures to eliminate production/use of POPs, and establish proper disposal of the compounds in an environmentally friendly manner. Currently the majority of the global community is actively involved with this program but a few still resist, most notably the U.S. 
Similar to POPs classification, the PBT classification of chemicals was developed in 1997 by the Great Lakes Binational Toxic Strategy (GLBNS). Signed by both the U.S and Canada, the GLBNS classified PBTs in one of two categories, level I and level II. Level I PBTs are top priority which currently, as of 2005, contained 12 compounds or classes of compounds.
The GLBNS is administered by the U.S Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) and Environment Canada. Following the GLBNS, the Multimedia Strategy for Priority Persistent, Bioaccumulative and Toxic Pollutants (PBT Strategy) was drafted by the USEPA. The PBT Strategy led to the implementation of PBT criteria in several regulational policies. Two main policies that were changed by the PBT strategy were the Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) which required more rigid chemical reporting and the New Chemical Program (NCP) under the Toxics Substances Control Act (TSCA) which required screening for PBTs and PBT properties.
Compounds.
General.
PBTs are a unique classification of chemicals that have and will continue to impact human health and the environment worldwide. The three main attributes of a PBT (persistence, bioaccumulative and toxic) each have a huge role in the risk posed by these compounds.
Persistence.
PBTs have a high environmental mobility relative to other contaminants mainly due to their resistance to degradation (persistence). This allows PBTs to travel far and wide in both the atmosphere and in aqueous environments. The low degradation rates of PBTs allow these chemicals to be exposed to both biotic and abiotic factors while maintaining a relatively stable concentration. Another factor that makes PBTs especially dangerous are the degradation products which are often relatively as toxic as the parent compound. These factors have resulted in global contamination most notable in remote areas such as the arctic and high elevation areas which are far from any source of PBTs.
Bioaccumulation and biomagnification.
The bioaccumulative ability of PBTs follows suit with the persistence attribute by the high resistance to degradation by biotic factors, especially with in organisms. Bioaccumulation is the result of a toxic substance being taken up at a higher rate than being removed from an organism. For PBTs this is caused mainly by a resistance to degradation, biotic and abiotic. PBTs usually are highly insoluble in water which allows them to enter organisms at faster rates through fats and other nonpolar regions on an organism. Bioaccumulation of a toxicant can lead to biomagnification through a trophic web which has resulted in massive concern in areas with especially low trophic diversity. Biomagnification results in higher trophic organisms accumulating more PBTs than those of lower trophic levels through consumption of the PBT contaminated lower trophic organisms.
Toxicity.
The toxicity of this class of compounds is high with very low concentrations of a PBT required to enact an effect on an organism compared to most other contaminants. This high toxicity along with the persistence allows for the PBT to have detrimental effects in remote areas around the globe where there is not a local source of PBTs. The bioaccumulation and magnification along with the high toxicity and persistence has the ability to destroy and/or irreparably damage trophic systems, especially the higher trophic levels, globally. It is this reason that PBTs have become an area of focus in global politics.
Specific toxicants.
PCBs.
Historically, PCBs were used extensively for industrial purposes such as coolants, insulating fluids, and as a plasticizer. These contaminants enter the environment through both use and disposal. Due to extensive concern from the public, legal, and scientific sectors indicating that PCBs are likely carcinogens and potential to adversely impact the environment, these compounds were banned in 1979 in the United States. The ban included the use of PCBs in uncontained sources, such as adhesives, fire retardant fabric treatments, and plasticizers in paints and cements. Containers that are completely enclosed such as transformers and capacitors are exempt from the ban.
The inclusion of PCBs as a PBT may be contributed to their low water solubility, high stability, and semi-volatility facilitating their long range transport and accumulation in organisms. The persistence of these compounds is due to the high resistance to oxidation, reduction, addition, elimination and electrophilic substitution. The toxicological interactions of PCBs are affected by the number and position of the chlorine atoms, without ortho substitution are referred as coplanar and all others as non-coplanar. Non-coplanar PCBs may cause neurotoxicity by interfering with intracellular signal transduction dependent on calcium. Ortho-PCBs may alter hormone regulation through disruption of the thyroid hormone transport by binding to transthyretin. Coplanar PCBs are similar to dioxins and furans, both bind to the aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) in organisms and may exert dioxin-like effects, in addition to the effects shared with non-coplanar PCBs. The AhR is a transcription factor, therefore, abnormal activation may disrupt cellular function by altering gene transcription.
Effects of PBTs may include increase in disease, lesions in benthic feeders, spawning loss, change in age-structured populations of fish, and tissue contamination in fish and shellfish. Humans and other organisms, which consume shellfish and/or fish contaminated with persistent bioaccumulative pollutants, have the potential to bioaccumulate these chemicals. This may put these organisms at risk of mutagenic, teratogenic, and/or carcinogenic effects. Correlations have been found between elevated exposure to PCB mixtures and alterations in liver enzymes, hepatomegaly, and dermatological effects such as rashes have been reported.
DDT.
One PBT of concern includes DDT (dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane), an organochlorine that was widely used as an insecticide during World War II to protect soldiers from malaria carried by mosquitoes. Due to the low cost and low toxicity to mammals, the widespread use of DDT for agricultural and commercial motives started around 1940. However, the overuse of DDT lead to insect tolerance to the chemical. It was also discovered that DDT had a high toxicity to fish. DDT was banned in the US by 1973 because of building evidence that DDT’s stable structure, high fat solubility, and low rate of metabolism, caused it to bioaccumulate in animals. While DDT is banned in the US, other countries such as China and Turkey still produce and use it quite regularly through Dicofol, an insecticide that has DDT as an impurity. This continued use in other parts of the world is still a global problem due to the mobility and persistence of DDT.
The initial contact from DDT is on vegetation and soil. From here, the DDT can travel many routes, for instance, when plants and vegetation are exposed to the chemical to protect from insects, the plants may absorb it. Then these plants may either be consumed by humans or other animals. These consumers ingest the chemical and begin metabolizing the toxicant, accumulating more through ingestion, and posing health risks to the organism, their offspring, and any predators. Alternatively the ingestion of the contaminated plant by insects may lead to tolerance by the organism. Another route is the chemical travelling through the soil and ending up in ground water and in human water supply. Or in the case that the soil is near a moving water system, the chemical could end up in large freshwater systems or the ocean where fish are at high risk from the toxicological effects of DDT. Lastly, the most common transport route is the evaporation of DDT into the atmosphere followed by condensation and eventually precipitation where it is released into environments anywhere on earth. Due to the long-range transport of DDT, the presence of this harmful toxicant will continue as long as it is still used anywhere and until the current contamination eventually degrades. Even after its complete discontinued use, it will still remain in the environment for many more years after because of DDT’s persistent attributes.
Previous studies have shown that DDT and other similar chemicals directly elicited a response and effect from excitable membranes. DDT causes membranes such as sense organs and nerves endings to activate repetitively by slowing down the ability for the sodium channel to close and stop releasing sodium ions. The sodium ions are what polarize the opposing synapse after it has depolarized from firing. This inhibition of closing the sodium ion channel can lead to a variety of problems including a dysfunctional nervous system, decreased motor abilities/function/control, reproductive impairment (egg-shell thinning in birds), and development deficiencies. Presently, DDT has been labeled as a possible human carcinogen based on animal liver tumor studies. DDT toxicity on humans have been associated with dizziness, tremors, irritability, and convulsions. Chronic toxicity has led to long term neurological and cognitive issues.
Mercury.
Inorganic mercury (elemental mercury) is less bioavailable and less toxic than that of organic mercury but is still toxic nonetheless. It is released into the environment through both natural sources as well as human activity, and it has the capability to travel long distances through the atmosphere. Around 2,700 to 6,000 tons of elemental mercury are released via natural activity such as volcanoes and erosion. Another 2,000 – 3,000 tons are released by human industrial activities such as coal combustion, metal smelting and cement production. Due to its high volatility and atmospheric residence time of around 1 year, mercury has the ability to travel across continents before being deposited. Inorganic mercury has a wide spectrum of toxicological effects that include damage to the respiratory, nervous, immune and excretory systems in humans. Inorganic mercury also possesses the ability to bioaccumulate individuals and biomagnify through trophic systems.
Organic mercury is significantly more detrimental to the environment than its inorganic form due to its widespread distribution as well as its higher mobility, general toxicity and rates of bioaccumulation than that of the inorganic form. Environmental organic mercury is mainly created by the transformation of elemental (inorganic) mercury via anaerobic bacteria into methylated mercury (organic). The global distribution of organic mercury is the result of general mobility of the compound, activation via bacteria and transportation from animal consumption. Organic mercury shares a lot of the same effects as the inorganic form but it has a higher toxicity due to its higher mobility in the body, especially its ability to readily move across the blood brain barrier.
The high toxicity of both forms of mercury (especially organic mercury) poses a threat to almost all organisms that comes in contact with it. This is one of the reasons that there is such high attention to mercury in the environment but even more so than its toxicity is both its persistence and atmospheric retention times. The ability of mercury to readily volatilize allows it to enter the atmosphere and travel far and wide. Unlike most other PBTs that have atmospheric half-lives between 30 min and 7 days mercury has an atmospheric residence time of at least 1 year. This atmospheric retention time along with mercury’s resistance to degradation factors such as electromagnetic radiation and oxidation, which are two of the main factors leading to degradation of many PBTs in the atmosphere, allows mercury from any source to be transported extensively. This characteristic of mercury transportation globally along with its high toxicity is the reasoning behind its incorporation into the BNS list of PBTs.
Notable PBT environmental impacts.
Japan.
The realization of the adverse effects from environmental pollution were made public from several disasters that occurred globally. In 1965, it was recognized that extensive mercury pollution by the Chisso chemical factory in Minamata, Japan due to improper handling of industrial wastes resulted in significant effects to the humans and organisms exposed. Mercury was released into the environment as methyl mercury (bioavailable state) into industrial wastewater and was then bioaccumulated by shellfish and fish in Minamata Bay and the Shiranui Sea. When the contaminated seafood was consumed by the local populace it caused a neurological syndrome, coined Minamata disease. Symptoms include general muscle weakness, hearing damage, reduced field of vision, and ataxia. The Minamata disaster contributed to the global realization of the potential dangers from environmental pollution and to the characterization of PBTs.
Puget Sound.
Despite the ban on DDT 30 years earlier and years of various efforts to clean up Puget Sound from DDT and PCB’s, there is still a significant presence of both compounds which pose a constant threat to human health and the environment. Harbor seals ("Phoca vitulina"), a common marine species in the Puget Sound area have been the focus of a few studies to monitor and examine the effects of DDT accumulation and magnification in aquatic wildlife. One study tagged and reexamined seal pups every 4 to 5 years to be tested for DDT concentrations. The trends showed the pups to be highly contaminated; this means their prey are also highly contaminated. Due to DDT’s high lipid solubility, it also has the ability to accumulate in the local populace who consume seafood from the area. This also translates to women who are pregnant or breastfeeding, since DDT will be transferred from the mother to child. Both animal and human health risk to DDT will continue to be an issue in Puget Sound especially because of the cultural significance of fish in this region.

</doc>
<doc id="36650544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650544" title="Mazraeh-ye Shahid Chamran">
Mazraeh-ye Shahid Chamran

Mazraeh-ye Shahid Chamran (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shahīd Chamrān) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650548" title="General War Commissioner">
General War Commissioner

General War Commissioner (from German "Generalkriegskommissarius") was a military office in various German states as well as in Denmark and Norway. It was the military officer in charge of national conscription, collection of war contributions, equipment, provisioning, payroll and military discipline. His subordinates, with responsibility for specific regions, were called War Commissioners. The position of General War Commissioner was usually of equal rank to that of a General.
The position was created in Denmark and Norway in the 17th century. In Norway it existed from 1640 to 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36650550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650550" title="Scott Budnick">
Scott Budnick

Scott Budnick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650551" title="Jesse Lowen Shearer">
Jesse Lowen Shearer

Jesse Lowen Shearer (1921—1992) was an American professor, engineer and pioneer in the field of hydraulics.
Shearer obtained his Sc.D. at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), and as a member of their faculty for mechanical engineering he worked at "Dynamic Analysis & Control Laboratory" from 1950 to 1963. After then he became professor of the faculty of mechanical engineering at Pennsylvania State University until his retirement 1985. He was also a member of the "Dynamic Systems and Control Division" of American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME).
Awards and honors.
1965 he received the Donald P. Eckman Award of the Instrument Society of America, 1966 he got the Charles Russ Richards Memorial Award of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and finally 1983 the Rufus Oldenburger Medal of ASME.

</doc>
<doc id="36650554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650554" title="Mazraeh-ye Shahid Shamsipur">
Mazraeh-ye Shahid Shamsipur

Mazraeh-ye Shahid Shamsipur (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Shahīd Shamsīpūr) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650568" title="Mazraeh-ye Seyyedha">
Mazraeh-ye Seyyedha

Mazraeh-ye Seyyedha (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Seyyedhā) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650579" title="Mazraeh-ye Taqiabad">
Mazraeh-ye Taqiabad

Mazraeh-ye Taqiabad (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Taqīābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650585" title="Implosion of Radio Network House">
Implosion of Radio Network House

The implosion of Radio Network House on 5 August 2012 was New Zealand's first ever controlled building demolition by explosives. Like most other buildings in the Christchurch Central City, Radio Network House was damaged beyond repair in the 22 February 2011 Christchurch earthquake, and the Canterbury Earthquake Recovery Authority (CERA) added it to the demolition list in August 2011. In July 2012, it was announced that the building was going to be imploded, involving a specialist company from America with a large track record for this type of work. The right to push the button for the implosion was put up for auction on the TradeMe website, and became the auction with the third highest page views ever. The winning bid of was made by a consortium of demolition contractors, who allowed the Child Cancer Foundation to nominate a six-year-old boy from Queenstown to trigger the event. The implosion, which was carefully monitored to assess the suitability of this approach for potential future applications, went without any problems and it is anticipated that this will have paved the way for many more implosions in New Zealand in general, and in Christchurch in particular.
Background.
Radio Network House was a 14-storey office tower constructed in 1986. The building was located at 155 Worcester Street, on the north side of the street and in the block between Manchester Street and Latimer Square. For its last twelve years Radio Network House was owned by Greg Hedges through his company Nor West Arch No.4 Ltd.
The building was first operated as the Christchurch studio for Television New Zealand (TVNZ), who displayed their logo on the building. Shows such as "What Now", "After School", Simon Barnett's quiz show "Face the Music" and later "The Son of a Gunn Show" were filmed in the tower block. TVNZ vacated the building in late 1998 following a decision to move all of their Christchurch-produced shows to Wellington. In the late 1990s, Telstra New Zealand, the telecommunications company of Telstra in New Zealand, owned the naming rights to the building. After Clear Communications was acquired in December 2001 to form TelstraClear, the Clear logo was prominently displayed on the building. The building's naming rights were sold to The Radio Network and it was renamed to Radio Network House during the ownership of Nor West Arch No.4 Ltd. At the time of demolition the logo of Newstalk ZB, a subsidiary of The Radio Network, was displayed on the building.
The Canterbury region was hit by a series of earthquakes, and the 22 February 2011 Christchurch earthquake damaged the office building beyond repair. About 400 people worked in the building before the earthquakes. Following the earthquakes, the Canterbury Earthquake Recovery Authority (CERA) was set up to manage the recovery process.
Preparation.
On 30 August 2011, CERA added Radio Network House to the list of buildings to be demolished. On 17 July 2012, the local Canterbury newspaper "The Press" reported that implosion of Radio Network House had been approved by CERA. The same day, a press conference was held, where representatives of the demolition companies involved and of CERA addressed the media. The main contractor for the demolition was Naylor Love, who engaged Ceres New Zealand for the implosion. Ceres in turn partnered with Controlled Demolition, Inc., an American company based in Phoenix, Maryland, that has a track record of 9,000 implosions and is considered a world leader in the field. The implosion of Radio Network House was a test case, as the technique had not been applied in New Zealand before, and there are still many more tall buildings to be demolished in Christchurch. The implosion was challenging for Controlled Demolition, Inc., as New Zealand buildings are designed to withstand earthquake loading and thus have much more reinforcing in them than the buildings they usually deal with.
Before demolition, buildings are stripped of their contents, including internal plasterboard linings. As the fees for dumping demolition waste have risen since the earthquakes, it is more economical for demolition contractors to produce 'clean' demolition material. Holes were drilled into support columns of the building and filled with a total of some of explosives, which when set off, would destroy the support structure and cause the collapse of the building. A challenge for the demolition contractor was that explosives available in New Zealand are low-velocity and low-energy.
A representative from Ceres stated that the implosion would shorten the demolition process by some six weeks and would save money. Costs were around NZ$1m for the implosion, compared to some NZ$1.2m for a conventional demolition, with the owner's building insurance covering the costs. The owner of the building, however, stated that the implosion was not a cheaper option for his company than a conventional demolition, but it "would save others thousands". He likened the consent process to Christopher Columbus wanting to sail to America, with everybody telling him that it could not be done.
The owner of the Westende building, on the corner of Manchester and Worcester Street and some away from Radio Network House, threatened to seek a court injunction against the implosion. He raised concerns about potential seismic activity, possible damage to his new building, and noxious contaminants transferred by dust. The original Westende building had been destroyed in the first earthquake in 2010 and was one of the very few new buildings in the centre of Christchurch to have been rebuilt already. The concerns were dismissed by the demolition contractors and the threatened court action did not eventuate. this statement is not supported by the online version of that article, but I suspect that the printed version was different and did state the fact – Schwede66-->
Auction.
Soon after the announcement was made that the implosion had been approved, it was reported that the demolition contractors considered putting the right to push the button for the implosion up for auction, with the proceeds going to charity. "I've seen them go for $6,000" is how one of the company representatives was quoted, but the issue of liability needed to be worked through. The auction was set up on the internet auction website TradeMe and went live on Tuesday, 24 July, at 11 am. It was set up with a $1 reserve (meaning that theoretically, the right to push the button could have been sold for just $1). The auction was hugely popular and within one hour, bidding had reached $6,000. Bidding reached $30,000, but some bids were considered illegitimate and TradeMe staff removed them, and in other cases, bidders themselves requested to be removed.
When the auction closed, it had received the third highest number of viewers of TradeMe auctions ever, at 459,420 views. The winning bid was $26,000, placed by a consortium of seven demolition contractors who currently undertake demolitions in the Christchurch Central City (D Construction, Dormer Construction, Jurgens Demolition, March Construction, Pro Tranz Contracting and Clampet Developments, Shilton and Brown Demolition, and Ward's Demolition). They gave the right to choose a person to push the button to the Child Cancer Foundation, who nominated a six-year-old boy from Queenstown.
The charity chosen to receive the proceeds of the auction was the Canterbury Earthquake Heritage Buildings Fund, who passed the funds to the Isaac Theatre Royal in Gloucester Street, a heritage building registered as Category I by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. The Government of New Zealand pledged to match donations towards the restoration of heritage buildings dollar for dollar, so the final amount received by the Isaac Theatre Royal was NZ$52,000.
Implosion.
The demolition companies involved appealed to the public on the day prior to the implosion to stay away for health and safety reasons, and watch the proceedings on TV or the internet. Several television stations had live streams of the event, and "The Press" announced that they would post a video on their website shortly after the implosion. An exclusion zone was put in place to ensure that nobody would be within approximately of the building.
Despite the appeal, thousands of onlookers filled the street on Sunday morning of 5 August. Punctually at 8 am, a series of short explosions were heard, followed by another series a couple of seconds later. The building collapsed towards the north as planned, and the implosion manager from Controlled Demolition, Inc. was quoted as saying that "it went a bit further than I had hoped so I am lucky". The explosions were heard around Christchurch.
One of CERA's objectives in approving the implosion was to find out how the soil behaved, as Radio Network House was built on one of the worst soils in Christchurch. Seismograph readings showed ground velocity of 12 mm/s, which is comparable to a large truck slowly driving across the demolition site. With any residual concerns about the performance of poor soils during building implosions removed, it will be much easier for other building owners to obtain consent from CERA. Further implosions are likely, with a representative from Controlled Demolition, Inc. describing the Christchurch market as a "target-rich environment".
The implosion attracted global attention, with media in Australia, Canada, Ireland, South Africa and the United States covering the event.

</doc>
<doc id="36650586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650586" title="Nova, Semnan">
Nova, Semnan

Nova (, also Romanized as Novā) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650592" title="Qasemabad, Damghan">
Qasemabad, Damghan

Qasemabad (, also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 110, in 37 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650595" title="List of Beaver Falls episodes">
List of Beaver Falls episodes

This is an episode list for "Beaver Falls", a Drama which debuted on E4 in 2011. The first series, shown July-August, comprised six episodes; a second series of six episodes is currently airing from August-September.

</doc>
<doc id="36650596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650596" title="Richard Barber (disambiguation)">
Richard Barber (disambiguation)

Richard Barber is a British historian.
Richard Barber may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650602" title="Qasemabad, Semnan">
Qasemabad, Semnan

Qasemabad (, also Romanized as Qāsemābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.

</doc>
<doc id="36650606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650606" title="James Timberlake">
James Timberlake

James H. Timberlake (March 22, 1846 – February 21, 1891) was an American law enforcement officer, Civil War soldier, farmer and rancher who served as a deputy U.S. marshal for the Western District of Missouri. Timberlake is best known for being the chief enforcer and investigator against the James-Younger Gang, beginning in the 1870s, which culminated in the death of the outlaw Jesse James on April 3, 1882, at the hands of Robert Ford.
Life and career.
James Timberlake was born on March 22, 1846 in Platte County, Missouri, to farmer John Timberlake and his wife Patsy Noland. Timberlake remained at home to help on his family farm until 1864, when he joined the cavalry division of the Army of Missouri, under the command of Colonel Alonzo W. Slayback in the American Civil War. Timberlake became a second lieutenant and participated in a number of engagements under the command of General Joseph O. Shelby. Following the surrender of the Confederate States of America, Timberlake accompanied Shelby and his one thousand-plus men into Mexico to pledge allegiance to Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico. Maximilian declined this offer, but granted land to the troops. In December 1865, Timberlake abandoned his life in Mexico and returned to Missouri to continue farming and raising stock.
On November 25, 1874, Timberlake was married to Katie Thomason, the daughter of Grafton Thomason, who was a founder of Liberty, Missouri. In 1876, Timberlake was appointed constable of Liberty, but was discharged in 1878 so that he could be appointed as the new county sheriff.
When the James-Younger Gang rose to prominence in the 1870s, Timberlake teamed up with Liberty's Police commissioner Henry H. Craig to investigate and pursue the outlaws. Timberlake became the primary investigator of the gang and soon gained recognition from Governor Thomas Theodore Crittenden, who claimed Timberlake was largely responsible for the dissolution of the gang in 1882. In January 1882, outlaws Robert Ford, Charles Ford and Dick Liddil surrendered to Timberlake at the Fords' sister, Martha Bolton's residence in Ray County, Missouri, on the condition that they would receive full pardons and $10,000 in reward money, in exchange for the death or imprisonment of the gang's ringleader, Jesse James. Robert Ford directed Timberlake to Adairville, Kentucky, where he arrested Jesse James' cousin, Clarence Hite on February 11, 1882. On March 24, 1882, Timberlake detailed a plan he designed in collaboration with Crittenden, which entailed that the Fords would have ten days to apprehend James, or else the pardon and reward would not stand. When Robert Ford killed James on April 3, 1882, Crittenden resented that an apprehension was not made and paid the majority of the reward to Timberlake.
Following the death of Jesse James, Timberlake, along with the other conspirators in the mission to assassinate James found their reputations ruined, due in large to the nature in which James was killed. Timberlake, having completed his second term as county sheriff, declined to run for re-election, in favor of running for county collector, but was soundly defeated, thanks to a smear campaign run by supporters of James' cause. He retreated to New Mexico, where he and his brother maintained successful ranches. However, Timberlake returned to Missouri in 1883, when he was reappointed deputy U.S. marshal for the Western District of Missouri by Crittenden. He resigned soon after his wife died, however, and returned to farming and remained working at the stables until he died from an opioid overdose of morphine, prompted by his insomnia, on February 21, 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="36650607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650607" title="Rashm">
Rashm

Rashm (, also Romanized as Reshm and Rishm; also known as Gulāki) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 327, in 78 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650613" title="Leopold Pilichowski">
Leopold Pilichowski

Leopold Pilichowski (March 23, 1869 – July 28, 1934) was a Polish-Jewish realist painter in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, active during the final years of the foreign partitions of Poland. He was known for his commitment to social commentary and psychological depictions of Jewish themes and characters. In 1914, at the age of 45, Pilichowski emigrated to Great Britain. He served as president of the Association of Polish Jews in London. From 1926 until his death, he was also the president of the Ben Uri Art Society. His work can be found in the permanent collections of the National Museums in Kraków and Warsaw and the City Museum of Łódź. More representative work is held at the Jewish Museum of New York ("Sukkot").
Life.
Pilichowski was born in Piła near Sieradz in central Poland (some sources list the village of Zadzim close to Piła). He began his art education with painter Szmul (Samuel) Hirszenberg, his relative, in the nearby metropolitan city of Łódź. He continued art studies in Warsaw with Professor Wojciech Gerson (1886), then in Munich, at the Academy of Fine Arts, and in Paris, at the Académie Julian. While in France, he also exhibited his paintings for the first time. In 1894, he had his first solo exhibition in Łódź.
Pilichowski settled in Łódź around 1894, and began to produce his first engaging paintings about Jewish life in an industrialized environment. He portrayed peddlers, migrants, exhausted travellers at railway stations and dignified mourners at funerals. He also depicted Jewish prayers, gatherings, festivals and holy days. Pilichowski became an active Zionist around 1908 and turned to political portraiture of Zionist leaders. He moved to Paris in 1904, and to London a decade later, with his wife and young children. He visited Mandate Palestine in 1925. While there, he produced a monumental painting showing some 120 people for the opening of the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, a group portrait which included himself. Back in London, he also painted impoverished Jews from the Whitechapel district. Pilichowski was married to Lena Pilichowski in Poland and had 4 children while in France. He died in London either in 1933 (according to some), or more likely in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="36650617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650617" title="Gulaki">
Gulaki

Gulaki () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650618" title="Rumenan">
Rumenan

Rumenan (, also Romanized as Rūmenān) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650623" title="Salehabadu">
Salehabadu

Salehabadu (, also Romanized as Şāleḩābādū; also known as Solhābād and Şāleḩābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650624" title="Jon Ecker">
Jon Ecker

Jon-Michael Ecker Born March 16, 1983 in San Marcos, Texas, is a marine biologist, photographer, actor and model and plays the character of Ari Morales in soap opera "Popland". He is currently working on the soap opera produced by Telemundo Studios, Miami "Corazón Valiente" playing the character Pablo Peralta.

</doc>
<doc id="36650631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650631" title="Adını Feriha Koydum">
Adını Feriha Koydum

Adını Feriha Koydum is a Turkish television drama series produced by Med Yapım. The series broadcast on Show TV and it is written by duo Melis Civelek and Sırma Yanık.
This television series is mainly about a young and beautiful girl named Feriha Yilmaz, a doorkeeper's daughter. She goes to a university where a playboy, Emir Sarrafoglu, also studies. Emir, who isn't usually in love, falls in love with Feriha at first sight. 
This story includes lies, love, happiness, sadness, hatred, and in the end, death.
Plot.
The series is mainly about "Feriha Yılmaz" (Hazal Kaya) who is the main character in the series, and her life. Feriha is a daughter of a poor family. Her father "Rıza Yılmaz" (Metin Çekmez) is a doorman in Etiler, which is an upper-class neighborhood of Istanbul. Her mother "Zehra Yılmaz" (Vahide Gördüm) is a housekeeper. Feriha was able to get a full scholarship to a private university. Ever since her first day there, Feriha poses as a rich girl with a very wealthy father. There she meets a handsome and rich boy called "Emir Sarrafoğlu" (Çağatay Ulusoy). Feriha lies about her whole life and background, Emir falls in love with her not knowing who she really is. Unfortunately, she also falls in love with him and is trapped in her own lies. Later on, Emir finds about Feriha's lies and leaves her. They both start to mentally and physically torture each other until halil feriha's ex fiance kidnaps her.Emir goes there to save her and this brings them even closer than before. Emir eventually forgives Feriha and they marry. Later, Emir starts caring for his job at a night club , "Night", more than his wife Feriha. Feriha ultimately gives Emir two choices, 'Her' or 'His Job'. Due to a h, Feriha thinks Emir chose his job while in fact it was the opposite. Feriha leaves Emir and Istanbul with levent. She returns three years later as she is now rich and sees Emir as a successful person and Feriha tries to take her revenge. However, later they find out it was all a misunderstanding that changed their entire lives. Feriha and Emir forgive each other and give each other another chance and remarry. However, during her wedding, in the final scene of the Season 2 finale, Feriha is fatally shot by an unknown person.
This drama is known as unbelievable love story with two person and their different backgrounds.
Cast.
! Actor !! Role
International Broadcasters.
! Country
! Local Name
! Network
! Premiere date
bTV
14 January 2013
BN

</doc>
<doc id="36650646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650646" title="Sobhan, Iran">
Sobhan, Iran

Sobhan (, also Romanized as Sobḩān; also known as Sobḩānābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650663" title="Gilbert Choombe">
Gilbert Choombe

Gilbert Choombe (born 7 March 1992 in Choma, Zambia) is a Zambian boxer. He competed in the Men's light welterweight event at the 2012 Summer Olympics but lost to Jeff Horn in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36650670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650670" title="Seyyed Abadu">
Seyyed Abadu

Seyyed Abadu (, also Romanized as Seyyed Ābādū) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650672" title="2013 IAAF Diamond League">
2013 IAAF Diamond League

The 2013 IAAF Diamond League is the fourth edition of the Diamond League, an annual series of fourteen one-day track and field meetings. 
The series began on 10 May in Doha, Qatar and will end on 6 September in Brussels, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="36650676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650676" title="MV Yulius Fuchik">
MV Yulius Fuchik

Yulius Fuchik ("Юлиус Фучик") was a Soviet and later Russian barge carrier. Derivatives of the Seabee system, she and her sister ship, "Tibor Szamueli", were built in the late 1970s by the Finnish state-owned shipbuilder Valmet in Vuosaari shipyard. As the demand for lighter transport fell in the 1990s, she was sold and eventually broken up in Alang in 2003.
"Yulius Fuchik" was featured in the 1986 techno-thriller "Red Storm Rising" by Tom Clancy and Larry Bond.
History.
Development and construction.
In the 1970s, the Soviet authorities issued a request for tenders for the construction of a vessel capable of carrying 25 to 30 barges with displacement of 1,300 tons. At that time, the Soviet Union had the most extensive inland waterway system in the world and the Rhine–Main–Danube Canal connecting the North Sea to the Black Sea was expected to open in the near future. Together with the increasing oil prices, the development of efficient barge-carrying systems with high loading and unloading rate generated considerable interest in the Soviet Union.
The contract for two ships was awarded to the Finnish state-owned shipbuilding company Valmet and was, at the time, the largest single contract made by a Finnish industrial company at FIM 700 million (US$200 million). Although Valmet had been developing its own barge handling system, it was agreed that the proven American Seabee concept would be adopted instead of the shipyard's own design due to the relatively short timescale before delivery. The Soviets purchased two sets of drawings from the American owners for US$1 million. However, a number of changes were made to the original design, and as a result the design costs accounted for some 25 percent of the manhours spent on the project. The work included extensive model testing, which resulted in the adoption of a bulbous bow that alone increased the ships' service speed by 0.5 knots.
"Yulius Fuchik", named after a Czech journalist, was launched on 3 March 1978 and handed to V/O Sudoimport, the Soviet foreign trade organization with a monopoly for the foreign trade of ships, on 20 October of the same year. At the time of her delivery, she was the most expensive ship ever constructed by a Finnish shipyard. The second ship, "Tibor Szamueli", followed in 1979. The ships were later followed by two smaller feeder-type barge carriers, "Boris Polevoy" and "Pavel Antokolskiy", in the 1980s.
Career.
"Yulius Fuchik" and her sister ship were operated by Interlighter, a company founded in May 1978 by the governments of Bulgaria, Hungary, Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia with the sole purpose of transporting lighters without transshipment between the countries along the Danube river and the countries in South and South-East Asia. The transportation service was offered under the brand "Danube-Sea Line". The barges carried by "Yulius Fuchik" were loaded in various ports along the Danube river and then pushed downstream to Sulina, Romania, where they were loaded in the ship. They were mainly transported to the Mekong Delta, a voyage that took around 18 days, and pushed upstream as far as Phnom Penh, Cambodia, for unloading. Occasionally, lighters were also carried to Karachi, Pakistan; Bombay, India; and Penang, Malaysia. The service continued until the early 1990s, when the demand for lighters dropped and the ships were laid up.
The subsequent career of the Finnish-built barge carriers is unclear. Both "Yulius Fuchik" and "Tibor Szamueli" were sold in the late 1990s and renamed "Production Driller" and "Development Driller" respectively. Despite the names, it is uncertain if the ships were ever converted or otherwise used for offshore drilling. After the alleged plans for using the barge carriers to transport rolling stock from the United States to the Latin America fell through, the ships were laid up in Piraeus, Greece.
The ships changed hands again in 2002. "Production Driller" was renamed "Asian Alliance" and "Development Driller" became "Asian Reliance". It is unknown if the specialized barge carriers, already close to the end of their economic life, were used for transporting cargo. Both ships were sold for scrap in 2003 "as is" in Eleusis, Greece. "Asian Alliance" was renamed "Alliance" and broken up in Alang, India, while "Asian Reliance" was rechristened "Reliance" and then "C Reliance", and scrapped on Gadani Beach, Pakistan.
Design.
General characteristics.
"Yulius Fuchik" was long overall and between perpendiculars. She had a beam of and her depth to the upper deck was . From keel to mast, she measured . The draft of the ship when loaded to the summer load line was , corresponding to displacement of 60,262 tons. Her gross register tonnage was 35,817 register tons, net register tonnage 15,497 register tons and deadweight tonnage 37,850 tons. In terms of the main dimensions, "Yulius Fuchik" was slightly wider than the older Seabee ships, but otherwise her main dimensions were nearly identical to the original design.
The general arrangements of "Yulius Fuchik" were largely dictated by the cargo handling system. The superstructure, spanning across the weather deck, housed only part of the ship's accommodation space. The entire crew of 50 was housed in single cabins, most of them located within the narrow side compartments on both sides of the cargo decks. In addition to normal messes and saloons, the amenities of the ship also included sports and hobby rooms, library, sauna, photographic laboratory and even a swimming pool.
Cargo capacity.
"Yulius Fuchik" belonged to the distinct group of cargo ships known as barge carriers which offered, at the time, the highest theoretical loading and unloading rate of all cargo ships. The lighter aboard ship (LASH) system was based on unpowered barges, also known as lighters, that were loaded on board a larger vessel for transport between inland waterways separated by open seas. For this purpose, "Yulius Fuchik" had vast cargo decks and a large lifting platform in the stern.
Although the basic design of the ship was based on existing Seabee ships with a capacity of 38 1,000-ton lighters, "Yulius Fuchik" was designed for 26 slightly different "Danube-Sea barges" weighing 1,300 tons each. Both the lower deck and the 'tweendeck could accommodate eight barges, two side-by-side, while the longer weather deck had enough space for ten barges, each capable of carrying 1,070 tons of cargo. The barges were moved longitudinally in the cargo holds on remote-controlled platforms. Although the bottom deck, located below the waterline at maximum draught, was protected by a watertight stern door, flooding it while the ship was underway would not have compromised the stability of the vessel. 
The most striking feature of the ship was the lifting platform in the stern, abaft from the propellers and rudders, which was supported by high cantilever structures on both sides. Although the arrangement was similar to the original Seabee design, the "Syncrolift" cargo elevator was electric instead of hydraulic. Eight winches in four pairs were capable of hoisting 2,600 tons of cargo at a speed of 0.7 metres per minute ( per minute), giving the ship a calculated loading capacity of about 2,600 tons per hour in optimum conditions.
In addition to the purpose-built barges, "Yulius Fuchik" could also carry other types of cargo. Although each barge could be loaded with 15 standard 20-foot shipping containers, they could also be carried on the cargo decks and even moved around with the barge-handling equipment. Using special container adapters on the cargo rails, "Yulius Fuchik" could carry 1,312 loaded containers plus an additional 240 empty containers on the upper deck stacks, bringing the total container capacity to . In addition, 54 LASH-type barges (the type used by the nuclear-powered "Sevmorput") could be carried with another set of adapters, and the decks were strengthened for ro-ro cargo with axle loads up to 22 tons. Furthermore, the ship carried two pusher tugs for handling the barges.
Power and propulsion.
"Yulius Fuchik" was powered by four 16-cylinder Wärtsilä-Pielstick 16PC2-5V400 medium-speed diesel engines located amidships, each producing at 504 rpm. The engines were coupled via double input/single output reduction gearboxes to two KaMeWa controllable pitch propellers turning at 135 rpm. The propeller shafts were of considerable length, and thus had to be supported by six bearings. The propulsion system gave the ship a maximum speed of , but her typical service speed was slightly less, . Underway, the ship burned heavy fuel oil at a rate of 128 tons per day. The propulsion system of "Yulius Fuchik" was the largest deviation from the original Seabee design which utilized a single steam turbine coupled to a fixed pitch propeller instead of the twin shaft diesel power plant.
For maneuvering at ports, "Yulius Fuchik" was also equipped with a 900kW bow thruster. Onboard electricity was produced by four six-cylinder medium-speed Valmet-B&W 6S28 diesel alternators, each generating 1,250 kVA.
In popular culture.
"Yulius Fuchik" played a prominent role in the 1986 techno-thriller "Red Storm Rising" by Tom Clancy and Larry Bond. In the novel, she was disguised as the American-flagged Seabee carrier "Doctor Lykes" and used to transport Soviet troops to Keflavik, Iceland. In order to conform with the slightly different silhouette of the Lykes Lines ship, parts of her superstructure were removed and the shape of the funnels was altered with prefabricated parts. Furthermore, the twenty-foot Interlighter markings on the side of the ship were painted over and replaced with the Lykes Brothers Steamship Company emblem.
Later in the book, "Yulius Fuchik" was spotted by an American P-3C Orion shortly after launching four Lebed class hovercraft from her cargo deck. After an SA-7 surface-to-air missile launched from the ship failed to hit the Orion, the American plane retaliated with a Harpoon anti-ship missile and called in two F-15s to strafe the ship with their 20 mm cannons. The damaged "Yulius Fuchik" eventually reached the port of Keflavik and, after running aground during the approach, slowly settled to the bottom next to the quay in water only a few feet deeper than the draught of the vessel.

</doc>
<doc id="36650680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650680" title="Kilo Kish">
Kilo Kish

Lakisha Kimberly "Kish" Robinson (born May 10, 1990), better known by her stage name Kilo Kish, is an American vocalist, song writer, visual artist, painter, fashion/textile designer, and model/actress. 
Early life.
Kish was born in Orlando, Florida on May 10, 1990 to a family of African-American descent. She went to elementary school in Bergen County, New Jersey, but later returned to Orlando.
At age 18, Kish received a partial scholarship to go to Pratt Institute, New York. While taking a year off and working multiple jobs, she began establishing relationships and cultivating her New York experience. During this time she worked at a salon, as an intern, various night-life restaurants, and modeling gigs for numerous brands. Kish continued her education by enrolling into Fashion Institute of Technology (for textile design) and graduated in 2012.
Her musical pursuits began when her roommates Smash Simmons and Mel McCloud decided to set up an in-home studio and call the project the Kool Kats Klub. It was through this exposure that she initially met Matt Martians of the neo-soul duo The Internet and collaborated on The Jet Age of Tomorrow's "Want you Still" and The Internet's "Ode to a Dream".
Releases.
"Homeschool EP".
Released on April 2, 2012, Homeschool was well-received and garnered Kish attention from publications such as Complex, making their 2012 best albums list . The EP's production is handled by past collaborators such as The Internet and Jet Age's Hal Williams who also provides guest vocals on the project.
On July 31, 2012, Kish released "Watergun" (via Soundcloud), a song produced by The Internet.
"Navy".
On September 17, 2012, "Navy" was released on The Blue Rider record label. A video for "Navy", as self-directed by Kish with Ben Rayner, premiered on The Fader the same day.
This release also contains a remix of "Navy" by MeLo-X.
"K+".
The K+ mixtape was released for free download on February 7, 2013. Contributors include Childish Gambino, Star Slinger, SBTRKT, A$AP Ferg of A$AP Mob, Earl Sweatshirt and Matt Martians of OFWGKTA, among others.
In December 2013 Kilo Kish released K+ THE BOOK as an extension to her successful mixtape. It offers a digitized magazine filled with behind-the-scenes photos, art, and videos featuring many of the artists she collaborated with and can be downloaded on iTunes and Amazon. 
″Across″.
Across is to be released as an EP and is due for release on July 8th 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36650685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650685" title="List of downloadable songs for Rocksmith">
List of downloadable songs for Rocksmith

"Rocksmith" supports a DLC store that features a growing range of songs as well as future additions such as pedals and amps. Bass guitar functionality was added to the North American version of the game via downloadable content on August 14, 2012. All DLC songs are forward-compatible with Rocksmith 2014, but DLC songs released on or after October 22, 2013 are compatible only with Rocksmith 2014 and will not play on the original version of Rocksmith. As of , there are 264 songs available to download from the Rocksmith store.
All songs are available to buy as singles. Songs by the same artist are available as Song Packs, which include three to five songs, for a slightly discounted price.

</doc>
<doc id="36650691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650691" title="Sophie, Princess of Windisch-Graetz">
Sophie, Princess of Windisch-Graetz

Sophie, Princess of Windisch-Graetz (born Sophie Franziska Maria Germaine of Habsburg-Lorraine, Archduchess of Austria, 19 January 1959) is a member by birth of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine, and by marriage of the German House of Windisch-Graetz.
Biography.
Sophie was born on 19 January 1959, the daughter of Archduke Ferdinand Karl of Austria and of Helene, Countess zu Toerring-Jettenbach. Her father was a first cousin of Otto of Habsburg, the last Crown Prince of Austria-Hungary, and her mother was a daughter of Princess Elizabeth of Greece and Denmark. 
She moved to Spain to pursue a career as a model and became an international jet set personality. She had worked as a fashion journalist in Madrid, before marrying the head of the Windisch-Graetz House, the German-Italian prince Mariano Hugo of Windisch-Graetz. 
Hailed as one of the European beauties of the 80s, Sophie was a fashion icon in the 1980s. She was known for her beautiful blue eyes, and lavish spending and whirlwind social life. However, after her marriage she becomes a housewife with a private life.

</doc>
<doc id="36650692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650692" title="Thoresby">
Thoresby

Thoresby may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650694" title="Torquay Academy">
Torquay Academy

Torquay Academy is an over-subscribed non-selective 11 to 18 school in Torquay, Devon, England. Prior to 1 September 2012 it was known as Torquay Community College. The academy is part of a Multi-Academy Trust in partnership with Torquay Boys' Grammar School.
The head teacher is Steve Margetts. In January 2010, the school moved into a new building as part of the Building Schools for the Future scheme. In March 2012, a short film about the school's innovative design was made by ITN and broadcast at the Building Schools Exhibition and Conference.

</doc>
<doc id="36650700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650700" title="1983 South American U-20 Championship">
1983 South American U-20 Championship

The South American Youth Championship 1983 was held in Cochabamba, La Paz and Santa Cruz, Bolivia. It also served as qualification for the 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
First Round.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Final Round.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The three best performing teams qualified for the 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36650702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650702" title="Scott Budnick (film producer)">
Scott Budnick (film producer)

Scott Budnick is an American film producer whose work includes serving as one of the executive producers of the "The Hangover" (2009), the highest-grossing R-Rated comedy of all time.
He is also noteworthy for his efforts as a volunteer in California State prisons and advocacy on behalf of prisoners, and he was awarded the 2012 California Governor's Volunteer of the Year for his efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="36650714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650714" title="Jefferson Moore">
Jefferson Moore

Jefferson Moore is an American actor, writer, producer, director and editor based in Louisville, Kentucky. He is the founder and owner of Kelly's Filmworks.
Background.
Jefferson attended The University of Kentucky and Western Kentucky University and began working in sales. He met his wife Kelly while attending WKU. He began his acting career by accident. He attended an audition at a regional theater with his wife, who was auditioning. The director asked him to read the lead lines as the person who was supposed to didn't show up, and he wound up with the part. Afterwards, he continued doing stage work and later moved into on-camera roles in music videos, television commercials, and short films; after nine years, he landed his first principle role in a feature film opposite Lou Diamond Phillips and Andre Braugher.
In 2001, he founded Kelly's Filmworks Ltd. (named for his wife and co-founder, Kelly) and proceeded to write, produce, direct and edit his own projects. The company also handles its own distribution. Incidentally, each movie has a character named "Kelly" somewhere in the film.
Jefferson has served as editor on several of his films, under the pseudonym Pate Walters.

</doc>
<doc id="36650723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650723" title="1994–95 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season">
1994–95 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 1994–95 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season was fairly active, with storms forming regularly from October through April. It was much less damaging than its predecessor, and most of the storms in the season remained over water or only brushed land. The first system was Tropical Depression A1, which formed in October and passed north of Madagascar. The first named storm was Albertine, which formed on November 23 in the northeastern portion of the basin and became one of three intense tropical cyclones. The last storm was Marlene, which was also an intense tropical cyclone and dissipated on April 11.
Most of the storms originated from the intertropical convergence zone. In late December into early January, tropical storms Bentha and Christelle persisted to the east of Madagascar, undergoing the Fujiwhara effect with each other. Later in January, Dorina became the second of three intense tropical cyclones, but weakened before passing near Rodrigues. Tropical Depression Eliceca and Tropical Storm Fodah both formed in the Mozambique Channel toward the end of January, bringing gusty winds and rainfall to the region. In February, Gail produced gusty winds on Rodrigues, and Tropical Storm Heida entered the basin from Australian region. Later in the month, Ingrid brought strong winds to Mauritius. Tropical storms Josta and Kylie developed toward the beginning of March from the same overall system, affecting Madagascar and Réunion, respectively. After they dissipated, Tropical Depression Lidy caused flooding and damage on Rodrigues due to heavy rainfall.
Seasonal summary.
During the year, the Météo-France office on Réunion (MFR) issued warnings for tropical systems in the region as the Regional Specialised Meteorological Centre. In the year, MFR tracked tropical cyclones south of the equator from the coast of Africa to 90º E. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) also issued warnings in an unofficial capacity.
Several of the storms in the season affected the island of Rodrigues, an outer island of Mauritius; however, only one – Tropical Depression Lidy – caused damage after dropping heavy rainfall. The season as a whole was much less damaging than the preceding season. There were 58 days in which a storm or cyclone was active, 17 above normal. There were 11 systems that became moderate tropical storms, two above the normal of 9. The six tropical cyclones – a storm with winds of 120 km/h (75 mph) – was also above the average of five.
Storms.
Intense Tropical Cyclone Albertine.
The intertropical convergence zone (ITCZ) became active toward the end of November, spawning a low pressure area on November 23 about 400 km (250 mi) east of Diego Garcia. This system quickly organized into a tropical disturbance, aided by favorable conditions. On November 24, the JTWC began classifying it as Tropical Cyclone 02S. The next day, the system intensified into Tropical Storm Albertine while moving southwestward, steered by a ridge to the southeast. Late on November 25, an eye developed in the center of the convection, and Albertine intensified to tropical cyclone status the next day. The eye gradually became better organized, attaining a diameter of 90 km (55 mi) on November 28 as Albertine became an intense tropical cyclone. At that time, the MFR estimated peak 10–minute winds of 175 km/h (110 mph), with gusts to . In contrast, the JTWC estimated 1–minute winds of 215 km/h (130 mph). After moving over an area of cool water temperatures, Albertine quickly weakened and lost its well-defined eye. On November 30, the center passed about northwest of Rodrigues after weakening to severe tropical storm status. After weakening gradually, the storm began deteriorating faster due to increasing wind shear. A polar low steered Albertine southeastward until absorbing the system on December 3. 
In its formative stages, Albertine brushed Diego Garcia with gusts of 63 km/h (39 mph). On Rodridgues, Albertine produced peak gusts of , along with heavy rainfall, causing some damage. The island was under a cyclone watch for 39 hours, the first of the warning system set up by MFR during the season.
Moderate Tropical Storm Christelle.
Toward the end of December, the equatorial trough spawned two areas of convection – one persisted southwest of Diego Garcia, which would become Tropical Storm Bentha, and the other persisted between Agalega and the Farquhar Group in the Seychelles. The latter system organized into Tropical Disturbance B1 on December 27, but wind shear in the region prevented significant development and dislocated the center from the thunderstorms. A ridge to the southeast steered the disturbance slowly southwestward toward Madagascar. As it neared the country, the system turned westward and intensified into a tropical depression after developing a spiral band of convection. On January 2, the depression made landfall near Antalaha in northeastern Madagascar, and quickly weakened over land.
The system moved to the northeast and looped back to the east, influenced by developing Tropical Storm Bentha. On January 4, after Bentha was named, the system was renamed Tropical Disturbance C1. Convection gradually reorganized over the center as the two storms interacted and moved cyclonically around each other. The disturbance intensified after Bentha began weakening, becoming Tropical Storm Christelle on January 5. On the next day, the JTWC began issuing advisories on Tropical Cyclone 07S. Christelle slowly intensified as it turned more to the south, becoming the dominant system after absorbing Bentha. A warm spot formed in the center of the convection, and the MFR estimated peak winds of 85 km/h (50 mph) on January 6. The same wind shear that weakened Bentha caused Christelle to deteriorate on January 7. The center passed near Mauritius on January 8 as a tropical depression. Two days later, a cold front steered the system to the southeast, absorbing it after Christelle became extratropical on January 11.
Both Bentha and Christelle brought gusty winds and rainfall to Mauritius, and caused Réunion to be under a cyclone watch for five days. The system also produced rainfall and landslides in Madagascar.
Moderate Tropical Storm Bentha.
The same broad system that spawned Christelle also produced an area of convection southwest of Diego Garcia toward the end of December. On January 1, the convection began organizing, aided by an anticyclone aloft, and it became a tropical depression on the next day. The system quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Bentha on January 3 while moving generally southwestward. Also on that day, the JTWC classified it as Tropical Cyclone 06S. On January 4, Bentha attained peak winds of 85 km/h (50 mph), and on the same day the storm began interacting with developing Tropical Storm Christelle to the west. On January 5, increased shear weakened Bentha, and by the following day the storm deteriorated into a tropical depression. The system passed about 250 km (155 mi) north of Réunion on January 6, dissipating shortly thereafter near Tromelin Island while being absorbed into Christelle.
Both Bentha and Christelle brought gusty winds and rainfall to Mauritius, and caused Réunion to be under a cyclone watch for five days. 
Intense Tropical Cyclone Dorina.
The ITCZ spawned an area of convection and a vortex in the northeastern portion of the basin on January 18, which organized into a tropical disturbance that day. It initially moved southeastward under the influence of the monsoon, although it gradually recurved back to the southwest. On January 19, the system intensified into Tropical Storm Dorina, and on the next day the JTWC initiated advisories on it as Tropical Cyclone 08S. Dorina quickly intensified into a tropical cyclone by January 21, developing a 40 km (25 mi) eye in the center of the convection. Later that day, the storm became an intense tropical cyclone, less than three days after its development; such a quick time to attain that intensity is unusual for the basin. At 18:00 UTC on January 21, Dorina attained peak winds of 175 km/h (110 mph), according to the MFR, and 185 km/h (115 mph) according to the JTWC.
After moving over an area of cooler waters, Dorina began weakening, indicated by the previously well-defined eye becoming ragged. On January 24, the cyclone weakened into a severe tropical storm. The motion became more west-southwesterly after the ridge weakened. A passing trough increased shear over Dorina, which caused further weakening and for the convection to deteriorate. However, conditions became more favorable on January 27, allowing Dorina to re-intensify slightly as it redeveloped an eye feature. On that day, the storm passed about 250 km (155 mi) south of Rodrigues, producing gusts of 115 km/h (70 mph). Subsequently, Dorina turned back to the southwest and later to the south, influenced by another passing trough that had absorbed Tropical Storm Fodah. Strong wind shear caused the storm to weaken again. On January 31, Dorina became extratropical while turning to the southeast and was later absorbed into the trough. 
Severe Tropical Storm Fodah.
After the remnants of Tropical Depression Eliceca dissipated over Madagascar, an area of disturbed weather persisted over the Mozambique Channel, spawning a low pressure area near Juan de Nova Island on January 21. Convection greatly increased on the next day, indicating the system became a tropical disturbance. Moving southward, the system became a tropical depression on January 23 as the system organized further, aided by an anticyclone aloft. On January 24, the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Fodah while near Europa Island, and soon after became a severe tropical storm. The MFR estimated peak winds of 100 km/h (65 mph), while the JTWC, which initiated advisories that day as Tropical Cyclone 09S, estimated winds of 85 km/h (50 mph). Gusts on Europa Island were less than 110 km/h (70 mph), despite the storm being nearby. A strong band of convection spread along the Madagascar coastline, producing gusts of 180 km/h (110 mph) at Morombe. Fodah also produced of rainfall, as well as high seas. Moving around the ridge, Fodah continued southward, encountering stronger wind shear on January 25. Steady weakening commenced as the convection deteriorated, and Fodah became extratropical on January 26. A trough turned the remnants to the southeast, absorbing it on January 29.
Tropical Cyclone Gail.
The ITCZ spawned an area of convection near Diego Garcia that became a tropical disturbance on January 31. The system slowly organized due to wind shear in the region, and it moved slowly for several days. On February 4, the disturbance became a tropical depression after the convection organized slightly. Intensification became more rapid on the next day after conditions became more favorable, allowing the depression to intensify into Tropical Storm Gail. Also on February 5, the JTWC began issuing warnings on the system as Tropical Cyclone 10S. Gail quickly strengthened while moving southwestward, developing a small, poorly-defined eye in the center of the convection. On February 7, it attained tropical cyclone status, reaching peak winds of 120 km/h (75 mph). Increasing shear caused Gail to weaken, beginning on February 8. That night, the center passed less than 30 km (20 mi) north of Rodrigues. Gail maintained its intensity as a severe tropical storm after the shear decreased slightly. A trough turned the storm to the south on February 10 and caused weakening, resulting in Gail's dissipation on the next day.
While Gail approached the island of Rodrigues, the storm produced winds of 120 km/h (75 mph) and gusts to at Port Mathurin.
Moderate Tropical Storm Heida.
As Gail was developing, the ITCZ spawned another disturbance in the Australian region on February 3. On the next day, it crossed 90º E into the south-west Indian Ocean as a tropical depression. The system intensified into Tropical Storm Heida on February 5 while moving west-southwestward, although the convection never organized beyond a disorganized central dense overcast. The JTWC initiated advisories that day as Tropical Cyclone 11S, and Heida quickly attained peak winds of 75 km/h (45 mph). Wind shear in the region caused the storm to weaken into a tropical depression, although Heida briefly re-intensified into a tropical storm on February 6. A trough in the region steered the circulation to the south-southwest and increased wind shear, resulting in Heida's dissipation on February 8.
Tropical Cyclone Ingrid.
On February 22, a tropical disturbance formed southwest of Diego Garcia. It moved westward, intensifying into Tropical Storm Ingrid on February 24. That day, the JTWC began issuing advisories on the storm as Tropical Cyclone 13S. Ingrid turned more to the southwest while passing just east of St. Brandon, where winds reached 56 km/h (35 mph). After continued intensification, the storm became a tropical cyclone on February 26 while passing between Mauritius and Rodrigues. On Mauritius, winds gusted to 91 km/h (56 mph) at Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport, and the storm produced high waves. On the next day, the MFR estimated peak winds of 150 km/h (90 mph), while the JTWC estimated winds of 185 km/h (115 mph). Ingrid turned to the southeast and weakened, becoming extratropical on March 1.
Severe Tropical Storm Josta.
An extended series of low pressure areas spawned what would become Tropical Storm Josta on March 5 near the Comoros in the northern Mozambique Channel. It initially drifted westward while slowly organizing, becoming a tropical storm on March 7. On that day, the JTWC classified Josta as Tropical Cyclone 16S. On March 8, Josta approached the coast of Mozambique within 90 km (55 mi) of Pemba before turning abruptly to the east-southeast. The convection fluctuated in intensity, eventually becoming better organized on March 9. That day, an eye feature formed in the center of the convection, and the MFR estimated peak winds of 105 km/h (65 mph). By contrast, the JTWC upgraded Josta to the equivalent of a minimal hurricane with winds of 120 km/h (75 mph). The eye feature dissipated soon after due to increased shear, causing Josta to weaken. On March 10, the storm re-intensified slightly, aided by the monsoon, as it passed 160 km (100 mi) south of Mayotte. It again weakened soon thereafter, with the convection spreading ahead of the circulation over Madagascar. On March 12, the circulation dissipated off the northwest coast of Madagascar, partially due to the influence of the stronger Kylie to the southeast. Rains from the storm reached along the coast of Madagascar, despite the storm not making landfall.
Moderate Tropical Storm Kylie.
The same overall system that spawned Josta also produced a disturbance on March 6 off the east coast of Madagascar. While drifting southeastward within a trough, the system slowly organized until becoming a tropical storm on March 7, the same day that the JTWC classified it as Tropical Cyclone 17S. On the next day, the system was named Kylie as it meandered to the north of Mauritius without further strengthening. The convection organized on March 10 into a central dense overcast, and the next day attained peak winds of 85 km/h (50 mph), according to the MFR. By contrast, the JTWC assessed Kylie as becoming much stronger, reaching winds of 160 km/h (100 mph). Subsequently, a trough turned the storm to the southwest, bringing it over the island of Réunion on March 13. Increased wind shear deteriorated the convection as the storm turned to the southeast on March 14. The next day, Kylie was absorbed by the trough.
On Réunion, Kylie produced rainfall along with gusts of over 100 km/h (65 km/h), along with high waves. The storm prompted classes to be canceled, as well as for the airport to be closed, causing flights to be canceled.
Intense Tropical Cyclone Marlene.
The final storm of the season formed on March 29 from the ITCZ to the east of Diego Garcia. The large area of convection quickly became more organized, intensifying into Tropical Storm Marlene on March 30. On that date, the JTWC classified it as Tropical Cyclone 19S. Marlene continued to strengthen as it moved west-southwestward, aided by a surge in the monsoon. An eye formed on March 31, and on the next day the storm became a tropical cyclone. The eye reached a diameter of 25 km (15 mi), embedded within a well-defined central dense overcast. Later on April 1, Marlene became an intense tropical cyclone, just three days after its genesis. That day, it turned to the south due to a passing trough. Less favorable conditions caused Marlene to weaken on April 2, although it re-intensified the next day. The MFR estimated peak winds of 185 km/h (115 mph), and the JTWC estimated winds of 230 km/h (145 mph). The trough that turned it to the south later caused the cyclone to weaken and for the eye to dissipate. On April 5, Marlene was downgraded into a severe tropical storm and subsequently drifted to the northwest, influenced by a ridge behind the trough. Two days later, the storm turned to the southeast and later to the east, gradually weakening into a tropical depression. On April 11, a passing trough absorbed Marlene in the eastern periphery of the basin.
Other storms.
On October 1, an area of convection developed about Seychelles at a low latitude. Moving southwestward, the system organized into Tropical Disturbance A1 on October 2, the first of the season. A small central dense overcast subsequently developed over the circulation. A ridge to the south steered the disturbance westward, bringing it just north of the Farquhar Group. On October 5, the disturbance intensified into a tropical depression, reaching peak winds of 55 km/h (35 mph). Subsequently, increased wind shear dissipated the convection as the rapidly weakening depression passed north of Madagascar. On October 7, the circulation dissipated. There were two other disturbances between October and late November.
There was a tropical disturbance in the first two weeks of January before Dorina formed. Later in the month, the ITCZ spawned an area of convection in the northern Mozambique Channel near the Comoros. A circulation formed within the system on January 20 near the western coast of Madagascar, quickly becoming a tropical depression. That day, the Meteorological Service of Madagascar named the system Eliceca, but the depression quickly moved inland and dissipated. Two disturbances formed in February after the development of Heida and before Ingrid formed.
The ITCZ later produced a disturbance northeast of Rodrigues after Kylie dissipated on March 14. It intensified into a tropical depression as it moved southwestward. Due to the threat to Rodrigues, the Mauritius Meteorological Service named the depression Lidy on March 15, although wind shear in the region prevented further strengthening. It produced gusty winds while passing near Rodrigues on March 16, and subsequently looped near the island. Convection from Lidy produced of rainfall, causing flooding in some areas on Rodrigues. The rains caused erosion and the most damage on the island of any storm in the season. Later, Lidy drifted to the west in the trade winds, dissipating on March 20 to the north of Réunion. After Lidy, there was one final non-developing disturbance.
Storm names.
A tropical disturbance is named when it reaches moderate tropical storm strength. If a tropical disturbance reaches moderate tropical storm status west of 55°E, then the Sub-regional Tropical Cyclone Advisory Centre in Madagascar assigns the appropriate name to the storm. If a tropical disturbance reaches moderate tropical storm status between 55°E and 90°E, then the Sub-regional Tropical Cyclone Advisory Centre in Mauritius assigns the appropriate name to the storm. A new annual list is used every year, so no names are retired. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650736" title="Diversion Books">
Diversion Books

Diversion Books is an eBook publisher co-founded in 2010 by Scott Waxman and Charles Stuart Platkin that specializes in original eBooks from authors, media content companies, and bloggers in the categories of commercial fiction and general interest non-fiction, as well as reissuing backlist titles in eBook format. It is based in New York City.
Notable books.
Bestselling titles include "How to Win at the Sport of Business" by billionaire entrepreneur Mark Cuban, "Swing Your Sword: Leading the Charge in Football and Life" from former Texas Tech University and current Washington State University head football coach Mike Leach, and fiction authors like Bradlee Frazer and Jenny Gardiner (a #1 Kindle bestseller). Additional titles include "It's Just A F***ing Date" by Greg Behrendt, co-author of "New York Times" bestseller "He's Just Not That Into You", "Rumble Fish" by S.E. Hinton, "Executive Actions" by Gary Grossman, "The Road Out of Hell: The True Story of The Wineville Murders" by Anthony Flacco, and "Fae" by C.J. Abedi.

</doc>
<doc id="36650739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650739" title="Sankya (novel)">
Sankya (novel)

Sankya () is a 2006 novel by the Russian writer Zakhar Prilepin. «Sankya» is a story about Sasha Tishin, member of "The Founders" - revolutionary organization, similar to National Bolshevik Party. 
This novel was published in 2006 in Ad Marginem (Russia).
Translations.
Sankya has been translated into Chinese, Polish, French, Serbian, Romanian, Italian, German, Hungarian and English.

</doc>
<doc id="36650746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650746" title="Ginn's Furniture Store">
Ginn's Furniture Store

Ginn's Furniture Store is a historic commercial building in downtown Milton, Kentucky, United States. Built in the late nineteenth century, it has survived multiple natural disasters and is a historic site.
Historic context.
Milton and the surrounding portions of Trimble County are a hilly region located along the Ohio River. The area's first settlers arrived in 1785, when it was still part of Virginia, and Milton was incorporated four years later. River commerce was always an important part of the local economy: across the river from Milton is the city of Madison, which was an early commercial center for Indiana, and a river ferry between the two settlements was started in 1804. The two cities have been connected by the Milton-Madison Bridge since 1929. By the middle of the 19th century, Milton's prosperity was evident in its business community, which included a factory, two blacksmith shops, a hotel, and several grocery stores. After the Civil War, economic growth was handicapped: the rise of rail transportation led to a decline in river traffic, and combined with the absence of a railroad in Trimble County, this led to economic weakness, including the closure of a Milton distillery that was the county's only industry.
Despite their economic weakness, Milton residents erected a surprising number of new buildings during the late nineteenth century. Their new construction was typically vernacular in style, in contrast to the high Greek Revival style that was popular before the Civil War. Unlike in previous decades, this period's new buildings often employed various small decorations, many of which were prefabricated; Ginn's Furniture is typical of this style, featuring small elements such as ornamentation on the windows and a cornice with brackets. Unfortunately, most of Milton's historic architecture has not survived to the present. Significant floods inundated the city repeatedly in the late nineteenth century, and almost everything in its downtown was destroyed.
Architecture.
Ginn's Furniture was erected on an unknown date in the last quarter of the 19th century. Built of brick on a foundation of limestone, it is one of just two historic brick commercial buildings to have survived to the present day in Milton. The two-story facade is six bays wide and features many large windows on both stories situated between limestone lintels, while the sides are divided into eight bays. Individuals may enter the building through either of two entrances in the facade or through three doors on the side; the latter are equipped with sidelights. The entire building is covered by a hip roof, which is pierced by a chimney near each end. Inside, the most impressive element is a pressed tin ceiling, which is original to the building.
Preservation.
In the early 1980s, Kentucky Heritage Council officials travelled throughout Trimble County to conduct a survey of its older buildings for historic preservation purposes. As a result of the survey, thirty-three buildings and one historic district in the county were nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a multiple property submission, and all but one of them were added to the Register in 1983 and 1984. By that time, just six pre-1937 commercial buildings in the downtown were still in existence, including Ginn's Furniture Store. Accordingly, it was one of the buildings listed on the National Register in 1983, due largely to its place as a rare survivor among the earlier buildings in Milton's floodplain zone. Moreover, it was deemed to be the area's most significant building from an architectural point of view — not just downtown, but citywide.

</doc>
<doc id="36650752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650752" title="Kieng Samorn">
Kieng Samorn

Samorn Kieng is a Cambodian distance runner. Kieng took part in the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships where he broke the national Men's 800m record with a time of 1:59.14 even though Kieng was eliminated in the first round. 
He also competed in the Men's 800m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics but was again eliminated in the first round. However, Kieng did finish with a season's best time of 1:55.26.

</doc>
<doc id="36650753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650753" title="Robert Lord (MP)">
Robert Lord (MP)

Robert Lord (by 1495-1531 or later), of Great Grimsby, Lincolnshire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Great Grimsby in 1523.

</doc>
<doc id="36650755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650755" title="Richard Cragun">
Richard Cragun

Richard Cragun (5 October 1944 – 6 August 2012) was an American ballet dancer – one of the most influential dancers of the twentieth century.
Cragun was born in Sacramento, California, United States. He studied at the Banff School of Fine Arts (Canada), the Royal Ballet School (London, England), and with Vera Volkova (Copenhagen, Denmark).
Cragun's artistic development is closely associated with John Cranko, who engaged him in 1962 for the Stuttgart Ballet. With Cranko's choreography (e.g. "Romeo and Juliet", "Onegin", "The Taming of the Shrew"), Cragun became world-famous. He also forged a successful partnership with the ballerina Marcia Haydée. Even after Cranko's death, Cragun remained at the Stuttgart Ballet through the end of his dancing career in 1996. There, and in his many guest appearances around the world, he worked with several choreographers who have significantly influenced the development of dance. He danced in works choreographed by Kenneth MacMillan, John Neumeier, Jiri Kylian, William Forsythe, and Maurice Bejart.
From 1996 to 1999, he was ballet director at the Deutsche Oper Berlin. He left Berlin in 1999 to start a new ballet company in the Brazilian city of Curitiba and at the Teatro Municipal of Rio de Janeiro with his partner Roberto de Oliveira. Cragun was also a noted cartoonist, who mounted several exhibitions of his work. Cragun died in Rio de Janeiro on 6 August 2012, at the age of 67.

</doc>
<doc id="36650763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650763" title="Tetrarch (band)">
Tetrarch (band)

Tetrarch is an American thrash metal band from Atlanta, Georgia, that was formed in 2007. They have released three EPs; their newest is entitled "Relentless", which was released on March 19, 2013. Tetrarch is managed by Outerloop Management, who also manage bands such as We Came as Romans and Periphery.
History.
Formation, "Pravda" EP, "The Will to Fight" EP (2007–2012).
Tetrarch was formed in Atlanta, Georgia in 2007 by Josh Fore, Diamond Rowe, and Tyler Wesley. According to guitarist Diamond Rowe, "Tetrarch began their live shows in the local scene, playing first show at the 7 Venue in Douglasville, Georgia. [They spent the rest of 2007 perfecting live performance by playing close to 100 shows, which started a buzz in the Atlanta area. [They released first EP, "Pravda" in the summer of 2008, which was recorded at Ledbelly Studios by Matthew Washburn. To support [their first release, Tetrarch continued to play in Atlanta while expanding reach regionally with mini tours in the south east. In 2009, Tetrarch started working with producer Russ-T Cobb at Bang Studios in Atlanta. The band released the "Disciples of Sorrow" single from those sessions. The single caught the attention of Atlanta's biggest Rock Station, "Project 9-6-1" (96.1FM), where [the band was featured for multiple weeks on the air. Tetrarch hit the studio again in late 2010 with producer Matthew Laplant at Bieler Bros studio in Pompano Beach, FL". On May 5, 2011, while the EP was being finished, they were asked to play the main stage, supporting Avenged Sevenfold, Seether, and Alter Bridge at Verizon Wireless Amphitheater in Atlanta. With this performance, the band saw their fan base continue to grow. As a result, the band released their biggest EP to date, "The Will to Fight", in the summer of 2011. "We Are The Hunters", the first single released from the EP, quickly gained attention from the metal blogs and consumers alike. In the summer of 2011, Tetrarch got their first taste at extensive touring by doing a 40-day east coast tour in support of the EP. According to MetalArchives.com, "The Will to Fight" EP "is a collection of thrash-based songs that come across as very modern. While perhaps less thrashy than some of Tetrarch's previous output, it's clear that the band aren't forgetting their roots." The band finished the year off with a few hometown shows in Atlanta and made preparations for the busy year that was ahead of them. According to OurStage.com, Tetrarch reached two "Top 100 and three Top 40 finishes" with this EP. In the spring of 2012, Tetrarch joined forces with Outerloop Management; and later that year were in Audiohammer Studios in Sanford, FL with Jason Suecof and Eyal Levi working on a follow up to 2011's "The Will to Fight".
"Relentless" EP (2013).
Tetrarch's new EP entitled "Relentless" was released on March 19, 2013. "Relentless" was produced by Eyal Levi and Jason Suecof at Audiohammer Studios in Sanford, Florida. The EP's artwork was done by McBridge Design. According to lead guitarist Diamond Rowe, ""Relentless" is very different from last EP "The Will to Fight", but at the same time you can still tell that it is the same band." The first single was the title track, released on February 24, 2013. On March 3, 2013 the band released "Take Your Best Shot" as their second single; and on March 15, 2013 "Final Words" was released as their third single. A music video for "Final Words" was released exclusively through Revolver Magazine on March 15, 2013. This music video was directed by Jeffrey Moore. Lead guitarist Diamond Rowe was featured in the book "WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE? A Black Woman’s Life and Liberation in Heavy Metal", by Laina Dawes. The book "investigates how black women musicians and fans navigate the metal, hardcore, and punk music genres that are regularly thought of as inclusive spaces and centered on a community spirit, but fail to block out the race and gender issues that exist in the outside world." The band headlined their first shows of 2013 on May 24 at The Masquerade in Atlanta, GA and May 25 at Firewater 110 in Rock Hill, SC. On July 5, 2013 the band announced their first complete tour, headlining the "Here We Stand Tour" (August–September 2013) sponsored by Outerloop Management. The band closed the year out with 3 shows from December 13–15, 2013 spanning from Albany, Georgia at The Oglethorpe Lounge to Port Charlotte, Florida at Voodoo.
New Album (2013–Current).
The band entered Audiohammer Studios in Sanford, Florida with Eyal Levi to record their newest album on December 16, 2013; which followed a 3 day headliner (December 13–15, 2013) spanning from Albany, Georgia to Port Charlotte, Florida. The Port Charlotte, Florida date was moved to The Goathouse in Odessa, Florida with Illuminate Me. To open 2014, Tetrarch are scheduled to provide support to Straight Line Stitch, Goodbye October, and Viscera on January 17, 2014 at The Lantern (relocated from DJ's Tavern) in Rome, Georgia; and are also scheduled to headline the "Hometown Throwdown" on January 18, 2014 at The Masquerade in Atlanta, Georgia with support from Prime Mover, As Animals Eat My Insides, and Living With Strangers. The band's first confirmed tour of 2014 was an east coast headliner, "The Please Don't Snow" Tour (January 23–30, 2014) that reached from South Carolina to Pennsylvania. On February 6, 2014, the band announced their headliner "The Take Your West Shot Tour" (February 21 - March 1, 2014) that reaches from Albany, Georgia to Terrell, Texas. Tetrarch has tentative/unannounced tours scheduled in the United States and Canada for the remainder of 2014.
Musical style and influences.
The band's sound is often described as heavy thrash, similar roots to those of Metallica with the melodies of Iron Maiden. According to a 2011 Sound Scene Press interview with lead guitarist Diamond Rowe, "bands like Metallica, Megadeth, Pantera, and Lamb of God are pretty big influences. We love bands that know how to entertain."

</doc>
<doc id="36650767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650767" title="Claus Schromm">
Claus Schromm

Claus Schromm (born April 21, 1969) is a German football coach who is now Director of Sport of SpVgg Unterhaching.

</doc>
<doc id="36650780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650780" title="Hui Lau Shan">
Hui Lau Shan

Hui Lau Shan () is a chain of dessert shops based in Hong Kong, specializing in dessert soups called tong sui, snacks and desserts. Hui Lau Shan is known for its prominent use of mango in its entrees.
The chain's first shop opened in Yuen Long, New Territories in the 1960s as an herbal outlet, and was known for its turtle jelly (龜苓膏) and herbal teas (涼茶). The chain has since diversified and now emphasizes its fruit desserts and snacks.
Since the 1990s, the chain has expanded tremendously, with outlets in mainland China, Malaysia, and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36650783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650783" title="2001 Central American Games">
2001 Central American Games

The VII Central American Games ("Spanish: VII Juegos Deportivos Centroamericanos") was a multi-sport event that took place between 22 November and 3 December 2001. 
The games were opened by Harris Whitbeck as a
delegate for Guatemalan president Alfonso Portillo. Torch lighter was
Taekwondo fighter Euda Carías.
Participation.
A total of 2,182 athletes from 7 countries were reported to participate: 
Sports.
The competition featured 363 events (215 men, 135 women, 13 mixed) in 37 disciplines from 29 official sports (plus roller speed skating as exhibition event). 
†: Exhibition contest
Medal table.
The table below is taken from Costa Rican newspaper La Nación, Nicaraguan medals are from El Nuevo Diario, Managua, Nicaragua.

</doc>
<doc id="36650798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650798" title="Thomas Hussey (died 1558)">
Thomas Hussey (died 1558)

Thomas Hussey (by 1509-1558), of Halton Holegate and Caythorpe, Lincolnshire, was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Great Grimsby in 1545; Grantham in March 1553 and April 1554; and Lincolnshire in October 1553.

</doc>
<doc id="36650819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650819" title="Seyang">
Seyang

Seyang (, also Romanized as Sey Ang) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 65, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650823" title="Richard Kuhlenschmidt Gallery">
Richard Kuhlenschmidt Gallery

The Richard Kuhlenschmidt Gallery was a contemporary art gallery originally located in Los Angeles, California, USA. It played an important part in setting the stage for Los Angeles' emergence as an international art center in the 1980s. It opened in 1980 and eventually closed in 1993.
History.
Richard Kuhlenschmidt opened his first gallery with partner, Tom Jancar in 1980. The Jancar/Kuhlenschmidt Gallery was located in the basement of the historic Los Altos Apartments on Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles. The gallery measured 8’ x 14’. The gallery was responsible for showing Los Angeles artists David Askevold, William Leavitt, and Christopher Williams (artist) as well as NY artists Louise Lawler and Richard Prince who are part of the Pictures Generation artists. 
Kuhlenschmidt began to focus even more on the Pictures Generation artists after Jancar left the gallery in 1982, exhibiting work by Sherrie Levine, James Welling, Matt Mullican, Allan McCollum and James Casebere in addition to Douglas Huebler, one of the pioneers of conceptual art, and emerging L.A. artists Jim Isermann, Tim Ebner and Mitchell Syrop. 
Known for showing "art that was very difficult to sell", Kuhlenschmidt's gallery was described at the time as "the only gallery in Los Angeles devoted to showing artists who are principally influenced by intellectual and conceptual concerns."
In 1985, Kuhlenschmidt sponsored a benefit exhibition for AIDS Project Los Angeles (APLA) in tribute to friend and colleague Joe Bishop, a prominent writer and critic, whose death from AIDS had recently rocked the art world. The “Joe Bishop AIDS Benefit” exhibition included work by John Baldessari, Ross Bleckner, Robert Longo, David Salle, Cindy Sherman and Eric Fischl.
Kuhlenschmidt moved his gallery to Santa Monica in 1988 as that city became a magnet for the burgeoning local art scene.
In 1990, the gallery featured a major overview of works by the Viennese architectural firm, Coop Himmelb(l)au, which included a symposium “Welcome to the Millenium: Architecture Strikes Back” that included Wolf Prix of Coop Himmelblau, as well as notable Los Angeles architects Thom Mayne, Michael Rotondi and Eric Moss. The symposium was moderated by architect Christian Hubert and included architectural critics Aaron Betsky and Leon Whiteson.
When the recession hit in 1991, Kuhlenschmidt reduced the size of his gallery from 4,000 square feet to 1,700. The gallery closed its doors in 1993. 
The gallery’s archives are currently stored in the Smithsonian Archives of American Art.
Artists.
Significant artists previously represented by the Richard Kuhlenschmidt Gallery include:

</doc>
<doc id="36650827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650827" title="Lura Building">
Lura Building

The Lura Building on W. Main St. in Mayville, North Dakota was built in 1900. It has also been known as Peterson Furniture Store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36650828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650828" title="Ross Murray">
Ross Murray

Ross Murray (born 10 August 1990) is an English middle distance runner. He competed in the 1500 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics. In July 2012, Ross ran the mile at the London Grand Prix, placing second with a time of 3:52.77. In the preliminaries of the 1500 at the Olympics, Ross ran a 3:36.74 to finish fourth in his heat and qualify for the semi-finals. Ross did not qualify for the event finals as he finished tenth in his semi-final with a time of 3:44.92. Ross has a personal best time of 3:34.76 for 1500 metres (2012), which is almost 10 seconds faster than his season's best of 3:43.93 from 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36650837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650837" title="Edward Warner">
Edward Warner

Edward Warner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36650843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650843" title="SS Prince George">
SS Prince George

The Grand Trunk Steamship Prince George, and her sister ship the , served the coast of British Columbia and Alaska. Originally these vessels served regular runs from Seattle to Victoria, Vancouver, Prince Rupert and Stewart, Alaska. Seattle and Victoria were dropped from the route after a few years and Skagway, Alaska, was added. The "Prince George" served briefly as a Royal Canadian Navy hospital ship in 1914. From 1925, ownership of both "Prince"s was transferred along with the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway system to the Government of Canada to be operated as part of the Canadian National Railway.
In 1910 Prince Rupert was beginning to develop into a city. Both the "Prince" ships were built in 1909. The "Prince George" was completed three months later. By 1910 both ships began service on the coast of British Columbia.
In 1945 the "Prince George" was lost after it caught fire and destroyed in Ketchikan, Alaska. Her sister ship survived and stayed in service till her retirement in 1956. After the loss of the "Prince George", CN put a contract for a second (new) "Prince George". This ship was launched October 6, 1947, and placed in service on the Alaska route in June 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="36650856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650856" title="Takashi Yamaguchi">
Takashi Yamaguchi

Biography.
In 1988 Yamaguchi was a founding member of ARX, an international research group for theory and practice of architecture which has offices in New York, Geneva, Berlin, and Lisbon. The group includes staff from the offices of Peter Eisenman and Daniel Libeskind, as well as theorists from Columbia University. He founded Takashi Yamaguchi & Associates in 1996, and served as a visiting scholar at Harvard University in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36650857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650857" title="Ragini IPS">
Ragini IPS

Ragini IPS () is a 2014 Indian Kannada action film directed by Anand P. Raju and produced by K. Manju under banner K. Manju Cinemaas. It stars Ragini Dwivedi in the lead role and was the first Kannada film to be named after an actress.
Production.
Filming.
The filming of "Ragini IPS" began on May 24, 2012 on Ragini Dwivedi's 22nd birthday. The stunts for the film were directed by Mass Madha. Director Anand P. Raju approached actress Rishika Singh for an important role in the film but later opted for Bollywood actress Kavita Radheshyam. Having been trained in Taekwondo, all the stunts in the film were performed by Dwivedi herself without using a body double.
Soundtrack.
The music of the film was composed by Emil Mohammad. The soundtrack album of the film was released on March 8, 2014. The raunchy song "Menasina Kaaee" went viral on social media and Bollywood actress Kavita Radheshyam who debuts with this film in Kannada was compared with late south Indian actress and sex symbol Silk Smitha by press and media.
Reception.
Kavya Christopher of the "The Times of India" gave the album a rating of one out of five and said, "The number of songs for Ragini IPS has been restricted to two, and it is undoubtedly one of the wisest decisions taken by whosoever has done that." and concluded writing, "Musically, this film assures just mediocrity."
Release.
The film was set for release on Ragini Dwivedi's 23rd birthday on May 24, 2013 but was postponed to August due to various reasons. It was then postponed for a December 27 release. The release again got delayed after sources said the producer of the film was requested by the producer and director of "Chatrapathi" to postpone its theatrical release due to both films slated to release on December 27. After delaying the release for almost a year, the film was finally released on March 28, 2014.
Critical reception.
"Ragini IPS" received mixed response from critics upon its theatrical release. G. S. Kumar of "The Times of India" gave the film a rating of three out of five and wrote, "...Ragini IPS is purely a commercial flick. The formula is not novel, with action queen Malashri having portrayed similar roles earlier. Ragini's hig-octane stunts may be a draw, but the cop thriller scores low on dialogues." "Indiaglitz" gave the film a 7.5/10 rating and wrote, "...'Ragini IPS' a solid action film from one of the ravishing beauty on Kannada screen Ragini." and concluded writing that the commercial entertainer was worth watching. "Sify.com" gave the film a rating of 3/5 and wrote, "Ragini IPS finally sees a theatrical release and when watched for something out of the box, the audience find nothing but another usual woman oriented action movie. Though the script does not appeal as expected, it is quite successful in entertaining the mass audience and also tells people what is right and wrong in a realistic manner."

</doc>
<doc id="36650884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650884" title="Herman van Ham">
Herman van Ham

Herman van Ham (16 April 1931 - 2 August 2012) was a Dutch head chef. He worked in the Michelin starred "Hostellerie De Hamert", in Wellerlooi, the Netherlands, when it earned his stars in the period 1963-1989.
In 1952, Van Ham started working at "De Hamert" as an assistant. Soon after that he took over as head chef and stayed till his retirement in 1988. 
Herman van Ham specialized in asparagus to such an extent that he had several nicknames related to this. He was named as "De Ongekroonde Koning van de Asperge" (Eng.:The uncrowned king of Asparagus), "Asperge Paus" (Eng.:Asparagus Pope) and "Mister Asperge" (Eng.: Mister Aspargus).
One of his famous asparagus dishes was the "Cocktail Prins Alexander", a combination of chicken, asparagus and oranges, created in 1967 in celebration of the birth of Willem-Alexander, Prince of Orange.
After his retirement, Van Ham started collecting asparagus dishes. His collection went on display in "Keramiekcentrum Tiendschuur Tegelen" in 2012 under the name "Het keramische bedje voor de asperge." (Eng.: The ceramic bed for the asparagus.) Earlier, in 2008, his collection was on display in "Aspergemuseum De Locht"
Herman van Ham died on 2 August 2012, after an illness.

</doc>
<doc id="36650919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650919" title="1970 1000km of Monza">
1970 1000km of Monza

The 1970 1000 km of Monza was an endurance race held at the Autodromo Nazionale Monza, Monza, Italy on April 25, 1970. It was the fourth round of the 1970 International Championship for Makes. This was the first official 1000 km race at Monza that used only the road course; in 1956 and 1965-1969 the organizers utilized the combined road and banking courses; but the banking was abandoned because of safety issues; the 1969 1000 km race was the last race ever held on the concrete-surfaced banking. Mexican driver Pedro Rodríguez won this race in John Wyer's Gulf-sponsored Porsche 917K, he was able to hold off 3 hard-charging works Ferrari 512's after his co-driver Leo Kinnunen lost most of the lead Rodríguez had built up. Ex-Ferrari driver John Surtees returned to Ferrari after 4 years to drive a works 512.

</doc>
<doc id="36650937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650937" title="Agbang Conventual Priory">
Agbang Conventual Priory

Incarnation Conventual Priory, Agbang, Kara, Togo, is a Benedictine monastery of the Congregation of the Missionary Benedictines of Saint Ottilien. Established in 1985 by Frère Boniface Tiguila, the monastery is currently home to 28 monks. Conventual Prior Fr Bernard Anaté is the community's superior.
History.
Indigenous Origins.
The monastic community of Agbang began with the initiative of Frère Boniface Tiguila, who had joined the Benedictine monastery at Dzogbegan, Togo, in 1979. Frère Boniface's experience at Dzogbegan convinced him that Benedictine monasteries in Africa must allow for Africanization. He envisaged a monastic community that was inspired by the African concepts of village and family. The community's monks would share a lifestyle that imitated the simplicity of ordinary rural people, while participating in the mission apostolate. With the support of the bishop of Sokodé, Frère Boniface left Dzogbegan in 1985 and began to recruit candidates for his ideal monastic community. 
Ten young men interested in Benedictine life soon gathered around Frère Boniface. A village leader offered them 23ha of bushland in Agbang, a village 20 km from the district town of Kara. The nascent community began clearing the land, and built two simple houses, a small chapel, and a well. The community lived a simple monastic life, subsisting on their own efforts and offering hospitality to anyone who passed by. 
During a visit to Germany in 1987, Frère Boniface spoke with Archabbot Notker Wolf about his goal of bringing the Benedictine life to Togo. Frère Boniface expressed his desire to affiliate his monastery with a Benedictine Congregation that was committed to the mission apostolate. Archabbot Notker was intrigued, and in May 1988 traveled with Abbot Fidelis Ruppert to Togo to inspect Frère Boniface's project in African monasticism. At Agbang, Archabbot Notker observed a young community leading a balanced life of work and prayer, in close contact with local villagers. The monks were engaged in primary evangelization of local non-Christians, while also catechizing the local Christian community. The monks of Agbang had integrated African customs and rituals into their methods of initiating candidates, welcoming guests, and celebrating feasts.
Archabbot Notker and Abbot Fidelis were convinced that Agbang should be adopted into the Congregation of Missionary Benedictines of Saint Ottilien. At the Congregation's 1988 Council, a formal decision was made committing the Missionary Benedictines to the task of accompanying the monastery of Agbang during its quest of establishing a genuinely African Benedictine community. Monks of the Congregation would be sent to Agbang to assist for short intervals.
In 1989, Frère Boniface took his temporary vows at St Ottilien. That same year, three novices made a commitment to monastic life in the form of a public promise at a ceremony in Agbang in the presence of Archabbot Notker. On November 9, 1991, the new foundation at Agbang was canonically erected. This same day, Frère Boniface professed his solemn vows.
Later History.
In 1992, the Monastery of the Incarnation was raised to the status of a simple priory. Frère Boniface, by then ordained to the priesthood, became the community's first prior.
In 2004, the monastery was raised to the status of a conventual priory.
Personnel.
As of May 18, 2011, 18 solemnly professed monks (4 of them priests) resided at Agbang. At this time, the community also included nine temporally professed monks and one novice.
Conventual Prior Fr Bernard Anaté is the current superior of the monastic community. Upon his election in 2010, he became the second conventual prior of Ndanda. Prior Bernard is assisted in his duties by Bro Jean de la Croix Banafai (subprior).

</doc>
<doc id="36650949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650949" title="Darrell Knoch">
Darrell Knoch

Darrell Knoch (born 20 September 1954) is an investor, author, coach, entrepreneur, financier and "real estate authority" in the last 10 years Knoch has purchased over 600 properties. Knoch also has negotiated over $60 Million worth of loans with several banks and in the 35 years of him being in business has grossed over $3,000,000,000
Early life.
Knoch was born into extreme poverty, the youngest of seven children. He grew up in the projects of Chicago. His father left for years at a time, which was a relief in some ways, since he was verbally and physically abusive to his wife and the children whenever he was home. Knoch also had an accident when he was one year old that left him with a disfigured face and made him the object of ridicule among his classmates. It wasn’t until he was almost eighteen that he was able to have reconstructive surgery.
Personal life.
While business was booming, personal tragedy struck, and Knoch lost 4 loved ones in a very short span of time. Realizing that he spent too much time working, and too little with people he loved, he moved to Scottsdale, Arizona and semi-retired. After a prolonged period of bike riding, hiking, and travel in an RV, he began to feel the urge to accomplish something new. He thought about the times in his business and personal lives when he was touched by someone’s story and was moved to become friend and mentor, helping to instill the healthy self-esteem and unshakeable confidence needed for success. While personally rewarding, his reach had been too limited, and Knoch realized it was time to do something he often thought about—write a book.
The result was a book called Mastering a Healthy Self Image: the Guidebook to Real Happiness and Enormous Success.
Businesses.
RX Data Design, Inc.
Knoch achieved International distribution of video imaging software, targeted to the medical and dental fields.
Miracle Heat, Inc.
President at Miracle Heat. Knoch started The Company at 24 years of age. The Company manufactured wood stove accessories, satellite antennas and patio furniture. The company had approximately 100 employees. In this time Knoch earned two patents and traveled extensively throughout the United States for various trade shows and to meet with current and prospective customers. Actively involved in the design, development and bringing to the market of all products. The Company grossed approximately $4.5 million in sales with an average of 15 to 17 percent net profits. The products were sold nationally in major retailers like Home Depot, Lowes and Wal-Mart.
D & B Properties, LLC.
President at D&B Properties, responsible for managing the purchase, financing and leasing of approximately $10 million worth of real estate per year in and around the Chattanooga area. The company bought 25 to 30 $130,000 single family homes and several commercial properties each year.
True Wealth University.
True Wealth University is an education-based company created with the purpose of enhancing the Mind, Body, & Wallet.
Kwk-kash Funding.
Kwk-kash Funding is a private lender that provides transactional financing for short sales and other real-estate double closing transactions. At its peak Kwk-Kash funding was lending $10 Million a month.
877 kwk Kash.
877-KWK-KASH is a company that was created with the purpose of selling franchise territories to individuals with a desire to establish their own “we buy houses” business model.
Lucky 7 Seminars.
Lucky 7 Seminars provides real estate investing seminars along with customer support.

</doc>
<doc id="36650953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650953" title="Mitcham War">
Mitcham War

The Mitcham War was a bloody conflict that occurred in Clarke County, Alabama in the early 1890s. 
The conflict was between rural farmers in remote section of Clarke County named Mitcham Beat and merchants class in Coffeeville and other towns near the Mitcham Beat. Some accounts characterize the conflict as resulting from the 1892 elections that left rural whites disenfranchised and angry and resulting in racial violence. 
Around 1890, a group of rural young men formed a secret society called "Hell-at-the-Breech" that believed their local economy was being controlled by a small group. On December 25, 1892, the gang entered Coffeeville and murdered a prominent businessman.
Soon a vigilante mob of 500 formed to seek the Hell-at-the-Breech murderers, and eventually killed 5 men.
Different sources have the violence continuing until fall of 1893 after the Hell-at-the-breech disbanded or when the mob of Clarke County men publicly shot a prominent member of the Hell-at-the-Breech gang.

</doc>
<doc id="36650958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650958" title="Combining dimensions">
Combining dimensions

In topology, a mathematical discipline, combining dimensions into a manifold consists of taking "n" dimensions and visualizing them in a smaller "m" dimension. Similar concepts apply when studying spacetime and Calabi–Yau manifolds. For example, in string theory, six dimensions are combined into a two dimensional manifold for simple visualization.

</doc>
<doc id="36650967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650967" title="1991–92 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1991–92 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1991–92 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 16 teams. The national champions were Caracas.

</doc>
<doc id="36650971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650971" title="MTV Classic Poland">
MTV Classic Poland

MTV Classic is a brand for various programs & channels of MTV.
MTV Classic brand in Poland closed in 2005 and replaced with a Polish version of VH1 because the MTV Classic brand had low brand awareness and possible language difficulties, for the first time worldwide, the name MTV was used for the channel—which broadcast past music videos and documentaries about music stars. It also aired old MTV shows such as Beavis and Butt-head.
On May 1, 2010 MTV Classic will launch in Australia. It will replace VH1 Australia. Already the VH1 Classic UK has been replaced with MTV Classic, this coincided with the rebranding of all the MTV Europe channels.

</doc>
<doc id="36650982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650982" title="Solhabad, Semnan">
Solhabad, Semnan

Solhabad (, also Romanized as Şolḩābād and Sāleh Ābād; also known as Şolḩābādū and Sūlhābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36650990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36650990" title="Patricio Rey Sommer">
Patricio Rey Sommer

Patricio Alberto Rey Sommer, (b. 27 March 1978) is a Chilean civil industrial engineer, and former Intendant of O'Higgins Region.
Biography.
He began his studies at Instituto San Fernando, in San Fernando. Between 1994-95, he studied at Chillicothe High School in Ohio, United States of America.
He graduated as a Civil Industrial Engineer with a Degree in Engineering of Informatics at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile, and in 2003 he obtained a Master in Sciences of Engineering at the same university.
Political career.
He worked in Serplac of O'Higgins Region, and was SEREMI of Planning, in the same region. On 19 April 2011, he took over Rodrigo Pérez Mackenna's position as intendant of O'Higgins Region.

</doc>
<doc id="36651003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651003" title="Salmabad, Semnan">
Salmabad, Semnan

Salmabad (, also Romanized as Salmābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651010" title="Sharifabad, Damghan">
Sharifabad, Damghan

Sharifabad (, also Romanized as Sharīfābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651013" title="MTV Classic">
MTV Classic

MTV Classic may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651024" title="Sharifiyeh, Semnan">
Sharifiyeh, Semnan

Sharifiyeh (, also Romanized as Sharīfīyeh) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651039" title="Sharifiyeh">
Sharifiyeh

Sharifiyeh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651041" title="Showkatabad, Semnan">
Showkatabad, Semnan

Showkatabad (, also Romanized as Showkatābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651046" title="Susan Var">
Susan Var

Susan Var (, also Romanized as Sūsan Vār) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651052" title="Zeylabad">
Zeylabad

Zeylabad (, also Romanized as Z̄eylābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651056" title="Ahmadabad, Damghan">
Ahmadabad, Damghan

Ahmadabad (, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651074" title="Allahabad, Semnan">
Allahabad, Semnan

Allahabad (, also Romanized as Allāhābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651076" title="The Conquest of You">
The Conquest of You

The Conquest of You is the twelfth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts. It was released in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36651088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651088" title="Label Rouge">
Label Rouge

Label Rouge ("Red Label") is a sign of quality assurance in France as defined by Law No. 2006-11 (5 January 2006).
Products eligible for the Label Rouge are food items (including seafood) and non-food and unprocessed agricultural products such as flowers. According to the French Ministry of Agriculture: "The Red Label certifies that a product has a specific set of characteristics establishing a superior level to that of a similar current product".

</doc>
<doc id="36651094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651094" title="Abdollahabad, Amirabad">
Abdollahabad, Amirabad

Abdollahabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād; also known as ‘Abdolābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 252, in 78 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651107" title="1992–93 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1992–93 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1992–93 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 16 teams. The national champions were Marítimo.

</doc>
<doc id="36651111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651111" title="Abdollahabad, Damghan">
Abdollahabad, Damghan

Abdollahabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abdollāhābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651129" title="Miso TV">
Miso TV

Miso 
is a San Francisco based social television company that uses a second screen app to enhance the TV viewing experience.
In March 2010, Miso debuted the concept of the TV check-in at Austin's SXSW Interactive Festival, positioning itself as the Foursquare of television.
The company has since moved beyond check-ins by adding new features that allow increased user engagement around their television shows.
History.
Miso launched the first version of its app for the iPhone on March 29, 2010. In June 2010, the app launched for the iPad, and the following month Version 2.0 of Miso was released, which also added the first app for Android users.
Miso first received seed funding in May 2010 from individual investors and Google Ventures. Later that year, Google Ventures and Hearst Corporation led the Series A funding for a total of $1.5M.
Early 2011 marked the release of the Miso API and a developer contest, which resulted in the platform being integrated and developed into devices such as the Windows 7 Phone, Blackberry Playbook, and others.
In September 2011, Miso launched a new feature for DirecTV users that allowed viewers to receive extra content as they watched, synchronized to their progress through the show. The technology connected the iOS device to the set-top box. The first supported show was Showtime's Dexter. Shortly after, the feature was extended to AT&T Uverse subscribers.
In December 2011, Miso announced a Series B investing round of $4 million led by Khosla Ventures, along with previous investors Google Ventures and Hearst Interactive Media.
App Features.
Users check-in to television shows or movies to earn points and badges. Users can then comment on episodes of shows and ‘like’ posts by other users. Also, users can rate shows to let others know how much they liked or disliked a particular episode as well as mark which shows are their favorite. Most recently, Miso launched "Sideshows," allowing fans and networks alike to create supplementary second-screen content around any show.
Partnerships.
Since 2010 Miso has partnered with various television networks covering dramas, comedies, sport events, and reality shows. The partnerships have given television networks a new way for their customers to engage with their favorite television shows. Miso partners have included: Oprah Winfrey Network (U.S. TV channel), WE tv, Starz, LLC, Logo (TV Channel), Fox Broadcasting Company, Showtime (TV channel), Network TEN, Sundance Channel (United States), Halogen TV, Food Network, USA Network, DirecTV, Comedy Central, The Weather Channel, Science (TV channel), TNT (TV channel), and HBO.
In addition to partnerships, Miso worked with Hyundai in 2012 to run promotional events for award shows such as the 54th Grammy Awards, 84th Academy Awards, and Super Bowl XLVI.

</doc>
<doc id="36651146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651146" title="Boremschyna">
Boremschyna

Boremschyna () is a village in the Liuboml Raion (district) of the Volyn Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. As of 2012, the population was 62. It was the birthplace of Danylo Shumuk (December 30, 1914), a member of the Ukrainian resistance during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="36651150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651150" title="Shahpur Dam">
Shahpur Dam

Shahpur Dam is located in Attock District on Nandana River in Punjab, Pakistan. The dam is high and has a storage capacity of .
Location.
The dam site is located in Kala Chitta Range in Attock Distrcit, at around away from Islamabad and North of Fateh Jang. The dam was commissioned by Small Dams Organization, Government of Punjab in 1982 and was completed in 1986 at a cost of PKR 36.5 million.
See also.
List of dams and reservoirs in Pakistan

</doc>
<doc id="36651152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651152" title="Abdolabad, Semnan">
Abdolabad, Semnan

Abdolabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abdolābād and ‘Abdūlābād) is a village in Damankuh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651158" title="Prosser Creek Dam">
Prosser Creek Dam

Prosser Creek Dam (National ID # CA10179) is a dam in Nevada County, California.
The earthen and rockfill dam was constructed from 1959 to 1962 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation with a height of feet and a crest length of . It impounds Prosser Creek (a tributary of the Truckee River) for irrigation storage and winter and spring flood control, part of the Bureau's larger Washoe Project in the Tahoe region. The dam is owned and operated by the Bureau.
The reservoir it creates, Prosser Creek Reservoir, has a water surface of about , a shoreline of approximately , and has a capacity of . Recreation includes fishing (for rainbow and brown trout), boating, camping, hunting, and hiking.

</doc>
<doc id="36651159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651159" title="Bakhshabad, Semnan">
Bakhshabad, Semnan

Bakhshabad (, also Romanized as Bakhshābād and Bekahashābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 84, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651173" title="Surat Metro">
Surat Metro

The Surat Metro is a rapid transit system proposed for the city of Surat in the Indian state of Gujarat. If completed on schedule, the four-line, metro will enter operation in 2018.
Development.
In August 2012, the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) proposed four rail routes for the metro project. The first of these would be the route from Dumas Resorts to Sarthana Octroi Naka, followed by a line from Sayan to Surat, a line following Surat's outer ring road, and a route along the banks of the River Tapi from Kamrej to Ambika Niketan. The Gujarat state government approved the project later that same month.

</doc>
<doc id="36651174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651174" title="White-legged duiker">
White-legged duiker

The white-legged duiker ("Cephalophus crusalbum") is a medium-sized antelope species from the subfamily of duikers ("Cephalophinae") within the family of bovids (Bovidae). It was described as subspecies of the Ogilby's duiker ("Cephalophus ogilbyi") by Peter Grubb in 1978. After a revision of the ungulates in 2011 by Colin Groves, it is now regarded as distinct species.
Description.
The head-body length is usually , but two collected specimens had lengths of 145 cm. The tail length is between 13 and 16 cm and the weight is about . The coat is golden brown. The hindquarters and the rump are darker than the flanks. The neck, the forequarters and the belly are grey. A black broad dorsal stripe is 2.5 to 6.0 cm in width. It runs from the shoulders to the rump, where it narrowed to 1 cm and extended to the tail tip. Aside from the black middle stripe, the upperside of the tail is golden brown. The underside of the tail has distinctly longer white hairs, and the end of the tail consists of a small tuft of about 7.5-cm-long golden brown hairs. All four legs are relatively long, with distinct white hairs below the carpus and the tarsus. The throat and the lower jaw are white. The head is grey with a darker brown forehead and a black muzzle. A bright chestnut-coloured arch runs over both eyes. The coronal tufts between the eyes are dark chestnut-coloured. The ears have sparse black hairs on the outer sides. On the surface of the innerside of the ears are distinct white hairs. Both sexes have horns; lengths of 8.7 to 10.9 cm were measured for the males, and about 5 cm for the females. The dental formula is I 0/3-C 0/1-P 3/3-M 3/3 (× 2) = 32 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="36651177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651177" title="Dowlatabad, Damghan">
Dowlatabad, Damghan

Dowlatabad (, also Romanized as Dowlatābād; also known as Daulatābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651194" title="Firuzabad, Amirabad">
Firuzabad, Amirabad

Firuzabad (, also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651196" title="First State Bank of Buxton">
First State Bank of Buxton

The First State Bank of Buxton is a bank in Buxton, North Dakota. Its former building at 423 Broadway St. in Buxton, built in 1884, is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The historic building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
The former bank building is a one-story flat-roofed building with thick granite walls. Its significance is asserted to be for its architecture and for its association with Oliver S. Hanson, who established the bank.

</doc>
<doc id="36651201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651201" title="Hajjiabad-e Razveh">
Hajjiabad-e Razveh

Hajjiabad-e Razveh (, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Raẕveh) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651203" title="Alceste (Schweitzer)">
Alceste (Schweitzer)

Alceste is an opera in German in five acts by Anton Schweitzer with a libretto by Christoph Martin Wieland. It was commissioned by Abel Seyler for the Seyler theatrical company, and premiered on 28 May 1773 at the Hoftheater Weimar. Seyler was a strong proponent of German opera. Schweitzer worked as a musical director for the Seyler theatrical company since 1769.

</doc>
<doc id="36651211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651211" title="Firuzabad, Damghan">
Firuzabad, Damghan

Firuzabad (, also Romanized as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 332, in 96 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651217" title="Unbreakable (horse)">
Unbreakable (horse)

Unbreakable (1935–1952) was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He was successful on the racecourse, but some way below the best of his generation. His best wins came in the Richmond Stakes at Goodwood as a two-year-old and in the Victoria Cup Handicap two years later. After his retirement from racing he became a highly successful breeding stallion: through his grandson Native Dancer he appears in the pedigrees of most modern Thoroughbreds.
Background.
Unbreakable was a black horse bred in the United States by his owner, Joseph E. Widener. He was sent to race in England, where he was trained by Cecil Boyd-Rochfort. The colt was sired by the British-bred stallion Sickle out of the French mare Blue Glass, making him a half-brother to the Belmont Stakes winner Hurryoff.
Racing career.
As a two-year-old, Unbreakable won three races including the Richmond Stakes at Goodwood in July. In the following year he competed at the highest level, finishing fifth to Pasch in the 2000 Guineas and eighth behind Bois Roussel in the Epsom Derby.
Stud record.
Unbreakable sired the Preakness Stakes winner Polynesian who in turn sired Native Dancer. One of the most highly rated American horses of the 20th century, Native Dancer was the grandsire of Mr. Prospector and the damsire of Northern Dancer.

</doc>
<doc id="36651219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651219" title="Dauntless Guardian">
Dauntless Guardian

The Dauntless Guardian is a public art work by American artist Jeune Nowak Wussow, located on the northwest side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The bronze figurative sculpture depicts a child being rescued by a firefighter. It is located at 4141 West Mill Road at Milwaukee Fire Department Engine Company #9.
Description.
The firefighter is depicted wearing a uniform and helmet. He reaches up with both arms to lift a small child from a windowsill. The child grasps the windowsill with one hand and reaches toward the fireman with the other.
Historical information.
Wussow was awarded the commission for "Dauntless Guardian" after competing unsuccessfully for a previous City of Milwaukee Percent for Art commission opportunity. According to the "Milwaukee Journal", Alderman James Kondziella kept Wussow's maquette on his desk at City Hall following the first competition and recommended her when his district was building a new fire station. 
Wussow was inspired to create "Dauntless Guardian" after talking with firefighters about their jobs as she "went from one station house to another."
The sculpture was dedicated on October 8, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="36651221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651221" title="Hajjaji">
Hajjaji

Hajjaji (, also Romanized as Ḩajjājī) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 96, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651228" title="Aliabad-e Motalleb Khan">
Aliabad-e Motalleb Khan

Aliabad-e Motalleb Khan (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Moţalleb Khān and ‘Alīābād-e Moţleb Khān; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 27 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651235" title="Kirill Rodin">
Kirill Rodin

Kirill (sometimes Kyril or Kyrill) Rodin is a Russian cellist and professor of cello. Rodin performs as a soloist in the Moscow State Philharmonic and is the cellist of the Tchaikovsky String Quartet (commonly referred to as the Tchaikovsky Quartet or Tchaikovsky Quartette.) He has also performed as a member of the Brahms Trio with the pianist Natalia Rubinstein and violinist Nikolai Sachenko.
Rodin was born in Moscow in 1963. He began his cello studies at the age of seven in the class of Vera Birina the Gnessin Special Music School in Moscow. He continued his studies with Natalia Shakhovskaya at the Moscow Conservatory. He won the International Jeunesses Musicales Competition in Belgrade in 1984 and was Gold medal winner at the Eighth (VIII) Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow in 1986.
Rodin tours actively in Russia and abroad.
Rodin is a Professor of Cello at the Moscow Conservatory. He also teaches in China and has led master classes in Argentina, Australia, Germany, Japan, Singapore, South Korea and Spain.
Rodin's former cello students include: Boris Lifanosky, Aleksandr Neustroyev, Svetlana Vladimirova, Artem Konstantinov and Ruslan Biryukov 
Rodin has served as a jury member in many international cello competitions.
Rodin's recordings include music of Bach, Beethoven, Brahms, Haydn, Grieg, Tchaikovsky, Rachmaninov, Shostakovitch, Khrennikov, Myaskovsky and Piazolla. He has also recorded modern Chinese music.

</doc>
<doc id="36651236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651236" title="Aliabad, Sorkheh">
Aliabad, Sorkheh

Aliabad (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Hafdar Rural District, in the Central District of Sorkheh County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651238" title="Abhijit Mukherjee">
Abhijit Mukherjee

Abhijit Mukherjee (born 2 January 1960) is an Indian politician who serves as Member of Parliament (MP) from the Jangipur Lok Sabha constituency in the Indian state of West Bengal. He is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC).
Mukherjee won the 2012 Jangipur Lok Sabha constituency election by 2,536 votes defeating his nearest CPI(M) rival Muzaffar Hussain. The seat was vacated by his father President Pranab Mukherjee after he was elevated to the highest office of the country.
Mukherjee was reelected to Lok Sabha from Jangipur in 2014.
Early years.
Abhijit Mukherjee was born in a Bengali family on 2 January 1960 in Hoogly in West Bengal. He is the son of the current President of India, Pranab Mukherjee and Suvra Mukherjee. His grandfather, Kamada Kinkar Mukherjee, was active in the Indian independence movement and was a member of West Bengal Legislative Council between 1952 and 1964 as a representative of the Indian National Congress. Mukherjee graduated as a mechanical engineer from the Jadavpur University in 1984.
Professional career.
Mukherjee has worked as a corporate executive for firms like the Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited, Maruti Udyog Limited and the Steel Authority of India Limited. He was General Manager in charge of Corporate Social Responsibility in the Steel Authority of India Limited.
Political career.
Mukherjee began his political career with the Indian National Congress. In the 2011 elections, Mukherjee defeated Dipak Chatterjee of AIFB to win the legislative seat of Nalhati.
"Painted–dented" controversy.
In December 2012, Mukherjee faced widespread criticism when, in the aftermath of the 2012 Delhi gang rape case, he called the protestors as women who were "highly dented and painted". In an interview to ABP News, he also said that these women go to discotheques and are disconnected with reality. The remarks caused a huge controversy, almost as large as the original rape issue. His sister Sharmishtha expressed surprise at the remarks, and said that their family were not like this. Abhijit later apologized for his sexist comments

</doc>
<doc id="36651239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651239" title="Great Northern Railway Depot (Mayville, North Dakota)">
Great Northern Railway Depot (Mayville, North Dakota)

The Great Northern Railway Depot on Front St. in Mayville, North Dakota was built in 1897. It has also been known as the Burlington Northern, Incorporated, Depot and as the Goose River Heritage Center. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
A predecessor building was burned in a fire. This building, as a new depot, was built in style "noticeably superior to the type of facility usually provided a community the size of Mayville."

</doc>
<doc id="36651244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651244" title="Amravan">
Amravan

Amravan (, also Romanized as Amravān, ‘Amrevān, and Amrevān) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 141, in 45 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651253" title="Mazra Mobarakabad">
Mazra Mobarakabad

Mazra Mobarakabad (, also Romanized as Mazraʿ Mobārakābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651254" title="Kamil Szmerdt">
Kamil Szmerdt

Kamil Szmerdt (born 16 October 1987 in Tychy, Poland) is a Polish gay rights activist, poet and beauty pageant participant. He represented Poland at Mr Gay Europe 2009, and at Mr Gay World 2010. In the 2010 competition, Szmerdt finished in the top ten of the final contestants. He published his first collection of poetry in 2012, with a second collection released in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36651256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651256" title="Newport Railway">
Newport Railway

Newport Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651259" title="Mazraeh-ye Sharifi">
Mazraeh-ye Sharifi

Mazraeh-ye Sharifi (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sharīfī; also known as Semnānī) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651262" title="Donald E. Edwards">
Donald E. Edwards

Major General Donald E. Edwards (born June 15, 1937) was the Adjutant General of the State of Vermont, serving as the senior uniformed officer in the state and responsible for the organization, training and equipping of nearly 4,000 members of the Vermont Army and Air National Guard. His position as Adjutant General also included appointment as Inspector General and Quartermaster General, and head of the State Military Department, including the Veterans Affairs office.
Early life and start of military career.
Donald Everett Edwards was born in Bellows Falls, Vermont on June 15, 1937. He began his military career as a Second Lieutenant in the United States Army Armor Branch in 1959 after graduation from Norwich University and completion of the Reserve Officer Training Corps program. He later became qualified as a Transportation officer, and served with the regular Army until 1971, including deployment to Vietnam. He served in the Army Reserve from 1971 until his appointment as Adjutant General of the Vermont National Guard in 1981.
Civilian career.
Between leaving active duty in 1971 and being appointed Adjutant General in 1981, Edwards was employed as a dealer in fine arts and antiques and an appraiser of real property, antiques and household effects. He also served as a member of Grafton, Vermont’s School Board and Planning Commission as well as the Windham Regional Planning Commission. From 1975 to 1981 he was a Democratic member of the Vermont House of Representatives.
Education.
Edwards is also a graduate of the Program for Senior Executives in State and Local Government at Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government.
Assignments.
1. June 6, 1959 – October 31, 1971, United States Army, including deployment for the Vietnam War<br>
2. November 1, 1971 – February 28, 1981, United States Army Reserve, including command of the 413th Supply and Service Battalion<br>
3. March 1, 1981 – March 31, 1997, The Adjutant General, Vermont National Guard, Winooski (later Colchester), Vermont
Awards and Decorations.
Legion of Merit
Bronze Star Medal
Meritorious Service Medal
Army Commendation Medal (with Two Oak Leaf Clusters)
Army Reserve Components Achievement Medal (with One Silver Oak Leaf Cluster)
National Defense Service Medal (with One Bronze Service Star)
Vietnam Service Medal
Armed Forces Reserve Medal (with Silver Hourglass)
Army Service Ribbon
Army Reserve Components Overseas Training Ribbon (with Numeral 1)
Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal
Vietnam Armed Forces Honor Medal (First Class)
Vietnam Transportation Badge
Overseas Service Bar (4)
Vermont Outstanding Unit Award
Vermont Service Ribbon (with 3 Bronze Service Stars)
Vermont Duty Ribbon (with 4 Bronze Service Stars)
Vermont State Special Duty Ribbon
Effective Dates of Promotion.
Second Lieutenant, June 6, 1959
First Lieutenant, December 6, 1960
Captain, June 6, 1963
Major, July 14, 1967
Lieutenant Colonel, December 15, 1975
Colonel, December 14, 1980
Brigadier General, March 2, 1982
Major General, May 10, 1983
Military Retirement.
In 1997 Edwards was defeated for reappointment as Adjutant General, losing to Martha Rainville. (In Vermont, the Adjutant General is elected for a two year term by a secret ballot of the Vermont General Assembly.) Rainville became the first woman to ever be appointed as a state Adjutant General. Edwards retired from the military upon Rainville assuming the Adjutant General's duties.
Later career.
After his military retirement General Edwards served on the staff of Bernie Sanders for two years. Later he was an on air commentator for Fox News and the Executive Vice President of an Information Technology company.
Retirement.
In retirement Edwards continued to comment on public affairs in magazine articles and other media. He was a member of the National Veterans Steering Committee during John F. Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign. Edwards currently resides in South Bristol, Maine and Ashburn, Virginia.
Other Achievements.
Edwards served as President of the Adjutants General Association of the United States and was a Vice President of the National Guard Association of the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36651268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651268" title="1956 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1956 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1956 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 5 teams. The national champions were Banco Obrero.

</doc>
<doc id="36651269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651269" title="Isaac Ducart">
Isaac Ducart

Isaac Ducart (1630, Amsterdam – 1694, Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter active in England.
Biography.
According to Houbraken he was a colleague and the same age as the flower painter Abraham Mignon - he painted flowers on satin in his studio in Amsterdam. He was assisted by his wife, a painter whom he had married while living in England.
She was near-sighted and a poor housekeeper and their household included a dog that pooped on the floor, which did not go unnoticed by their patrons.
Husband and wife both worked at their easels smoking a pipe. Their material of choice was satin rather than canvas, which may be the reason that no works have survived.
Though they painted generally on satin, this had an extraordinary effect. Ducart died in 1727, aged 67.

</doc>
<doc id="36651271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651271" title="Stephen McKenna (novelist)">
Stephen McKenna (novelist)

Stephen McKenna (February 27, 1888 – September 26, 1967) was an English novelist who wrote forty-seven novels, mostly focusing on English upper-class society, and six non-fiction titles. He published his first novel, "The Reluctant Lover", in 1912. His best-known novel, "Sonia: Between Two Worlds", was published in 1917. It was the tenth best-selling novel for 1918 in the United States, and also made into a British film of the same name in 1921.
McKenna's "The Oldest God" (1926) is a philosophical fantasy novel featuring the 
god Pan.
He wrote "Tex. A chapter in the life of Alexander Teixeira de Mattos", a biography about Alexander Teixeira de Mattos, the Dutch journalist who translated books from many languages into English, a.o. Louis Couperus, whom McKenna befriended in 1921.
His uncle was Reginald McKenna, Chancellor of the Exchequer under H. H. Asquith, of whom he published a biography in 1948, "Reginald McKenna, 1863-1943: A Memoir".

</doc>
<doc id="36651272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651272" title="Qasemabad-e Muqufeh">
Qasemabad-e Muqufeh

Qasemabad-e Muqufeh (, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Mūqūfeh; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651276" title="Stephen McKenna">
Stephen McKenna

Stephen McKenna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651279" title="Short Triple Tractor">
Short Triple Tractor

The Short S.47 Triple Tractor was one of a series of experimental twin-engined aircraft built by Short Brothers in 1912. It acquired its name because the two engines drove three tractor propellers.
Design and development.
The Triple Tractor followed the Tandem Twin and Triple Twin in the series of twin engined aircraft built by Short Brothers, 
the intention behind fitting two engines being to produce an aircraft capable of sustaining flight in the event of one engine failing. It was powered by a pair of Gnome Double Omega engines mounted in tandem in the extended nose of the aircraft, the front engine driving a single propeller and the other driving a pair of tractor propellers mounted at mid-gap between the wings using chains. In order to reduce the torque effect of the rotary engines they were arranged to revolve in opposite directions. 
The airframe of the Triple Twin was similar to the contemporary S.36, S.41 and S.45 tractor biplanes built by Shorts, being an unequal-span two-seater two-bay biplane, with the square section fuselage mounted in the gap between the upper and lower wings. The tail surfaces consisted of a rectangular rudder mounted on the sternpost of the fuselage, with a rectangular horizontal stabiliser and split elevator mounted in front of it on top of the fuselage. The crew of two were seated side-by-side behind the trailing edge of the wings.
Service history.
The aircraft was first flown by Frank McClean on 24 July 1912, and after a formal acceptance flight carried out by Lt. C. L'Estrange-Malone the aircraft was bought by the Admiralty, being given the serial number T.4 at the Eastchurch Naval School. The aircraft performed well, the only problem being the amount of heat generated, earning it the nickname "The Field Kitchen".

</doc>
<doc id="36651286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651286" title="Lady Andrade">
Lady Andrade

Lady Patricia Andrade Rodriguez (born 10 January 1992) is a Colombian international footballer currently playing for PK-35 Vantaa. She is an attacking midfielder that can also play as a striker.
Career.
Andrade represented Colombia at the 2011 World Cup, making one appearance, and the 2012 Summer Olympics, making two appearances. In a group match at the Olympics against the United States, she punched opposition player Abby Wambach in the right eye, resulting in a two-game ban. Andrade has made a contract with the Finnish Naisten liiga club PK-35 of joining its team after the Spanish football season will be over in the spring 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36651289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651289" title="Raziabad, Damghan">
Raziabad, Damghan

Raziabad (, also Romanized as Raẕīābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651292" title="Fire and Water (sculpture)">
Fire and Water (sculpture)

Fire and Water is a public art work by American artist John Luttropp, located on the southwest side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The multi-element architectural sculpture was created for the entrance of the Milwaukee Fire Department Engine Company #25 station. It is located at 300 S. 84th St.
Description.
The sculpture includes two primary elements: a pair of neon-topped tapering concrete walls flanking the entry sidewalk, and a wall-mounted neon sign displaying the number 25 in a stylized font. During the day, the neon is not lit. At night, the entry numbers glow red, and the tops of the tapering wall glow blue. According to the Smithsonian Institution's Save Outdoor Sculpture! survey, the red neon symbolizes fire and the blue neon symbolizes water spray from fire hoses.
Historical information.
The City of Milwaukee commissioned the work for $9,000 and it was greeted with some criticism. The "Milwaukee Sentinel" compared the neon look to a fast food restaurant and quoted hesitant firefighters based at the station.

</doc>
<doc id="36651294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651294" title="Grinager Mercantile Building">
Grinager Mercantile Building

The Grinager Mercantile Building on Main St. E. in Mayville, North Dakota was built in 1899. It was a department store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36651303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651303" title="Shir Ashian">
Shir Ashian

Shir Ashian (, also Romanized as Shīr Āshīān, Shīr Āsheyān, and Shīr Āshīyān) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 8 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651306" title="Doug Dunville">
Doug Dunville

Doug Dunville was a Canadian hockey player. He was born in Toronto, Ontario, on 22 August 1945. He played defence and shoots right.
Doug was a member of the Toronto Marlboros, an OHA team that was bolstered by OHA All-stars Bobby Orr, Serge Savard, Jean Pronovost, Derek Sanderson and Don Marcotte that played the Soviet National Team on December 14, 1965. The Marlboro/OHA All-Stars took a 3-1 into the third period but lost the game 4-3.
Doug also played on the Ontario Selects team (Mark Howe, Marty Howe, Paulin Bordeleau, Glenn Goldup of the Toronto Marlboros; Tom Planic, Doug Kelcher, Gary Milroy, Keith Wright, Grant Moore, Mike Draper, Claire Alexander, Jim Keon and Jean Levasseur (Orillia Terriers), Darryl Sly, Corby Adams and Pat Monahan (Barrie Flyers), Henry Hank Monteith (Oakville Oaks), Sonny Pennington (Galt Hornets) and Bob Munro (University of Toronto Blues) that played the Moscow Selects December 10, 1972.
After the Toronto Marlboros (1964–66), Doug played in the AHL, CPHL, WHL and OHA Senior leagues.

</doc>
<doc id="36651310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651310" title="Avazabad, Semnan">
Avazabad, Semnan

Avazabad (, also Romanized as ‘Avaẕābād) is a village in Qohab-e Sarsar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651314" title="Avazabad">
Avazabad

Avazabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651316" title="McEntyre, Alabama">
McEntyre, Alabama

McEntyre is an unincorporated community in Clarke County, Alabama, also referred to as Bedsole, Mitcham Beat and New Prospect.

</doc>
<doc id="36651324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651324" title="Andrew Left">
Andrew Left

Andrew Edward Left (born July 9, 1970, in Detroit Michigan) is an activist short seller, author and editor of the online investment newsletter Citron Research, formerly StockLemon.com.
Citron Research.
Founded in 2001, StockLemon.com changed its name to Citron Research in April 2007. Citron Research provides critical, short-focused stock market commentary. Left researches and short sells companies he believes to be engaged in fraud, have been suspiciously promoted, or have been mistakenly overpriced by the stock market. Jonathan Weil of Bloomberg commented on Left's work, saying, "If nothing else, Citron’s reports are a lot more fun to read than just about anything published by a mainstream Wall Street stock analyst."
A 2011 profile of Left in the Financial Times said “The acerbic Mr. Left relies on a keen nose for sniffing out problem companies.” The Financial Times and other business publications have reported on Left’s notable predictive accuracy. A number of companies he has reported on were subsequently subjected to regulatory or law enforcement intervention, often resulting in steep drops in stock prices. Left has been open in interviews that Citron makes its revenue through the short sale of stocks, and that he has sold stocks before criticizing companies online, citing that it is a legal practice and telling The Arizona Republic that "a guy has to make a living."
Left has been featured as an expert commentator in a variety of media outlets, including Barron’s, CNBC, and CNNMoney. Citron Research's report predicting the finding of financial fraud at Longtop Financial Technologies is cited in a 2011 Harvard Business School Case Study. In 2012, he was a panelist at Columbia Business School's China Business Conference.
Citron's Reports on Chinese Companies.
Left's reports cover companies in the US and China, but he is known best for his reports on Chinese companies; in a five-year period, Citron Research published reports on 18 Chinese companies, 16 of which experienced a drop in stock prices, with 15 of them experiencing drops of over 70%. This has caused a collective of Chinese business leaders, including Qihoo 360 CEO Zhou Hongyi (a company that has been targeted by Left), launch a site called CitronFraud.com. Left sent a legal notice to the 60 Chinese executives involved, seeking an apology, and told Tech In Asia that he's consulting with lawyers and considering legal action in response. Qihoo 360 has also threatened to take legal action against Citron, as well as former Google China chief Kai-Fu Lee, now the chairman and CEO of Innovation Works.
The Nu Skin Enterprises Report.
In 2012, Citron Research was the first to question the legality of operations by Nu Skin Enterprises on mainland China, stating that the company was operating an illegal multi-level marketing scheme. Citing accounts from "undercover customers," Left posted reports that Nu Skin employees were promoting a pyramid-sales model to them, in violation of Chinese law. The company denied the claims, with Nu Skin's CFO stating that its China operations were "kosher."
Initially, the report drew some criticism, with Taesik Yoon of Forbes citing that, Citron had alleged that Nu Skin was practicing illegal multilevel marketing in China, no investigation had taken place. In January 2014, the Chinese government announced that they were investigating the company in response to the allegations, causing the company's stock to drop almost 50 percent over two days. The company, based in Provo, UT and linked to former presidential candidate Mitt Romney, continued to deny the claims. The accusations were echoed in People's Daily newspaper, the official newspaper of the Chinese Communist Party. In February 2014, Saxena White P.A. filed a securities fraud class action lawsuit in the United States, alleging the company had failed to disclose “its fraudulent sales practices and non-compliance with Chinese laws and regulations.”
Lawsuits.
In response to the statements made in reports by Citron Research, Left has been the target of litigation multiple times. In a 2011 interview he claimed that he had never lost a case in the U.S.
YP.Net.
In 2004, YP.Net Inc., filed a defamation lawsuit in Arizona federal court against StockLemon after the website published a critical report on the company. The case was dropped in August of the same year, following YP.Net's CEO being charged with conspiracy, money laundering and wire fraud.
Salim Rana.
In 2005, businessman Salim Rana sued Left and was awarded $2,500,000 damages in the Los Angeles Superior Court.
iMergent.
In 2005, iMergent Inc., filed a $15 million libel and defamation suit against StockLemon in Los Angeles Superior Court following the site's report on the company. The suit was dismissed in 2006. The company was later the target of class action lawsuits that alleged accounting irregularities and deceptive sales practices.
GTX Global.
In 2005, GTX Global Corp filed a suit against Left, charging claims of trade libel, intentional interference with prospective economic advantage, securities fraud under California law, securities fraud under federal law, and conspiracy. The suit was dismissed in 2007. GTX Global CEO David Hagen was later convicted of securities fraud, wire fraud, and money laundering.
Regulatory interventions.
Since 2001, more than 50 companies covered by Left have become targets of regulatory interventions.
Criticism.
In 1998, Left was found by the National Futures Association to have “made false and misleading statements to cheat, defraud or deceive a customer", and disbarred for three years.
In 2002, his then employer Detour Media sued Left for "fraud and deceit, negligent misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duty and unlawful monetary conversion". He was ordered to pay $26,445.62 compensation.
In 2010, Left was briefly arrested in Florida in relation to a petty dispute with a drycleaner. The charges were subsequently dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="36651327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651327" title="Mayville Historic District">
Mayville Historic District

The Mayville Historic District is a historic district in Mayville, North Dakota. It includes works of significance during 1889-1930. It includes Late 19th and Early 20th Century American Movements, Late 19th and 20th Century Revivals, and Late Victorian architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing included 30 contributing buildings and two other contributing structures.
It includes both campus buildings of the Mayville State College and a residential district.

</doc>
<doc id="36651328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651328" title="Deh Khoda, Semnan">
Deh Khoda, Semnan

Deh Khoda (, also Romanized as Deh Khodā) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 55, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651332" title="2012 Derry City F.C. season">
2012 Derry City F.C. season

The 2012 season was Derry City's second successive season in the League of Ireland Premier Division. Alongside the league competition, the club also competed in the FAI Cup, the Setanta Sports Cup and the League of Ireland Cup this season. Having finished in third place in the 2011 League of Ireland Premier Division, Derry City would have qualified for the first qualifying round of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League but they did not participate as the club were refused entry by UEFA due to a three-year European ban given to the club following their liquidation in 2009. Bohemians will take their place.
It was manager Declan Devine's first season in charge of the club, having assumed the role of manager on 6 January 2012 following the departure of Stephen Kenny to Shamrock Rovers.
2012 Fixtures and Results.
League of Ireland Premier Division.
Note 1 - Monaghan United withdrew from the league on 18 June 2012. All results against them were expunged.
Note 2 - Match was postponed from 3 August 2012 due to St Patrick's Athletic competing in the UEFA Europa League.
Setanta Cup.
"Derry City won 7–0 on aggregate"
"Derry City won 4–2 on aggregate"
"Derry City won 3–2 on aggregate"

</doc>
<doc id="36651337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651337" title="Deh Khoda">
Deh Khoda

Deh Khoda or Dehkhoda () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651342" title="Darvar, Semnan">
Darvar, Semnan

Darvar (, also Romanized as Darvār and Darwar; also known as Darbār and Gazvār) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 709, in 223 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651346" title="Kala Chitta Range">
Kala Chitta Range

Kala Chitta Range is a mountain range located in the Attock District of Punjab, Pakistan. The range thrusts eastward across the Potohar plateau towards Rawalpindi.

</doc>
<doc id="36651348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651348" title="Darvar">
Darvar

Darvar or Darwar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651351" title="Buildings 1992">
Buildings 1992

Buildings 1992 is a public art work by American artist Susan Walsh, located on the northwest side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The architectural sculpture was created for the Milwaukee Fire Department station at the intersection of 103rd Street and Fond du Lac Avenue.
Description.
"Buildings 1992" depicts the frames of four tall, rectangular buildings. Each building has two doors at its base. Two of the buildings have triangular roofs. One has an arched roof. The entire work rests on a square concrete base.

</doc>
<doc id="36651361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651361" title="Alexander Sakkers">
Alexander Sakkers

Alexander Boudewijn Sakkers (Delft, 28 May 1948) is a former politician from the Netherlands. He is a former member of the gedeputeerde staten of Groningen, mayor of Heerlen and mayor of Eindhoven. 
Sakkers grew up in Arnhem. Originally he was employed as an airforce officer, however after his study in geography, he chose a career in education. Till 1993 he was rector (head of daily ongoings) of the secondary school community in Ter Apel.
Sakkers is a member of the liberal party, the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD). In 1993 he became a member of the gedeputeerde staten of Groningen, with responsibility for economic and European affairs. In 2000 he became mayor of the city of Heerlen, in the southern province of Limburg. There he was responsible for "Operatie Hartslag" (operation heartbeat), which was supposed to lower drugproblems by taking care of addicts and increasing police presence. In 2003 he became mayor of Eindhoven, in the province of North Brabant. During his term in office he was responsible for the increased cooperation between the three local technology cities Eindhoven, Aachen and Leuven. 
On 1 September 2007 Sakkers resigned early as mayor of Eindhoven to become chairman of Transport en Logistiek Nederland (TLN). His term as mayor would end in 2009. Sakkers is currently a member of the daily and general management of VNO-NCW. He is also chairman of the European commission for Transport of the International Road Transport Union (IRU) and he is a member of the Social-Economic Council on behalve of the employers in the Dutch transport area.

</doc>
<doc id="36651365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651365" title="Mayville Public Library">
Mayville Public Library

The Mayville Public Library on Center Ave., N., Mayville, North Dakota was built in 1900. It was designed by Fargo architect William C. Albrant. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
The library was funded by donations of J.L. Grandin and E.B. Grandin, who made money in bonanza farming.

</doc>
<doc id="36651370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651370" title="Dasht-e Bu">
Dasht-e Bu

Dasht-e Bu (, also Romanized as Dasht-e Bū, Dashtboo, and Dasht Bū; also known as Dashtadi and Dashtgū) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 30 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651376" title="Pedro de Valdivia metro station">
Pedro de Valdivia metro station

Pedro de Valdivia is an underground metro station on the Line 1 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The station is named for the nearby Pedro de Valdivia Avenue, which in turn
was named for Pedro de Valdivia.
The platform level features a vaulted drop ceiling of stained glass. A second work of art is entitled "La Ciudad" (The City), which consists of four enameled steel murals placed on the walls of the four platform stairways. Both artworks were unveiled on January 13, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36651388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651388" title="Sartangeh, Semnan">
Sartangeh, Semnan

Sartangeh () is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651393" title="Christian Baudelot">
Christian Baudelot

Christian Baudelot (born 9 December 1938, Paris) is a French sociologist based at the École normale supérieure. Many of his works have been written in collaboration with Roger Establet.

</doc>
<doc id="36651395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651395" title="Microleve">
Microleve

Microleve was a Brazilian aircraft manufacturer based in Rio de Janeiro. Founded in 1982 at the beginning of the ultralight boom years, the company appears to have gone out of business in about 2011. The company specialized in the design and manufacture of ultralight aircraft.
For many years Microleve was the largest manufacturer of ultralight aircraft in Latin America. The company exported its own designs and also imported designs by other companies, notably those of Tecnam of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36651399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651399" title="Sartangeh">
Sartangeh

Sartangeh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651402" title="Tuyeh, Amirabad">
Tuyeh, Amirabad

Tuyeh (, also Romanized as Tūyeh; also known as Tū-ye Darbār) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 339, in 137 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651405" title="Tuyeh">
Tuyeh

Tuyeh or Tooyeh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651411" title="Tuyeh, Damghan">
Tuyeh, Damghan

Tuyeh (, also Romanized as Tūyeh and Tooyeh; also known as Ţorūdbār, Turndbār, Turudbār, Tūyeh Darvār, Tūyeh Rūdbār, and Tūyeh-ye Rūdbār) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 256, in 71 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651423" title="Andres O. Ness House">
Andres O. Ness House

The Andres O. Ness House at Oak Ave. and 6th St. in Hatton, North Dakota was built circa 1908. It has also been known as the Hatton Eielson Museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977. The listing included three contributing buildings: the house, a carriage house, and a privy.
It was home of Andres O. Ness (1850–1913), who was born in Nes, Hallingdal, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36651440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651440" title="Emamabad, Semnan">
Emamabad, Semnan

Emamabad (, also Romanized as Emāmābād) is a village in Damankuh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 207, in 68 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651445" title="Haddadeh">
Haddadeh

Haddadeh (, also Romanized as 'Ḩaddādeh) is a village in Damankuh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 243, in 82 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651450" title="Hoseynabad-e Dula">
Hoseynabad-e Dula

Hoseynabad-e Dula (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Dūlā; also known as Ḩoseynābād, Ḩoseynābād-e Dūlāb, and Husainābād) is a village in Damankuh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 338, in 113 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651458" title="Van Ness House">
Van Ness House

Van Ness House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651460" title="Richard A. Hellman">
Richard A. Hellman

Richard A. Hellman is an environmental consultant, attorney, and the President of the Middle East Research Center Limited (MERCL). He was named among the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) Global 500 Roll of Honour. Hellman is also President of the Friends of UNEP, USA.
Early life and education.
Hellman graduated from Canisius College in Buffalo, New York, with a Bachelor's Degree in History. He later received his Juris Doctorate from Georgetown Law School in Washington, DC.
Military service.
Hellman served in the Vietnam War, with distinction, having received the Bronze Star as a Captain in Army counterintelligence.
Public service.
After leaving the army, Hellman began his career in Government at the United States Environmental Protection Agency in 1966. He quickly rose in the agency and established its Office of Legislative Affairs. As the first Legislative Counsel of the Environmental Protection Agency, he created the Legislative Counsel’s Office under William D. Ruckelshaus, EPA's first administrator, before going to work on Capitol Hill. As counsel to the US Senate Public Works Committee in 1972-76, he helped draft legislation on air and water quality, noise, solid wastes and toxic substances.
Hellman's desires for international roles began to be realized when Senator Howard Baker of Tennessee selected him to serve as Executive Director of the U.S. Committee for the Stockholm U.N. Conference on the Environment and then as U.S. advisor at the Conference, where the course of future international environmental action was set. Baker then named him Chief Minority Counsel of the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, where, as at EPA, he drafted landmark environmental laws, including those for clean air and water, waste recycling, toxic substances, oceans, mining and noise.
Government of Israel.
In 1976, Hellman was contracted by the Government of Israel as an environmental consultant. While in Israel, Hellman received support from the United Nations to draft Israel's environmental laws and plans. Upon completion of this project, he was named by Israel to be the Chief Environmental Advisor on the District Planning and Building Commission for the rebuilding and restoration of Jerusalem. In this role, he led delegations to the Rome and Venice U.N. Mediterranean conferences.
Environmental activism.
Hellman is a member of the bar in Maryland, Washington DC, with an application pending in New York.
In Washington, Hellman's law practice involves environmental, and corporate matters. He also founded and now chairs the U.S. Committee for the U.N. Environment Programme (UNEP). Hellman is called on to testify, write and speak on subjects related to the environment, water, and sustainable development.
Hellman was an official advisor to the 1992 UN Earth Summit and 1994 UN International Conference on Population and Development. He has served as a consultant to the U.S. State Department and the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP), among others.

</doc>
<doc id="36651465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651465" title="Kalateh-ye Molla, Damghan">
Kalateh-ye Molla, Damghan

Kalateh-ye Molla (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mollā and Kalāteh Mollā) is a village in Damankuh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 517, in 164 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651474" title="Mehman Duyeh">
Mehman Duyeh

Mehman Duyeh (, also Romanized as Mehmān Dūyeh) is a village in Damankuh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 39 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651489" title="Gazvar">
Gazvar

Gazvar or Gazur () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651502" title="The Digital Development Group, Corp.">
The Digital Development Group, Corp.

The Digital Development Group (a.k.a. Digidev) is a Los Angeles, California-based technology and entertainment company that is dedicated to providing content and content-delivery systems to a world-wide audience of customers using DVD players, video-game consoles, mobile products and smart-TVs with built-in Internet connectivity. The company was known as Regency Resources, Inc. until it changed its name in April 2012.
History.
The Digital Development Group, Corp. (Digidev) was established through the 2012 merger between Regency Resources Inc., founded in December 2006, and Digitally Distributed Acquisition Corporation. Digidev is overseen by CEO Martin W. Greenwald and President Joe Q. Bretz, who both have extensive experience in the entertainment industry. It's a development stage company designed to offer an in-depth portfolio of content for Internet TV distribution, using a proprietary delivery system.
Mr. Greenwald is the former Chairman of the Board of Image Entertainment Inc., where he focused on laserdisc, DVD, Blu-ray and digital content production, development, acquisition and sales, and directed Image’s business through a period of considerable revenue growth. Mr. Bretz started working on various media start-ups in Silicon Valley during the dot-com boom of the late 1990s; his resume has ranged from feature-film producer to high-tech incubator. Their partnership, which grew out of Bretz’s efforts to develop a web-based platform for distribution of entertainment content over the Internet to a variety of electronic devices, resulted in Digidev. The company trades on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB) under the symbol DIDG.
Since its establishment, Digidev has added key personnel including Bretz's longtime business partner Richard W. Verdoni as CTO; telecommunications engineer, film editor, music producer and transmedia consultant Alex Frejrud as Chief Creative Director; veteran film distributor and home-entertainment executive Bruce Venezia as Vice-President of Content Acquisitions; and telecommunications and Internet developer and investor Bryan Subotnick as a board director.
Digidev is currently fostering partnerships with a variety of unique content providers, including Something Weird Video, Inc., G2R Media, Film Preservation Associates, The Snow Leopard Conservancy and Tapwater Entertainment. The company is also developing in-house programming to take further advantage of the growing trend towards Over-the-Top (OTT) internet TV products.
Content Acquisition.
Digidev is developing a series of channels for customer access, and forging agreements with various content providers. Among those relationships already in progress:

</doc>
<doc id="36651504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651504" title="Darbar, Khuzestan">
Darbar, Khuzestan

Darbar (, also Romanized as Dārbar) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651506" title="Mehmandust, Semnan">
Mehmandust, Semnan

Mehmandust (, also Romanized as Mehmāndūst) is a village in Damankuh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 937, in 264 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651516" title="Mehmandust">
Mehmandust

Mehmandust or Mohamandust (), also rendered as Mihmandust, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651517" title="Col. William H. Robinson House">
Col. William H. Robinson House

The Col. William H. Robinson House on 4th Ave., NE, in Mayville, North Dakota was built in 1900. It includes Late Victorian architecture and has also been known as the Inga B. Grinager House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
It has an octagonal tower.

</doc>
<doc id="36651528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651528" title="Moradabad, Semnan">
Moradabad, Semnan

Moradabad (, also Romanized as Morādābād) is a village in Damankuh Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 174, in 55 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36651538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651538" title="Union Block (Mayville, North Dakota)">
Union Block (Mayville, North Dakota)

The Union Block on Main St. W. in Mayville, North Dakota was built in 1900. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.
According to its NRHP nomination, the building "is significant for its distinctive commercial architecture which represents the work of an early North Dakota architect, William C. Albrant." And it also "possesses integrity of location, design, setting, and craftsmanship."

</doc>
<doc id="36651547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651547" title="Mardi (disambiguation)">
Mardi (disambiguation)

Mardi is the French word for Tuesday. It may also refer to:
MARDI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651561" title="O.C. Sarles House">
O.C. Sarles House

The O.C. Sarles House at 2nd Ave. and 3rd St., NE, in Hillsboro, North Dakota was built in 1881. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), but it was removed from the NRHP in 2009.
Its NRHP nomination in 1984 identified it as "Hillsboro's earliest and finest example of Victorian architecture."
Delistings of NRHP-listed properties usually follow demolition or other severe loss of historic integrity of a building.

</doc>
<doc id="36651570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651570" title="Brooks Raley">
Brooks Raley

Brooks Lee Raley (born June 29, 1988) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim organization. He previously played for the Chicago Cubs.
Professional career.
Raley was drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the sixth round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft out of Texas A&M University.
Raley was called up to the majors for the first time on August 7, 2012.
On February 12, 2014, he was claimed off waivers by the Minnesota Twins. He was then designated for assignment by the Twins and claimed off waivers by the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim on May 8, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36651571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651571" title="SignNow">
SignNow

SignNow is a cloud-based provider of electronic signature and online notarization technology, developed in the United States. The company's Software-as-a-Service platform enables individuals and businesses to sign, notarize, and manage documents from any computer. The e-signature product is also available for free on iPhone, iPad, and Android devices, which lets you upload documents from your smartphone's e-mail, camera, or Dropbox account and tap to insert your signature.
The signatures within SignNow are legally recognized in the same way as traditional "wet ink" signatures as the company’s technology follows the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act signed into law by former President Bill Clinton in 2000, as well as the European Union’s Directive on eSignatures.
History.
SignNow was founded in 2011 by Chris Hawkins and Andrew Ellis, and operates in Newport Beach, CA. The two saw an issue in signature and notary fraud, and set out to revolutionize use of e-signatures with a legally-binding way to add signatures to electronic documents of all sorts with authenticity, non-repudiation, and data integrity. It uses 256-bit SSL encryption to provide security to users.
To provide a resource explaining the development of signatures, the implementation of digital signatures, and the goals of signature, Hawkins wrote and published "A History of Signatures: From Cave Paintings to Robo-Signings" in March 2011. In that same month, SignNow raised $500,000 in financing from unnamed angel investors and then raised $2 million lead by Khosla Ventures in March 2012.
On July 1, 2012, Virginia became the first state to authorize a signer to be in a remote location and have a document notarized electronically by an e-notary using audio-visual conference technology by passing the bills SB 827 and HB 2318. That same day, SignNow launched the first online notary product in the United States allowing people from all over the world to connect to a notary online.
On July 11, 2012, NBA superstar Deron Williams signed his $98 million 5-year contract with the Brooklyn Nets using the SignNow iPad application and tweeted a picture of him doing so.
In April 2013, Barracuda Networks acquired SignNow.

</doc>
<doc id="36651576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651576" title="2000 Summer Olympics torch relay">
2000 Summer Olympics torch relay

The 2000 Summer Olympics torch relay was the transferral of the Olympic Flame to Sydney, Australia that built up to the 2000 Summer Olympics. The torch travelled to various island nations as part of a tour of Oceania before beginning an extensive journey around Australia. For the first time the Flame was taken underwater, with a special flare-like torch taken on a dive down to the Great Barrier Reef. At the opening ceremony the cauldron was lit by Aboriginal athlete Cathy Freeman.
Relay elements.
A History of the Olympic Torch Relay has been written by Janet Cahill covering all relays to Sydney 2000. She is also author of the Olympic Torch Relay section of the "Official Report of the XXVII Olympiad, Sydney 2000 Olympic Games. Volume Two - Celebrating The Games".
Torch.
The design of the torch reflected three famed areas of Australian culture: the boomerang, the Sydney Opera House, and the waters of the Pacific Ocean. The concept also reflected the elements of earth, fire, and water. This was achieved across three layers of the torch. The first, inner layer contains the fuel system and combustor, the second contains the fuel canister, and the outer layer is a specially textured aluminium shell. A combination of copper, brass, aluminium, and stainless steel was used in its construction, and the fuel comprised 65 percent butane and 35 percent propane. In total 14,000 torches were produced.
Torch-bearers.
A total of 13,400 torch-bearers were involved in the relay. The Greek leg of the route saw 800 people carry the torch, while 1,500 people were involved across Oceania. As part of the vast traversal of Australia, 11,000 people carried the torch within the country.
The first Australian torch-bearer was Sophie Gosper, the daughter of International Olympic Committee (IOC) Vice-President Kevan Gosper. Her selection caused considerable controversy with accusations of corruption directed at the Hellenic Olympic Committee (HOC). Greek-Australian Yianna Souleles was originally due to receive the torch in Olympia but was replaced at late notice by Gosper. Kevan Gosper accepted the invitation for his daughter to carry the torch while claiming to be unaware that this would make her the first Australian to have the honour.
The HOC's invitation was seen as an attempt to curry favour with the IOC after being warned that its delays put the planned 2004 Olympics (scheduled to be held in Greece) in jeopardy. Gosper's acceptance of the invitation was portrayed by the media as being nepotistic and inappropriate, with Australian politicians, Olympic athletes, and officials from various Olympic Committees condemning the move. Gosper initially defended his actions but would go on to make a public apology, claiming that fatherly pride had clouded his judgement. He gave up his role in the relay at the Melbourne Cricket Ground despite having previously described it as "the most important moment of my life since I won a silver medal ".
Route.
The Flame was lit during a ceremony in Olympia, as has been tradition at all the Summer Games since those in 1936. The Flame is initiated by using a parabolic mirror that concentrates the sun's rays. However, due to some cloud cover on the day of the ceremony, there was insufficient sunlight to create the required level of heat. A backup, lit on the previous day during rehearsals, was used instead. The remainder of the ceremony could then take place.
The relay always begins in Greece and travels from Olympia to Athens and the Panathenaic Stadium. The Hellenic Olympic Committee arranged for the torch to be taken to several Greek islands, a first in the history of Olympic relays. The torch arrived in Athens on 20 May, after which it began a tour of Oceania. The Flame was flown firstly to Guam, before moving to Palau, Micronesia, Nauru, the Solomon Islands, Papua New Guinea, Vanuatu, Samoa, American Samoa, the Cook Islands, Tonga, and New Zealand. The relay had been scheduled to visit Fiji but the country was omitted due to ongoing government instability.
After the island tour the Flame arrived in Australia on 8 June. The relay was an extensive journey around the country, involving 11,000 torch-bearers and a variety of modes of transport. On 27 June the Flame was taken underwater, a first in the history of torch relays. Marine biologist Wendy Craig Duncan carried a special version of the torch for a three minute trip around Agincourt Reef, a section of the Great Barrier Reef popular with divers. The torch was modified to carry a specially-designed flare that would burn at 2,000 degrees Celsius underwater while remaining as aesthetically similar to the normal flame as possible.
Lighting of the cauldron.
The Australian middle distance gold-medallist Herb Elliott carried the torch into Stadium Australia and passed it on to the final runners. The final succession of torch-bearers were selected to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of female participation in the Olympic Games (women were not allowed to compete at the inaugural 1896 Summer Olympics but were given the opportunity in 1900). Betty Cuthbert, Raelene Boyle, Dawn Fraser, Shirley Strickland, Shane Gould, and Debbie Flintoff-King, all medallists in previous Games, were given the honour of carrying the Flame before passing it to the final torch-bearer.
The cauldron was lit by Aboriginal athlete Cathy Freeman, a decision that was at the time reported as being a "bold political and social statement". Freeman was the first competing athlete to light the Olympic cauldron. Two elements from the torch concept, fire and water, were replicated in the design of the cauldron. Freeman stood atop a pool of water and lit a flame that surrounded her. Though a computer glitch delayed proceedings for a few minutes the Flame then lifted around Freeman.
The ten-year anniversary of the Games was celebrated in a special ceremony in 2010. Cathy Freeman and Paralympic champion Louise Sauvage lit the cauldron during an event attended by numerous athletes and school students.
References.
Cahill, J. (1999) Running Towards Sydney 2000; A History of the Olympic Torch Relay, Walla Walla Press, Sydney

</doc>
<doc id="36651582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651582" title="Greg Anaka">
Greg Anaka

Greg Anaka was from Winnipeg and moved to Malton, Ontario in 1960.
He was president of the Malton Memorial Recreation Association Incorporated (MMRAI) which was instrumental in getting the Malton Arena built in 1968. The arena was the home of the Malton Minor Hockey Association.
He was a Director of the Mississauga Hockey League.
He was the first president of the Association for Children with Learning Disabilities - Mississauga Chapter.
In December 1973, Gregory Anaka was named to the Order of Canada and invested by Jules Léger April 1974.
Greg was inducted into the Mississauga Hockey League Hall of Fame in May 1976. The City of Mississauga named Anaka Drive in honour of his work in the Malton, Ontario community.
He died April 20, 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="36651595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651595" title="Bill Stapleton">
Bill Stapleton

Bill Stapleton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651600" title="Ahmed Al-Qahtani">
Ahmed Al-Qahtani

Dr. Ahmed Al-Qahtani is the president and founder of AQ Skin Solutions. Founded in 2008, the company is known for its Growth Factor (GF) technology, with a patent approved as of 2013 (U.S. Pat. 8,518,879) and another patent pending as of 2012 in advanced collection and production of the purest form of human growth factors, and utilizing them in topical skin care products, hair, and other therapeutic applications. Prior to the launch of the company, Dr. Al-Qahtani began his career researching medical applications of growth factors for healing wounded tissue and burns. Dermatology studies in skin wound repair and regeneration show that the success of the wound healing process depends on growth factors and their signaling ability to coordinate cellular processes. As a researcher in Immunology, he developed a process for producing the highest quality growth factors utilizing a specialized cell line that was later named after him by the ATCC. Growth factors, part of the body’s natural healing mechanism, when applied through various skin treatments, are able to tackle everyday skin problems such as acne scars, hyperpigmentation, photo-damaged skin and other conditions. When applied to the skin surface, growth factors penetrate the epidermis and work to 'fertilize' the skin through the same underlying mechanism of wound healing. The growth factors developed by Dr. Al-Qahtani and formulated in skin products play an important part in maintaining healthy skin structure and function.
Skin care expertise.
Dr. Al-Qahtani is an emerging figure in anti-aging and skin care, whose research in growth factors showed their wound-healing properties, and their role as part of the body's natural healing mechanism, thereby contributing to the rejuvenating effects produced by treatments for skin damage. He has spoken in numerous conferences on the role of growth factors in skin care. Among them include: 
Education.
Dr. Al-Qahtani received a PhD at the Institute for Immunology at University of California, Irvine. He also holds Masters degrees in Medical Microbiology and Biotechnology from the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology in Australia. His undergraduate study began at the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland and the University of San Francisco.
Currently Dr. Al-Qahtani is assistant professor with the faculty of medicine at United Arab Emirates University in Al-Ain.

</doc>
<doc id="36651602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651602" title="Marty Calder">
Marty Calder

Martin "Marty" Calder (born January 25, 1967) is a Canadian wrestling coach for the Brock Badgers. He represented Canada in wrestling at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36651607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651607" title="Brian Phillips">
Brian Phillips

Brian Phillips may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651621" title="Bob Skelton">
Bob Skelton

Bob Skelton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651624" title="William C. Albrant">
William C. Albrant

William Colstrand Albrant (1871-1905) was an architect in Fargo, North Dakota. He was born in Canada.
He designed several buildings that are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36651642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651642" title="Pablo Luna">
Pablo Luna

Pablo Luna Carné (May 21, 1879 Alhama de Aragón – January 28, 1942 Madrid) was a Spanish composer. His best-known composition is the aria "De España vengo" from the zarzuela "El niño judío".
Life.
Received his first lessons in music theory from the organist of the church of his birthplace. His father, Pablo Luna Ferrer, who was a member of the Civil Guard, had moved with his family to the valley of the Ebro. He studied harmony with Teodoro Ballo and composition with Miguel Arnaudas. As a violinist, Luna would make money in hotels, cafes, churches and a small chamber orchestra, also in theaters. In 1903 he wrote his first operetta, "Lolilla, la Petenera" which was followed in 1904 by "La Escalera de los Duendes" (The Ladder of the Elves).
In 1905, he moved to Madrid to learn more about the world of zarzuela. Especially contacted Ruperto Chapí, the second director of the Teatro de la Zarzuela, and Tomás Barrera Saavedra later director of the orchestra, Jerónimo Giménez y Bellido and others. He also knows the librettist Luis Pascual Frutos, who wrote the libretto for the operetta Mussetta, premiered successfully in 1908. This operetta will be followed by many other stage works.
In Zaragoza premiered with great success 11 March 1911 his zarzuela "Molinos de viento" (Windmills). Luna was the same who led the orchestra on the night of reopening of the Teatro de la Zarzuela, after a fire, in 1914. In 1918, he released one of his greatest works, "El niño Judío" (The Jewish Boy), an exponent of the new style full of exoticism and sophistication. In March 1925 a grand concert was given in his honor and he was awarded the gold medal of the city of Zaragoza. He closed the trilogy of his three most successful zarzuelas with Benamor (1928).
He also wrote eleven screenplays under the pseudonym García Sandoval. Pablo Luna has various streets named after him, and has a school with his name in Alhama de Aragón (Zaragoza).
Works.
Theatrical works.
Revistas
Operetas
Zarzuelas
Other theatrical works
References.
"translated from Spanish wikipedia"

</doc>
<doc id="36651663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651663" title="Ysis Sonkeng">
Ysis Sonkeng

Ysis Sonkeng (born September 20, 1989) is a Cameroonian women's football player, who plays for the Cameroon women's national football team and Louves Minproff de Yaoundé. She plays as a defender and played in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was known for scoring an own goal against New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="36651665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651665" title="2012 Tour of Utah">
2012 Tour of Utah

The 2012 Tour of Utah was the ninth edition of the Tour of Utah. Once again, the race was included on the UCI America Tour, with a UCI classification of 2.1. As such, the race is only open to teams on the UCI Pro Tour, UCI Professional Continental and UCI Continental circuits. The race took place between August 7-12, 2012 as a six-day, six-stage race, with some major differences to the prior editions, such as the elimination of the prologue and the inclusion of a team time trial instead of an individual time trial. The 2012 Tour of Utah was one of five UCI-ranked stage races in the United States in 2012 and one of three (along with the 2012 Tour of California and the 2012 USA Pro Cycling Challenge, which are both ranked 2.HC) that attracted multiple ProTeams to compete.
Teams.
In July, the Tour of Utah announced a 17-team field, made up of six ProTeams (up from five), five UCI Professional Continental teams (up from four) and six UCI Continental teams (down from seven), thus giving the race a total of 17 teams (up from 16). In total, eight of the 16 teams that competed in 2011 were invited to return to this event, as well as a ProTeam that merged into another ProTeam (RadioShack-Nissan-Trek) and a team that competed in 2010, but did not get a place in 2011 (Bontrager-Livestrong). EPM-UNE is based in Colombia, and four of the five Professional Continental teams are not US-based, coming from Canada, China, the Netherlands and Germany.
Contenders.
In addition to all of the last four champions of the race -- (Jeff Louder (UnitedHealthcare), Francisco Mancebo (Competitive Cyclist) and two-time defending champion Levi Leipheimer (Omega Pharma-Quick Step)) -- the race included potential contenders Tom Danielson (Garmin), Christian Vande Velde (Garmin), David Zabriskie (Garmin) and Chris Horner (RadioShack-Nissan-Trek). The race was held during the 2012 Summer Olympics, and 11 current or former Olympians competed. Although each of the 17 teams was permitted to bring up to 8 starters (for a maximum of 136), the race included only 129 starters, because 3 of the ProTour teams (BMC, Omega Pharma-Quick Step, and Liquigas-Cannondale) brought only 6 and a fourth (Rabobank) brought only 7.
Stages.
Stage 1.
August 7, 2012 -- Ogden - Ogden, Medium mountain stage, 
For the first time, the Tour of Utah started with a full stage instead of a prologue. Although the route included five categorized climbs, a select peloton of 40 returned to downtown Ogden with the lead, resulting in a sprint finish. After a few attempted breakaways in the final kilometers were thwarted, Rory Sutherland of outsprinted the field, finishing several bike lengths ahead of Damiano Caruso of , Brent Bookwalter of and Lawson Craddock of . Although the lead pack all finished in the same time, the first three across the finish line and intermediate sprint placers received time bonuses that gave them the lead.
Stage 2.
August 8, 2012 -- Miller Motorsports Park, team time trial, 
Team time in the team time trial was determined by the fifth member of the team to cross the finish line. The stage was easily won by the team, pushing American Christian Vande Velde into the overall lead. Levi Leipheimer's chances to defend his championships probably came to an end on this stage, as his weak team, which only started with six riders, quickly dropped one rider and then repeatedly had to sit up to avoid dropping a second rider, placing last among the 17 teams and losing over two minutes as a result.
Stage 3.
August 9, 2012 -- Ogden to University of Utah, 
Stage 4.
August 10, 2012 -- Lehi - Salt Lake City, 
Stage 5.
August 11, 2012 -- Kimball Junction to Snowbird, 
Stage 6.
August 12, 2012 -- Park City - Park City, 

</doc>
<doc id="36651672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651672" title="Colin Daynes">
Colin Daynes

Colin Daynes (born May 8, 1974) is a Canadian Greco-Roman wrestler who represented Canada at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36651680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651680" title="Collinsite">
Collinsite

Collinsite is a mineral with formula Ca2(Mg,Fe2+)(PO4)2·2H2O. It was discovered in British Columbia, Canada, and formally described in 1927. It was named in honor of William Henry Collins (1878–1937), director of the Geological Survey of Canada. There are three varieties of the mineral: magnesian collinsite, zincian collinsite, and strontian collinsite. The crystal structure consists of polyhedral chains linked by weak hydrogen bonds.
Description.
Collinsite is translucent and brown, chocolate-black, light brown, yellowish white, white, or colorless. It is colorless in thin section and light yellow-brown to colorless in transmitted light. The zincian variety of collinsite is pale blue. The mineral can occur with fibrous habit, as globular aggregates of crystals, as concentrically layered botryoidal masses, or as bladed or prismatic crystals up to .
Collinsite is a member of the fairfieldite group. Hillite is the zinc analogue of collinsite and collinsite is the magnesium analogue of messelite
Varieties.
There are three varieties of collinsite:
Magnesian collinsite was described from South Dakota in 1972, zincian collinsite was described from South Australia in 1973, and strontian collinsite was described from Russia as early as 1965. The replacement of calcium by strontium that occurs in strontian collinsite is atypical of collinsite.
Structure.
The crystal structure of collinsite was determined using essentially pure magnesian collinsite, Ca2Mg(PO4)2·2H2O, and published in 1974. It consists of chains of corner-sharing (MgΦ6) octahedra and (PO4) tetrahedra. Four of the Mg ligands link to (PO4) groups and the other two to water molecules. Two of the ligands in the (PO4) group link to (MgΦ6) octahedra and the other two link to calcium atoms and act as hydrogen bond acceptors. Weak hydrogen bonds link chains together and force separation between them. The separation gives room for interstitial, eight-coordinated calcium between chains.
History.
Collinsite was discovered prior to 1927 near François Lake, British Columbia. In a , phosphorite nodules were discovered that consisted of a fragment of andesite enclosed by concentric layers of phosphate minerals coated in wurtzilite. The phosphate layers were composed of a mineral named quercyite (since determined to be improperly classified) and the new mineral collinsite. The François Lake collinsite was light-brown and consisted of sub-centimeter blades.
Collinsite was named in honor of William Henry Collins (1878–1937) who, at the time, was director of the Geological Survey of Canada. The mineral was described by Eugene Poitevin in 1927 in a publication of the Geological Survey. With the analysis performed by E. A. Thompson, Poitevin identified the formula as Ca2(Mg,Fe2+)(PO4)2·2½H2O. Since no crystals of collinsite were found, the only crystallographic information determined was the angle between cleavages.
In 1940, C. W. Wolfe reexamined the mineral species. With analysis performed by F. A. Gonyer, Wolfe identified the formula of collinsite was Ca2(Mg,Fe2+)(PO4)2·2H2O, containing less water than Poitevin indicated. Wolfe also questioned the four cleavages found by Poitevin, since he could identify only two fair cleavages from six fibrous crystals.
When the IMA was founded, messelite was grandfathered as a valid mineral species.
Occurrence.
Collinsite has been found in Australia, Austria, Bahamas, Brazil, Canada, Germany, Namibia, Norway, Romania, Russia, South Africa, Spain, and the United States. The mineral formed as an incrustation of other minerals by weathering. It occurs in association with bitumen, bobierrite, carbonate rich fluoroapatite, cryptomelane, dolomite, Fe–Mn oxides, kovdorskite, parahopeite, and scholzite.

</doc>
<doc id="36651695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651695" title="Messelite">
Messelite

Messelite is a mineral with formula Ca2(Fe2+,Mn2+)(PO4)2·2H2O. It was discovered in Germany and described in 1890. The mineral was subsequently discredited in 1940, reinstated and named "neomesselite" in 1955, and the name restored to "messelite" in 1959.
Description.
Messelite is a translucent mineral that is white, pale greenish white, greenish gray, pink, or colorless. The mineral may be granular or occur as internally radial aggregates of lamellar crystals arranged as globes, hemispheres, or sheafs, up to .
Messelite is a member of the fairﬁeldite group.
History.
Messelite was discovered in Messel, Hesse, Germany, by a Dr. Spiegel who worked as technical director at a local factory. The specimen contained a number of crystals associated with carbonaceous material. It did not conform to any known mineral at the time, a fact confirmed when it was studied at a local mineralogical institute. The mineral was described by W. Muthmann in 1890 in the journal "Zeitschrift für Kristallographie" and its formula was identified as (Ca2+,Fe2+,Mn2+)3(PO4)2·2½H2O. At the request of Dr. Spiegel, the mineral was named "messelite" () after the area in which it was discovered.
The first reevaluation of messelite was carried out by C. W. Wolfe in 1940. Wolfe concluded that the material was anapaite partially altered to collinsite and he discredited messelite as a valid mineral species.
Later, an unaltered mineral was found with the formula (Ca2+,Fe2+,Mn2+)3(PO4)2·2H2O, essentially identical to the formula of messelite reported by Muthmann. It was analyzed by Clifford Frondel and found to be the disordered iron-rich analogue of fairfieldite. Frondel proposed in 1955 that the mineral be named "neomesselite".
A few years later, additional material was obtained from the type locality of Messel and studied with optical and x-ray methods. The specimen was determined to consist primarily of material identical to the neomesselite described by Frondel with a rim of anapaite. Since it is likely that the mixture studied by Muthmann was primarily this mineral, it was decided around 1959 that the name "neomesselite" should be discarded in favor of "messelite". When the IMA was founded, messelite was grandfathered as a valid mineral species.
Occurrence.
Messelite has been found in Austria, Brazil, Canada, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Japan, Kazakhstan, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine, and the United States.
The mineral tends to form in granite pegmatites by hydrothermal alteration at a late stage. Messelite occurs in association with amblygonite, anapaite, brazilianite, eosphorite, fairﬁeldite, goyazite, graftonite, herderite, hureaulite, ludlamite, phosphoferrite, siderite, triphylite, vivianite, and whitlockite.

</doc>
<doc id="36651699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651699" title="Garlavoddu">
Garlavoddu

Garlavoddu is a hamlet village of Enkoor village gram panchyath. It is two kilometers from Enkoor headquarters. It is a notable village in Khammam district, because of the famous Hindu temple Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy. The S S M Ashramam i.e Surya Savarnika Manavu Ashram, was founded by those who founded Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy temple. This village is one of the tourist destinations in Khammam district.

</doc>
<doc id="36651704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651704" title="Evan MacDonald">
Evan MacDonald

Evan MacDonald (born July 29, 1981) is a German-born Canadian wrestler who represented Canada at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36651754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651754" title="Alavaraphidia">
Alavaraphidia

Alavaraphidia is an extinct genus of snakefly in the family Mesoraphidiidae. The genus is solely known from an Early Cretaceous, Albian age, fossil amber found in Spain. Currently, the genus comprises a single species, Alavaraphidia imperterrita.
History and classification.
"Alavaraphidia imperterrita" is known only from one fossil, the holotype, specimen number MCNA 13608. The specimen is composed of a mostly complete adult insect with the majority of the wing missing. The body is positioned so a ventral view is shown and the dorsal sides are obscured. Despite the positioning and lack of preserved wings, enough details are present to show the specimen was not from a previously described genus. The specimen is included in a small piece of amber which lacks other major inclusions. The fossil was recovered from outcrops of the Escucha Formation in Moraza, part of the Province of Burgos in Northern Spain. "Alavaraphidia" was first studied by a group of paleoentomologists led by Ricardo Pérez-de la Fuente of the University of Barcelona and including Enrique Peñalver, Xavier Delclòs, and Michael S. Engel. Their 2012 type description of the new genus and species was published in the electronic journal "ZooKeys". The genus name "Alavaraphidia" was coined by the researchers as a combination of the snakefly genus "Raphidia" and "Álava" which is in honor of the Álava amber deposits that preserved the specimen. The specific epithet "imperterrita" is from the Latin "imperterritus" meaning "fearless". The authors chose this as a reference to the unalterable nature of organisms trapped in amber. "Alavaraphidia imperterrita" is one of six described snakefly species found in the Albian deposits of Cantabria.
Description.
The lone specimen of "Alavaraphidia imperterrita" is a fairly well preserved partial adult female. Not including the ovipositor the overall body length is with a . Generally the body coloration is dark with a striped patterning on the legs. The rhomboidal head shows large compound eyes set midway along its length. There are three large ocelli placed to the rear of the head behind the compound eyes and antennae. The antennae are notably long, being composed of forty four flagellomeres which are each 1.5 times longer than they are wide. While mostly missing from the specimen, what is preserved of the wings shows they were hyaline with brown veins and very short, strong setae. The abdomen is long and sports a robust ovipositor that has dense annulations along its length. The ovipositor is approximately long, thick, sporting short, stiff, sensory setae along its length and a club-shaped gonostyli.

</doc>
<doc id="36651756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651756" title="Beth Lygoe">
Beth Lygoe

Beth Lygoe (born 17 Sep 1981) is a British born Saint Lucian sailor. She competed in Women's Laser Radial at the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships. She competed in Women's Laser Radial at the 2012 Summer Olympics finishing with a rank of 37th.

</doc>
<doc id="36651764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651764" title="Rea Vaya">
Rea Vaya

Rea Vaya (which means "we are going" in Scamto) is a bus rapid transit system operating in Johannesburg, South Africa. It opened in phases starting on 30 August 2009. Rea Vaya links the Johannesburg CBD and Braamfontein with Soweto.
As of August 2012 the following routes operate:
Trunk route:
Complementary routes:
Feeder routes in Soweto and adjacent areas:
Strike action.
As of February 2014, there have been three strikes which have disrupted service.

</doc>
<doc id="36651777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651777" title="Degraded mode">
Degraded mode

When a RAID array experiences the failure of one or more disks, it can enter degraded mode, a fallback mode that generally allows the continued usage of the array, but either loses the performance boosts of the RAID technique (such as a RAID-1 mirror across two disks when one of them fails; performance will fall back to that of a normal, single drive) or experiences severe performance penalties due to the necessity to reconstruct the damaged data from error correction data.
Depending on the severity of the problem, the array may be placed into a "read-only" mode, either automatically or by the system administrator, until it can be corrected. Such corrections may or may not be possible to do "on-line" (as opposed to an "off-line" repair, during which the system is unavailable to users). Many RAID configurations feature spare disks that are already installed and can be automatically added to the array as needed; when this happens, the array may or may not go into degraded mode until the spare is rebuilt, but in any case should not be in degraded mode after the spare is rebuilt. If no spares are available, the array will remain in degraded mode until a spare disk is added, or the array is reconfigured (if that is possible for the configuration in question).
A typical case where a RAID enters degraded mode is a simple two-drive mirror after a power failure-- it is unlikely the drives are in sync. Every time blocks are written to the storage elements (physical drives, in this case), certain accounting information is updated "after" the write. The RAID controller will notice that the storage elements are not in sync, will place the array in degraded mode, and-- generally-- will start a background resync (rebuild) operation. Simple mirroring solutions will resynchronize the entire array, block by block, across both drives, which can be quite time-consuming; this time can be greatly reduced by the usage of a write intent bitmap.

</doc>
<doc id="36651781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651781" title="Tandon Motorcycles">
Tandon Motorcycles

Tandon Motorcycles were manufactured in Watford, Hertfordshire, England, by Devdutt Tandon (1902–1980) from 1947 to 1959, initially for export to third world countries such as his native India. The simplicity of the initial Tandon design reflected the chosen export market where the two-stroke engined motorcycles were to be sent CKD (Completely Knocked Down) for assembly abroad. Indeed, it took one Tandon factory worker only eight hours to completely assemble four Tandon motorcycles. The model in question was the 122 cc Milemaster, powered like all but the last Tandons by a Villiers two-stroke engine. Tandon received great publicity when the then-Prime Minister of India, Pandit Nehru, was photographed astride a Milemaster while visiting Caxton Hall in 1948.
The export plan never materialised and the Milemaster with its modest specification lacking rear suspension, with hand gear change and fitted with a bicycle seat was marketed instead in the United Kingdom until 1952. In 1949, Tandon introduced the 122 cc Superglid featuring conventional foot gear-change and a new frame with swinging-arm rear suspension. However, the suspension itself was highly unusual with damper units being replaced by 'a bell crank linked to rubber bands for suspension and a hard rubber block for compression action, all located under the gearbox.'
Sufficient sales enabled Tandon to move to larger premises within Watford from Bushy Hall Road to Colne Way and introduce the larger-engined 197 cc Superglid Supreme. The short-lived (1951–53) but relatively popular 122 cc Kangaroo trials model boasted the attractions of significant ground clearance and light weight with a 197 cc Kangaroo Supreme also featuring conventional damper units in the swinging-arm rear suspension. A Tandon 200 cc scrambler model enjoyed success beating a factory-sponsored 500 cc BSA motorcycle (then, the largest motorcycle manufacturer in the world) in an Irish handicap race in 1956.
Replacing the Milemaster was the 122 cc Imp which sacrificed rear suspension for light weight. However, the later, larger 197 cc Imp Supreme adopted conventional rear suspension.
New roadster models with conventional rear suspension, stronger frames and bigger engines were introduced in 1954 being the 224 cc Monarch (also known as the Sprite) and, with a 242 cc British Anzani (and later 322 cc) two-stroke twin cylinder engine, the Viscount (also known as the Twin Supreme). These did not have as standard the telescopic front fork as fitted to prior Tandon models but instead boasted an Armstrong Earles-fork arrangement. These and the new 99 cc Starlett scooter could not stop Tandon Motors Limited being wound-up in 1955 by the United Kingdom Commissioner of Custom & Excise, their sales hampered by a dealer network not extending outside London. Devdutt Tandon was able however to continue manufacture of his motorcycles through his other firm Indian Commerce & Industries Limited until 1959.
Tandon motorcycles suffered from a poor reputation as regards design, materials and build quality, enjoying only limited popularity. Their simplistic approach, perhaps born out of an initial design philosophy catering for the third world market, finally was neither sold cheap enough to attract the budget market nor was of sufficient quality to challenge other similar lightweight competitor marques. Devdutt Tandon himself died in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36651786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651786" title="Gooapple">
Gooapple

The Gooapple is a look a like, clone, or knockoff of the Apple iPhone. It shares all the same qualities of the iPhone, besides running on Android 2.36 On the back, instead of showing the Apple logo, it has the Android logo with an apple in its "stomach". It has been updated to run the new Android OS Jelly Bean.

</doc>
<doc id="36651810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651810" title="Felipe Delgado">
Felipe Delgado

Felipe Delgado may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651816" title="Archdiocese of Baalbek, Ba’lbek, Eliopoli">
Archdiocese of Baalbek, Ba’lbek, Eliopoli

The Archdiocese of Baalbek / Ba’lbek / Eliopoli is a Melkite Greek diocese of Lebanon. It was established as a Diocese in 1701 under the leadership of Bishop Agapitos Malouf, and was promoted to an Archdiocese on 18 November 1968 under Archbishop Joseph Malouf. The Archdiocese is currently headed by Archbishop Elias Rahal, M.S.P.
Diocese Events.
The Archdiocese of Baalbek has an Event Calendar that you can view here. 
This calendar can also be integrated on parish websites. For instructions on how to do this click here. To see examples of dioceses and parishes already using this feature click here.

</doc>
<doc id="36651830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651830" title="Moment's Notice">
Moment's Notice

"Moment's Notice" is a "classic" jazz standard composed by John Coltrane. The song was featured on Coltrane's noted 1957 recording "Blue Train".
History.
Coltrane never recorded "Moment's Notice" after the version on "Blue Train". But other soloists have treated it as a standard, particularly since the 1970s. It has been recorded by such artists as McCoy Tyner (on "Supertrios" 1977), Harry Connick, Jr, Dexter Gordon (on "Manhattan Symphonie" 1978), George Coleman (on "Playing Changes" 1979), Fred Hersch (on "Fred Hersch trio plays..." 1994), Mark Turner (on "Yam Yam" 1994), Arturo Sandoval (on "Swingin`" 1996), US Navy Commodores Jazz Ensemble (on "Sessions on M Street S.E." 1998) and Billy Hart (on "Quartet" 2005).
Style.
"Moment's Notice" foreshadowed Coltrane's later style, containing "unusual and quick-moving harmonic twists", according to Martin and Waters.

</doc>
<doc id="36651839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651839" title="Daniel Buballa">
Daniel Buballa

Daniel Buballa (born 11 May 1990) is a footballer who plays as a defender for FC St. Pauli in the 2. Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36651843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651843" title="Robert Kirk">
Robert Kirk

Robert Kirk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651847" title="Landesgymnasium für Hochbegabte Schwäbisch Gmünd">
Landesgymnasium für Hochbegabte Schwäbisch Gmünd

The Landesgymnasium für Hochbegabte (German for "Federal School for the Highly Gifted") in Schwäbisch Gmünd is a co-educational public Boarding school for highly gifted students founded by the state of Baden-Württemberg. It is the first and sole school of this kind in this state. The Landesgymansium für Hochbegabte is a publicly funded school in Germany for highly gifted students, similar to the Landesschule Pforta in Saxony-Anhalt, the Landesgymnasium St. Afra in Saxony and Internatsschule Schloss Hansenberg in Hesse. It is funded by the city of Schwäbisch Gmünd, the district Ostalbkreis and the state of Baden-Württemberg. Its stated aim is the promotion of the intellectual and social development of its students.
Location.
The Landesgymnasium's campus is situated at the "University park" in the east of Schwäbisch Gmünd. During the 20th century it was used as barracks initially by the German Army ("Bismarck Kaserne") and then after WWII as a US military base with nuclear Pershing II missiles stationed nearby which were eliminated in 1990. In 1992, the US forces withdrew and the campus was used as a spin-out of the University of Maryland University College until 2002. School building, boarding houses and teachers' flats are situated in the recently renovated barracks while the canteen and a gym were newly built on the former parade ground.
Conception.
The boarding school started in the school year 2004/05 with one class, which never comprises more than 24 students, in both years 7 and 10. It expanded during the following years so that from the school year 2012/13 there are two classes per year. Thus the school has about 250 students of which around 200 are boarders.
General Principle.
The Landesgymnasium für Hochbegabte is dedicated to facilitate the positive development of its highly gifted students' talents and aptitudes. It is guided by the motto of William Stern, the psychologist who coined the term intelligence quotient:
With this maxim, the Landesgymnasiums' students shall pledge themself to their talents and the associated demand to contribute to the formation of a "responsibility elite" (germ. 'Verantwortungselite'). Not only the intellecutal capacity is to be supported; the school puts also high emphasis on the holistic personal development of its students. For this reason, besides the accelerated and enriched classes, the 'Fudamentum:, the school offers a wide variety of extra-curricular activities, the so-called Addita.
By means of the comparably important role the student council are given, in the form of 'student parliament', 'constitution council' and the president of the student council, the students shall have the opportunity to witness and to co-create democratic processes, early.
The Campus Model.
School and College constitute one pedagogical union. Until the end of the school year 2007/08, attending the college (living in the boarding houses not at home) was obligatory. Then, however, this compulsion was nullified by the council of ministers. Since school year 2008/09, every class of 24 students consists of a maximum of four external students, who live nearby and participate nevertheless in the campus life.
The students life in the boarding houses which are divided into middle (years 7-10) and upper school (year 11-12) and boys and girls in living groups. Every group is looked after by a teacher as a mentor. The Landesgymnasium's teacher thus have a pedagogical double function: On the one hand they teach their subjects, on the other they advise, accompany and guide the students as mentors in the school and college which is why the teachers mostly live directly on campus.
With increasing age, self-organisation attains more and more importance for the students. The more responsible-minded they are, the greater are the areas of freedom which are conceded by the school and college. Thereby, the Landesgymnasium offers important opportunities to live democratic forms of cohabitation and the acceptance of responsibility.
Admissions.
The admission is highly competitive and comprises three stages which must be completed successfully. Firstly, a statement by each the student and his parents has to explain motivation and background of the application. Secondly, the tested IQ must be about 130 or above. Lastly, those applicants who master the first steps are invited to spend two days living in the boarding houses and to work together in groups on different projects which assess both intellectual potential and social competence. The headteachers and the psychologists then choose a harmonic class on the basis of the gathered information. Applicants who are successful are admitted for half a year on probation. Every year a class in year 7 and another year is admitted plus some lateral entrants who fill empty places.
Teaching.
For years 7 to 10, the school year is divided into trimesters, the upper school years are by law divided into semesters.
Concerning teaching there are some major differences to ordinary German Gymnasiums. In foreign languages and mathematics from year 7 to 10, lessons are divided into different sets that can be attended by the students according to ability not to age. Thus it is possible for a year 8 student to study mathematics on the level of year 10, English on the level of year 9 and French on the level of year 8.
If a student is so excellent in a subject that even the highest set is not demanding, he can decide, together with his teacher, his mentor and his parents, that to conclude a 'learning treaty': The student is dispensed from classes in this subject but pledges to acquire the curriculum autodidactically in addition to further studies in the field. A student can even partially study at university.
Regularly, students participate successfully at national and international competitions such as World Schools Debating Championships, International Physics Olympiad, International Junior Science Olympiad, Jugend forscht, Jugend musiziert, TSA.
Addita.
Addita are extra-curricular activities which represent an integral part of the Landesgymnasium's conception. In this part of the school life students have both the opportunity to get new inspirations as well as intensifying their knowledge in areas of special interest.
The Addita are divided into five different categories from which students are obliged to choose at least two athletic, one creative and two intellectual ones.
Addita can be conducted by teachers as well as students who have a high proficiency in a field.
Fees.
The Landesgymnasium für Hochbegabte is a public Gymnasium, thus attendance of school is free of charge. However, there are costs for board and lodging which amount to around 500 € per month. Support for families in financial hardship is ensured by the state (BAföG), so that no one is excluded for financial reasons.
Center of Competence for the Promotion of the Highly Gifted.
The Center of Competence is a division of the Landesgymnasium which consists of several psychologists and fulfills internal and external tasks. It is both involved in admitting and counselling students as well as providing further education for the teachers and Surveys in the school. Furthermore, it is a state-wide contact point for questions concerning the promotion of highly gifted.
Besides, the Center of Competence is a test center for a variety of university admissions tests such as ACT, TSA Test and many more.
Student Research Center.
In 2007, the Student Research Center was inaugurated which enables students from the Landesgymnasium as well as from the other Gymnasiums of Schwäbisch Gmünd to conduct first research work, for example in a laboratorium accredited for Genetic Engineering.
Alumni.
In July 2009, the "Alumni Association of the Landesgymnasium für Hochbegabte" was founded. Its aim is exchange of experience, practical and ideational support of the school and maintaining contact.

</doc>
<doc id="36651848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651848" title="Nuestra Belleza Chiapas 2012">
Nuestra Belleza Chiapas 2012

Nuestra Belleza Chiapas 2012, was held in Tuxtla Gutiérrez, Chiapas on July 26, 2012. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Karla Franyutti of Las Rosas was crowned the winner. Franyutti was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Chiapas titleholder Krystell Padilla. Six contestants competed for the crown.
Notes.
This Contestants withdrew of the contest for unknown reasons:
! Hometown !! Contestant !! Age !! Height

</doc>
<doc id="36651850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651850" title="Nobuteru Mori">
Nobuteru Mori

Nobuteru Mori was a Japan businessman and politician who founded Showa Denko, a leading Japanese chemical engineering firm, in the 1930s. He was also a member of the Japanese House of Representatives.
Mori was the father of Mutsuko Miki, an activist and former First Lady, and the father-in-law of former Japanese Prime Minister Takeo Miki.

</doc>
<doc id="36651854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651854" title="Strungout on Jargon">
Strungout on Jargon

Strungout on Jargon is the debut album of post-punk band Death of Samantha, released in 1986 on Homestead Records.
Release and reception.
Glenn Kenny of "Trouser Press" felt that Death of Samantha showed promise despite sounding too similar to other alternative groups of the era.

</doc>
<doc id="36651868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651868" title="Ludwig Erdwin Seyler">
Ludwig Erdwin Seyler

Ludwig Erdwin Seyler (15 May 1758 – 26 October 1836; also "Ludewig" and "Edwin", known as "Ludwig E. Seyler" or "L.E. Seyler") was a German merchant, banker and grand burgher of Hamburg, a co-owner (from 1788) and head (from 1790) of the Hamburg firm Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. (commonly known as Berenberg Bank) and a member of the Hanseatic Berenberg-Gossler-Seyler banking dynasty. Seyler was one of the first German merchants and bankers to establish trade relations with the United States and East Asia.
Married to Anna Henriette Gossler, he was the son-in-law of Johann Hinrich Gossler and Elisabeth Berenberg. He was President of the Commerz-Deputation (with the Hamburg Stock Exchange) 1817–18 (a member from 1813), and "ex officio" a member of the "Erbgesessene Bürgerschaft" (Parliament). During the 1806–1814 French occupation under Napoleon, he was one of a number of prominent Hamburg citizens initially taken hostage by the French, and as Hamburg was annexed into the Bouches-de-l'Elbe département of the First French Empire, he was appointed a judge on the Commercial Court ("tribunal de commerce") along with Jacob Amsel Oppenheimer and other leading bankers and merchants.
Descended from the Merian, Burckhardt and Faesch patrician families of Basel, he was the son of the famous Swiss-born merchant turned theatre director Abel Seyler—"the leading patron of German theatre"—and the stepson of Sophie Seyler, Germany's leading actress of the late 18th century and the author of "Hüon und Amande", the inspiration for the libretto of "The Magic Flute". He grew up with his uncle, the natural scientist and court pharmacist J.G.R. Andreae in Hanover. His sister Sophie Seyler was the wife of poet Johann Anton Leisewitz, the author of "Julius von Tarent". His brother-in-law on his wife's side was Senator Johann Heinrich Gossler, a partner at Berenberg Bank from 1798. He was the uncle of Hamburg head of state Hermann Gossler.
Biography.
He started as an apprentice in the Berenberg firm in 1775, at 17. On 20 May 1788, he married Anna Henriette Gossler (1771–1836), a member of the Hanseatic Berenberg/Gossler family. She was the eldest daughter of the firm's owner, Johann Hinrich Gossler (1738–90) and Elisabeth Berenberg (1749–1822), the only heir of the Flemish-origined Berenberg banking family that established the firm in 1590. Johann Hinrich Gossler had himself married the only daughter of banker Johann Berenberg (1718–1772) and thus become a partner and eventually the sole owner of the firm. In 1788, Gossler took on his son-in-law as the new partner, and following his death in 1790, Seyler became head of the firm. At the same time, his mother-in-law Elisabeth Gossler née Berenberg became a partner in her own right and managed the firm together with Seyler until 1800. In 1798, his brother-in-law Johann Heinrich Gossler (II) (a Hamburg senator from 1821) also joined the company as a partner. Seyler was President of the Commerz-Deputation (including the Hamburg Stock Exchange) (May 1817 to July 1818), a position previously held by several members of the Berenberg family.
Ludwig Seyler was the son of Swiss-born Hamburg merchant and theatre director Abel Seyler, "the leading patron of German theatre" in his lifetime, and Sophie Elisabeth Andreae (1730–1764), a daughter of the wealthy Hanover court pharmacist Leopold Andreae (1686–1730), owner of the Andreae Pharmacy (Andreae & Co.). His paternal grandparents were Abel Seyler (Seiler) (the elder) (died 1767), who was parish priest in Munzach in Liesthal, Basel, from 1714 to 1763, and Anna Cath. Burckhardt (1694–1773), who belonged to the Basel patrician Burckhardt family. After his mother died in 1764, his father remarried in 1772 to Friederike Sophie Seyler, one of Germany's leading actresses of the 18th century and the author of "Hüon und Amande" that was a major inspiration for "The Magic Flute".
He grew up in Hanover with his uncle, J.G.R. Andreae, the Hanover court pharmacist and a noted natural scientist of the Age of Enlightenment, who was a friend of Benjamin Franklin. His sister Sophie was married (1781) to their distant relative, poet Johann Anton Leisewitz.
His wife was the sister of Hamburg senator and banker Johann Heinrich Gossler II (1775-1842) and the aunt of Hamburg senator and First Mayor (head of state) Hermann Gossler (1802–1877).
Ludwig Seyler and Anna Henriette Gossler were the parents of
Ludwig Erdwin Amsinck (1826–1897), a son of his niece Emilie Amsinck née Gossler and business magnate Johannes Amsinck, was named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="36651872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651872" title="Sascha Traut">
Sascha Traut

Sascha Traut (born 21 May 1985) is a footballer who plays as a right midfielder for VfR Aalen in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga. In July 2014, he will return to 2. Bundesliga side Karlsruher SC.
Career.
On 24 Juni 2009, he moved for free to SV Wacker Burghausen.
On 31 August 2010, he was signed by VfR Aalen.
On 6 May 2014, he signed a two-year contract to return to his old club Karlsruher SC.
Honours.
Club.
Winner
Runner-up

</doc>
<doc id="36651880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651880" title="Hiromi Kobayashi">
Hiromi Kobayashi

Hiromi Kobayashi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651917" title="Hiroshi Ishii">
Hiroshi Ishii

Hiroshi Ishii may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36651927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651927" title="Chu Hoàng Diệu Linh">
Chu Hoàng Diệu Linh

Chu Hoàng Diệu Linh (born 1994) is a female Vietnamese Taekwondo practitionner competing for Vietnam at the Summer Olympics 2012 in London in the -67 kg category,
after winning a silver medal at the Asian Qualification Tournament. She was a gold medalist in her native country in 2010, and later earned a bronze medal at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36651964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651964" title="Landesgymnasium">
Landesgymnasium

The following schools have the name Landesgymnasium:

</doc>
<doc id="36651978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651978" title="Modern Day Prodigal Son">
Modern Day Prodigal Son

Modern Day Prodigal Son is the first studio album from country singer Brantley Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="36651998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651998" title="Ankur Bhatia">
Ankur Bhatia

Ankur Bhatia (born 24 May 1980) is an Indian actor and model. He grew up in Bhopal, India and currently resides in New York. His film debut came in 2010 in Payal Sethi's "Grant St. Shaving Co." which was produced by Mira Nair. In 2012, he won the Best Actor Commendation Award at the NYU Tisch School of the Arts Film Festival for "Coconut Grove". In 2013, Ankur will be seen playing a negative role in a Bollywood/Tollywood film "Zanjeer (2013 film)"/"Toofan", remake of "Zanjeer".
Early life.
Ankur Bhatia was born on 24 May 1980 to parents Sateesh Bhatia and Kiran in Bhopal, India. He moved to USA to pursue a Master's degree in Mathematics and worked as an Actuary for top tier consulting firms. He changed his path to Acting as he wanted to become an actor from a very young age. Ankur attended the New York Film Academy to learn Film making and Acting.
Acting career.
Ankur Bhatia's film debut came in 2010 in Payal Sethi's "Grant St. Shaving Co." which was produced by Mira Nair. The film was selected in over 10 film festivals worldwide, including Cannes Film Festival Short film Corner in France and River to River. Florence Indian Film Festival in Italy. It won best film awards in River to River. Florence Indian Film Festival, Smalls Film Festival, London and Mexico International Film Festival, California.
In 2012, he won the Best Actor Commendation Award at the NYU Tisch School of the Arts Film Festival for the movie "Coconut Grove", where he plays a funny, street-smart waiter. Ankur recently finished shooting an untitled film based on insider trading, inspired by Galleon Group Scandal involving South Asian bankers and consultants in New York. The film also stars Poorna Jagannathan.
In 2013, Ankur Bhatia will be seen playing a negative role in a remake of 1973 Bollywood film Zanjeer, directed by Apoorva Lakhia in Hindi and Telugu.

</doc>
<doc id="36651999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36651999" title="Stewartville, Guyana">
Stewartville, Guyana

Stewartville is a village district in Guyana on the Atlantic coast of West Demerara, just east of the mouth of the Essequibo River.
There are four sections in the village: Stewartville Housing Scheme, Sarah Lodge, Stewartville Old Road and Stewartville Sea View.
Community.
Stewartville is about west of Vreed en Hoop, and is separated from the neighbouring community of Leonora by a trench.
The community of Uitvlugt is immediately to its west.
The village is populated by various ethnic groups.
With the abolition of slavery throughout the British Empire in 1834, freedmen began making group and individual purchase of land in the village.
By the 1860s many Africans had settled in the Creole village of Stewartville and were working on the West Coast Demerara estates. There is a record of four Sierre Leonians in 1874 petitioning from Stewartville for a grant of crown land to cultivate rice on Hog Island, Essequibo.
Later, estate workers originally from South India came to the coast and introduced their own traditions.
The Indians mostly settled in areas between the Afro-Guyanese villages.
A mosque was built in Stewartville around 1911. 
At times, in the 1970s, there were violent clashes between the ethnic groups.
As of 2011 the village had a population of about 2,500.
Climate.
Temperature is fairly steady throughout the year at between and .
There are two wet seasons in May–July and in December–January. Average monthly rainfall ranges from in September to in June, with about annually.
Infrastructure.
Stewartville has a secondary school, serving other communities in the region.
The Unserved Areas Electricity Programme brought electricity to the community in 2005-2006.
The school road at Stewartville was rehabilitated in 2009, but the job was done by an inexperienced contractor and was poor quality. 
In less than six months, potholes were starting to appear.
In August 2011 it was announced that funding was being provided to upgrade roads in the area, including regrading the roads, road sides and drains, with 32,000 people expected to benefit directly.
In February 2012 residents of Sarah Lodge were complaining that road works had started two months before and then stalled, and the unfinished construction was blocking the main road and causing serious flooding.
Erosion of the shore has long been a problem. In 1918 it was reported that repairs to the sea wall were needed.
Excessively high tides on 16–17 October 2005 caused breaches of the sea defenses on West Coast Demerara.
In November the government announced it had approved contracts for emergency repairs.
$102M was to be spent on obtaining and laying boulders along the sea defense line at Stewartville and Leonora. 
The work was being funded from a 38.9 Euro grant agreement under the Eighth European Development Fund.
In December 2009 a high spring tide caused waves that over-topped the sea wall and flooded several yards in Stewartville Sea View. No drainage system had been installed since the 2006 flooding. The wall was damaged near to the point where the flooding occurred.
In October 2010 the contractor working on a project to repair the sea defenses recommended using riprap construction as an alternative to building wave walls. With riprap construction, loose boulders absorb the force of the waves. Unlike wave walls, which tend to be undermined, crack and require expensive repair, riprap defenses need little maintenance. However, they are slightly more expensive to build. 
In October 2011 it was announced that the EU-funded program to reconstruct or rehabilitate about of sea defenses would not be completed by its month-end deadline. A new date of February 2012 was proposed.
The contractor had run into difficulties that included design changes, heavy rains and delays in accessing duty-free materials.
Other events.
During the 2006 general elections the PPP/C held a "Grand Victory Rally" at Stewartville before the election was held.
Speaking at the rally to an audience made up mostly of sugar workers and rice farmers, President Bharrat Jagdeo outlined a $500B development plan for the next five years.
The PPP/C held another massive rally at Stewartville in November 2011 during the Guyanese general election, 2011.
President Bharrat Jagdeo again spoke at the event.
In October 2010 a boat carrying drinks and other products from the Banks DIH company to the Essequibo Coast developed leaks and had to be grounded on the Stewartville foreshore. Mud had got into the pump, which would not start, and the engine room flooded. After the tide receded, the boat leaned to one side. Some boxes fell off and were taken away by Stewartville residents.
That night, dozens of people climbed onto the boat, taking soft drinks and alcoholic drinks, as well as other products such as biscuits and bottled water. The looting was thorough, including draining the fuel from the boat's tanks. Some started drinking while they were looting. One man, apparently drunk, fell into the water and drowned between the boat and the sea wall.
In March 2011 a fire broke out in Stewartville. A fire tender was quickly dispatched from Leonora Fire Station, and used the water in the tender to stop the fire from spreading. When the firefighters attempted to get more water from the nearby canal, it turned out to be full of silt and debris, which damaged the pump.
Residents said the Neighbourhood Democratic Council (NDC) had been failing to maintain the canals. According to one resident, "All the trenches in Stewartville dem a condemn and it turning into little drains. Dem just got a couple men pulling the grass on the parapet and the drains keep getting smaller all the time; they are not digging the drains! Whenever you complain the NDC dem a vex with you."
In December 2011 a young man and woman on a motorbike were a few minutes from Sarah Lodge in Stewartville when they hit a cow standing in a dark part of the road.
The two had to be taken to Leonora Cottage Hospital to have their injuries treated.
The presence of cows wandering on the roads was apparently not unusual.
Notable people.
Allan Carlyle Miller was born in Stewartville Village on 19 September 1898.
After training in the southern United States as a doctor and a Baptist minister, 
he returned to Guyana and established the Guyana Missionary Baptist Church Lott-Carey.
The well-known artist Donald Locke was born here in 1930.
Locke started to study painting under E. R. Burrowes in the Working People's Art Class in Georgetown in 1947. In 1979 he moved to the United States, 
dying in Atlanta Georgia in December 2010.
In 1973, Stewartville was home to Diana Amelia Barrow, who was 107 years old. She was the mother of six children, two of whom had died, and had 23 grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="36652026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36652026" title="1996 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships">
1996 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships

The 1996 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place between March 1 and March 3, 1996 in The Hague, Netherlands. The World Championships are organised by the ISU which also run world cups and championships in speed skating and figure skating.

</doc>
