<doc id="36819191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819191" title="Bahá'í Faith in France">
Bahá'í Faith in France

The Bahá'í Faith in France started after French citizens observed and studied the religion in its native Persia in the 19th century. Following the introduction of followers of the religion shortly before 1900 the community grew and was assisted by `Abdu'l-Bahá's trip to France in 1911 and 1912. After growth and tribulation the community established its National Assembly in 1958. The community has been reviewed a number of times by researchers. According to the 2005 Association of Religion Data Archives data there are close to some 4,400 Bahá'ís in France and the French government is among those who have been alarmed at the treatment of Bahá'ís in modern Iran.
Early days.
Before 1900.
A French agent working in Persia reported briefly on the Bábís, a predecessor religion to the Bahá'í Faith, in the 1840s after it originated in 1844.
Though in no way espousing his beliefs, Bahá'ís know Arthur de Gobineau as the person who obtained the only complete manuscript of the early history of the Bábí religious movement of Persia, written by Haji Mírzá Jân of Kashan, who was put to death by the Persian authorities about 1852. The manuscript now is in the Bibliothèque Nationale at Paris. He is also known to students of the Bábí Faith for having written the first and most influential account of the movement, displaying a fairly accurate knowledge of its history in "Religions et philosophies dans l'Asie centrale". An addendum to that work is a bad translation of the Báb's Bayan al-'Arabi, the first Bábí text to be translated into a European language.
Bahá'u'lláh, founder of the Bahá'í Faith in the 19th century, addressed a number of items to French officials or in circumstances related to France from circa the 1870s. There were two Tablets to Emperor Napoleon III incorporated into major works of the literature of the Bahá'í Faith: the Súriy-i-Mulúk and the Kitáb-i-Aqdas. In the first it said the sincerity of the Emperor's claims on behalf of the oppressed and the helpless were tested. In the second he prophesies that, failing that sincerity, his kingdom would be "thrown into confusion", the "empire shall pass" from him and the people experience great "commotions". Bahá'u'lláh also criticizes the French Ambassador in Constantinople for having conspired with the Persian Ambassador saying he has neglected the exhortations of Jesus Christ as recorded in the Gospels and advises him, and those like him, to be just and not to follow the promptings of the evil within their own selves. Another tablet – the Tablet of Fu'ad – was written soon after the death of Fu'ád Páshá in Nice. The Pasha was the foreign minister of the Sultan and a faithful accomplice of the Prime Minister in bringing about the exile of Bahá'ú'lláh to 'Akka then in Palestine.
However, Bahá'u'lláh's tablets had little attention if any in France itself. Instead the French were still occupied much more with the Báb's dramatic life and the persecution his religion and life were subject to. French writer Henri Antoine Jules-Bois says that: "among the littérateurs of my generation, in the Paris of 1890, the martyrdom of the Báb was still as fresh a topic as had been the first news of his death. We wrote poems about him. Sarah Bernhardt entreated Catulle Mendès for a play on the theme of this historic tragedy." The French writer A. de Saint-Quentin also mentioned the religion in a book published in 1891. For all the attention, little penetrated to understanding the religion itself.
In late 1894 May Bolles (later Maxwell) moved to Paris with her mother and brother, who was to attend the École des Beaux-Arts, May’s mother hoped the change from living in America would help May find a happy life, however she continued through periods of deep depression and insomnia and even considered entering a convent. In 1897 May lost both her grandmother and cousin whom she was very close to. At age 27, May became obsessed with mortality and became bedridden leading to many of her family members believing she was going to die. In November 1898 family friend Phoebe Hearst, with Lua Getsinger and others, stopped off at Paris. Hearst was shocked to see 28-year-old May bedridden with the chronic malady which had afflicted her. She invited May to sojourn to the East with her, believing the change of air to be conducive to her health. Getsinger also disclosed to May the purpose of the journey: a pilgrimage to visit the then head of the Bahá’í Faith: `Abdu'l-Bahá. The arrived in early December. Transformed by the trip in just a few days, May returned to Paris about late-December where she stayed for some time, at the request of `Abdu'l-Bahá, living as a confirmed Bahá'í and began teaching her new faith.
1898 is considered as the first presence of the religion in France and the beginnings of the first Bahá'í community in Europe. That is also the year the French Encyclopaedia of Larousse, contained an entry on the Bábí religion.
From 1900 to World War I.
About 1900 Frenchman Hippolyte Dreyfus and American Laura Clifford Barney learned of the religion in Paris from Bolles. Dreyfus would be the first French Bahá'í and the couple would marry a decade later.
Barney went to Egypt in the spring of 1901 to see `Abdu'l-Bahá and returned with Mírzá Abu'l-Fadl Gulpáygání, one of the most erudite scholars of the religion, to Paris, where Anton Haddad translated for him. Paris was at this time the most important Bahá'í community in Europe and many were becoming Bahá'ís who in later years would be famous in the religion. During Gulpaygani's time there, more than thirty became Bahá'ís. From Paris Gulpaygani went to America in the autumn of 1901.
At almost the same time Englishman Thomas Breakwell was also taught the religion by Bolles in the summer of 1901 in Paris. At the request of `Abdu'l-Bahá, Breakwell also took up permanent residence in Paris, where he worked enthusiastically to teach the religion and help develop the first Paris Bahá’í community. Breakwell regularly corresponded with `Abdu’l-Bahá‘s secretary and translator Yúnis Khán and was the first western Bahá’í to give the Huqúqu’lláh, a voluntary payment based on any wealth in excess of what is necessary to live comfortably. Breakwell died of tuberculosis on 13 June 1902, barely a year after joining the religion though his father followed him into the religion.
After learning of the Bahá'í Faith in Washington DC near 1898 Juliet Thompson traveled to Paris at the invitation of Barney's mother. Later in 1901 in Paris she met Breakwell who gave her Gobineau's description in French of the Execution of the Báb which confirmed her faith. Turn of the century Paris is also where Charles Mason Remey first met Thompson when she was taking classes on the religion from Gulpáygání.
Bolles also introduced the religion to French-American Edith MacKaye who then moved from Paris to Sion, Switzerland in 1903 as the first Bahá'í to live in that country. Bolles would later leave France, being married in London and moved to Canada.
In 1903 Dreyfus went with Lua Getsinger and Edith Sanderson to see `Abdu'l-Bahá. Over following decades Dreyfus would translate many Bahá'í writings and serve in delegations to the Shah of Persia protesting the treatment of Bahá'ís.
Modern Iranian government allegations against Bahá'ís claim the early 20th century French Ambassador confessed that the Bahá'í Faith was a tool of colonial expansion. Bahá'í sources indicate that the French Ambassador in Tehran, greatly impressed by the teachings of the religion and by their affect upon the people who embraced them, suggested that Bahá'ís might go to Tunisia and teach their religion there. But it was Dreyfus that sought out permission from the French authorities for the religion to be promulgated in Tunisia. Indeed the Bahá‘í Faith has never been associated with a fortification of colonial occupation or Euro-American assimilation – a stance supported by anthropologist Alice Beck Kehoe, a well known researcher of Native Americans, who observed that the Bahá‘í Faith is considered by its members to be a universal faith, not tied to any one particular culture, religious background, language, or even its country of origin. This has been examined in issues related to Native Americans, Latin Americans and sub-Saharan Africans affirming this approach in Bahá'í activities.
Among the translations done by Dreyfus of Bahá'u'lláh's works are the Kitab-i-Iqan, The Hidden Words and Epistle to the Son of the Wolf. Over the same period A.L.M. Nicholas was inspired to study the Bábí Faith because of Gobineau though Nicholas was critical of his work and even reached to the point of calling himself a Bábí. Nicholas translated several Bábí volumes – Persian Bayán, Arabic Bayán, and the Dalá'il-i-Sab'ih and ultimately he believed Subh-i-Azal was the rightful successor of the Bábí Faith, being deeply hurt at what he felt the Bahá'ís showed towards the Báb making him but the insignificant forerunner, the John the Baptist, of Bahá'u'lláh. On learning with clarity of the independent status as a greater prophet acknowledged for the Báb late in his life he wrote:
I do not know how to thank you nor how to express the joy that floods my heart. So it is necessary not only to admit but to love and admire the Báb. Poor great Prophet, born in the heart of Persia, without any means of instruction, and who, alone in the world, encircled by enemies, succeeds by the force of his genius in creating a universal and wise religion. That Bahá'u'lláh succeeded Him eventually may be, but I want people to admire the sublimity of the Báb, who has, moreover, paid with his life, with his blood, for the reforms he preached. Cite me another similar example. At last, I can die in peace. Glory be to Shoghi Effendi who has calmed my torment and my anxieties, glory be to him who recognizes the worth of Siyyid 'Alí-Muhammad, the Báb. I am so happy that I kiss your hands that have written my address on the envelope which carried Shoghi's message. Thank you, Mademoiselle; thank you from the depths of my heart.
Barney and Dreyfus worked together on the editing and translation of Some Answered Questions. In 1905–06 Barney visited Persia, the Caucasus, and Russia with Dreyfus. She also wrote a play "God's Heroes"in 1910 depicting the story of Tahirih named as a Letter of the Living who has been compared with Joan of Arc in the changes which they came to release by virtue of their examples. Barney and Dreyfyus married in April 1911, when they both adopted the surname Dreyfus-Barney.
Extending the previous work in the Encyclopaedia of Larousse the Bahá'í Faith was entered into the supplement published in 1906.
Circa 1900–1908 Marion Jack, who would go on to be well known for her work in promulgating the religion, learned of the religion in Paris from Mason Remey when she was a student studying painting and architecture.
A decade after they met at Bolles' home, between the journeys of `Abdu'l-Bahá to France, Laura and Hippolyte married, mutually hyphenated their last names, and continued to serve the religion.
The French Bahá'ís were noted as contributing to the North American Bahá'í House of Worship even after facing the January 1910 Great Flood of Paris.
`Abdu'l-Bahá's journeys in France.
Various memoirs cover the travels of `Abdu'l-Bahá including in France.
First.
The first European trip after leaving Acre Palestine spanned from August to December 1911, at which time he returned to Egypt for the winter. The purpose of these trips was to support the Bahá'í communities in the West and to further spread his father's teachings.
When `Abdu'l-Bahá arrived in Marseille, he was greeted by Dreyfus. Dreyfus accompanied `Abdu'l-Bahá to Thonon-les-Bains on Lake Geneva that straddles France and Switzerland.
`Abdu'l-Bahá stayed in France for a few days before going to Vevey in Switzerland. While in Thonon-les-Bains, `Abdu'l-Bahá met Mass'oud Mirza Zell-e Soltan, who had asked to meet `Abdu'l-Bahá. Soltan, who had ordered the execution of King and Beloved of martyrs, was the eldest grandson of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar who had ordered the Execution of the Báb himself. Juliet Thompson, an American Bahá'í who had also come to visit `Abdu'l-Bahá while still in this early phase of his journeys, recorded comments of Dreyfus who heard Soltan's stammering apology for past wrongs. `Abdu'l-Bahá embraced him and invited his sons to lunch. Thus Bahram Mírzá Sardar Mass'oud and Akbar Mass’oud, another grandson of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar, met with the Bahá'ís, and apparently Akbar Mass’oud was greatly affected by meeting `Abdu'l-Bahá. From then he went to Great Britain.
On return from Great Britain `Abdu'l-Bahá stayed in Paris for nine weeks, during which time he stayed at a residence at 4 Avenue de Camoens, and during his time there he was helped by Dreyfus, Barney, and Lady Blomfield who had come from London. `Abdu'l-Bahá's first talk in Paris was on 16 October, and later that same day guests gathered in a poor quarter outside Paris at a home for orphans by Mr and Mrs. Ponsonaille which was much praised by `Abdu'l-Bahá.
From almost every day from 16 Oct to 26 Nov he gave talks. On a few of the days, he gave more than one talk. The book Paris Talks, part I, records transcripts of `Abdu'l-Bahá's talks while he was in Paris for the first time. The substance of the volume is from notes of Lady Blomfield, her two daughters and a friend. While most of his talks were held at his residence, he also gave talks at the Theosophical Society headquarters, at L'Alliance Spiritaliste, and on 26 Nov he spoke at Charles Wagner's church "Foyer de l-Ame". He also met with various people including Muhammad ibn `Abdu'l-Vahhad-i Qazvini and Seyyed Hasan Taqizadeh. It was during one of the meetings with Taqizadeh that `Abdu'l-Bahá personally first spoke on a telephone. From France he traveled through continental Europe until he returned to France and on 2 December 1911 he left France for Egypt for the winter.
He later remarked that he had visited the Senate chamber of the Parliament but "did not like their system at all, … there was a turmoil, … two of them got up and had a fight. …This is a fiasco! …Call it a play and not the Parliament."
Second.
`Abdu'l-Bahá arrived in Paris as part of the second journey on 22 January 1913; the visit would last for a couple months. During his stay in the city he continued his public talks, as well as with meeting Bahá'ís, including locals, those from Germany, and those who had come from the East specifically to meet with him. During this stay in Paris, `Abdu'l-Bahá's stayed at an apartment at 30 Rue St Didier which was rented for him by (the now married) Hippolyte Dreyfus-Barney.
Some of the notables that `Abdu'l-Bahá met while in Paris include the Persian minister in Paris, several prominent Ottomans from the previous regime, professor 'Inayatu'llah Khan, and British Orientalist E.G. Browne. He also gave a talk on the evening of the 12th to the Esperantists, and on the next evening gave a talk to the Theosophists at the Hotel Moderne. He had met with a group of professors and theological students at Pasteur Henri Monneir's Theological Seminary; Pasteur Monnier was a distinguished Protestant theologian, vice-president of the Protestant Federation of France and professor of Protestant theology in Paris.
Tablets of the Divine Plan.
Later `Abdu'l-Bahá wrote a series of letters, or tablets, to the followers of the religion in the United States in 1916–1917 suggesting Bahá'ís take the religion to many lands, including these. These letters were compiled in the book titled Tablets of the Divine Plan, but its publication was delayed owing to World War I and the Spanish flu pandemic. They were translated and published in Star of the West magazine on 12 December 1919. One tablet says in part:
"In brief, this world-consuming war has set such a conflagration to the hearts that no word can describe it. In all the countries of the world the longing for universal peace is taking possession of the consciousness of men. There is not a soul who does not yearn for concord and peace. A most wonderful state of receptivity is being realized.… Therefore, O ye believers of God! Show ye an effort and after this war spread ye the synopsis of the divine teachings in the British Isles, France, Germany, Austria-Hungary, Russia, Italy, Spain, Belgium, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Holland, Portugal, Rumania, Serbia, Montenegro, Bulgaria, Greece, Andorra, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Monaco, San Marino, Balearic Isles, Corsica, Sardinia, Sicily, Crete, Malta, Iceland, Faroe Islands, Shetland Islands, Hebrides and Orkney Islands. "
Development and trials.
Period around the World Wars.
Agnes Alexander, who had been through Paris October 1900 but encountered the religion elsewhere, was back near France as World War I broke. She was in Europe seeking passage to Japan because of directions from `Abdu'l-Bahá. She found opportunity as she passed through France riding in a third class coach with two wounded soldiers and arriving safely at Marseilles substituting on a ticket of a German woman. Curtis Kelsey and Richard St. Barbe Baker were or would become Bahá'ís who served in France during the First World War. Edna M. True, a Bahá'í since 1903 and daughter of (later named Hand of the Cause) Corinne True, was a member of the Smith College Relief Unit serving in France ministering to the needs of U.S. servicemen.
In 1928 the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly of Paris was elected. That winter Hippolyte Drefus-Barney died. The funeral services included Mountfort Mills as a representative of the National Spiritual Assembly of the United States and conveyed that local assemblies in the US were holding memorial services for him. In 1929–30 the first annual conference of "Bahá'í Students in Paris" was held. In 1931 a Frenchman Gaston Hesse is noted as a staff editor of volume IV of the annual Bahá'í World periodical and a number of Persian students traveled to France in part to review the places `Abdu'l-Bahá visited during breaks in their studies until developments in 1938–39 brought that project to an end. In 1936 May Maxwell (formerly Bolles) held meetings on the religion in Lyon along with Persian Mírzá Ezzatollah Zabih. David Hoffman, later a member of the Universal House of Justice was able to visit Bahá'ís in France in 1945. He conveyed oral reports that the Gestapo had questioned the Bahá'ís of Paris. He reported the Bahá'ís were able to retain some literature because they could report their office had been hit by a bomb destroying materials there but left unsaid that materials stored elsewhere were untouched. Some members of the community were still present, some had died, and some had disappeared: Miss Sanderson, Mrs. Scott, Madame Hess and Mr. Kennedy were among the living, Mrs. Kennedy died, Mlle. Alcan was killed in an air-raid, Mrs. Stannard died of cancer, and Mme Monteglore was known to have been taken to a concentration camp. Some meetings were still able to be held during the occupation. French Bahá'ís also assisted in the mechanics of publishing a number of translations of Bahá'í volumes by Lidia Zamenhof in Poland, Anne Lynch in Switzerland, and others in the 1930s and 40s.
After World War II.
The French Bahá'í community was one of the few to remain organized in Europe coming out of WWII. The European Teaching Committee did not cover France as part of its responsibilities for reestablishing the religion in the countries of Europe. Indeed events noting its relative health include a new Bahá'í convert, Mme. E. Schmitt of Nancy, France, in February 1946 the US national assembly establishing a bureau for international news on the religion in Paris, and Duncan McAlear shared news of conditions in France at the US national convention from which a decision was reached to set up a relief committee, in June. In particular the Bahá'ís of the southern states of America and eastern Canada coordinated relief packages for southern France (noting Marselles, Lyon, Hyeres and Toulouse) while the eastern states and again eastern Canada extended aid to the rest of France, Germany and Great Britain. Fifteen contacts in Paris, three in Hyeres, two in Lyon, and one each in Marseille and Toulouse, were noted for relief shipping. Marion Little pioneered to France from the US in 1947 and aided the formation of a publishing trust. Six French Bahá'ís are noted as still being prisoners of war in Germany where the National Spiritual Assembly of Germany petitioned for their release along with other nationals of other countries. The French community was summarized as elderly and relatively few in number to compare with efforts of Bahá'ís in other countries then underway though it is also the oldest and continually functioning community on the continent of Europe with new converts in Lyon. Their French language materials were also being circulated around the world. The religion was also noted as a presence in the French colonial empire from the 1950s. See for example Bahá'í Faith in Laos, Bahá'í Faith in New Caledonia and Bahá'í Faith in Senegal. However the Bahá'ís in France remained relatively small and did not penetrate into French society though Bahá'ís like Dorothy Beecher Baker traveled to Paris and Lyon and Lucienne Migette was noted in particular in Lyon as being very active in promulgating the religion.
Indeed Baker's trip signalized an engagement of French Bahá'ís and others in progress of the religion following the troubled limits of war. French Bahá'ís were in attendance at the first European Teaching Conference on 22–26 May 1948 held in Geneva which including public talks in French. The second such conference, held 5–7 August 1948 in Brussels, had Migette of Lyon as one of the speakers. In 1951 the Bahá'ís of Paris opened a Bahá'í center open 3 days of week to visitors. In 1952 fourteen Bahá'ís from across Europe attended the regional conference of NGOs for the Department of Public Information of the United Nations Organizations which was held in Paris – the largest group at the conference were the Bahá'ís and Bahá'í Ugo Giachery was elected chairman of one of its committees. In May 1953 the first French Bahá'í conference on the promulgation of the religion was held in Lyon at which Ugo Giachery attended as well as Persians and others. As part of the Ten Year Crusade Sara Kenney of France became a Knight of Bahá'u'lláh for pioneering to Medeira. In a few years she would return and serve on the National Spiritual Assembly of France. In May 1955 the first known wave of coordinated pioneers who moved to live in new places were noted for France – eight adults went to: Orleans, Bordeaux, and Perigueux. That summer Lyon hosted the first all-France Bahá'í summer school 12–20 August attracting 63 Bahá'ís from 14 locations in France among others including Bahá'ís from its earliest days in France as well as the new pioneers. This was also the event at which the future election of the French national assembly was announced – to be in 1958. The first youth conference was held in Chateauroux in February 1956. The first local assembly of Nice was elected later in 1956. The second France Bahá'í Summer School, 24 August – 2 September, held at Menton-Garavan, opened with a one-day Teaching Conference which was attended by 63 adult believers, 5 youth and 15 children, representing 14 French localities and 7 countries. In the spring of 1957 the first assembly of Orleans was elected. Sanary-sur-Mer was the place of the next Bahá'í summer school at which 39 adults and others from many places in France as well as Kenya, Belgian Congo and Madagascar attended.
National community.
In 1957–58 the French community was part of the regional national assembly with the Benelux Bahá'í communities. At the convention to elect the national assembly of France in 1958 was Edna True representing the US national assembly. Hand of the Cause Herman Grossmann over saw the convention of the delegates coming from twenty locations in France with 77 of the then 152 Bahá'ís of France attending with William Sears who's travel plans landed him in France at that time. The members of the first national assembly elected were: Sara Kenny, Jacques Soghomonian, Francois Petit, Joel Marangella, Chahab 'Ala'i, Sally Sanor, Lucienne Migette, Farhang Javid, and Florence Bagley. The national assembly was incorporated according to civil law in December 1958. The second national convention had 17 delegates and the annual report detailed the community as seven assemblies, ten groups, and twenty isolated believers, with a membership of seventy-six French believers, thirty-eight Persians, twenty-eight Americans and eleven of other nationalities, for a total of 153 Bahá'ís including nine who were new Bahá'ís enrolled during the year. The 1959 summer school attracted 95 attendees including 16 non-Bahá'ís to Beaulieu-sur-Mer with Dr. Hermann Grossmann, as well as Jessie Revell representing the International Bahá'í Council, a predecessor to the Universal House of Justice.
Division.
In 1960, after the death of Shoghi Effendi, Mason Remey instigated a dispute among Bahá'ís over administration and was declared a Covenant-breaker. Remey succeeded in gathering a few supporters including a majority of the 1960 national assembly of France elected in April timed with Remey's announcement. The assembly was dissolved through reports of Hand of the Cause Abu'l-Qásim Faizi by early May through authority of the Custodians, nine Hands of the Cause assigned specifically to work at the Bahá'í World Centre elected by secret ballot, with all living Hands of the Cause voting.
An election was held to elect a new national assembly at the end of May. Its members were: Lucienne Migette, Dr. Barafroukhteh, A. Tammene, H. Samimy, Lucien McComb, A. H. Nairni, Y. Yasdanian, F. Petit, and Sara Kenny. The majority of Bahá'ís stood by the Hands of the Cause during this issue. Over the years following 1966 the followers of Remey were not organized; several of the individuals involved began forming their own groups based on different understandings of succession.
Continued growth.
Multiplying activities.
The 1960 summer Bahá'í school was attended by Hands of the Cause Dr. Adelbert Mühlschlegel and Dr. Ugo Giachery with 83 attendees. In October 1961 Bahá'í artist Mark Tobey was the first American to have a one-man show at the Louvre and the first in some years to win the Venice Biennale. Several of the news articles of Mark Tobey's achievement mentioned his faith as well as the 190-page catalogue of the Louvre presentation that had the most mention of the religion including Tobey's own words. From Paris the show went on to London and Brussels. In December 1961 the 50th anniversary of Abdu'l-Bahá's first trip to France was commemorated at Hôtel Lutetia with an updated translation of Paris Talks. The national assembly established the French Language Publishing Trust in 1962.
In 1963 the members of national assemblies around the world acted as delegates to the international convention to elect the Universal House of Justice for the first time. The members of the French national assembly were: Chahab Alai, Florence Bagley, Dr. A.M. Barafroukhteh, Sara Kenny, Lucien McComb, Lucienne Migette, Yadullah Rafaat, Henriette Samimy, and Omer Charles Tamenne.
Demographically the religions expanded as follows:
In 1952: 3 assemblies, 3 groups, and 6 isolated Bahá'ís.
In 1959: 7 assemblies, 10 groups, and 20 isolated Bahá'ís.
In 1963: 7 assemblies, 10 groups, and 18 isolated Bahá'ís.
In 1979: 31 assemblies, 61 groups, and 98 isolated Bahá'ís.
The 1964 Bahá'í summer school was held in Perigueux with Hand of the Cause John Ferraby in attendance. In 1976 an international conference on the promulgation of the religion was held in Paris. Hand of the Cause Rúhíyyih Khanum, in her first visit to France, and representing the Universal House of Justice, attended. Some 6000 Baha'is from 55 countries attended. Other Hands of the Cause also attended – Shu'á'u'lláh `Alá'í, Collis Featherstone, Dhikru'llah Khadem, Rahmatu'lláh Muhájir, John Robarts, and `Alí-Muhammad Varqá. Other significant attendees include Amoz Gibson, then member of the Universal House, Adib Taherzadeh, then a Continental Counselor and Firuz Kazemzadeh, then member of the National Assembly of the United States. Later that year French Baha'is were noted promulgating the religion in Republic of the Congo. A representative of the French national assembly attended the first election of the National Assembly of the French Antilles.
Public/Media engagement.
Since the inception of the Bahá'í Faith, its founder Bahá'u'lláh exhorted believers to be involvemed in socio-economic development, leading individuals to become active in various projects. In France this developed from just participating in social public events but it expanded into social developments and cares which returned government appreciation and support.
In 1966 the Bahá'ís participated in the International Fair in Nice handing out thousands of pieces of literature. A similar exhibit took place in Marseille in later 1966. A smaller one took place in late 1966 in Luchon. The exhibit opportunity in Nice repeated in 1967 and was paralleled in Grenoble. In 1968 the event in Nice repeated and this time an additional venue in Montpelier had a Bahá'í display present while a smaller event took place in Marseille and Saint-Cloud. In 1971–72 Bahá'í youth organized a proclamation comparing and the music group Seals and Crofts after their Bahá'í pilgrimage along with related publicity. The same year the national assembly formally met with the Mayor of Monaco officially. In 1973 local efforts to promulgate the religion in the area of Clermont-Ferrand developed into television coverage between there and Switzerland on local television and it was reported most of the new converts were youth. In early 1976 the national assembly sent all local assemblies a package of information suitable for public use about Bahá'í Holy Days, and Bahá'í support for observances like United Nations Day which was in turn offered to local media. Meanwhile an architecture student of I'Ecole Superieure d'Architecture de Bordeaux was able to formulate a study program on "The Baha'i Faith and Architecture" which was then in turn presented to students and faculty of the school. Perhaps the first national television coverage of the religion took place during the 1976 international conference held in Paris. Kurt Waldheim, then secretary-general of the United Nations, sent a message in recognition of the contributions of the Baha'is to United Nations initiatives to the conference. In 1980 the European Parliament passed a resolution concerning the Persecution of Bahá'ís in Iran following the Iranian Revolution which was echoed by then President François Mitterrand. The Spiritual Assembly of Bron held a successful concert fundraiser for the United Nations International Year of the Disabled in 1981. In 1983 years of contact with the Esperantists by one of the members of the Baha'i community of Nantes, France, resulted in sharing with the 25-member Assembly of the Esperanto Association copies of the "white paper" on the plight of Baha'is in Iran. In later in October a French language television program featured an artist/cryptographer's calligraphy of nine letters forming the word "Behaisme". The moderator looked up the word in a dictionary and read to an audience estimated at 19 million a brief definition of the religion. The program was rebroadcast in other French-speaking countries. In 1984 Baha'is from Marseilles to Nice in southern France worked to make the first Baha'i-sponsored float on the Cote d'Azur as part of municipal parades in Cavalaire and Sainte-Maxime. Also in 1984 a 15-minute segment by the Baha'is of France was televised 29 September including parts of previously produced Baha'i films from several sources as one of five segments that made up an over-all 75-minute program entitled "Liberte 3". In April 1985 a new national center was opened at a ceremony with attendees from government and NGOs – the President of the Senate, two representatives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and "Citoyens du Monde", the International Federation of the Rights of Man, and Amnesty International. In 1984 an Association of Baha'i Health Care Professionals was organized by a number of Baha'i doctors in France with bylaws approved by the national assembly. In 1986 The Promise of World Peace document was shared with political leaders in France including then Prime Minister Laurent Fabius, the president and vice-president of France's Parliament. In spring 1986 Baha'is in Moontpelier and Marseilles held public peace events with panelists, children, performers, NGO representatives and others for the International Year of Peace.
Modern community.
In 1987 Hand of the Cause Rúhíyyih Khanum commemorated her mother's time in France with a trip visiting the Baha'is in 17 places during a 33-day stay arriving on 11 November. Events included a two-day national conference on spreading the religion was held in Paris; seven regional gatherings throughout the country in Nice, Marseille, Annecy, Bordeaux, Nantes, Rennes and Strasbourg, and a national youth conference of more than 450 youth in Lyon. During the visit she met with the director of the "Affairs of Cultes" and former president of the European Parliament, Simone Veil, former prime minister, then Speaker of its House of Representatives, Jacques Chaban-Delmas, as well as local officials. During meetings with Baha'is and visitors she often spoke of her recent trips to Africa.
Extending the background of academic interest in the religion since 1900 two volumes of the French language Catholic encyclopedia "Fils d'Abraham" were published in 1987 mentioning the religion:
In 1988 Baha'is held to large informational meetings on topics of internationalism and the environment.
André Brugiroux, well known for traveling the countries of the world, encountered the religion in 1969 in Alaska and joined it. He made a documentary film about his travels and visiting Bahá'ís, versions of which have been shown since 1977 and wrote a few books published including 1984 and 1990 and has given many talks about the religion and his travels in and outside France.
The Gardeners of God – Two French journalists, Colette Gouvion and Philippe Jouvion attempted an objective and unbiased study of the Bahá'í Faith through a series interviews which was published in 1993 as "Les Jardiniers de Dieu" which was translated into English.
The 75th anniversary of `Abdu'l-Bahá's visit to Marseilles was commemorated at the "Palais du Faro" in 1989. The centenary of the first trip in 1911 was noted at the annual Bahá'í residential school, held in Evian from 27 August to 3 September, where participants explored what it means to be "walking in the path of 'Abdu'l-Baha" as they discussed the current activities of their communities. Revised and extended work reviewing `Abdu'l-Bahá's talks and those he met, were published as well in time with this centenary:
Continuing to voice its concern in 1993 the French government took up issues related to the treatment of Baha'is in modern Iran. Subsequently it voted in favor of a UN resolution in 1996 which expressed concern over a wide range of human rights violations in Iran in a resolution adopted by roll-call vote after last-minute negotiations failed to achieve consensus. And the government took further steps a number of times. In 2010 they supported the international community observing the treatment of arrested Baha'i leadership. SeePersecution of Bahá'ís.
In 1998 French Bahá'ís attempted to address issues with Mohammad Khatami.
"Frequency 19" is a French language Bahá'í radio and video station on the internet.
Demographics.
According to 2005 Association of Religion Data Archives data there are about 4,440.

</doc>
<doc id="36819199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819199" title="Goleh Jar, Ilam">
Goleh Jar, Ilam

Goleh Jar (, also Romanized as Goleh Jār, Galeh Jār, Geleh Jār; also known as Geleh Chār, Goljār, Gol Jār, Golzār, Gūl-ī-Zār, and Kaljār) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 301, in 61 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819211" title="RM Hubbert">
RM Hubbert

RM Hubbert (Robert McArthur Hubbert, born 12 May 1974 in Glasgow, Scotland), commonly known as Hubby, is a Scottish guitarist and singer. Best known for his solo work as RM Hubbert and as a member of Scottish post rock band El Hombre Trajeado, he has been an active member of the Glaswegian DIY music scene since 1991.
Musical career.
Hubbert's first band was formed in 1991 under the name Me, Hubby & Thom. The band's drummer, Thom Falls, also played drums for Glasgow band The Blisters, notable as the first band of future Franz Ferdinand guitarist and singer Alex Kapranos. Kapranos and Hubbert became friends whilst running The Kazoo Club at The 13th Note in Glasgow after the original promoter quit. Hubbert later joined The Blisters on second guitar. He then joined Glaswegian hardcore band Glue in 1992 until the group split in 1995.
El Hombre Trajeado formed in 1995 with Stevie Jones, Ben Jones and Stef Sinclair, El Hombre Trajeado released three albums; Skipafone (Guided Missile Recordings, GUIDE33CD, 1998), Saccade (Human Condition Records, HCCD0031, 2001) and Shlap (Lost Dog Recordings, ARFF004, 2004) before disbanding in 2005. Although the band rarely toured, they supported artists such as Nick Cave, Sebadoh, Tortoise, Mike Watt and The Delgados around the UK. They recorded three radio sessions for John Peel on BBC Radio One between 1998 and 2001.
Originally planned as a distraction to take his mind off of the death of his parents, the nine solo guitar pieces that make up his debut album "First & Last" are based on flamenco structures and techniques, albeit with a modern approach to melody. Hubbert self-released "First & Last" as a limited edition handbound book with CD on the DIY label Ubisano in 2009. The release garnered good reviews, leading to the long running influential Scottish record label Chemikal Underground signing him in late 2010. Chemikal Underground reissued "First & Last" on 12" vinyl and CD in early 2011.
Hubbert's second album for Chemikal Underground, "Thirteen Lost & Found", is predominately made up of collaborations with other Scottish musicians such as Aidan Moffat, Emma Pollock and Alasdair Roberts. The album was conceived as a way of reconnecting with old friends whilst getting to know newer ones better. This album also saw Hubbert work again with Alex Kapranos, who acted as producer.
A prolific live performer, Hubbert has toured extensively around the UK and mainland Europe both on his own and in support slots for the likes of Mogwai, Godspeed You! Black Emperor, The Twilight Sad, Franz Ferdinand, Bill Wells & Aidan Moffat, King Creosote, Emma Pollock and Thee Silver Mt Zion.
"Thirteen Lost & Found" won the Scottish Album of the Year Award in 2013, beating albums by Emeli Sande, Calvin Harris, Django Django and The Twilight Sad amongst others and picking up the £20,000 prize.
"Breaks & Bone", Hubbert's third solo album - and the first on which he also sings - was released on Chemikal Underground in September 2013. It was short listed for the 2014 Scottish Album of the Year Award alongside albums by Biffy Clyro, Chvrches, Mogwai and Boards of Canada amongst others.
Discography.
EPs.
Split Tour EP with Emma Pollock (Chemikal Underground Records / CHEM188CD / 2 September 2012)
Albums.
First & Last (Chemikal Underground Records / CHEM156 / 28 February 2011)
Thirteen Lost & Found (Chemikal Underground Records / CHEM166 / 30 January 2012)
Breaks & Bone (Chemikal Underground Records / CHEM200 / 27 September 2013)

</doc>
<doc id="36819217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819217" title="Charminster, Bournemouth">
Charminster, Bournemouth

Charminster is a residential and commercial suburb of Bournemouth in Dorset, situated between the suburbs of Springbourne (to the south-east) and Winton (to the north-west). It was incorporated into the County Borough of Bournemouth in 1901.
Origins.
Although there are no known references to Charminster before 1805, the name and settlement predate the nearby districts of Springbourne and Winton by several decades. The first known reference to the district comes in the Christchurch Inclosure Award of 1805, in which a 'Charminster Lane' is cited, along with two plots of land called 'Charminster' then in the possession of Matthew Aldridge, the owner of Muscliff Farm. The earliest reference to any inhabitants comes in the 1841 census, in which three families are listed at Charminster: Paul Fletcher, a tinker (with his wife and seven children); John Burridge, a bricklayer (with his wife and four children); and Richard Watton, a labourer (with his wife and ten children). By this stage much of the land in the district was owned by James Harris, 3rd Earl of Malmesbury, who had received 150 acres here under the Christchurch Inclosure Award; he is commemorated in the Malmesbury Park Estate, south-east of the present Charminster Road.
It is not known why the name 'Charminster' was applied to this district. A. D. Mills suggests it was a straightforward appropriation of Charminster near Dorchester, which was recorded as a toponym from the Domesday Survey onwards, and which translates as 'church on the River Cerne'; why it should have been applied to this part of Bournemouth, however, remains unclear.
Development.
In the 1860s the Earl of Malmesbury, working with the architect and designer Christopher Crabb Creeke, drew up plans to build over Charminster. These plans were suspended in 1866, however, when the Tories returned to power, Malmesbury taking up the position of Lord Privy Seal in the 14th Earl of Derby's third administration. Consequently, the 1870 Ordnance Survey map shows little more than tumuli and brickfields at Charminster, while the suburb of Springbourne was developing independently to the south.
The first modern dwellings in Charminster were built around 1880 after Malmesbury's retirement from politics. His nephew and legatee, Edward Harris, 4th Earl of Malmesbury, continued to develop the area, opening up what became known as the Lansdowne Park Estate between Heron Court Road and Fortescue Road.
Church of the Annunciation.
One consequence of the development of the Malmesbury Park Estate was the provision of a church just to the north, in the plot now bordered by Charminster Road, Richmond Wood Road and Richmond Park Avenue. This was The Church of the Annunciation, designed by the 26-year-old Giles Gilbert Scott with George Frederick Bodley as joint architect; the latter had already overseen the young Scott's work on Liverpool Cathedral. The builders were McWilliam & Son of Bournemouth, and the building was completed in 1907. It was originally put up as a chapel of ease to the Church of the Sacred Heart, to meet the needs of Catholics from the Winton and Malmesbury Park areas who were unable to travel to the latter church in central Bournemouth.
Municipal facilities.
A fresh spate of housebuilding took place north of Alma Road and Richmond Park Road in the 1920s, resulting (amongst other things) in the provision of Charminster Library, designed by F. P. Dolamore and opened in 1932. A further development in this area was the relocation in 1939-40 of the town grammar school, Bournemouth School, from its original premises in Portchester Road to a larger site along the newly-cut East Way. This was the result of a petition presented to Bournemouth Borough Council, owners of the latter site, by a group of the school's alumni. An attendee of the school around this time was the future actor Charles Gray, who grew up in Howard Road.
Another school, a secondary modern, was added on the south side of East Way in the post-war period to meet the needs of the expanding populace. This was Summerbee School, designed by the borough architect John Burton and named after Alderman Frank Summerbee, who sat on the town's education committee; it was opened by Cllr. Harry Mears in September 1953. The school was later renamed The Bishop of Winchester School and was reopened in 2010 as The Bishop of Winchester Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="36819222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819222" title="Nicolau Breyner">
Nicolau Breyner

João Nicolau de Melo Breyner Moreira Lopes (born 30 July 1940 in Serpa) is a Portuguese playwright, director and actor. He performed in more than eighty films since 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="36819249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819249" title="List of crossings of the Lower Passaic River">
List of crossings of the Lower Passaic River

The Lower Passaic River in New Jersey is the section of the Passaic River below the Great Falls which flows over the Dundee Dam to the river mouth at Newark Bay in the northeastern part of the state. Its midpoint generally delineates the Essex-Hudson and Passaic-Bergen county lines. Numerous spans, mostly moveable bridges, have been built over of the lower reaches of the river, which is tidally influenced to the dam at about mile point (MP) 17.4 and channelized to about MP 17. Once one of the most heavily used waterways in the Port of New York and New Jersey, it remains partially navigable for commercial marine traffic. While requests have significantly diminished since the mid-late 20th century, the bridge at MP 11.7 and those downstream from it are required by federal regulations to open with advance notice, with the exception of the first at MP 1.8, which is manned and opens on demand.
Early fixed crossings included turnpikes, sometimes built as plank roads. Wood, and later, metal bridges were constructed by competing railroads to access railyards, carfloat operations, passenger terminals, and ferries on the Hudson Waterfront. Rail lines led to further industrialization, urbanization-suburbanization, and the construction of vehicular bridges and streetcar lines. The advent of automobile age in the early and mid 20th century saw the building of highway bridges.
The Acquackanonk Bridge was dismantled in 1776 as George Washington retreated from Fort Lee. Another with the same name at the crossing was lost to flooding in 1903. The first railroad swing bridge in the United States was built in 1833. Numerous bridges have been demolished or fallen into disuse, while others have had their swing spans removed, replaced or immobilized. The first new bridge to be built since 2002, the Passaic River Crossing, is projected to open in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36819259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819259" title="G&amp;SWR 5 Class">
G&amp;SWR 5 Class

The G&SWR 5 Class were 0-6-0T steam locomotives designed by Peter Drummond for the Glasgow and South Western Railway (G&SWR) and introduced in 1917. They were originally numbered 5, 7 and 9.
The class was originally designated 5 Class but, after the G&SWR's 1919 renumbering, this was changed to 322 Class and the locomotives were numbered 322-324
Ownership changes.
All three locomotives passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) in 1923, and were numbered 16377-16379. In 1934 the latter two were sold to Hatfield Colliery, where they became No. 5 and No. 7. In 1947 they became the property of the National Coal Board, and the former 16379 was acquired by British Railways in 1963 for preservation. It was in Glasgow Museum of Transport until 2010 but has since been moved to the new Riverside Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36819276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819276" title="Peter Sanz">
Peter Sanz

Saint Peter Sanz, O.P. () was a Catalan Dominican friar who was sent as a missionary bishop to China. He was executed there and has been declared a martyr and canonized by the Catholic Church.
Sanz was born 22 September 1680 in Ascó, Ribera d'Ebre, in the Catalan region of Spain. In 1697 he professed religious vows as a member of the Dominican Order in Lerida. After completing his theological studies, he was ordained a priest on 22 September 1704.
Sanz later volunteered and was accepted to serve in China. He was sent to the Philippines in 1713 to prepare for this mission, where he studied the Chinese language for two years. He then entered China with a small band of fellow friars, where he began a ministry which lasted over 30 years. In January 1728, the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith named him as Coadjutor Vicar Apostolic of Fujian, for which he was consecrated a bishop on 22 February 1730 by the Bishop of Nanking, with the new titular see of Maurocastrum. He succeeded to the office of Vicar in January 1732, upon the death of Friar Magino Ventallol, O.P., who had been unable to be consecrated a bishop during the thirteen years of his administration.
Sanz was arrested by imperial authorities in 1741, along with four other friars. They suffered torture and a long imprisonment in Fuzhou. Finally, on 26 May 1747, Sanz was beheaded. In October 1748, word came that one of his companions had been named his coadjutor bishop by the Holy See. The other friars were executed immediately upon that news.
He and his companions were beatified by Pope Leo XIII on 14 May 1893. They were included among a group of 120 saints known collectively as the "Martyr Saints of China" who were canonized on 1 October 2000 by Pope John Paul II. The group was given the feast day of 9 July.

</doc>
<doc id="36819287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819287" title="Otto Knows">
Otto Knows

Otto Jettman (born 6 May 1989), better known by his stage name Otto Knows, is a Swedish DJ and music producer who has had a number of hits in Sweden, Belgium and the Netherlands and has collaborated with a number of artists including Britney Spears, Avicii, Sebastian Ingrosso, Alesso and has made remixes for ATB, Imogen Heap and others.
Musical career.
His break came in 2010 on the electronic scene with a remix of "Hide and Seek" by Imogen Heap. This caught the attention of Tim Berg that used his production in "Hide & Seek (Avicii Remix)".
He has had a number of chart successes including his single "iTrack" credited to Tim Berg vs Oliver Ingrosso & Otto Knows and with his remix of Dada Life's "Kick Out the Epic Motherf**ker". His biggest hit is his 2012 European single "Million Voices" that has reached number three on the Ultratop 50, the Belgian Singles Chart and number six on the Dutch Singles Chart. It has also charted within the top 15 of the UK Singles Chart.
In late 2012, Otto remixed "Lies" by British DJ/record producer Burns, which was included in the extended play release of the single in the UK. The remix proved to fair commercially better and peaked at number 32 in the UK Singles Chart on December 24, 2012 after four weeks.
In 2013, he co-wrote and co-produced "Work Bitch" by Britney Spears.
Discography.
Remixes.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=o1SUpsdrgjw

</doc>
<doc id="36819317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819317" title="Goleh Jar">
Goleh Jar

Goleh Jar or Golah Jar or Galah Jar or Golah Jar or Geleh Jar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36819320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819320" title="Karolina Pelendritou">
Karolina Pelendritou

Karolina Pelendritou (born 25 September 1986 in Limassol) is a visually impaired swimmer from Cyprus. She has won countless gold medals and smashed handfuls of records in national and international games as well as winning 2 Gold medals, 1 Silver and 1 Bronze in 3 consecutive Paralympic Games. Due to her countless achievements she is known as the "Princess of the Pool".
Karolina was the first (living) person to ever appear on a national Cypriot stamp in 2004. She has promoted the work of various EU initiatives throughout the years, currently holding the title of ambassador for the "Youth On The Move” initiative since 2010.
Early life.
She began swimming at the of age nine. At the age of 10 she became a member of the Cyprus Swimming Federation with the Nautical Club of Limassol and at 13 years old she became a member of the National Swimming Team and instantly broke records in all categories of the 50m and 100m breaststroke.
2003 till 2007: 'Athens Paralympic Games 2004'.
In 2003, at the European meeting in Czech, she succeeded a new European record in 100m S13 breaststroke and world record in the 50m S13 Backstroke.
On September 25, 2004, in the Athens Olympic Aquatic Centre, she won the Gold medal at the Paralympic Games 2004, competing in the 100m breaststroke S13 while achieving a Paralympic record. This Gold medal was the first Olympic medal ever awarded to an athlete for her little homeland! She was honoured by being the first (living) person to ever appear on a Cypriot stamp following this achievement at her first Paralympic Games.
In the same year she was appointed as 'Ambassador Against Discrimination' (Stop Discrimination) for the European Union. Karolina has faced her own struggle for equality on behalf of athletes with disabilities in Cyprus. She held this position as ambassador for three years.
In 2005, following her nomination for the Leader Awards, she was awarded the title of 'Young Leader of the Year' and the prestigious 'Diamond Leader Award'. 
In March 2006 she reaffirmed her great talent by breaking four times the world record in the 50m and 100m breaststroke S12 during the British Open Championships and the European Cup, held in early May 2006 in the Czech Republic. 
At the British Open Swimming Championship in Sheffield, she won a Gold medal setting a new world record in the 100m breaststroke S12 in 2007. She also competed in the 50m and 100m freestyle S12 winning two more Gold medals. In the European Cup “EUROWAVES”in the Czech Republic she brought home yet another Gold medal in the 100m breaststroke S12 and shattered the world record once again. In August 2007 she represented Cyprus in the 3rd World Championships and Games-IBSA, which were held in Brazil, where she won the Gold medal in the 200m Breaststroke S12 breaking the world record of the event and Gold medal in 100m breaststroke S12 record with a New Games record.
2008 till 2010: 'Beijing Paralympic Games 2008'.
2008 brought the 100m breaststroke S12 at the Open British Championships and the 50M freestyle where she was awarded yet 2 another Gold medals. In the German Open Swimming Championships she conquered another Gold medal in the 200m breaststroke S12, Gold medal in the 100m breaststroke, breaking the World Record and a silver medal in the 50m breaststroke. A week later in Czech Republic in the European Cup she broke another world record in the 100m breaststroke S12. On 08/09/2008 in Beijing, Karolina broke the world record in the qualifying heats of the 100m breaststroke event with a time of 1.1682 managing to win her second Gold medal of her career at a Paralympic Games and became a double Paralympic Gold medallist from two consecutive Paralympics. At these Paralympic Games in Beijing she also won a Bronze medal in the 200M medley S12 and came fifth place in the 50m freestyle event. In June 2008 she was selected out of the nominees from 72 participating countries for the "Elite Athletes Award 2007" of the Commonwealth Sports Awards. Again this made her the first Cypriot to ever receive such an award. This honour was awarded to her during an event which was organised by Lord Provost at the Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum in Glasgow on the 12/06/2008 in the presence of 200 representatives from the Commonwealth countries.
During the years of 2006 and 2008 she was appointed as 'Women of the Year' by the magazine Madame Figaro.
At the IPC Swimming World Championship of November 2009 in Rio Brazil, she won the Gold medal in the 100m Frontstroke and shattered the world record in the 100m breaststroke S12 category with a time of 1.1435. At the World Championships IPC swimming in Eindhoven Holland, she brought home another gold medal in the 100m breaststroke S12, and secured her place to participate in the London Paralympic Games 2012. At the European Championships in Berlin she won the Gold medal in the 100m breaststroke S12.
2010 brought with it another ambassador position within the EU for Karolina. She was appointed the title of ambassador for the "Youth On The Move” initiative of the EU, a role which involves supporting and promoting the youth of the EU.
2012 and beyond: 'London Paralympic Games 2012'.
After the Beijing Paralympic Games, Karolina went through a particularly difficult phase of her life regarding her health. After undergoing 3 operations in 4 years, in November 2011 she was told by her doctors that she must stop swimming professionally. Despite this advice, Karolina was determined to carry on swimming and exceed all expectations in order to continue to make herself, her family, her friends and her country proud! As she later explained in 2012 during a speech in her hometown of Limassol, "swimming is my life...and I said to myself that I would try with every strength I had to carry on. I tried very hard to compete even in just one race at the Paralympic Games of London. My experience from November to today has been very difficult: full of disappointments and tears. But I wanted it so badly and I achieved it!"
In 2012, at the German Open Championships in Berlin she won the Gold medal in the 50m breaststroke S12, setting yet another world record.
Later on that summer she went on to compete in her third consecutive Paralympic Games in London 2012. She competed in the 100m breastroke SB12 and took second place with a time of 1:16.38 missing out on first place by a very narrow 0:00.21. She, once again, shattered the already-existing Paralympic and World records that she herself had set 4 years previously at the Beijing Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36819322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819322" title="English, baby!">
English, baby!

English, baby! is a social network and online curriculum for learning conversational English and slang based in Portland, Oregon. The service is used by more than 1.6 million members, making it one of the largest, most well-established and highest rated online communities of English learners and teachers. English, baby! is most popular in China, where roughly a quarter of its users are based. Other countries in which the service is popular include Turkey, Brazil, India, Egypt, the United States, and Taiwan. 
The company offers a free membership as well as a paid, premium membership and frequently uses celebrities in its English lesson videos. 
Lessons.
English, baby! is home to several thousand English lessons. Many of the lessons feature celebrities teaching a term or phrase and discussing how they learned English if it is not their first language. Celebrities who have taught English lessons on English, baby! include NBA All-Stars such as Steve Nash and Dwight Howard, Olympic gold medalist figure skaters Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo, and musicians Sheryl Crow and Girl Talk. 
The website also produces an English lesson soap opera series and reality TV style videos. Other lessons are based on MP3s instead of videos and based on improvised conversations between native English speaking actors. Most lessons include grammar instruction, quizzes, and vocabulary words. Much of the lesson content is only available to premium "Super Members" who pay $5 per month. These members also have access to a live teacher to answer questions for them.
In addition to students, ESL teachers can create lessons on English, baby! or use content from the site in their classrooms.
History.
English, baby! was founded in 2000 when John Hayden returned from working for Hitachi and teaching English in Japan. He found that many students lacked a means of learning conversational English and started English, baby! to create an online experience similar to traveling in the English-speaking world or studying abroad. Hayden remains the company's CEO. 
In 2005, Versation Inc., a parent company for English, baby! was created. Versation also produces alumni management and recruitment software for colleges and universities.
Following the popularity of sites like MySpace and Facebook, English, baby! introduced social networking features in 2006, enabling members to create profiles on the site. In 2009, English, baby! registered its one millionth member. 
English, baby! has content-sharing partnerships with companies such Nokia in China, and HOOP Magazine in Japan. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819329" title="Ralph (rat)">
Ralph (rat)

Ralph was the first cloned rat. To give birth to Ralph, 129 embryos were implanted into 2 females. One became pregnant and gave birth to three rats; Ralph was the first to be born. Ralph has been cloned for medical purposes requiring genetically identical animals including testing in impact of genetics and the environment in the development of many diseases, as well as to take away and modify genes, as well as to solve a problem with rat physiology. Cloned from an adult cell, Ralph was cloned by researchers from China and France.

</doc>
<doc id="36819335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819335" title="Goljar">
Goljar

Goljar (, also Romanized as Goljār) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 602, in 156 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819339" title="Kaljar">
Kaljar

Kaljar (, also Romanized as Kaljār; also known as Kalījār) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 249, in 54 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819342" title="Golzar-e Haddad">
Golzar-e Haddad

Golzar-e Haddad (, also Romanized as Golzār-e Ḩaddād) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 123, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819351" title="Loch Ascog">
Loch Ascog

Loch Ascog is a small reservoir on the east coast of the island of Bute, in the council area of Argyll and Bute, Scotland. The loch supplies water to the town of Rothesay and the fishing rights are held by the Isle of Bute Angling Association. Loch Ascog is in extent. To the west is the much larger Loch Fad.

</doc>
<doc id="36819352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819352" title="Hajji Bakhtiar">
Hajji Bakhtiar

Hajji Bakhtiar (, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Bakhtīār; also known as Emāmzādeh Ḩājjī Bakhtīār) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819357" title="Agnieszka Grochowska">
Agnieszka Grochowska

Agnieszka Grochowska (born 31 December 1979 in Warsaw) is a Polish actress. She performed in more than twenty films since 2002. She is also famous for her work in "Shameless" (a.k.a. "Bez wstydu") where she was in an incest relationship with her younger brother.

</doc>
<doc id="36819365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819365" title="Harkabud-e Golzar">
Harkabud-e Golzar

Harkabud-e Golzar (, also Romanized as Harkabūd-e Golzār; also known as Golzār and Golzār-e Harkabūd) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 229, in 43 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819368" title="Thomas Worthington (Dominican)">
Thomas Worthington (Dominican)

Thomas Worthington (1671−1754), was a Dominican friar and writer. He received his education in the college of the English Jesuits at St. Omer. In 1691, he entered the Dominican Order at the convent of Bornhem in Flanders, and in the following year he made his solemn confession as a member of the order. He was ordained priest at Rome in 1695, and went afterwards to the college of St. Thomas Aquinas at Louvain, where he became successively professor of philosophy, theology, and sacred scripture. He graduated B.D. in 1704, was elected prior of Bornhem in 1705, and re-elected in 1708, and was instituted prior provincial of England. For nine years he laboured on the English mission, sometimes in London, but generally in Yorkshire and Lancashire. On his return to Flanders, he was again installed prior of Bornhem, 25 January 1717−18. He was created D.D. in 1718, was elected prior of Bornhem for the fifth time in 1725, and was again instituted provincial on 4 January 1725−6. Subsequently he became chaplain at Middleton Hall, the residence of Ralph Brandling, in the parish of Rothwell, near Leeds. He died there on 25 February 1754 (N.S.)
Works.
His works are:
Personal.
Worthington was the fourth son of Thomas Worthington of Blainsco in the parish of Standish, near Wigan, Lancashire, by his wife Jane, eldest daughter of John Plompton of Plompton, Yorkshire, was born on 23 November 1671

</doc>
<doc id="36819373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819373" title="Peter Levine (venture capitalist)">
Peter Levine (venture capitalist)

Peter Levine is a general partner at the Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz and the former Senior Vice President of Strategy at Citrix Systems. Levine joined Citrix in 2007 through its $500 million acquisition of Xensource, where he served as President and CEO. Levine has taught marketing and sales at the MIT Sloan School of Management and currently teaches at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. He has a B.S. in Engineering from Boston University and attended the MIT Sloan School of Management.
At Andreessen Horowitz, Levine leads the firm’s investments in enterprise software including data center infrastructure, enterprise applications and mobile computing. He serves on the board of directors for enterprise companies including Bromium, Actifio, Mixpanel, and GitHub, which is Andreessen Horowitz’s single largest investment to date. 
Prior to Xensource, Levine was a general partner at Mayfield Fund. He was an early employee of VERITAS Software Corp., beginning his career as a software engineer. During his 11 years there, he was credited with helping the company grow from about 20 employees to more than 6,000 and to over $1.5 billion in annual revenues. Among his duties, Levine was responsible for worldwide marketing, business development, OEM sales, M&A and the VERITAS venture fund. When he left VERITAS in 2001, his position was Executive Vice President of Strategic and Platform Operations. Symantec acquired the company in 2005. 
In April 2012, Levine along with Andreessen Horowitz General Partners Marc Andreessen, Ben Horowitz, Jeff Jordan, John O’Farrell and Scott Weiss pledged to give half of their lifetime income from venture capital to charity.

</doc>
<doc id="36819381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819381" title="Robert Hull">
Robert Hull

Robert Hull is an American television writer and producer.
He is well known for his work on The CW Television Network drama/Mystery "Veronica Mars" and "Gossip Girl" as well as the Fox Television Network/Bad Robot drama "Alcatraz" produced by J.J. Abrams and the ABC fantasy/mystery series "Once Upon a Time".
Career.
He got his start producing the crime film "Nether World", starring W. Morgan Sheppard and Mark Sheppard that premiered in competition at the Stockholm International Film Festival, before writing and producing the award winning documentary "The Other Hollywood" that was distributed by IFC. In 2006 he turned his attention to television when he was hired as a writer by Rob Thomas to join his critically acclaimed drama series Veronica Mars. After completion of Veronica Mars Hull joined the ABC series "Big Shots" starring Michael Vartan and Dylan McDermott. 
In 2008, Hull boarded The CW drama "Gossip Girl", as a story editor, for its second season. During the second half of season two, Hull was promoted to executive story editor. With the commencement of the fourth season Hull began serving as co-producer. When the fourth season concluded he left the show. He wrote and produced multiple episodes while working on the series.
During summer 2011, Hull joined the Fox drama "Alcatraz" as a producer and writer, for its freshman and only season where he wrote multiple episodes.
"Once Upon a Time".
In summer 2012, Hull was hired as a writer and producer on the ABC fantasy series "Once Upon a Time", for its second season. rising to Supervising Producer with the commencement of its third season. Episodes he has written and produced include:

</doc>
<doc id="36819388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819388" title="Friedrich-Carl von Steinkeller">
Friedrich-Carl von Steinkeller

Friedrich-Carl von Steinkeller (28 March 1896 – 19 October 1981) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. Friedrich-Carl von Steinkeller was captured by Soviet forces during the Mogilev Offensive in June 1944 and was held until October 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="36819392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819392" title="Zion Square assault">
Zion Square assault

The Zion Square assault, also described by Israeli police, the judge who passed sentence, Israeli and foreign media as a 'lynch' or 'attempted lynch(ing)', was an attack by Israeli youths against four Palestinian teenagers that took place on the night of 16–17 August 2012 at Zion Square in Jerusalem. The four were chased by 10-15 teenagers and a 17-year-old Palestinian boy Jamal Julani was beaten unconscious and subsequently found to be in a critical condition.
Originally reported by police as a brawl between two groups, the incident achieved notoriety after an Israeli eyewitness posted an account on Facebook reporting that dozens of Israeli youths had tried to beat to death three Arab youths, and that, when one fell, they continued to kick his head. After the assailants fled, others in the vicinity stood about shouting angrily. When Israeli volunteers on the scene gave the boy assistance, their action was greeted by bystanders with expressions of resentment. Julani had a heart condition and had to be revived by a responding medic. He was released from hospital a week after the attack. In July 2013 he was still undergoing neurological and psychological care. An eyewitness reported that police marked the site as a murder scene.
Reports said that during the episode a policeman observed the assault without intervening. However, a police investigation determined that this referred to an earlier altercation nearby. Prompt intervention by Magen David Adom, including C.P.R., managed to revive him. Authorities called his survival a miracle. Police commissioner Yohanan Danino told the press that “The lynch in Jerusalem was the most severe and contemptible act imaginable in a democratic law-abiding country.”
On 19 August, Israeli police arrested several Israeli teenagers, the youngest of which was 13 years old. One of the suspects expressed no regret. The attack took place on the same day as a firebombing of a Palestinian taxi in which a Palestinian family of 5 and their driver suffered serious burns. The incidents were condemned in Israel and throughout the world and a national debate over anti-Arabism ensued.
The attack.
The attack took place on Thursday night 16 August 2012, in Jerusalem's busy pub and entertainment district on the eve of Eid-ul-Fitr, which marks the end of Ramadan. This year Israel had issued large numbers of entry permits to Palestinians to visit Jerusalem over the Muslim holy month. According to interviews with the Palestinian victims, 17 year-old Jamal Julani, a matriculating student from the predominantly Palestinian East Jerusalem neighborhood of Ras al-Amud, together with his cousins Muhammad Mujahid, 17, and Nuaman Julani, and a fourth boy were attacked and chased by some 50 Israeli youths, shouting "Death to Arabs".
The harassment began in "Kikar Hahatulot" (Cats' Square), which is notorious for its late-night drunken brawls. Initial reports spoke of a group singing racist, anti-Arab songs when, according to police, a girl declared she had been molested sexually, or raped, by an Arab, and this remark is said to have caused the boys' rampage, which started by beating up an Arab who happened to be passing by.
Suspects gave defense lawyers a number of different versions of the events. According to the police indictment in late August, when the group met up in central Jerusalem, a girl noted the presence of Arabs and told her friends, the defendants, that Arabs should not be seated there. Other teens joining in suggested attacking them. One said:'Whoever wants to show that he's a man go and hit the Arabs". The girl then shouted racist slogans -"Mohammad is dead" and "Death to Arabs" - and several were chased from the area. According to Reuven Rivlin some of the assailants wore shirts with a Betar symbol, which symbolizes both the revisionist Zionist youth movement created by Ze'ev Jabotinsky in 1923 and also a Jerusalem soccer team. Press reports state that hundreds of bystanders refrained from intervening. A Palestinian, who had himself been previously scarred by a cut from a bottle in an assault by Jewish youths, said that on the night in question Jewish and Arab workers at the restaurant where he is employed had driven off the mob, which was chanting "Death to the Arabs".
According to the indictment by prosecutors nearly a year later, some 60 youths in Cats' Square began to harassing Arab youths around 11.30 pm, ordering them not to sit there and yelling slogans against Muhammad and Arabs. Some thirty of the group them hived off towards Zion Square in search of Arabs to beat. The pursuing groups were composed of an "inner circle" involved directly in the assault, and an "outer circle" that joined in and encouraged them. An attempt was made to kick a passing Arab, and a group encircled other Arabs who managed to flee. Shortly afterwards, they noted Jamal and three other boys, and gave chase, and hit one in the back of the neck. According to his cousin Nuaman, one attacker said to Jamal, 'What are you doing, you son of a bitch?', and as Jamal tried to flee he was whacked in the chest and fell. The teenagers continued to kick him after he fell down unconscious, but as more police arrived, according to the Palestinians, the crowd quickly dispersed.
When a Magen David Adom ambulance and emergency crew arrived on the scene, a paramedic, Amir Edri, found Jamal without pulse. It was initially thought he was dead but after 10 minutes of intense CPR and electric shock his pulse returned. The three other Palestinians in the group suffered only minor injuries.
Though one of the arrested suspects spoke of 40 to 50 youths involved in the beating, police concluded at the time that the number of Jewish youngsters directly implicated ranged from 10 to 15, while a few dozen others just stood around and watched. They also concluded that the attack was unprovoked. On the following Monday, a police spokesman, Sergeant Shmuel Shinhav, described the assault as "simply a lynch." Police later said that the fact Jamal suffered from a heart condition may have contributed to his loss of consciousness. A lawyer for one of the girls who was involved but, according to him, did not participate in the beating, said that the teenagers had intended to beat him to death.
Jamal was taken in a comatose state to the Hadassah University Hospital in Ein Kerem in southwest Jerusalem, where a Palestinian taxi-driver was also undergoing intensive care after suffering serious burns together with five members of the Abu Jayada family of Nahalin from a Molotov cocktail attack outside the West Bank settlement of Bat Ayin earlier that day. A Jewish settler and resident of Kfar Etzion, Meir "Meron" Yehoshua, on hearing news of the firebombing, contacted the families of both the taxi-driver and his passengers and volunteered to drive them across the checkpoints to facilitate their visits to the hospital. A week later, police detained three Israeli adolescents from the Bat Ayin settlement, all between 12 and 13, on suspicion of involvement in the taxi firebombing. Deputy Prime Minister Moshe Ya'alon regarded both incidents as terrorist attacks that "constitute first and foremost an educational and moral failure."
Jamal was in a coma for two days. On emerging from it he said he had no memory of the attack and no fear of returning to downtown Jerusalem. No official state or municipal representatives visited him for several days, but Thursday, 23 August, Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin paid Jamal a visit to apologise on behalf of the state. Rivlin told him that the assault was evidently not an 'isolated incident of racism towards Arabs, but a worrying phenomenon in Israeli society' and that it was 'a microcosm of a national problem that could endanger Israeli democracy.'
In the following days the police arrested eight teens, two of them girls, ranging in ages from 13 to 19. A brother of one of the suspects who was also present asserted that the four Arab boys had provoked passersby and “made passes at Jewish girls,” adding that "(Arabs) shouldn't be here, it's our area. For what other reason would they come here if not to make passes at Jewish girls?" Another eyewitness said the Israeli group appeared to be hunting for Arabs.
Jamal's mother called the youths terrorists and added that they themselves were had no political ideas and that, "We brought our children up to study, to be good and to love their homeland.” His father was at a loss to understand why the youths did this, but called his son lucky for having survived.
Fear spread throughout Israeli Arab communities in the wake of the two incidents, particularly in Jaffa, Safed and Haifa.
Facebook report.
A volunteer for the Elem NGO, which aids Israeli and Palestinian youths in distress, and who happened to be present at the scene, posted an eyewitness account on Facebook that night. She opened her account with the remark:
According to the report, loud shouts of 'A Jew is a good soul, an Arab is a son of a ---,' could be heard and dozens of youths ran and gathered to beat, nearly to death, three Arab youths strolling peacefully along Ben Yehuda Street. When volunteers tried to resuscitate Jamal, she added, a mass of bystanders reportedly asked resentfully why they were reviving an Arab. Later, as Jamal's cousin gave testimony to the police two youths queried why he should be handed a bottle of water, and one of them commented: 'He is an Arab, and they don’t need to walk around in the center of the city, and they deserve it, because this way they will finally be afraid.' She complained that
“Children aged 15-18 are killing a child their own age with their own hands. Really with their own hands. Children whose hearts were unmoved when they beat to death a boy their age who lay writhing on the floor,”
Investigations and arrests of the perpetrators.
According to one report, the whole incident was recorded on official surveillance cameras and the police said other arrests were to be expected. Sources in the Jerusalem Municipality now claim the city's security cameras were being upgraded at the time the attack took place and thus not working in the area. They said that the police would be reviewing, instead, footage recorded on cameras operated by local businesses.
In an early report, Ma'ariv wrote that some 40 minutes before Jamal's near fatal beating, people had called the police to report a brawl, and an on-duty policeman arrived and stood by as the violence unfolded. One Arab employed near the scene who had phoned the police claimed that on arriving a police officer decided not to act when he saw that the brawl involved teenagers. The police department rejected the allegation, and replied that this call referred to the earlier altercation. They affirmed that when, 40 minutes later, further calls arrived reporting violence at Zion Square, additional officers were sent.
Acting Jerusalem police chief General Menachem Yitzhaki established a special team to conduct investigations.
The Israeli police had initially called the episode a "brawl," but 3 days later, on Sunday, termed it a "lynching". According to a police account given to the magistrates' court, the attack took place in the heart of Jerusalem before a crowd that numbered in the hundreds, some of whose members egged the attackers on. Police have stated that they have found no evidence to corroborate suggestions the Palestinians had been provocative earlier, and were increasingly convinced Jamal had been attacked simply because he was an Arab.
Between Sunday and Tuesday, police rounded up 8 youths ranging in age from 13 to 19, including three girls, on suspicion of being involved in the assault, and brought them before magistrates for a remand hearing. One of the girls, still under detention a week later, came from an ultra-Orthodox family and had until recently studied at the Beit Yaakov seminary. Tamar Rotem, examining the backgrounds of some of the youths, identifies them as hailing from low-income Haredi neighbourhoods suffering from neglect and as drop-outs from religious seminaries.
According to one of the defense lawyers, the suspects have provided different accounts of how the events unfolded. One version was that the Jewish youths were singing racist songs and chanting anti-Arab slogans when they came across the four Arab teenagers. Some said that the Arabs were actually harassing them. By Monday, the deputy commander of the Lev Habira police station said investigators believe one girl in the group had incited the attackers. A chase ensued which ended 200 yards away in Zion Square, where 10 people managed to catch Jamal.
In late August, police filed indictments against 9 teens for aggravated battery, aggravated assault and incitement to violence, and requested the court to hold them in detention until the end of proceedings. One, a girl, was released on house arrest.
Trial.
Three teenagers and four men were indicted on charges of assaulting Arabs in Zion Square. Several eventually made plea bargains, confessing to some of the charges. On 8 July 2013, the Jerusalem District Court handed down its verdict on the three minors charged with the assaults, finding them guilty. Defendant No.1 was sentenced to 8 months detention for aggravated assault; defendant No.2 was convicted of incitement to violence and racism, and given three months in dentention; defendant No.3 was sentenced to 30 days in prison, and a 2 month suspended sentence, for aiding aggravated assault out of racist motives.
Aftermath.
The incident did not deter Palestinians from East Jerusalem or those from the West Bank who had obtained permits from visiting downtown Jerusalem. Tamar Rotem reported that life at Zion Square has resumed its normal tranquil rhythms. Interviewing youths from the Bnei Akiva National Religious Party's youth movement, she found they knew nothing of the incident, and, when informed of the circumstances, were quick to come to the defense of the suspected perpetrators. One said: "It's very good that they (the Jewish assailants) hit them. . . It's just too bad they didn't kill them." Another boasted, "Had I been there, I would have killed them." Arabs are, they said, "terrorists who carry out attacks and want to murder all of us."
The director of Masorti, rabbi Andrew Sacks, while noting that the attack elicited condemnation over the entire spectrum of the Jewish world, also drew attention to a certain diffidence, in the fact that Lehava had begun circulating a flyer in Jerusalem soon afterwards that was warning Arab males against flirting with or talking to Jewish girls. The pamphlet, distributed both in Hebrew and Arabic, is similar to former messages by the Kach movement, reads in part: “We don’t want you to get hurt, respect our girls’ honor because they are dear to our hearts,” and "If you're thinking of going to the pedestrian mall or the Jerusalem mall in order to go out with Jewish girls, this isn't the place. You can walk around your village and find girlfriends there. Not by us! Last week an Arab who thought he'd find some Jewish girls got hurt. We don't want you to get hurt." Jerusalem police later asked the Justice Ministry for guidance in determining whether or not to pursue allegations that Lehava is inciting Jerusalemites to racism.
In response to a claim by two east Jerusalem Arab teens that they were assaulted by three men at Tel Aviv beach after asking for directions and had had great difficulty in obtaining redress from the police when they tried to file a complaint, Knesset representative Ta'al party member Ahmad Tibi put the blame on Israeli police for failing in their duties. "Imagine Israel's response had the tables been turned and a Jew was lynched at an Arab town," Tibi declared, adding that a 'hunting season for Arabs is at its height with support from a rightist government and racist Knesset'. An Israeli news source phrased this story in its first sentence as: "Two east Jerusalem teens are claiming they were assaulted by three men in Tel Aviv earlier this week in what could be another case of racist violence after last week's Jerusalem lynch."

</doc>
<doc id="36819396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819396" title="Lashekan">
Lashekan

Lashekan (, also Romanized as Lāshekan) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 245, in 49 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819403" title="Murt, Ilam">
Murt, Ilam

Murt (, also Romanized as Mūrt; also known as Kāni Mūrt) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,082, in 204 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819408" title="Aloe aculeata">
Aloe aculeata

Aloe aculeata (common names include ngopanie, sekope, red hot poker aloe) is an "Aloe" species that is native to the Limpopo valley and Mpumalanga in South Africa along with southern and central Zimbabwe and Mozambique. It grows on rocky outcrops in grassland and dry bushveld. "Aculeata" ("prickly") refers to the spines on the leaf's surface and the teeth on its margins.
The plant's leaves reach tall. Flowers are reddish orange to yellow when in bud, opening to orange to yellow, and long.
"Aloe aculeata" was depicted on the South African rand nickel (10 cent piece). The plant can be found in Gibraltar Botanic Gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="36819411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819411" title="Pardeh, Ilam">
Pardeh, Ilam

Pardeh (, also Romanized as Pārdeh) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 31 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819414" title="Murt">
Murt

Murt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36819417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819417" title="1975–76 Southern Football League">
1975–76 Southern Football League

The 1975–76 season was the 73rd in the history of the Southern League. It was the last Southern League season to use goal average as a tie-breaking criteria.
Premier Division.
The Premier Division featured four new teams:
League table.
Football League elections.
Alongside the four League clubs facing re-election, a total of nine non-League clubs applied for election, six of which were Southern League clubs. All the League clubs were re-elected.
Division One North.
Division One featured two new teams:
Division One South.
Division One South featured two new teams:

</doc>
<doc id="36819431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819431" title="1995 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles">
1995 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles

Jakob Hlasek and Yevgeny Kafelnikov were the defending champions and successfully defended their title, winning in the final 6–3, 6–3, against John-Laffnie de Jager and Wayne Ferreira.

</doc>
<doc id="36819446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819446" title="Palk Gardel">
Palk Gardel

Palk Gardel () is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819448" title="Pol Kalak">
Pol Kalak

Pol Kalak () is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 34 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819455" title="Gnaeus Pompeius (consul 31 BC)">
Gnaeus Pompeius (consul 31 BC)

Gnaeus Pompeius (Rufus) (died AD 14) was suffect consul in 31 BC, during the transitional period when Octavian, the future Augustus, was consolidating his powers as "princeps".
A member of the plebeian "gens Pompeia", he may have been one of the Pompeii Rufi, the son of Quintus Pompeius Rufus, and therefore the great-grandson of the dictator Sulla.
A senator, Gnaeus Pompeius was appointed suffect consul to replace Marcus Titius, and he held the office from October 1 through to December 31, 31 BC. Gnaeus Pompeius was also one of the "Quindecimviri sacris faciundis", a priestly college, to which belonged until his death in AD 14.

</doc>
<doc id="36819461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819461" title="Anthaeum, Hove">
Anthaeum, Hove

The Anthaeum (also spelt Antheum or Anthæum) was an iron and glass conservatory planned by English botanist and landscape gardener Henry Phillips and designed by architect Amon Henry Wilds on land owned by Sir Isaac Goldsmid in Hove, a Sussex seaside town which is now part of the city of Brighton and Hove. Conceived on a grand scale and consisting of a gigantic cupola-topped dome covering more than , the structure was intended to enclose a carefully landscaped tropical garden, with exotic trees and shrubs, lakes, rockeries and other attractions. The scheme was a larger and more ambitious version of a project Phillips and Wilds had worked on in 1825 in Hove's larger neighbour Brighton, for which money had run out before work could commence. Unlike its predecessor, the Anthaeum was built: work began in 1832 and an opening ceremony was planned for 31 August 1833. Disagreements between the architect, the project engineer and the building contractor led to structural problems being overlooked or ignored, though, and the day before it opened the Anthaeum collapsed spectacularly. Its wreckage stayed for nearly 20 years overlooking Adelaide Crescent, a seafront residential set-piece whose northern side it adjoined, and Phillips went blind from the shock of watching the largest of his many projects end in disaster. Palmeira Square, another residential development, has occupied the site since the late 19th century.
Henry Phillips, Amon Henry Wilds and their early works.
Amon Henry Wilds and Henry Phillips were Sussex-born men whose professional paths crossed regularly in the 1820s, when they had both moved to the rapidly growing seaside resort of Brighton. Wilds, baptised at Lewes in 1790, trained as an architect, town planner and engineer alongside his father Amon Wilds. They relocated to Brighton in 1815 and worked on various building projects. Phillips, born in Henfield in 1779, abandoned banking and teaching careers to become a botanist and horticultural writer—interests which led him towards landscape gardening and the design of building schemes based around parks and gardens. In 1822, the two men collaborated on the laying out and landscaping of The Level, a large area of open ground at the north end of Brighton. In 1825, they proposed an ambitious scheme for an open-ended residential square on Brighton seafront, the northern end of which would be occupied by "an oriental garden and a huge conservatory known as the Athenaeum". Money ran out before the gardens and conservatory could be built, although the residential terraces were eventually completed.
Construction of the Anthaeum.
In 1832, Phillips was able to resurrect his idea for a large-scale conservatory, this time in Brighton's smaller but quickly growing residential neighbour Hove. In 1830, Decimus Burton had begun work on Adelaide Crescent, a residential set-piece on the seafront, on land owned by Sir Isaac Goldsmid, 1st Baronet. He owned much of the land in the area, including the open ground between the north end of the crescent and the main east–west road through Hove (now Western Road/Church Road). Phillips described his plans to Goldsmid and managed to secure land and a substantial financial investment. His scheme, whose name "Anthaeum" meant "flower-house", consisted of a giant dome (the largest in the world at the time), in diameter, tall and topped with a cupola. It was to be built entirely of wide ribs of iron sunk into the soil and anchored on brick plinths. This was to be supported on an internal pillar and then covered with glass. The internal space would be more than , in which would grow tropical trees and shrubs, hundreds of varieties of flowers and other plants. There would be artificial lakes and hills, and birds and fish would be introduced. Walkways and arbours would be provided for visitors, along with seating for 800 people. The interior would be temperature-controlled, held at a constant by burning coke taken from the local gasworks: this was brought in through stoke-holes in the exterior. The overall concept has been described as "not unlike the modern Eden Project in Cornwall". The Anthaeum was to have been a subscription garden: one-off admission was one shilling, or a year's subscription was available for one guinea (giving access for up to three days of every week) or two guineas (for unlimited access every day).
The cast iron girders were imported into nearby Shoreham Harbour and taken to Hove by teams of horses. About of glass were used, although sources differ as to how much had been fitted at the time the building collapsed. Work began in autumn 1832 with the construction of a circular foundation trench to a depth of . Phillips had commissioned Amon Henry Wilds to design the structure and supervise the early work; later he brought in C. Hollis as the chief engineer and a Mr English as the building contractor. The main cause of the "series of unfortunate accidents" which the project turned into was the fact that no single person was in overall charge: Phillips, Goldsmid, Wilds, Hollis and English were not working as a team and concentrated only on their areas of responsibility.
Wilds' design included a central pillar of iron whose capital would support each of the iron ribs. These would be diagonally braced and further supported by purlins. The cupola would then sit on top of the pillar, and around the top of the dome there would be a terrace with a diameter of enclosing an observatory. Building work progressed on this basis, but English and his building team decided not to build the central pillar and to reduce the size of the supporting structures on the roof. The reason for this decision was not recorded, but it alarmed Wilds so much that he resigned from the project. Hollis and English nominally took charge of the work; Hollis had also wanted to keep the supporting pillar and tried to encourage English to reinstate it, or at least to continue with the original scheme of purlins and braces. English refused to do this, and after an argument Hollis also resigned from the project. This left no professional architect or engineer to oversee the work, and English was able to act "much as he pleased for three months without supervision".
The Anthaeum collapses.
As construction continued through the summer of 1833, temporary scaffolding held up the roof. Henry Phillips decided to ask civil engineer Sir John Rennie for advice on whether this could safely be removed. On 29 August 1833, two days before the Anthaeum's public unveiling, English removed the structure anyway. This may have been because he was angry at the implicit criticism of his workmanship—although Rennie decided not to visit Hove and inspect the structure after hearing Phillips' description of the situation. The lack of any structural support meant that the ribs, which were meant to sit exactly opposite each other, started to bend out of alignment, eventually ending up several degrees askew and pulling the upper circular junction into an ellipse shape. English expected that the pressure could be supported by the terrace and observatory, but this did not happen. Just an hour after he removed the last section of scaffolding on 30 August 1833, the structure started to crack. All of the builders left, and only the head gardener stayed. A second much louder crack forced him to run outside and jump over a wall; the building, which weighed an estimated 400–500 tons, immediately collapsed and embedded itself in the ground. The shock of the disaster made 54-year-old Phillips go blind; he never recovered his sight.
Sources vary on the extent to which the Anthaeum had been glazed when it collapsed. "The Times" report of 1 September 1833 stated that the work was due to begin on 3 September, but elsewhere it is stated that all or some of the glass was already in place. Thomas Smith of Union Street in The Lanes, Brighton, was named as the glazier; he apparently reclaimed undamaged glass after the collapse and sold it at his workshop. About (100,000 panes) of glass were said to have been required to cover the structure.
After the collapse.
The ruined Anthaeum "enjoyed a certain amount of posthumous celebrity": the tangled remains stayed where they fell until the 1850s and became a tourist attraction. "The Times" reported that several hundred people had visited on the day after the collapse alone. English and the other builders disappeared and apparently left the country. Sir Isaac Goldsmid was left "distraught" at the disaster, which may have contributed to his loss of enthusiasm for the residential development he was sponsoring at Adelaide Crescent immediately to the south. Work based on Decimus Burton's design was abandoned in 1834 and did not resume until 1850; the scheme was scaled back and resumed by a different architect.
Prominent local architect Charles Busby attended a meeting at Brighton Town Hall some weeks after the collapse, at which proposals to rebuild the Anthaeum were discussed. He agreed to supply a new design, but the cost was estimated at up to £10,000 and the idea was abandoned. In 1850, Joseph Paxton—who was shortly to design The Crystal Palace in London for the Great Exhibition of 1851—visited Hove to inspect the wreckage and ask if the original designs were still available.
After nearly 20 years, the wreckage was eventually cleared in the early 1850s when the Palmeira Square residential development began. The central gardens of the square occupy the site. Work took place between around 1855 and 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="36819464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819464" title="2012–13 Dartmouth Big Green women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Dartmouth Big Green women's ice hockey season

The Dartmouth Big Green represented Dartmouth University in ECAC women's ice hockey. The Big Green will attempt to win the NCAA tournament for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="36819477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819477" title="Qaleh-ye Dulag">
Qaleh-ye Dulag

Qaleh-ye Dulag (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Dūlag) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819480" title="Rah Sefid">
Rah Sefid

Rah Sefid (, also Romanized as Rāh Sefīd) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 181, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819485" title="Shahrak-e Shahid Rajai, Ilam">
Shahrak-e Shahid Rajai, Ilam

Shahrak-e Shahid Rajai (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Rajā’ī; also known as Cham-e Shāţer) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 80, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819503" title="Shahrak-e Shahid Rajai">
Shahrak-e Shahid Rajai

Shahrak-e Shahid Rajai or Shahrak-e Shahid Rejai or Shahrak-e Shahidar Jai () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36819505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819505" title="Fraubrunnen Abbey">
Fraubrunnen Abbey

Fraubrunnen Abbey is a former Cistercian Abbey in the municipality of Fraubrunnen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
History.
In 1246, Counts Hartmann the Elder and Hartmann the Younger of Kyburg donated their land at Mülinen to establish a convent. Originally known as "Fons beate Marie", the convent was placed under the abbot of Frienisberg in 1249-50. The original land grant gave the Abbey lands, farms and forests as well as the right to hold the low court for Fraubrunnen. Over the following years it gained estates in a number of villages and vineyards on the shores of Lake Biel. It owned houses in Bern, Burgdorf and Solothurn and received the "Burgrecht" in those cities. The Abbey became one of the wealthiest in the Canton of Bern. The Abbey's nuns generally came from the ministerialis (unfree knights in the service of a feudal overlord) or bourgeoisie classes.
The original Abbey cloister and church were damaged and rebuilt following a fire in 1280 and again after a fire in 1375.
The Kyburgs held the title of "Kastvogt" or ecclesiastical reeve over the Abbey. In 1406, Bern acquired the land rights and high court rights over territory that included the Abbey. After the extinction of the Kyburg family in 1420, the "Kastvogt" title over the monastery also went to Bern.
With close ties to Bern, the Abbey could not escape the effects of the Protestant Reformation. Between 1481 and 1512 Bern attempted to limit the Abbess' power and regulate the convent. However, when Bern adopted the Reformation in 1528 the Abbey was quickly secularized and the nuns were moved out.
The secularized building became a castle and administrative center of the bailiwick of Fraubrunnen in the Zollikofen district. In 1535 the church and the east wing were demolished. In 1569-74 the cloister passageways were expanded and covered to became corridors in the main building. In 1647-48 the west wing was converted into a granary. The castle was pillaged by the French during the 1798 French invasion. Under the Act of Mediation in 1803 the old "Vogtei" dissolved and Fraubrunnen became the seat of a district of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="36819517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819517" title="Allison Jones (athlete)">
Allison Jones (athlete)

Allison Jones (born in Amarillo, Texas, on May 12, 1984) is a Paralympic skier and cyclist for the United States of America. She was born with the birth defect proximal femoral focal deficiency (PFFD), which left her without a right femur. She underwent surgery at age 7 months to amputate her right foot, allowing her to more easily wear a prosthetic leg. She received her first prosthetic leg at 9 months of age. Allison moved from Amarillo, TX to Colorado Springs, CO at age 2 and a half.
She has a mechanical engineering degree from University of Denver where she received the "Pioneer Award". At the 2006 Winter Paralympics she won a gold medal for slalom in the standing category. Before that she had won silver medals in the super-G and the giant slalom in the 2002 Winter Paralympics. She currently lives in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Most of her Paralympic medals have been at skiing, but she also won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in cycling.

</doc>
<doc id="36819518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819518" title="Ilam Industrial Estate">
Ilam Industrial Estate

Ilam Industrial Estate ( – "Shahraḵ-e Şanʿatī Īlām") is a village and company town in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 23 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36819523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819523" title="Soltanabad, Ilam">
Soltanabad, Ilam

Soltanabad (, also Romanized as Solţānābād) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819529" title="Go! (Tones on Tail song)">
Go! (Tones on Tail song)

"Go!" is a song by English post-punk band Tones on Tail.
The song was sampled in American electronic musician Moby's 1990 dance hit of the same title. The song was also notably featured in the 2003 cult film "Party Monster".
Single release.
It was released as the B-side to their 1984 "Lions" single, the latter song of which originally appeared on the band's only studio album, "Pop", released in the same year.
Critical reception.
AllMusic called the song "one of the defining moments of early-'80s new wave dance" that "remains a wonderful atypical dancefloor smash".

</doc>
<doc id="36819532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819532" title="Sanjavian">
Sanjavian

Sanjavian (, also Romanized as Sanjāvīān; also known as Sanjābīān) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819533" title="2012–13 Harvard Crimson women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Harvard Crimson women's ice hockey season

The Harvard Crimson represented Harvard University in ECAC women's ice hockey. The Crimison will attempt to win the NCAA tournament for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="36819545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819545" title="Sar Kamar, Ilam">
Sar Kamar, Ilam

Sar Kamar () is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819552" title="Taq Tavi">
Taq Tavi

Taq Tavi (, also Romanized as Ţāq Tāvī and Ţāqţāvī) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819555" title="Zam Zaman">
Zam Zaman

Zam Zaman (, also Romanized as Zam Zamān) is a village in Arkavazi Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819559" title="Chaman-e Seyyed Mohammad">
Chaman-e Seyyed Mohammad

Chaman-e Seyyed Mohammad (, also Romanized as Chaman-e Seyyed Moḩammad; also known as Mazār-e Seyyed Moḩammad and Mazār Saīyīd Mūhammad) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 196, in 49 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819563" title="Willy Howe">
Willy Howe

Willy Howe (also "Willey-Hou") is a tumulus in the Yorkshire Wolds, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
History and description.
Willy Howe is a large round barrow high, located between Wold Newton and Burton Fleming in the civil parish of Thwing. The mound has been recorded as being excavated several times: by Lord Londesborough in 1857; and by Rev. Greenwell in 1887. Neither found burials or grave goods; Greenwell found a feature approximating a shallow grave.
The structure has a central space, resulting from the 19th-century excavations, additionally an earthwork ramp created as part of Greenwell's excavations has also modified the site. Use as a Thingstead during the medieval period has been speculated.
Folklore.
Thomas Wright ascribed the barrow to be the location of a folktale recorded by William of Newburgh in the 12th century: the legend tells of a man returning home past the barrow at night, being surprised to hear sounds of feasting, merriment and singing emanating from the mound - on approaching the mound he was offered a cup of drink from fairy-folk there - being wary of the nature of the drink offered he emptied the cup and rode off on his horse with cup, pursued by the dwellers of the mound. According to the story, the vessel was of unusual form and colour, and eventually passed into the hands of Henry I, and later other Kings. At least two other fairy tales have been ascribed to the mound, one of an immovable chest of treasure, the other of a fairy bride depositing gold for her human lover.

</doc>
<doc id="36819574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819574" title="Dar Tut, Ilam">
Dar Tut, Ilam

Dar Tut (, also Romanized as Dār Tūt) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819592" title="Dani Díez">
Dani Díez

Daniel Díez de la Faya (born April 7, 1993) is a Spanish professional basketball player who currently plays for Real Madrid of the ACB League.
He is considered one of the most promising young talents of European basketball and one of the best international players of his generation (1993).
Professional career.
Dani Díez is a smart, competitive and solid player. He's a great defender and rebounder, and he's able to score in a number of ways offensively, as he can shoot the three, runs the floor well, and has a very high basketball IQ.
He started his playing career in 2005 in the U-14 Adecco Estudiantes, team that left to join the U-18 Real Madrid Baloncesto in 2009.
The following season, 2009/10, he debuted in the Real Madrid Baloncesto B in LEB Plata League.
During the 2011/12 season he becomes a crucial player in the Real Madrid Baloncesto B, coached by Alberto Angulo, and also began to train and travel with the Real Madrid first team. Díez finally debuts at ACB League in the match against Assignia Manresa played on 18/12/2011.
In June 2012 he was invited to the Adidas Eurocamp in Treviso (Italy), one of Europe's best showcase for young players. Dani Diez completed a fantastic tournament, scoring 16 points in the final game, and was named the Eurocamp's top small forward.
During the 2012/13 season he played for ACB League's Lagun Aro GBC, on loan. In the preseason he was one of the most outstanding players of his new team, averaging 10.2 points and 4 rebounds. In Week 5 of the Spanish League he gets his personal best score with 17 points.
In the summer of 2013 he returns to Real Madrid, to become one of the 12 players of the Spanish League champions and Euroleague runners-up. On August, 27, Díez started the preparation for the pre-season along with his teammates. On October, 5, they obtain the first title of the season, the Spanish Supercup, by defeating Barcelona in the final 83 to 79.
Spanish national team.
In 2009 he won the gold medal with the Spanish national team in the 2009 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship.
In July 2010 he played at the 2010 FIBA Under-17 World Championship, in Hamburg (Germany). He was the leading scorer and rebounder for the Spanish team, averaging 12.9 points and 7 rebounds per game.
In the summer of 2011 he won the gold medal at the 2011 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, being selected in the All-Tournament Team. He averaged 12.2 points and 10.4 rebounds in 26.6 minutes per game over the competition.
In July 2012 he played with the Spanish national team and obtained the Bronze Medal in the 2012 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. Despite being only 19 years old, he was selected in the All-Tournament Team, averaging 14.3 points and 5.9 rebounds per game, with a 56% field goal percentage. Diez was the leading scorer and rebounder for the Spanish team, playing both the forward and power forward positions.
In the summer of 2013 he won again the Bronze Medal in the 2013 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. Dani Díez continued to improve his game, being the most important player of the Spanish team and member of the All-Tournament Team for the 3rd consecutive year. His averages improved significantly compared to previous years, to 18.7 points (top scorer of the tournament) and 8.8 rebounds per game.

</doc>
<doc id="36819593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819593" title="Marion Laine">
Marion Laine

Marion Laine is a French actor, screenwriter and film director. Her 2008 film "A Simple Heart" was entered into the 30th Moscow International Film Festival where it won the Special Jury Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="36819599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819599" title="Galal-e Shahida">
Galal-e Shahida

Galal-e Shahida (, also Romanized as Galāl-e Shahidā) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819608" title="Galal, Iran">
Galal, Iran

Galal or Gelal () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36819612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819612" title="Ganjevan, Ilam">
Ganjevan, Ilam

Ganjevan (, also Romanized as Ganjevān; also known as Kanjavān) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 349, in 82 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819628" title="Ganjevan">
Ganjevan

Ganjevan or Ganjavan or Gonjevan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36819629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819629" title="Thondavaram">
Thondavaram

Thondavaram is a village in Ambajipeta Mandal in the East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Thondavaram is a nearest village to the district headquarters Kakinada, Kakinada is 376 km distance from state main city Hyderabad.
population 1400
pin 533221
telephone code 08856
Demographics.
As of 2001 India census, Thondavaram has a population of 3708 in 890 households.

</doc>
<doc id="36819636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819636" title="Gereh Cheqa, Ilam">
Gereh Cheqa, Ilam

Gereh Cheqa (, also Romanized as Gereh Cheqā) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819649" title="Gereh Cheqa">
Gereh Cheqa

Gereh Cheqa or Gareh Choqa or Gareh Cheqa or Goreh Choqa () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36819652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819652" title="1994 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles">
1994 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Doubles

Gary Muller and Danie Visser were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals this year.
Jakob Hlasek and Yevgeny Kafelnikov won the title, defeating Martin Damm and Patrick Rafter 6–7, 7–6, 7–6 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36819655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819655" title="Mir Makan">
Mir Makan

Mir Makan (, also Romanized as Mīr Makān) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 107, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819659" title="Pacheh-ye Anjir">
Pacheh-ye Anjir

Pacheh-ye Anjir (, also Romanized as Pācheh-ye Ānjīr) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819663" title="Pacham-e Deh Harun">
Pacham-e Deh Harun

Pacham-e Deh Harun (, also Romanized as Pācham-e Deh Hārūn; also known as Deh-e Hārūn) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 183, in 43 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819672" title="Pa Qaleh, Ilam">
Pa Qaleh, Ilam

Pa Qaleh (, also Romanized as Pā Qal‘eh) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819675" title="Qebleh, Ilam">
Qebleh, Ilam

Qebleh () is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819679" title="Rizehvand">
Rizehvand

Rizehvand (, also Romanized as Rīzehvand; also known as Rīzehvand-e Būlī) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819696" title="Shahrak-e Sartang-e Bijar">
Shahrak-e Sartang-e Bijar

Shahrak-e Sartang-e Bijar (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Sartang-e Bījār) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819704" title="2012–13 Boston College Eagles women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Boston College Eagles women's ice hockey season

The Boston College Eagles represented Boston College in Hockey East women's ice hockey. The Eagles will attempt to win the NCAA tournament for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="36819706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819706" title="Shirin Ab, Ilam">
Shirin Ab, Ilam

Shirin Ab (, also Romanized as Shīrīn Āb) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819709" title="Lebanoraphidia">
Lebanoraphidia

Lebanoraphidia is an extinct genus of snakefly in the family Mesoraphidiidae. The genus is solely known from Cretaceous, Upper Neocomian, fossil amber found in Lebanon. Currently the genus is composed of a single species Lebanoraphidia nana.
History and classification.
"Lebanoraphidia nana" is known only from two fossils, the holotype, specimen number SMNS LB-235-2, and the paratype, number SMNS LB-235-1, both of which are housed in the State Museum of Natural History Stuttgart in Germany. The specimens consist of partially complete adult insects with the holotype being of unidentified sex and the paratype being female. The specimens are preserved in transparent chunks of amber which have been embedded in artificial blocks of resin for study. The fossils were recovered from the outcrops of upper Neocomian rocks dating to about 130 million years old and yielding amber produced by Kauri pines. The outcrops are in the area of Jezzine in southern Lebanon. "Lebanoraphidia" was first studied by the paleoentomologists Günter Bechly and Karin Wolf-Schwenninger, both of the State Museum of Natural History Stuttgart. Their 2011 type description of the new genus and species was published in the entomology journal "Insect Systematics & Evolution". The genus name "Lebanoraphidia" was coined by the researchers as a combination of the snakefly genus "Raphidia" and "Lebano" which is in reference to the country of Lebanon where the genus was found. The specific epithet "nana" is taken from the Greek word "nanos" meaning dwarf. The name is a reference to the minute size of the adults. "Lebanoraphidia nana" is one of four described snakefly genera placed into the tribe Nanoraphidiini and the smallest described to date. The other three genera are "Grimaldiraphidia", "Cantabroraphidia", and the type genus "Nanoraphidia".
Description.
The holotype specimen is an adult of unidentified sex due to the specimen missing all parts below the thorax. The paratype female is also incomplete, with the head missing, a white "slimy" growth along the abdomen and the thorax crushed. Overall the head capsule for the species is generally rhombohedral in outline with antennae composed of an estimated thirty eight flagellomeres. Unlike other members of the tribe, the pronotum of "Lebanoraphidia" is about 0.25 times longer than the head, in the other genera it is equal to or subequal to the head in length. The wings are mostly preserved, with the holotypes left forewing entire and the paratypes right hind wing only missing a section of vein structure. The other wings on both specimens are partial to completely missing. The complete forewing of the holotype shows a full length to of and a maximum width of , notably smaller than the other genera in Nanoraphidiini. The paratype specimens hind wing shows an overall length of , while the holotype specimens has an overall length of .

</doc>
<doc id="36819715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819715" title="Iberoraphidia">
Iberoraphidia

Iberoraphidia is an extinct genus of snakefly in the family Mesoraphidiidae. The genus is solely known from a Cretaceous, Lower Barremian, fossil found in Spain. Currently the genus is composed of a single species, Iberoraphidia dividua.
History and classification.
"Iberoraphidia dividua" is known only from one fossil, the part and counterpart holotype, specimen number GZG.RF.7563. which is housed in the Geo-Sciences center of the University of Göttingen in Germany. The specimen is preserved as a compression fossil in lithographic limestone, dating to the Lower Barremian age, which was recovered from outcrops produced by deposition of carbonate mud in a brackish or freshwater lagoon. The outcrop is located in the Serra del Montsec region near the town of Santa Maria de Meia, province of Lleida. "Iberoraphidia" was first studied by the paleoentomologists James E. Jepson and Edmund A. Jarzembowski from the United Kingdom and Jörg Ansorge from Germany. Their 2011 type description of the new genus and species was published in the entomology journal "Palaeontology". The genus name "Iberoraphidia" was coined by the researchers as a combination of the snakefly genus "Raphidia" and "Ibero" which is in reference to the Iberian Peninsula where the type locality is. The specific epithet "dividua" is taken from the word "divided" and is a reference to the unique divided structure of the pterostigma.
Description.
The holotype is composed of a single fully complete adult forewing of in length with distinct macrotrichiae on both the C vein and parts of the R vein. The overall vein structure displayed by the specimen is most similar to that seen in the family Mesoraphidiidae, being distinctly simpler in structure then venation seen in the family Baissopteridae. Several features of the wing are used to distinguish "Iberoraphidia" from other Mesoraphidiidae genera. The wing possesses a fork of the MA and MP veins that is closer to the wing base then seen in most other genera, with only the genus "Ororaphidia" having a similar shift. "Iberoraphidia" can be further separated from both "Ororaphidia" and other Mesoraphidiids by the distinctly divided pterostigma. In total the pterostigma is over long, however the basal and apical sections are separated by a long middle cell.

</doc>
<doc id="36819723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819723" title="Fairyland (game)">
Fairyland (game)

Fairyland is a 2D fantasy MMORPG. The game is free-to-play, but players can purchase "Points" to get in-game boni (Freemium).
It was first released 2002 in Taiwan, 2004 in USA and 2005 in Europe. The English version is free-to-play since November 2007 and includes all released expansions.
Gameplay.
Player characters gain experience points by solving NPC quests and fighting mobs (in turn-based random encounters). When a characters reaches level 10, the player can choose an occupation out of 6 classes. Mobs can be tamed by players to become their pets. Characters can learn different working skills to produce items and equipment.
The quest stories are derived from fairy tales of many different countries worldwide (e.g. Mermaid Princess, Alice in Wonderland, and The Wizard of Oz).
FairyLand 2.
In August 2012, the sequel "FairyLand 2" was published by Infocomm Asia Holdings, but still developed by Lager Network Technologies. It's a free-to-play 3D MMORPG.

</doc>
<doc id="36819726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819726" title="Shirin Ab">
Shirin Ab

Shirin Ab () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36819727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819727" title="List of wars involving Tanzania">
List of wars involving Tanzania

The following is a list of wars involving Tanzania since its formation in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="36819732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819732" title="Sarcham-e Deh Harun">
Sarcham-e Deh Harun

Sarcham-e Deh Harun (, also Romanized as Sarcham-e Deh Hārūn) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 102, in 21 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819736" title="Sarchamlu">
Sarchamlu

Sarchamlu (, also Romanized as Sarchamlū) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819740" title="Sarpitak">
Sarpitak

Sarpitak (, also Romanized as Sarpītak; also known as Sar Pītang) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819742" title="Panchagrama Brahmins">
Panchagrama Brahmins

The Panchagrama Brahmins (Kannada: ಪಂಚಗ್ರಾಮ ಬ್ರಾಹ್ಮಣರು) are a Brahmin community that follow the Smartha Sampradaya. They belong to the Indian state of Karnataka, and reside primarily in the districts of Udupi, Shimoga and Chikmaglur, Bengaluru and other cities.
Etymology.
The words "Panchagrama Brahmin" (पंचग्रामब्राह्मण) are from Sanskrit and the term translates as "one Brahmin from five villages".
Classification.
The Panchagrama Brahmins belong to the group of Pancha Dravida Brahmins in Karnataka. Though the Panchagramis primarily speak Kannada, they are classified as one of the six subdivisions of Tulu Brahmins, along with other Kannada and Tulu speaking Brahmins of South Canara. This is because Tulu is predominant in the erstwhile South Canara district (of which the present Udupi district was a part).
Language.
The Panchagrama Brahmins speak Kannada as their first language. The standard dialect is spoken by those in Shimoga and Chikmanglur, whereas in the Kundapura taluka of Udupi district, Kundagannada is in parlance. Additionally, Sanskrit is used for religious rituals.
Family deity.
The Shankaranarayana Temple at Shankaranarayana, whose deity is a confluence of both Shankara (Shiva) and Narayana ( Vishnu), houses the family deity of the Panchagramis. The Udbhava Linga, a naturally formed lingam of Lord Shankara and Lord Narayana, is the main deity of this temple. The lingam is a foot below ground, inside the Garbhagudi and only its mirror image can be seen by the devotees. A legend ascribes the founding of the holy place to Maharishi Parashurama as one of seven others. The village is located in a valley near the Sahyadris in Udupi district, at a distance of 25 km from the coast. Shankaranarayana, Subrahmanya, Udupi, Kumbhakaashi, Koteshwara, Kolluru and Gokarna are the seven holy places which constitute the Parashurama Kshetra. Tirthamuttur, located in the Thirthahalli taluk of Shimoga district. This Matha came into existence during the period of the Vijayanagara Empire. It is located on the banks of the Tunga river, along with an ancient Yoga Narasimha Swamy temple.1st Mutt (Mula Matam)was started at Shankaranarayana (Dist Udupi)North to the Sri Kroda Shankaranarayana Temple, presently known as KELAMATA by Sri Jnanedra Bharati(1st) Swamiji,(AD 1389) coronated by Sri Sri Chandrashekara Swamiji (1st)of Sringeri Peetam. 17th and the last of the Guru was Sri Jnanendra Bharati Swamiji (5th). He attained Brahmaikya in AD 1985. After 615years of Guruparampara, now the Peetam is vacant. At present Shishya Sabha Trust is maintaining the Matam.
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/52/Mutt_-_River_facing_door.jpg

</doc>
<doc id="36819746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819746" title="McClure Naismith">
McClure Naismith

McClure Naismith LLP is a firm of Scottish commercial solicitors, headquartered in Glasgow and with further offices in Edinburgh and London. Founded in 1826 it is one of the older firms in Scotland, and is generally considered a mid-tier firm. Its 2010 turnover of £13.9m (which dropped to £13.1m in 2011) placed it at 133 in "The Lawyer" magazine's list of the largest UK firms.
Practice.
The firm's practice areas include Banking & Asset Finance, Consumer Finance Debt Recovery, Construction, Corporate, Dispute Resolution (encompassing Litigation, Family and Employment), Private Client, Projects, and Real Estate.
It is rated by legal directory Legal500 as a first tier firm in Debt Recovery and as a second tier firm in Projects and Intellectual Property. In the Chambers and Partners directory, Consumer Finance partner Frank Johnstone is rated as Band 1, while the firm is rated Band 2 for Partnership, Personal Injury (Defendant) and Real Estate Litigation.
Locations.
The firm has its head office on St. Vincent Street in Glasgow, with additional offices in the central Fountainbridge business district of Edinburgh and on King William Street in London, by London Bridge.
History.
The firm was founded in October 1826 by James Drew, a sole practitioner practising from his father's home at Auldhouse, Pollokshaws. His practice was mainly in debt recovery, with a small amount of conveyancing. He moved the following year to an office in Hutcheson Street in the City Centre, named after the Hutchesons' Hospital which stood at its head, and thereafter to various other premises in the city. On 1 April 1843, whilst based in Buchanan Street, he assumed John McClure as a partner for a term of fifteen years, forming the partnership of Drew & McClure. At the end of the fifteen years, on 31 March 1858, Drew retired, and the following day McClure went into partnership with John Naismith, again for a term of fifteen years, forming McClure & Naismith.
On 15 September the year after, 1859, McClure & Naismith assumed Robert Brodie as a partner for the remaining period of their partnership agreement i.e. until 31 March 1873, changing the firm name to McClure, Naismith & Brodie. The following year, Brodie took up the position of Clerk to the Company of Stationers of Glasgow, a post held today by Gordon Shearer, private client partner in the firm. In 1862, the firm moved to 81 St. Vincent Street, and, although not at the same number, remains in that street to this day. Duncan Macfarlane was added to the partnership on 1 April 1869, shortly before the expiry of the McClure & Naismith partnership agreement, although the name was not changed at this time. Drew died in London on 24 March 1879.
When the McClure & Naismith partnership agreement expired on 31 March 1873, McClure retired, and the remaining partners, Naismith, Brodie and Macfarlane, agreed to continue in partnership for a further ten years, adding Macfarlane's name to the title whilst retaining McClure's. Various other partners came and went, and on 1 April 1881, the firm's name was again changed, to McClure, Naismith, Brodie & Co., which name it would retain for the next hundred years. McClure died in Glasgow on 17 March 1886, Macfarlane at Innellan on 8 August 1880, Naismith at Glasgow on 17 November 1885, and Brodie in Glasgow on 25 April 1909.
Subsequent partners in the firm included William Brodie, son of Robert Brodie, assumed in 1889; John Girvan, Professor of Conveyancing in the University of Glasgow from 1927 to 1946, assumed in 1914; James Sutherland, President of the Law Society from 1972 to 1975, assumed in 1951; James Inglis, Professor of Conveyancing in the University of Glasgow from 1979 to 1993, assumed in 1956; and Aline Patterson, the first female partner, assumed in 1969. In 1983, McClure, Naismith, Brodie & Co. merged with Anderson & Gardiner, forming McClure Naismith Anderson & Gardiner, which was later shortened to the present McClure Naismith. The firm converted to a limited liability partnership in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36819749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819749" title="CrossCharge">
CrossCharge

CrossCharge is a device for charging electric vehicles (EV) without driver
intervention, using conductive charging. CrossCharge is the world’s first conductive charging system for an electric vehicle. It connects potentially any EV car battery to the electrical power source while the driver walks away; a true park and walk system. The system consists of two halves (or rather, two bars referred as crossbars) – one installed on the vehicle and one installed on the floor of a garage or in a parking lot. The automated ground unit detects the car above it and brings the two pieces together instigating an electrical current to flow into the cross point of vehicle side bar, charging the EV. As the vehicle is parked over the charger, the device remains seamlessly connected to the vehicle and brings it to fully charged state – ready for the next use. Some major benefits include maximizing user convenience to promote EV adoption. In addition, the device in particular has passed all safety regulations and thus is the safest hands-free charger to be available on the market. CrossCharge is expected to be available in the spring of 2013.
Background.
Charging through conduction is based on the age-old technology of metal to metal connection.
The technology involves contact between a charged object and a neutral object. In contrast to
induction, where the charged object is brought near but never contacted to the object being
charged, conduction charging involves making the physical connection of the charged object to
the neutral object. Because charging by conduction involves contact, it is often called charging
by contact and has the least transfer loss.
CrossCharge by GreenDot Transportation claims to be the world’s first conductive hands-free
charging system for electric vehicles, it is a product of Green Dot Transportation, founded in
2010 States Patent Application 20090011616.
Technology.
The charger represents a new generation of clean energy possibilities towards maximizing
user satisfaction and convenience, the cornerstone for wide-scale adoption of electric vehicles.
The EV industry is presently trying to develop an “inductive” charging solution. However,
this approach has inherent issues of safety and efficiency due to accompanying stay magnetic
fields. Up to 25% energy can be lost – potentially creating a hazard for pace makers and heating
of ferromagnetic structures in the vicinity.
The conductive approach GreenDot has taken provides following benefits to the EV owners:
-Upwards of 99% efficiency
-Zero magnetic fields: safe for pets, pacemakers, passengers
-Automated, hands-free, and “sloppy parking” proof
-Half the cost of current inductive technology
-Little to no mechanical installation
-Ready for use on all electric vehicles 

</doc>
<doc id="36819752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819752" title="Varhal Cheshmeh Ramezan">
Varhal Cheshmeh Ramezan

Varhal Cheshmeh Ramezan (, also Romanized as Varhāl Cheshmeh Rameẕān; also known as Cheshmeh Ramezān and Cheshmeh Rameẕān) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819759" title="Banqalan">
Banqalan

Banqalan (, also Romanized as Bānqalān; also known as Bāneh Kalān and Bāngalān) is a village in Deh Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,586, in 510 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819769" title="Chalsara">
Chalsara

Chalsara (, also Romanized as Chālsarā and Chāl Sarā) is a village in Alishervan Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,910, in 606 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819775" title="Cheshmeh Kabud, Ilam">
Cheshmeh Kabud, Ilam

Cheshmeh Kabud (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Kabūd) is a village in Keshvari Rural District, in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 941, in 213 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819779" title="Siloam Springs High School">
Siloam Springs High School

Siloam Springs High School is a comprehensive public high school for grades nine through twelve serving the community of Siloam Springs, Arkansas, United States. Located in the foothill of the Ozark Mountains and within the Fayetteville–Springdale–Rogers Metropolitan Area, Siloam Springs High School is the sole high school managed in Benton County by the Siloam Springs School District.
History.
With community support, the new Siloam Springs High School opened in August 2011 serving about 1,200 ninth through twelfth grade students. Siloam Springs High School has a continued partnership with nearby John Brown University located in Siloam Springs.
Academics.
Curriculum.
The assumed course of study at Siloam Springs High School is the Smart Core curriculum developed by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE). Students engage in regular and Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams to obtain at least 22 units before graduation. Exceptional students have been recognized as National Merit Finalists and participated in Arkansas Governor's School. Students who qualify may seek participation in the Arkansas School for Mathematics, Sciences, and the Arts (ASMSA), Model United Nations, Media Festival, Odyssey of the Mind, and student competitions and festivals beyond the local district.
Awards and recognition.
In the Spring of 2012 Siloam Springs High School was awarded a Silver rating from U.S. News and World Report indicating that the high school is among the top high schools in the nation.
Extracurricular activities.
The Siloam Springs High School mascot is the panther and maroon and gray serve as the school colors.
Athletics.
For the 2012–14 seasons, the Siloam Springs Panthers participate in the state's second largest classification (6A) within the combined 6A/7A West Conference. Competition is primarily sanctioned by the Arkansas Activities Association with the Panthers competing in baseball, basketball (boys/girls), bowling, competitive cheer, cross country, debate, football, golf (boys/girls), soccer (boys/girls), softball, swimming (boys/girls), tennis (boys/girls, track and field, and volleyball.
The boys' cross country team has captured eight state championships between 1997 and 2009. In 2001, the girls' volleyball team won its first of seven state championships, followed by a state-record six consecutive titles (2004-2009). The girls' swimming and diving team has won two consecutive state championships (1982, 1983), followed by the boys' soccer championship (2011, 2012). Siloam Springs boasts the 2011 NSCAA Arkansas Boys High School Player of the Year award winner. The boys' bowling team won the 2011 7A state championship.
The 7A West Conference consists of:
Clubs and traditions.
For those students wishing to join clubs at SSHS, the following are available: Future Farmers of America (FFA), FCCLA, Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA), Health Occupation Students of America (HOSA), National Honor Society, Spanish Club, French Club, Junior Bank Board, Fashion Club, Mu Alpha Theta (math honor society), and the Beta Club service and honor society.

</doc>
<doc id="36819786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819786" title="2012–13 Wisconsin Badgers women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Wisconsin Badgers women's ice hockey season

The Wisconsin Badgers represented the University of Wisconsin in WCHA women's ice hockey. The Badgers attempted to win the NCAA tournament for the fifth time, in the school's history.

</doc>
<doc id="36819791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819791" title="Fatemiyeh, Ilam">
Fatemiyeh, Ilam

Fatemiyeh (, also Romanized as Fatemīyeh and Fāţemīyeh; also known as Farahābād) is a village in Deh Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,411, in 267 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819797" title="City rail loop">
City rail loop

City Rail Link may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36819806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819806" title="McClures">
McClures

McClures may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36819807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819807" title="Mehdiabad, Ilam">
Mehdiabad, Ilam

Mehdiabad (, also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Keshvari Rural District, in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,357, in 257 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819811" title="Matalvan">
Matalvan

Matalvan (, also Romanized as Matalvān) is a village in Deh Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819814" title="Shahrak-e Qods, Ilam">
Shahrak-e Qods, Ilam

Shahrak-e Qods () is a village in Deh Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 284, in 52 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819820" title="Đặng Thị Ngọc Hân">
Đặng Thị Ngọc Hân

Đặng Thị Ngọc Hân (born 11 March 1989 in Hanoi, Vietnam) is the winner of the 2010 Miss Vietnam. pageant that takes place in Tuần Châu, Quảng Ninh on August 14, 2010.
Biography.
She was born and grew up in Hanoi, Vietnam. Her grandfather is notable teacher Đặng Đình Huân who is well known in Haiphong. She entered in the 2010 Miss Vietnam contest and won while studying department at the Hanoi College of Fine Arts.
She started to model at the age of 16 and had become a familiar face on the runway in Hanoi. She has been awarded: Most photogenic Vietnamese model in 2006, Miss Icon Student 2005, First price of product program Yomost, Most beautiful female student at Tran nhan Tong High School.

</doc>
<doc id="36819823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819823" title="Radford railway station">
Radford railway station

Radford railway station was on the Midland Main Line and Robin Hood Line in Radford, Nottingham. It was opened by the Midland Railway in 1848, and closed in 1964. No trace of it remains beyond different coloured brickwork on the A609 road bridge where steps went down to the platform, and some windows which can be seen from the Jubilee Campus of The University of Nottingham

</doc>
<doc id="36819826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819826" title="István Jósika">
István Jósika

Baron István Jósika de Branyicska (? – 11 September 1598) was a Hungarian noble in the Principality of Transylvania, who served as Chancellor of Transylvania from Autumn 1594 to August 1598. He was the ancestor and first prominent member of the "Baron Jósika de Branyicska" family.
Biography.
His father was Dániel Jósika de Karánsebes, who functioned as vice-ispán of Szörény County. István had five siblings. He married Borbála Füzy (widow of Pál Gyulai) in 1593, they had a son, Zsigmond.
Jósika raised among the Transylvanian aristocrats, because his wife was related to the Báthory family. István became founder of his family's property. In 1585, he became a secretary for the Chancellery. After the death of Farkas Kovacsóczy, he was appointed Chancellor of Transylvania by Prince Sigismund Báthory. The monarch donated the confiscated estates of László Szalánczi to Jósika, like Zsidóvár (today: "Jidoara, Romania") and Branyicska (today: "Brănișca, Romania"). He took his title of nobility from the latter village's name. He was also promoted to the rank of Baron. According to historian István Szamosközy, Jósika was responsible for the execution of his predecessor, because he wanted Kovacsóczy's office.
He was mentioned as Captain General in September 1597. He besieged Temesvár (today: "Timișoara, Romania") on 17 October 1597, but he was forced to retire ten days later. Jósika was a trusted man of Báthory, the prince often sent him to Italy and Prague as his envoy. He also negotiated with Emperor Rudolf.
When the Holy Roman Emperor became Prince of Transylvania after series of conflicts and abdication of Báthory, he appointed Archduchess Maria Christina (wife of Sigismund Báthory) as his Regent. Jósika also held the position of Chancellor. However he became advocate of the pro-Ottoman politics in Transylvania. His activity revealed. He was arrested and imprisoned on 4 April 1598. Sigismund Báthory returned to Transylvania and marched into Kolozsvár (today: "Cluj-Napoca, Romania") to retake his throne. The prince accused him to want to obtain the power, as a result he was decapitated without judgement before gate of the Szatmár Castle.
Legacy.
His widow married to Zsigmond Sármasági. Jósika's possessions were confiscated, but later his son, Zsigmond, regained them. His life inspired the novel of his descendant, Miklós Jósika ("Jósika István" I-V, Pest, 1847).

</doc>
<doc id="36819832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819832" title="Matricellular protein">
Matricellular protein

A matricellular protein is dynamically expressed non-structural protein that is present in the extracellular matrix (ECM). Rather than serving as stable structural elements in the ECM, these proteins are rapidly turned over and have regulatory roles. These proteins characteristically contain binding sites for ECM structural proteins and cell surface receptors, and may sequester and modulate activities of specific growth factors.
Examples of matricellular proteins include the CCN family of proteins (also known as CCN intercellular signaling protein), fibulin(s), osteopontin, periostin, SPARC family members, tenascin(s), and thrombospondins. Many of these proteins have important functions in wound healing and tissue repair.

</doc>
<doc id="36819840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819840" title="Rabindra Sarobar Stadium">
Rabindra Sarobar Stadium

Rabindra Sarobar Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kolkata, India. It is used for football matches and serves as the home of Tollygunge Agragami of the Calcutta Premier Division. It holds 26,000 spectators and opened in 1961. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819841" title="Shahrak-e Shahid Kashvari">
Shahrak-e Shahid Kashvari

Shahrak-e Shahid Kashvari (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Kashvarī) is a village in Keshvari Rural District, in the Central District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,749, in 819 families. It is the capital villgae of the Rural district which was established on March 9, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819845" title="Chaviz">
Chaviz

Chaviz (, also Romanized as Chāvīz) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 177, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819847" title="Chenar Bashi">
Chenar Bashi

Chenar Bashi (, also Romanized as Chenār Bāshī) is a village in Alishervan Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 462, in 83 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819851" title="Changiyeh-ye Qajar">
Changiyeh-ye Qajar

Changiyeh-ye Qajar (, also Romanized as Changīyeh-ye Qajar; also known as Changīyeh, Changīyeh Gāvdārī, and Gāvdārī-ye Changīyeh) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 321, in 73 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819857" title="Jean Étienne Duby">
Jean Étienne Duby

Jean Étienne Duby (15 February 1798, Geneva – 24 November 1885) was a Swiss clergyman and botanist.
He studied theology in Geneva, obtaining his consecration in 1820, and having an avid interest in natural history, he earned his degree in natural sciences in 1824. As a young man he was influenced by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle (1778–1841), and made contributions towards Candolle's publication of "Botanicon gallicum; seu Synopsis plantarum in Flora gallica descriptarum" (1828-1830). 
From 1831 to 1863 he served as a pastor in Eaux-Vives, Geneva, while in the meantime playing an active role in botany. He specialized in research of cryptogams, including studies of European and exotic mosses, and taxonomic work involving the red algae genus- "Ceramium". In addition to his work with cryptogams, he conducted studies on the flowering plant family- Primulaceae. 
In 1860–61 he was president of the "Société de physique et d'histoire naturelle de Genève". He was also a corresponding member of the " Société de biologie de Paris" and of the Moscow Society of Naturalists. Today, his herbarium is part of the "general herbarium" at the "Conservatoire et Jardin botaniques" in Geneva.

</doc>
<doc id="36819861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819861" title="Cheshmeh Davi">
Cheshmeh Davi

Cheshmeh Davi (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Dāvī) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 71, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819866" title="Darvand, Ilam">
Darvand, Ilam

Darvand (, also Romanized as Dārvand; also known as Dārvand-e Mīsh Khāş) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 364, in 67 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819874" title="Ganjeh, Ilam">
Ganjeh, Ilam

Ganjeh () is a village in Alishervan Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 169, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819896" title="Hoseynabad, Ilam">
Hoseynabad, Ilam

Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Mīsh Khāş) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 618, in 134 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819911" title="Kolah Kabud, Ilam">
Kolah Kabud, Ilam

Kolah Kabud (, also Romanized as Kolah Kabūd; also known as Gol Kabūd-e Mīsh Khāş) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 359, in 70 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819915" title="Opuntia azurea">
Opuntia azurea

Opuntia azurea (Purple Prickly Pear or coyotillo) is a long-spined prickly pear that is native to a variety of habitats, including desert, mountain grasslands, and slopes in the Big Bend region of Texas and in the states of Coahuila, Chihuahua, Durango, and Zacatecas in Mexico. It flowers from March to May, with bright yellow flowers with red centres which produce red/purple fruits. "Opuntia azurea" forms sprawling clusters, two to three feet high.
Its subspecies include: 

</doc>
<doc id="36819920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819920" title="Mahmudabad, Ilam">
Mahmudabad, Ilam

Mahmudabad (, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād; also known as Maḩmūdābād-e Mīsh Khāş) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 854, in 171 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819928" title="Meydan, Ilam">
Meydan, Ilam

Meydan (, also Romanized as Meydān; also known as Meydān-e Mīsh Khāş) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 869, in 172 families. The village became the capital of Mishkhas Rural District after the creation of Sivan District and the assignment of Jafarabad, the previous capital of the rural district as the capital of the newly created district on March 9, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36819934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819934" title="Maleh Panjab">
Maleh Panjab

Maleh Panjab (, also Romanized as Maleh Panjāb) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819937" title="Kripashankar Singh">
Kripashankar Singh

Kripashankar Singh is an Indian politician with the Indian National Congress party. He was a minister of state in the 2004 Maharashtra state cabinet. He was involved in the Congress gains in Mumbai against Shiv Sena in the Maharashtra assembly elections, 2009. He was the president of the Mumbai chapter of the party until June 2011, when he resigned citing moral responsibility for the defeat that his party suffered under his leadership in Mumbai Municipal election.
Life.
Kripashankar Singh hails from Jaunpur in Uttar Pradesh. Like every other migrant from UP, Kripashankar Singh toiled hard to earn a living for his family back home. He was employed in a private company for sometime and also engaged in hawking fruits and vegetables after office hours. 
His interest in politics veered him towards joining the Congress party. His leadership qualities and commitment to social work helped him rise from an ordinary worker to being elected as A General Secretary of Mumbai Congress. His loyalty to the party earned him a nomination as a Member of Legislative Council (MLC). Kripashankar Singh has fought elections to the Maharashtra Assembly Constituency and has been an elected MLA for 3 consecutive terms. He represents the Kalina Assembly Constituency. 
The affable mass leader has been the Minister of State for Home in the Maharashtra Government besides being the President of the Mumbai Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="36819942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819942" title="Pagal-e Garab">
Pagal-e Garab

Pagal-e Garab (, also Romanized as Pāgal-e Garāb; also known as Garāb, Gorab, Pākal Gadāb, Pākal Garāb, and Pay-e Kal-e Garāb) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,139, in 203 families. It is the capital villgae of the Rural district which was established on March 9, 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819943" title="Alchemy (event)">
Alchemy (event)

Alchemy is a burn event operated according to the 10 Principles of Burning Man held annually in the early fall. Alchemy was first held in 2007 and grew quickly to become the largest regional burn in the United States and second largest in the world in 2012. In 2013, the event cap was lowered by approximately 1,000.
Alchemy is held at Cherokee Farms, a private campground in La Fayette, Georgia, approximately 100 miles northwest of Atlanta.
Alchemy and its sister event Euphoria are now managed by the Georgia non-profit Flashpoint Artists Initiative.
Event Management.
Each year's event is managed by a team of 3-5 individuals, designated as the Event Lead Team (ELT), chosen by the Flashpoint Artists Initiative (FAI) Board of Directors. A public call out is made by the Board and is distributed via FAI's newsletter, The Alchemist, along with all of their social media outlets. Soon after their selection, the ELT submits an event budget proposal to the Board for approval. This proposal typically contains an overall operations budget for the event, ticket price, ticket cap, event dates, and event location.
The ELT, utilizing the same communications outlets, then makes public call outs for the individual teams that manage the day-to-day operations of the event teams. The team leads are chosen by the ELT, and there are typically 2-5 people chosen to lead each team.
None of Alchemy's ELT and Team Leads are paid for their services and operate on a 100% volunteer basis. From time to time, they may be compensated with food, gas money, or other similar expenses.
Alchemy Public Works (APW).
APW is responsible for deploying and maintaining event infrastructure such as generators, tools, and shade structures. In conjunction with Fire Safety and EMS, they are also responsible for preparing the effigy to be burned on the Saturday night of the event. They also work with the ELT and the Board on acquiring new equipment and infrastructure.
Art.
The Art Team works with the Alchemy Art Fundraiser Event Leads to facilitate artists being able to bring and place their art installations at the event. They are the point-of-contact between Alchemy funded artists and the Placement Team, the Fire Safety Team (for art that is to be burned or utilizes open flames), and documenting art at the event.
Center Camp.
Center Camp is housed under a large circus tent and is intended to be a stage for any and all participants at the event to showcase their art and expression. The Center Camp Leads are responsible for facilitating participants scheduling their own performances, coordinating with artists on showcasing their art, procuring furniture for participants to use throughout the event, as well as setting up and maintaining the camp's sound system.
Connexus.
Connexus is the main information clearinghouse at the event itself. Connexus is the place to go if you want information about the land, locations of various camps and activities, teams and volunteer opportunities, theme camp locations and registration, and lost and found.
Department of Mutant Vehicles (DMV).
The DMV is responsible for ensuring the registration and safe operation of mobile works of creative expression otherwise known as mutant vehicles, as well as ensuring only mutant vehicles are operating on Alchemy streets. Additionally, the DMV is responsible for ensuring all cars are parked in the designated parking areas only.
Effigy Team.
The Effigy Team is responsible for designing and building the event's effigy, a large wooden art piece that is burned on the Saturday night of the event.
Emergency Management Services (EMS).
EMS coordinates with First Aid, Rangers, and Fire Safety to create, update, and implement standard operating procedures for different possible emergency scenarios. EMS is also a point-of-contact between law enforcement and the Event Leads.
Fire Safety.
The Fire Safety team is responsible for maintaining safety at large scale burns and fire-related installations. This team coordinates with artists and emergency service personnel to determine appropriate safety parameters for anything regarding fire. The team is responsible for developing emergency response procedures in conjunction with the Event Lead Team. This team develops a fire safety plan and communicates that plan to local authorities and ensures compliance with all local, state and federal laws.
First Aid.
First Aid is responsible for procuring and maintaining basic first aid materials. Participants may request the use of these materials should they decide they require them. The First Aid team also works with the paid, licensed, and insured Emergency Medical Technicians.
Principles Education Team (PET).
PET organizes the volunteers who provide a greeting function to new arrivals at the event. PET is usually the second set of individuals encountered by new arrivals after the Gate workers. As such, Greeters can be helpful in building the burn "bubble" for newly arriving participants. Greeters are also responsible for the education and acculturation of all participants as they enter the event.
Lamplighters.
The Lamplighters Team lights the city’s streets, and maintains the lamps. Each night before sunrise, the Lamplighters place lamps on lampp poles, which were set into the ground prior to the event. Lamplighters are a prestigious group with deep and mysterious rituals.
Leave No Trace (LNT).
The LNT team is responsible for continuing education about the Leave No Trace philosophy and techniques. The Team helps Alchemy participants identify ways to keep their own camps clean and is also the lead organizer for post-festival site recovery.
Placement.
The Placement and Theme Camp team plans and maps out the city. Participants apply, and the team places theme camps, villages, and hamlets in requested areas whenever possible and feasible.
Rangers.
Rangers are primarily concerned with safety issues, maintaining the community’s standards, and helping people resolve conflicts. They help participants solve their own problems using non-confrontational mediation. Rangers do not have any special authority; what they do have is specific training and resources that enable them to deal with situations and scenarios beyond the scope of a non-Ranger participant. They are Rangers because they’re who volunteered to take the training, wear the t-shirt and be available to help their community. Rangers know it is not about them, it’s about their fellow participant and community.
Tear Down.
The Tear Down Team is responsible for ensuring that all FAI-owned tools, equipment, and infrastructure are taken down and properly stored in the Alchemy storage container. Alchemy Public Works used to perform this function, but a separate team was created when the job became too much for just one team.
Temple.
The Temple team is responsible for designing and constructing the Alchemy temple. The temples tend to be smaller than the effigies. The Temple team strives to create a structure and atmosphere that facilitates reflection and contemplation. Participants will often leave written messages, trinkets, or other items important to their past on the temple for them to be burned. Unlike the Burning Man and other regional burn event temples, Alchemy's temple is burned at sunrise on Sunday morning.
Volunteers.
The Volunteer Team helps organize all the team volunteers that help Alchemy operate on a day-to-day basis. The team helps find people to fill teams, as well as assists in finding volunteer opportunities for people who want to help but aren't exactly sure how. All volunteers are funneled through the Volunteer Team. The Volunteer Team also manages the Alchemy website's volunteer signup and management system.
Paid Services.
While Event Leads, Team Leads, and team volunteers are not paid, the ELT does contract out specific services:
These services require licensed, insured professionals or have significant equipment and infrastructure requirements that would otherwise be over-burdensome for FAI or the ELT to procure. For example, the pyrotechnics utilized for the effigy burn require licensed professionals to set up both for safety purposes and to ensure compliance with local and state laws.
Art Funding and the Alchemy Art Fundraiser.
Funding for art installations by Alchemy does not follow the traditional art grant model. Instead, a separate fundraising event is held, and the event is managed by an Event Lead Team chosen by the FAI Board. Artists desiring funding bring proposals and displays for their ideas to the event. Once attendees pay the door fee, they are given a ballot with a list of all projects at the event. Attendees allocate the entirety of the door fee, in whole dollar amounts, to each project as they see fit. At the end of the night, the ballots are counted and the total amount of money for each project is allocated for their respective artist.
Other sources of funding include refreshment sales and a silent auction of community-donated art. The funds collected from these sources are allocated on a percentage basis according to the ballot distribution. In 2012, the Alchemy ELT decided to allocate $10,000 for fund matching. This pool of $10,000 was also distributed on a percentage basis like refreshment and silent auction sales. In 2013, that amount was increased to $15,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36819953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819953" title="Garab, Ilam">
Garab, Ilam

Garab (, also Romanized as Garāb) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 98, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819973" title="Rezaabad, Ilam">
Rezaabad, Ilam

Rezaabad (, also Romanized as Reẕāābād; also known as Cham Kāv, Chenār Bāshī, and Chenār Bāshī-ye Reẕāābād) is a village in Alishervan Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819975" title="Franco Testa">
Franco Testa

Franco Testa is an Italian cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1960 Summer Olympics and a Silver medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1964 Summer Olympics 

</doc>
<doc id="36819979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819979" title="S.L. Benfica (billiards)">
S.L. Benfica (billiards)

The S.L. Benfica billiards squad is a semi-professional team based in Lisbon, Portugal. The team competes in the Portuguese Billiards League, in both carom billiards (three-cushion), pool (eight-ball and nine-ball) and Snooker events. The team is almost exclusively made of Portuguese players. They play at the Estádio da Luz in a 202 m2 room with 4 professional pool tables and a 50 people stand.
History.
The billiard section was created in 1938–39 with players like Alvaro Figueiredo de Lima, Maximiano Varges Henrique da Costa Santos and Aguinaldo Cacho. The section continued to grow and in the sixties it won its first regional title in 66/67 and by 69 its first National Championship. Also in 69 it participated for the first time into the CEB European Three-cushion Championship. 
Between 1983 and 2000, Benfica won most of its titles, 10 Regional Championships, 6 National Championships, 2 Portuguese Cups and 3 Supercups.
In 2002/03, Benfica hired Dick Jaspers, Dion Nelin, Henrique Penalva, Jaime Faraco in an attempt to win the CEB European Three-cushion Championship but it only managed a second place.
In 2011/12, Benfica won a combined number of 13 titles, 9 for teams.
Honours (Men).
According to the official website

</doc>
<doc id="36819980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819980" title="Sulfozinum">
Sulfozinum

Sulfozinum (sulfozin) is a pharmaceutical drug that causes a pyrogenic reaction (body temperature elevation) and severe pain. Sulfozinum is a 0.37 - 2% sterilized solution of purified elemental sulfur in peach oil or olive oil for intramuscular injections. The preparation is unstable so it was prepared only in local hospital pharmacies. In the Soviet Union, it was used in the pyrogenic treatment of syphilitic encephalitis (mostly in pre-antibiotics era), various psychiatric conditions, and alcoholism. Sulfozin was not used in American psychiatry. 
The American delegation during its visit to the USSR in 1989 confirmed charges of the use of sulfozine injections. Psychiatrists in the USSR employed sulfozine treatment allegedly to increase treatment response to neuroleptic administration but were unable to present any research evidence of its efficiency for this purpose. The muscle necrosis, fever, immobility, and severe pain caused by sulfozine, as well as the pattern of its use in 10 persons, suggest that the medication was applied for punitive rather than therapeutic purposes.
Real benefits of its use in psychiatry are disputable, but it was widely used due to its extremely painful action, lasting from several hours to 2–3 days, as a punishment for psychiatric patients and in political abuse of psychiatry. It was supposed that sulfozinum increases the permeability of blood brain barrier for other drugs.
In 1989, during Perestroika, its use was restricted only to cases when its prescription was confirmed both by consilium and by informed consent of the patient or his representatives. Its present use is not known.
In post-Soviet Russia.
Some psychiatrists in post-Soviet Russia call the criticism of sulfozin attacks on psychiatry and still believe that sulfozin was sometimes the only effective treatment when all other ones were ineffective in calming down violent patients. The psychiatrists say that sulfozin really brought a psychosis to remission.

</doc>
<doc id="36819989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819989" title="Spinel group">
Spinel group

The spinels are any of a class of minerals of general formulation A2+B3+2O2-4 which crystallise in the cubic (isometric) crystal system, with the oxide anions arranged in a cubic close-packed lattice and the cations A and B occupying some or all of the octahedral and tetrahedral sites in the lattice. A and B can be divalent, trivalent, or quadrivalent cations, including magnesium, zinc, iron, manganese, aluminium, chromium, titanium, and silicon. Although the anion is normally oxide, the analogous thiospinel structure includes the rest of the chalcogenides. A and B can also be the same metal with different valences, as is the case with magnetite, Fe3O4 (as Fe2+Fe3+2O2-4), which is the most abundant member of the Spinel group. Spinels are grouped in series by the B cation.
Members of the spinel group include:
There are many more compounds with a spinel structure, e.g. the thiospinels and selenospinels, that can be synthesized in the lab or in some cases occur as minerals.
The heterogeneity of spinel group members varies based on composition with ferrous and magnesium based members varying greatly as in solid solution, which requires similarly sized cations. However, ferric and aluminium based spinels are almost entirely homogeneous due to their large size difference.
The spinel structure.
Normal spinel structures are usually cubic close-packed oxides with one octahedral and two tetrahedral sites per formula unit. The tetrahedral spaces are smaller than the octahedral spaces. B3+ ions occupy half the octahedral holes, while A2+ ions occupy one-eighth of the tetrahedral holes. Mineral spinel MgAl2O4 has a normal spinel structure.
Inverse spinel structures have a different cation distribution in that all of the A cations and half of the B cations occupy octahedral sites, while the other half of the B cations occupy tetrahedral sites. An example of an inverse spinel is Fe3O4, if the Fe2+ (A2+) ions are d6 high-spin and the Fe3+ (B3+) ions are d5 high-spin.
In addition, there are intermediate cases where the cation distribution can be described as (A1-xBx)where parentheses () and brackets [ are used to denote tetrahedral and octahedral sites, respectively. The so-called inversion degree, x, adopts values between 0 (normal) and 1 (inverse), and is equal to 2/3 for a completely random cation distribution.
In order to explain the adoption of a particular cation distribution in a spinel structure, one must take into account the crystal field stabilization energies (CFSE) of the transition metals present. Some ions may have a distinct preference for the octahedral site depending on the "d-electron" count. If the A2+ ions have a strong preference for the octahedral site, they will displace half of the B3+ ions from the octahedral sites to tetrahedral sites. Similarly, if the B3+ ions have a low or zero "octahedral site stabilization energy" (OSSE), then they will occupy tetrahedral sites, leaving octahedral sites for the A2+ ions. 
Burdett and co-workers proposed an alternative treatment of the problem of spinel inversion, using the relative sizes of the s and p atomic orbitals of the two types of atom to determine their site preferences. This is because the dominant stabilizing interaction in the solids is not the crystal field stabilization energy generated by the interaction of the ligands with the d electrons, but the σ-type interactions between the metal cations and the oxide anions. This rationale can explain anomalies in the spinel structures that crystal-field theory cannot, such as the marked preference of Al3+ cations for octahedral sites or of Zn2+ for tetrahedral sites, which crystal field theory would predict neither has a site preference. Only in cases where this size-based approach indicates no preference for one structure over another do crystal field effects make any difference; in effect they are just a small perturbation that can sometimes affect the relative preferences, but which often do not.
See also.
Taaffeite, which has the same empirical formula as a spinel, but the chemical formula is four times as large.

</doc>
<doc id="36819992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819992" title="Shan Kabud">
Shan Kabud

Shan Kabud (, also Romanized as Shān Kabūd) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36819996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36819996" title="Sarbisheh, Ilam">
Sarbisheh, Ilam

Sarbisheh (, also Romanized as Sarbīsheh) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36820003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820003" title="Tul Ab">
Tul Ab

Tul Ab (, also Romanized as Ţūl Āb and Ţūlāb) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 359, in 73 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36820006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820006" title="Zardaluabad">
Zardaluabad

Zardaluabad (, also Romanized as Zardālūābād and Zard Ālūābād) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 256, in 51 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36820018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820018" title="Schlafe, mein Prinzchen, schlaf' ein">
Schlafe, mein Prinzchen, schlaf' ein

Schlafe, mein Prinzchen, schlaf' ein is perhaps the most famous Wiegenlied. The words are by Friedrich Wilhelm Gotter and for many years the common view was that the melody was composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart ("Schlafe, mein Prinzchen, es ruhn": K. 350 (Anh. 284f; Anh. C 8.48)). Attribution for the melody has since shifted to either Bernhard Flies or Johann Friedrich Anton Fleischmann.
Lyrics.
<poem>
Schlafe, mein Prinzchen, schlaf' ein,
Schäfchen ruh'n und Vögelein,
Garten und Wiesen verstummt,
auch nicht ein Bienchen mehr summt,
Luna mit silbernem Schein
gucket zum Fenster herein,
schlafe bei silbernem Schein,
schlafe, mein Prinzchen, schlaf' ein,
schlaf' ein, schlaf' ein!
Alles im Schlosse schon liegt,
Alles im Schlummer gewiegt,
reget kein Mäuschen sich mehr,
Keller und Küche sind leer,
nur in der Zofe Gemach
tönet ein schmachtendes Ach!
Was für ein Ach mag das sein?
Schlafe, mein Prinzchen, schlaf' ein,
schlaf' ein, schlaf' ein!
Wer ist beglückter als du?
Nichts als Vergnügen und Ruh'!
Spielwerk und Zucker vollauf
und noch Karossen im Lauf,
Alles besorgt und bereit,
dass nur mein Prinzchen nicht schreit.
Was wird da künftig erst sein?
Schlafe, mein Prinzchen, schlaf' ein,
schlaf' ein, schlaf' ein!
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="36820026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820026" title="Mario Vallotto">
Mario Vallotto

Mario Vallotto is an Italian cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1960 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36820034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820034" title="Opinion polling for the Spanish general election, 2000">
Opinion polling for the Spanish general election, 2000

In the run up to the Spanish general election of 2000, various organisations carried out opinion polling to gauge voting intention in Spain. Results of such polls are displayed in this article.
The date range for these opinion polls are from the previous general election, held on 3 March 1996, to the day the next election was held, on 12 March 2000.
Opinion polling.
Poll results.
Poll results are listed in the table below in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed in bold, and the background shaded in the leading party's colour. In the instance that there is a tie, then no figure is shaded. The lead column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the two parties with the highest figures. Poll results use the date the survey's fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication. However, if such date is unknown, the date of publication will be given instead.
Seats.
Opinion polls showing seat projections are displayed in the table below. The highest seat figures in each polling survey have their background shaded in the leading party's colour. In the instance that there is a tie, then no figure is shaded. 176 seats are required for an absolute majority in the Congress of Deputies.

</doc>
<doc id="36820061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820061" title="Marino Vigna">
Marino Vigna

Marino Vigna is an Italian cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1960 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36820080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820080" title="Anne-Pia Nygård">
Anne-Pia Nygård

Anne-Pia Nygård (born August 10, 1977 in Sandane, Gloppen), is a Norwegian writer. Her debut book was the 2009 autobiography "What Nobody Sees" ("Det som ingen ser").
Biography.
Nygård is born and raised in the village Sandane, Gloppen, her mother from the same place, her father from Askøy. 
She attended Firda Upper Secondary School from 1993 til 1996, and later earned her bachelor in North Germanic languages and English language. Her writing debut came about in the spring of 2009, as she was halfway to a master of Nynorsk language and writing. The book, "What Nobody Sees" was written in nynorsk. In September 2012 the English version will be published by Loaghtan books.
Nygård was born with a curvature of the spine that worsened as she grew. The condition resulted in much of her childhood spent in and out of hospitals, where she underwent numerous operations. She experienced various accidents and medical mistakes. At ten years of age she lost the use of her legs and became dependent on the wheelchair. Her authorship is based on her experiences with her disability. She describes the embarrassments and confusions of childhood, as well as her meeting with health professionals and coping with family life. The book gives an educational view aimed at health professionals and others work with disabled children and youths.
The autobiography is written i third person giving her the objectivity to comment her own sufferings, thoughts and actions.

</doc>
<doc id="36820086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820086" title="Green Bay Smackers">
Green Bay Smackers

The Green Bay Smackers are a men's roller derby league, based in Green Bay, Wisconsin. The league consists of a single interleague team.
Founded in 2010 by Paper Valley Roller Girls coach Attractive Nuisance. The league has been working on both their roller skating abilities and their after party antics. On July 25, 2012 the league was accepted into the Men's Roller Derby Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36820087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820087" title="Euphorbia cotinifolia">
Euphorbia cotinifolia

Euphorbia cotinifolia is a broadleaf evergreen shrub native to Mexico and South America. Treated as a shrub it reaches but can be grown as a tree reaching . Small white flowers with creamy bracts bloom at the ends of the branches in summer. The purplish stems, when broken, exude a sap that is a skin irritant.
Name.
The scientific name of the plant comes from the words "cotinus" meaning "smoketree" and "folia" meaning "leaf". Common names for the species include "Smoketree spurge", "tropical smoke bush", and "Caribbean copper plant".
Toxicity.
The species is well known in Central America, where its poisonous sap has been used both as a medicine and a poison. As a medicine, it has been used in folk remedies as both an emetic and cathartic substance. Fishermen have been known to add the sap to water in fishing grounds to stun fish and force them to float to the top. It was also historically used as a poison for arrowheads by the natives of Curaçao.
The sap can cause irritation if it comes into contact with human skin or eyes. If ingested, the sap can cause severe damage to internal organs.
Gardening.
"Euphorbia cotinifolia" is commonly grown as an ornamental plant in gardens and in pots, due to its colourful and distinctive foliage. It prefers a site with well drained soil and full sun. While relatively hardy, it does not react well to wind, salt, or frost.

</doc>
<doc id="36820088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820088" title="Harstad Church">
Harstad Church

Harstad Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the town of Harstad. The church is part of the Harstad parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white concrete church was built in 1958 by the architect Jan Inge Hovig. The large church seats about 500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36820114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820114" title="Newmark family of Southern California">
Newmark family of Southern California

The Newmark family of Southern California engaged in commerce, land ownership and land development in Los Angeles County, California, during the 19th Century. Family members included:

</doc>
<doc id="36820132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820132" title="Juan Morales">
Juan Morales

Juan Morales may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36820144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820144" title="Associação Bauru Basketball Team">
Associação Bauru Basketball Team

Associação Bauru Basketball Team is a Brazilian professional basketball team from Bauru, Brazil that plays in the Novo Basquete Brasil league.
History.
The team, also known as Paschoalotto/Bauru for sponsorship reasons or just Bauru, was the second team of the Brazilian guard Leandro Barbosa. Barbosa was an important player during the old Brazilian Championship, in 2002. In that year, Bauru won the title, after a series against Araraquara. Barbosa and his teammates Maury, Vanderlei and others won the series by 3-0. 
In NBB's first season (2008–2009), Bauru signed the American Brazilian guard Larry Taylor, who still plays for the team. In the NBB's fourth season(2011–2012), Taylor, helped by the young player Gui Deodato, the experienced Fernando Fisher and other American, Jeff Agba, led the team to the sixth place in the season.

</doc>
<doc id="36820160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820160" title="Willem van Ruytenburch">
Willem van Ruytenburch

Willem van Ruytenburch (baptized 13 August 1600 - 1657) of Amsterdam was a lieutenant to Captain Frans Banning Cocq in the mid-17th century. He is best known as the lieutenant in Rembrandt's masterpiece "The Night Watch". 
Although known as "The Night Watch", this is not the original title; at that time it was in fact unusual to title paintings but if indeed it had a name, the more correct one would be "The Company of Captain Frans Banning Cocq and Lieutenant Willem van Ruytenburch". The painting is notable, among other things, for its huge size: approximately 3.35 m x 4.26 m (11 ft by 14 ft).

</doc>
<doc id="36820161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820161" title="Juan Viedma">
Juan Viedma

Juan Viedma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36820260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820260" title="Aero-X">
Aero-X

The Aero-X hoverbike is a flight craft created by Aerofex, an aerospace engineering corporation based in Los Angeles, designed to carry up to two people. The vehicle is set for release in 2017.
Vehicle.
Aerofex say that the vehicle rises 10 feet from the ground and can travel at a maximum of 45 miles per hour. It is expected to weigh 785lb and be 15 feet in length. The bike runs for around 75 minutes on a full tank of fuel.
The Aero-X does not fly with the same energy efficiency as a helicopter, due to its rotor blades being shorter, but it is much smaller in size and safer near humans. This craft does not produce the brownout of helicopters, as it is designed to be able to operate near people without blowing any significant amount of dust.
Development.
The vehicle has been in development since 2008 and was originally planned for use by one person or as an unmanned drone.
One of the difficulties of this technology involves stability and control, preventing the craft from frequent rollovers and crashes. To achieve this, Aerofex added two control bars which the rider can access at knee level and easily lean to one side or the other to balance the craft.
In 2014 Aerofex announced that the commercial version of the bike would begin production in 2016 for release in 2017. For a deposit of $5,000 the bike can now be ordered with a full price of $85,000.
Planned usages.
The planned usages include agricultural field work, delivering materials in rough terrain or between buildings on narrow city streets, and for search and rescue vehicles.

</doc>
<doc id="36820286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820286" title="Absolute value (disambiguation)">
Absolute value (disambiguation)

Absolute value may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36820287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820287" title="Kanebogen Church">
Kanebogen Church

Kanebogen Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the Kanebogen area in the town of Harstad. The church is part of the Kanebogen parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The church was built in 1999 to replace the old Fredly Chapel that burned down in 1984. The church was designed by architect Jim Myrstad, and it seats 120 people, but can be expanded up to 500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36820305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820305" title="François d'Orcival">
François d'Orcival

François d'Orcival is a French conservative intellectual. He is the editor-in-chief of "Valeurs Actuelles" and sits on the Board of Directors of the publisher Valmonde.
Biography.
As a young man, he was a leader in Jeune Nation. In 1960, he was one of the founding members of the Fédération des étudiants nationalistes (FEN). He supported the Organisation de l'armée secrète and was arrested in 1962, when he was jailed for four weeks . He was editor-in-chief of the FEN magazine, "Les Cahiers universitaires", and started writing for "Le Spectacle du Monde", whose editor was Raymond Bourgine. He also wrote for "Défense de l’Occident" and "Europe Action", edited by Dominique Venner and Alain de Benoist. He later joined the Groupement de recherche et d'études pour la civilisation européenne, but left it in 1976. He later became the editor-in-chief of "Valeurs Actuelles".
In 2004, he was elected President of the Fédération Nationale de la Presse Française (FNPF). On June 23, 2008, he was inducted into the Académie des Sciences Morales et Politiques, following the death of Henri Amouroux. He is a socially conservative Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="36820307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820307" title="Rec. 2020">
Rec. 2020

ITU-R Recommendation BT.2020, more commonly known by the abbreviations Rec. 2020 or BT.2020, was posted on the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) website on August 23, 2012. Rec. 2020 defines various aspects of ultra high definition television (UHDTV) such as display resolution, frame rate, chroma subsampling, bit depth, and color space.
Technical details.
Resolution.
Rec. 2020 defines two resolutions of 3840 × 2160 and 7680 × 4320. These resolutions have an aspect ratio of and use square pixels.
Frame rate.
Rec. 2020 specifies the following frame rates: 120p, 60p, 59.94p, 50p, 30p, 29.97p, 25p, 24p, 23.976p. Only progressive scan frame rates are allowed.
Digital representation.
Rec. 2020 defines a bit depth of either 10-bits per sample or 12-bits per sample.
10-bits per sample Rec. 2020 uses video levels where the black level is defined as code 64 and the nominal peak is defined as code 940. Codes 0-3 and 1,020-1,023 are used for the timing reference. Codes 4 through 63 provide video data below the black level while codes 941 through 1,019 provide video data above the nominal peak.
12-bits per sample Rec. 2020 uses video levels where the black level is defined as code 256 and the nominal peak is defined as code 3760. Codes 0-15 and 4,080-4,095 are used for the timing reference. Codes 16 through 255 provide video data below the black level while codes 3,761 through 4,079 provide video data above the nominal peak.
System colorimetry.
The Rec. 2020 (UHDTV/UHD-1/UHD-2) color space can reproduce colors that can not be shown with the Rec. 709 (HDTV) color space. The RGB primaries used by Rec. 2020 are equivalent to monochromatic light sources on the CIE 1931 spectral locus. The wavelength of the Rec. 2020 primary colors is 630 nm for the red primary color, 532 nm for the green primary color, and 467 nm for the blue primary color. In coverage of the CIE 1931 color space the Rec. 2020 color space covers 75.8%, the digital cinema reference projector color space covers 53.6%, the Adobe RGB color space covers 52.1%, and the Rec. 709 color space covers 35.9%.
During the development of the Rec. 2020 color space it was decided that it would use real colors, instead of imaginary colors, so that it would be possible to show the Rec. 2020 color space on a display without the need for conversion circuitry. Since a larger color space increases the difference between colors an increase of 1-bit per sample is needed for Rec. 2020 to equal or exceed the color precision of Rec. 709.
The NHK measured contrast sensitivity for the Rec. 2020 color space using Barten's equation which had previously been used to determine the bit depth for digital cinema. 11-bits per sample for the Rec. 2020 color space is below the visual modulation threshold, the ability to discern a one value difference in luminance, for the entire luminance range. The NHK is planning for their UHDTV system, Super Hi-Vision, to use 12-bits per sample RGB.
Luma coefficients.
Rec. 2020 allows for RGB and YCbCr signal formats with 4:4:4, 4:2:2, and 4:2:0 chroma subsampling. Rec. 2020 specifies that if a luma (Y') signal is made that it uses the R’G’B’ coefficients 0.2627 for red, 0.6780 for green, and 0.0593 for blue.
Transfer characteristics.
Rec. 2020 defines the nonlinear transfer function that can be used for gamma correction with RGB and YCbCr. RGB may be used when the best quality program production is needed. YCbCr may be used when the top priority is compatiblity with SDTV/HDTV operating practices. Rec. 2020 also defines a linear encoded version of YCbCr called YcCbcCrc. YcCbcCrc may be used when the top priority is the most accurate retention of luminance information.
10-bits per sample Rec. 2020 uses the same nonlinear transfer function that is used by Rec. 709. 12-bits per sample Rec. 2020 makes changes in the nonlinear transfer function since the minimum point on a 0 to 1 light intensity range where the nonlinear transfer function begins is raised from 0.018 to 0.0181. The Rec. 2020 nonlinear transfer function is linear near 0 and then transfers to a power function for the rest of the light intensity range:
formula_1
Implementations.
HDMI 2.0 supports the Rec. 2020 color space. HDMI 2.0 can transmit 12-bit per sample RGB at a resolution of 2160p and a frame rate of 24/25/30 fps or it can transmit 12-bits per sample 4:2:2/4:2:0 YCbCr at a resolution of 2160p and a frame rate of 50/60 fps.
The Rec. 2020 color space is supported by H.264/MPEG-4 AVC and High Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC). The Main 10 profile in HEVC was added based on proposal JCTVC-K0109 which proposed that a 10-bit profile be added to HEVC for consumer applications. The proposal stated that this was to allow for improved video quality and to support the Rec. 2020 color space that will be used by UHDTV.
On September 11, 2013, ViXS Systems announced the XCode 6400 SoC which supports 4K resolution at 60 fps, the Main 10 profile of HEVC, and the Rec. 2020 color space.
On April 6, 2014, Sony announced development of a professional 4K OLED display that will support the Rec. 2020 color space and is expected to be released in the spring of 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36820314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820314" title="Caldwell &amp; Drake">
Caldwell &amp; Drake

Caldwell & Drake was a construction firm based in Indiana. It included George W. Caldwell and Lester Drake.
A number of their works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36820320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820320" title="Ute Dam">
Ute Dam

Ute Dam (National ID # NM00293) is a dam at Logan, New Mexico in Quay County, about 20 miles west of the Texas state line.
The earthen dam was completed in 1963 by the New Mexico Interstate Stream Commission, without federal funding, and with a height of 132 feet and a length of 6530 feet at its crest. It impounds the Canadian River for irrigation storage and municipal water use. The dam is owned and operated by the Commission, which is authorized under state law to implement projects and negotiate with neighboring states on water issues. Ute Reservoir is the only large state-owned and operated reservoir in New Mexico.
Structurally the Ute Dam has the largest labyrinth weir spillway in the United States. It was a 1984 addition to the original structure, designed by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which raised the height of the lake by 27 feet.
The reservoir it creates, Ute Reservoir, has a water surface of 8,200 acres and has a maximum capacity of 403,000 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing for largemouth bass, catfish, crappie and walleye, and the facilities at the adjacent Ute Lake State Park. 

</doc>
<doc id="36820321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820321" title="Opuntia matudae">
Opuntia matudae

Opuntia matudae, or xoconostle, is a cactus native to Mexico.
Uses.
The cactus fruit is consumed as a traditional medicine and food in Mexico. In contrast to the common fruit ("tunas") from related "Opuntia ficus-indica", it is less sweet, the color is a bland greenish, and it is more used for traditional medicine than cuisine. Its taste is more acidic (due to citric acid). It has many green seeds in the central pit which is covered in red pigment from its antioxidant betalains.
The fruits are sold in food markets in Mexico, in produce stalls.

</doc>
<doc id="36820322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820322" title="Devanagari ka">
Devanagari ka

Ka (क) (कवर्ण "kavarna") is the first consonant of the Devanagari abugida. It ultimately arose from the Brahmi letter 𑀓 (), after having gone through the Gupta letter . Letters that derive from it are the Gujarati letter ક, and the Modi letter �.
Devanagari-using Languages.
In all languages, क is pronounced as or when appropriate.
In this example, क implements its inherent vowel, the schwa.
In this example, क deletes the inherent schwa for correct pronunciation.
Certain words that have been borrowed from Persian and Arabic implement the nukta to more properly approximate the original word. It is then transliterated as a "q".
Mathematics.
Āryabhaṭa numeration.
Aryabhata used Devanagari letters for numbers, very similar to that of the Greeks, even after the invention of Indian numerals.
The values of the different forms of क are:
Tabla Strokes.
क (ka) also seen as कि (ki), or के (ke). This is usually a flat, nonresonant stroke of the left hand. The heel of the hand is left on the drum, while the hand rotates to hit the drum, with the focus of the force being focused between the tips and first joints of the fingers.
Hindu astrology.
के (ke) is the abbreviation used for केतु (Ketu), the descending lunar node. In Hindu astrology Ketu represents karmic collections both good and bad, spirituality and supernatural influences. Ketu is associated with the Matsya Avatar (Fish Incarnation) of Vishnu. Ketu signifies the spiritual process of the refinement of materialization to spirit and is considered both malefic and benefic, as it causes sorrow and loss, and yet at the same time turns the individual to God. In other words, it causes material loss in order to force a more spiritual outlook in the person. Ketu is a "karaka" or indicator of intelligence, wisdom, non-attachment, fantasy, penetrating insight, derangement, and psychic abilities. Ketu is believed to bring prosperity to the devotee's family, removes the effects of snakebite and illness arising out of poisons. He grants good health, wealth and cattle to his devotees.

</doc>
<doc id="36820332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820332" title="John Frawley (astrologer)">
John Frawley (astrologer)

"This article is about the astrologer. For the Australian actor, see John Frawley (actor)".
John Frawley (born 16 May 1955 in London, England) is a traditional astrologer, writer and educator, who has been noted for practicality and directness of approach, a depth of scholarship, and a provocative, challenging and witty style.
Astrological technique and works.
Frawley became interested in astrology at a very early age, but was repeatedly frustrated at limitations he found in the schools of modern astrology that had emerged from the thinking of 19th Century Theosophist Alan Leo.
In 1993 he encountered the work of 17th Century English Astrologer William Lilly. Taking formal training from Olivia Barclay, he decided to specialise in Western Traditional Astrology which he perceives as having a rigorously logical approach, a capacity to deliver precise and concrete delineation, verifiable judgements and a foundation in a cosmology inseparable from a religious or spiritual faith. William Lilly has remained the greatest single influence on his work. 
From 1996 to 2006, Frawley edited and produced "The Astrologer’s Apprentice" magazine. In 2001, he launched his publishing company, Apprentice Books.
His first book, "The Real Astrology", was commissioned to provide a satirical critique of Modern Astrology and won the Spica Award International Book of the Year in 2001.
In the book's introduction, Victor Laude criticises Modern Astrology for “never saying anything concrete; making only universally valid pronouncements; always flattering its audience” and for avoiding anything controversial or unpleasant. The different approaches of Traditional Astrology and Modern Astrology are later illustrated through contrasting delineations of Adolf Hitler’s birthchart by typical applications of each method.
However, Frawley also differentiates his practice from Medieval, Renaissance, or Classical branches of Astrology. He asserts that his practice is modern, but with deeper roots than those of Modern Astrology. The term "The Real Astrology" was coined by Frawley as a distinct term for the modern day practice and application of traditional astrological methods.
"The Real Astrology" was described in the Astrological Association Journal as “a must for all serious astrologers”. It was followed by several further published works. All titles have been translated into several languages.
In the late 1990s, Frawley regularly appeared on British television, including hosting his own daily program "Frawley and the Fish" on "L!VE TV". He featured in "Odds on Sport", "Predictions!" and a number of other British television shows, where he accurately predicted outcomes for high profile sports contests.
Frawley runs his own diploma courses in Traditional Horary and Traditional Natal Astrology. He has speaking and lecturing engagements around the world, some of which have been recorded and distributed on compact disc.

</doc>
<doc id="36820333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820333" title="Rodrigo de Araya metro station">
Rodrigo de Araya metro station

Rodrigo de Araya is an elevated metro station on the Line 5 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. The station consists of an elliptical cylindrical structure enclosing the side platforms and tracks. Staircases jut out from the tubular structure and lead to the concourse level, which is located below the viaduct deck. 
Currently the platforms are being enlarged from to , to support seven-car trains. The renovation project includes the use of tensile roofing structures to cover the newer portion of the station, as well as the open portion of the original station.

</doc>
<doc id="36820337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820337" title="Kellie Wells">
Kellie Wells

Kellie Wells may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36820341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820341" title="Robert Marshall Anderson">
Robert Marshall Anderson

Robert Marshall Anderson (December 18, 1933 - May 3, 2011) was the Seventh Bishop of Minnesota in The Episcopal Church.

</doc>
<doc id="36820370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820370" title="Glendening">
Glendening

Glendening may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36820371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820371" title="John Gill Lemmon">
John Gill Lemmon

John Gill ("J.G.") Lemmon (January 2, 1831 or 1832, Lima, Michigan – November 24, 1908 Oakland, California) was an American botanist and Civil War veteran and former prisoner of Andersonville. He was married to fellow botanist, Sara Plummer Lemmon, and the two jointly cataloged numerous western and desert plants.
Lemmon was born in Lima, Michigan, on January 2, in 1831 or 1832, to William Lemmon and Amila Hudson Lemmon, a descendant of Henry Hudson the explorer.
He was a schoolteacher for eight years, before attending the University of Michigan. He enlisted in the Union Army in June, 1862, and was involved in numerous engagements in the American Civil War. In August, 1864, Lemmon was captured by the Confederates, and subsequently held as a prisoner of war in the Florence prison and the notorious Andersonville prison.
After being freed on March 1, 1865, he moved to Sierraville, California, to stay with family while he recuperated. He returned to teaching, and acquired an interest in botany. Lemmon began corresponding with Henry Bolander at the California Academy of Sciences and Asa Gray at Harvard University, as he identified more hitherto uncataloged plants. Eventually, he became known as "the botanist of the West".
While visiting Santa Barbara on a collecting and lecture expedition, Lemmon met Sara Plummer, a transplanted East Coast artist and intellectual who had also developed an interest in botany. The two corresponded for several years, marrying in 1880. They took a "botanical wedding trip" to Arizona in 1881, cataloging many desert and mountain plants, and climbed to the peak of the mountain they christened Mount Lemmon, after Sara, the first European-descended woman to make that ascent.
On their return, they continued their botanical activities, ultimately establishing the Lemmon Herbarium, now part of UC Berkeley's University and Jepson Herbaria. J.G. and Sara lived and established their herbarium at No. 5985 Telegraph Avenue. From 1888 to 1892, J.G. also served as the state botanist for the California State Board of Forestry.
J.G. died November 24, 1908, in Oakland, California, preceding Sara in death by 15 years. He and Sara are buried at Mountain View Cemetery, in Oakland, Plot Section 46.

</doc>
<doc id="36820377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820377" title="Philip McNairy">
Philip McNairy

Philip Frederick McNairy was the Sixth Bishop of Minnesota in The Episcopal Church.

</doc>
<doc id="36820383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820383" title="Larry O. Spencer">
Larry O. Spencer

Larry O. Spencer is a United States Air Force general who served in many command, comptroller, and other leadership roles during the course of his career. He is currently the Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force, serving at The Pentagon. Spencer is one of the most senior African Americans serving on active duty in the United States Department of Defense.
Personal life.
Spencer was born in Washington, District of Columbia. He later moved with his family to Seat Pleasant in Prince George's County, Maryland, a suburb just outside Washington. Spencer attended Central High School in Prince George's County, where he participated in academic and varsity sports programs that helped him develop leadership and personal discipline. Later, he attended Southern Illinois University at Carbondale, receiving a Bachelor of Science degree in industrial engineering technology in 1979. In 1980, Spencer was a distinguished graduate of the Air Force’s Officer Training School at Lackland Air Force Base in Texas. He was commissioned a second lieutenant upon graduation. General Spencer is married to Ora M. Spencer. Together they have three children; Larry Oneil Spencer II, Derrick Lajuane Spencer, and Shannon Christine Spencer.
Air Force officer.
As a second lieutenant, Spencer was assigned to the financial management career field. His first officer assignment in 1980 was as a cost analyst for the Air Force Reserve Command at Robins Air Force Base in Georgia. During that three-year tour Spencer served as the chief of the headquarters cost analysis branch. In 1982, he was transferred to the Pentagon. He served on the Air Staff for four years, first as a cost analyst and then a budget officer.
In August 1986, Spencer was reassigned to Military Airlift Command headquarters at Scott Air Force Base in Illinois. He served three years there, first as a budget officer and then as an executive officer. He attended the Marine Corps Command and Staff College in Quantico, Virginia from July 1989 until January 1990. After graduating from that military education program, he was selected to his first command. Spencer was commander of the 4th Comptroller Squadron at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base in North Carolina for three years. During his tenure as commander, the 4th Comptroller Squadron was selected as the best comptroller unit in the Air Force, first in 1991 and then again in 1992. This was the first time a comptroller squadron had received best in the Air Force recognition two years in a row.
In August 1993, Spencer was selected to attend the Industrial College of the Armed Forces at Fort Lesley J. McNair, receiving a Master of Science degree from the college in June 1994. This was followed by an assignment to the White House Military Office, where he was the first Air Force officer to serve as assistant chief of staff. Spencer was then selected for group command. He served as commander of the 72nd Support Group at Tinker Air Force Base in Oklahoma from August 1996 to January 1998. He was promoted to colonel during that assignment. As a result of his successful tour as a group commander, Spencer was selected for a wing command. He took command of the 75th Air Base Wing at Hill Air Force Base in Utah, serving there from February 1998 until July 1999. His next assignment was at Headquarters Air Combat Command at Langley Air Force Base in Virginia, where he served as the command’s comptroller from September 1999 until June 2003.
Flag rank service.
Spencer was transferred to Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio in June 2003, where he became director of mission support at Headquarters Air Force Materiel Command. In this role, Spencer was responsible for overseeing installation support for the command. This included civil engineering, communications, force protection, and base morale and welfare services. These functions supported daily operations at 10 installations across the United States. Spencer was promoted to brigadier general in July 2004. In August 2005, he was transferred to the Oklahoma City Air Logistics Center at Tinker Air Force Base, where he served as the center’s vice commander for one year.
In August 2006, Spencer returned to the Pentagon to serve as director of budget operations and personnel in the office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Financial Management and Comptroller. In August 2007, he was promoted to major general. He became the Air Force’s Deputy Assistant Secretary for Budget in October of that year. During his tour as deputy assistant secretary for budget, Spencer received the "Eugene M. Zuckert Management Award". The award cited his leadership in developing the President's 2008 budget and his work to secure the 2007 and 2008 supplemental appropriations needed to fund war operations in Iraq and Afghanistan. During this period, Spencer also served on the Army and Air Force Exchange Service board of directors and the Air Force Aid Society board of directors.
Spencer was promoted to lieutenant general in April 2010, prior to moving to the Pentagon’s Joint Staff as director of Force Structure, Resources and Assessment (also known as "J8"). In this position, he was responsible for overseeing the developing defense weapon systems, conducting studies and analysis of military force structure and requirements, and evaluating military programs and resourcing strategies for the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Spencer also served as chairman of the Joint Capabilities Board and secretary for the Joint Requirements Oversight Council. In 2010, "US Black Engineer and Information Technology Magazine" honored Spencer with the "Black Engineer of the Year Career Achievement in Government Award".
On 11 May 2012, the President nominated Spencer for promotion to General and recommended him for appointment as Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force. The United States Senate confirmed his nomination and appointment as Vice Chief on 24 May 2012. He was officially promoted to four-star general 27 July 2012, the same day he assumed the duties of Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force. As Vice Chief of Staff, Spencer directs the Air Staff and is the Air Force’s representative on the Joint Requirements Oversight Council and several other joint service boards. He also assists the Chief of Staff of the Air Force with the organizing, training, and equipping of 690,000 active-duty, Air National Guard, Air Force Reserve, and civilian personnel who make up the United States Air Force.
Awards and decorations.
Some of General Spencer’s most prestigious decorations include:

</doc>
<doc id="36820388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820388" title="El Periódico (Guatemala)">
El Periódico (Guatemala)

El Periódico is a daily Guatemalan newspaper founded by José Rubén Zamora on November 6, 1996.
History.
Considered one of Central America's leading independent journalists, Zamora had left his previous paper, "Siglo Veintiuno", earlier in the year after a disagreement with the board of directors. He then founded "Periódico", funded by the donations of 125 citizens who supported his stand on press freedom. One year later, it was purchased by the owners of "Prensa Libre", Guatemala's best-selling newspaper.
In 2001, the "Periódico" offices were attacked by a group of fifty protesters after reporting on alleged corruption in the staff of Communications Minister Luis Rabbé. The crowd attempted to force the building's doors and set it on fire, and Zamora was burned in effigy. According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, police took more than forty minutes to respond and made no arrests.
The newspaper conducted a lengthy investigation into links between the government of President Alfonso Portillo and organized crime, the results of which were published in November 2002. The government then sent auditors to the "Periódico" offices for 40 days, withdrawing them only after a complaint by the World Association of Newspapers (WAN).
Attacks on Zamora.
Zamora was attacked on several occasions for reasons related to "Periódico"'s reporting. In June 2003, Zamora and his family were held hostage in their home for hours by a group of eleven men and one woman. The attackers beat Zamora's children and forced him to strip and kneel at gunpoint. According to Zamora, one of the gang stated: "If you value your children stop bothering the people above. I don't know who you've annoyed high up the ladder, but we have orders that someone up high despises you. Whatever you do, do not report this." The US government condemned the attack and called for an investigation. WAN also issued a statement on Zamora's behalf following the attack, calling on President Portillo to bring the attackers to justice and protect the safety of his nation's journalists. 
Portillo then unexpectedly visited Zamora to offer assistance, including allowing him access to a photographic database of government and armed forces members. In late January 2004, Zamora published the names and photographs of the men and woman he alleged to be his attackers in "El Periódico"; they included a senior member of Portillo's staff, an employee of the Attorney General, and a counter-intelligence specialist. Two years later, former member of the military Eduviges Funes was later sentenced to sixteen years' imprisonment for his role in the attack. Another former soldier, Belter Álvarez, was acquitted.
On August 20, 2008, Zamora was kidnapped and beaten after a dinner with friends in Guatemala City, and was left unconscious and nearly naked in Chimaltenango, away.

</doc>
<doc id="36820394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820394" title="Arnold E. Reif">
Arnold E. Reif

Arnold E. Reif (born 1924 in Vienna, Austria) is an American academic who made early contributions to cancer research. He is best known for his 1964 discovery of the first T cell marker, an antigen he later named Thy-1.
His Google Scholar H-index is 25.
He is the author of 119 publications.

</doc>
<doc id="36820409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820409" title="Brigitte Schuchardt">
Brigitte Schuchardt

Brigitte Schuchardt (born 28 March 1955 in Jena) is a retired German swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 100 m breaststroke at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships, as well as gold and silver medals in medley events at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships. She also participated in the 1972 Summer Olympics in three individual events but did not reach the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36820410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820410" title="1934–35 Balkan Cup">
1934–35 Balkan Cup

The 1934–35 Balkan Cup was the fifth Balkan Cup football tournament. The national teams of Yugoslavia, Greece, Bulgaria and Romania took part and it was won by Yugoslavia, whereas the host of the tournament was Greece. The top goalscorers were Tirnanić and Tomašević (both from Yougoslavia) with 3 goals each.

</doc>
<doc id="36820423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820423" title="Jean Goujon (cyclist)">
Jean Goujon (cyclist)

Jean Goujon (21 April 1914 – 28 April 1991) was a French cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1936 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36820429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820429" title="2012–13 Mercer Bears men's basketball team">
2012–13 Mercer Bears men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Mercer Bears men's basketball team represented Mercer University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bears, led by fifth year head coach Bob Hoffman, played their home games at Hawkins Arena on the university's Macon, Georgia campus and were members of the Atlantic Sun Conference. They finished the season 24–12, 14–4 in A-Sun play to win the regular season conference championship. They advanced to the championship game of the Atlantic Sun Tournament where they lost to Florida Gulf Coast. As a regular season conference champions who failed to win their conference tournament, they received an automatic bid to the 2013 NIT where they defeated Tennessee in the first round before losing in the second round to BYU.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Atlantic Sun Tournament
!colspan=9| 2013 NIT

</doc>
<doc id="36820434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820434" title="Roger-Jean Le Nizerhy">
Roger-Jean Le Nizerhy

Roger-Jean Le Nizerhy (3 December 1916 – 28 January 1999) was a French cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1936 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36820476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820476" title="Feteh">
Feteh

Feteh is an Ethiopian independent weekly newspaper founded in 2008 by Temesgen Desalegn. The paper is known for its critical coverage of the long-time Meles Zenawi government. Its name translates into English as "Justice".
According to the US-based Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), between 2008 and July 2011, the Ethiopian government filed 41 lawsuits against Desalegn for his work with the paper. In 2011, one of its columnists, 28-year-old Reeyot Alemu, was arrested on terrorism charges.
On 4 May 2012, Desalegn was found guilty of contempt of court after "Feteh" published the full text of a courtroom statement by independent journalist Eskinder Nega, who was on trial for terrorism charges. In the statement, Nega asserted his innocence and criticized the charges against him. Desalegn was given a suspended four-month prison term and a 2,000 birr (US$113) fine. CPJ protested the sentence, calling it an example of "growing severity of censorship in Ethiopia". 
In July 2012, "Feteh" was closed by government order, and 30,000 copies of the paper were seized. A prosecutor stated that the paper's coverage had been found to be "detrimental to the country’s national security". 
On 10 August, Desalegn learned through a radio broadcast that he was being charged under three articles of Ethiopia's Criminal Code: Article 613, "defamation and calumny"; Article 486, "inciting the public through false rumours"; and Article 238, "outrages against the Constitution or the Constitutional Order", a capital offense. The charges were in response to articles published in August 2011, February 2012, and March 2012, in which "Feteh" had reported on youth protests against the government. The UK-based anti-censorship organization Article 19 issued a statement in support of Desalegn and called for the charges to be dropped. 
On 23 August, three days after the death of long-time prime minister Meles Zenawi, Desalegn was arrested on defamation charges as part of a general crackdown on government critics. After a court denied him bail, he was taken to Kaliti prison.

</doc>
<doc id="36820477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820477" title="Mięguszowiecki Summits">
Mięguszowiecki Summits

Mięguszowiecki Summits are a group of three major summits in the main ridge of the Tatra Mountains in Poland.
The highest one is the Mięguszowiecki Grand Peak (2,499m, second highest in Poland, #20 in Tatras). To the east of it there is Mięguszowiecki Middle Peak (2393 m) and the Mięguszowiecki Black Peak (2410 m) further eastwards.

</doc>
<doc id="36820478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820478" title="At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings">
At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings

At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings is an album by Bill Cosby. It is his fifth music-based album and the only one released on the Stax Records-distributed Partee Records. It features appearances from former Stevie Wonder band members like future R&B star Ray Parker, Jr. on guitar, and also features a second collaboration with his songwriting partner Stu Gardner, who plays organ on this set.

</doc>
<doc id="36820497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820497" title="Nothin But Love">
Nothin But Love

Nothin But Love is the 16th Studio album by Blues Guitarist Robert Cray. It was released on August 28, 2012, through Provogue Records. It was his first studio album since 2009's This Time. The album was released on CD, and Vinyl.
Limited Edition Deluxe Version.
11. "You Belong To Me (Bonus Track)" (Pee Wee King)

</doc>
<doc id="36820500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820500" title="1935 Balkan Cup">
1935 Balkan Cup

The 1935 Balkan Cup was the sixth Balkan Cup football tournament. The national teams of Yugoslavia, Greece, Bulgaria and Romania took part and it was won by Yugoslavia (twice in a row), whereas the host of the tournament was Bulgaria. The top goalscorer was Angulov from Bulgaria with 5 goals. 

</doc>
<doc id="36820506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820506" title="Tumble Bee">
Tumble Bee

Tumble Bee is an album by Laura Veirs, released in 2011.".

</doc>
<doc id="36820519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820519" title="Patricia Mickan">
Patricia Mickan

Patricia (Pat) Mickan (born 12 March 1957) is a former Australian women's basketball player.
Biography.
Mickan played 150 games for the national team between 1979 and 1989, competing at two Olympic Games; 1984 and 1988. Mickan described her Olympic memories; "I have goose bumps when thinking about it, it's just a very rare and precious experience". Mickan also represented Australia at three World Championships - 1979, 1983 and 1986.
Following her retirement, Mickan went on to become a successful state senior netball and basketball coach. Breaking the barrier for women in sport, Mickan also became the first female specialist skills coach in the Australian Football League with the Adelaide Crows. Her younger brother, Mark, is a former AFL footballer.
Mickan is also a freelance writer and public keynote speaker.

</doc>
<doc id="36820522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820522" title="Gausvik Church">
Gausvik Church

Gausvik Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Gausvik. The church is part of the Sandtorg parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The concrete and wood church was built in 1979 by the architect Nils Toft. The church seats about 160 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36820535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820535" title="Safartuy">
Safartuy

Safartuy () was a rural locality (a "khutor") in Ishimbaysky District of the Bashkir ASSR in the Russian SFSR, Soviet Union, located in the upper reaches of the Bolshoy Ryauzak River. It was abolished on December 11, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36820559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820559" title="John F. Ahearn">
John F. Ahearn

John F. Ahearn (April 18, 1853—December 19, 1920) was a New York City political figure who served in the New York State Assembly, the New York State Senate, and as Manhattan Borough President.
Biography.
John Francis Ahearn was born in Manhattan on April 18, 1853. He was educated in New York City's public schools and pursued a business career, working as a clerk and manager in several different firms.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co., 4th D.) in 1882. Upon leaving the legislature Ahearn was appointed to a clerkship in the New York City Police Court.
Ahearn was a member of the New York State Senate (6th D.) from 1890 to 1902, sitting in the 113th, 114th, 115th, 116th (all four 6th D.), 117th, 118th (both 8th D.), 119th, 120th, 121st, 122nd, 123rd, 124th and 125th New York State Legislatures (all seven 10th D.). At first a member of the "County Democracy" (the Anti-Tammany faction of the New York Democrats), later he became an active member of the Tammany Hall organization, and created a political organization loyal to him, the John F. Ahearn Association.
In 1903 Ahearn was elected Manhattan Borough President. Governor Charles Evans Hughes removed Ahearn from office for corruption and neglect in 1907, but Ahearn won the aldermanic election to fill the vacancy.
In 1909 the New York Court of Appeals ruled that the aldermanic election that returned Ahearn to office following his removal by Hughes was illegal. With Hughes' action being upheld, Ahearn finally vacated the borough presidency.
Ahearn died in New York City on December 19, 1920.
State Senator Edward J. Ahearn (1891–1934) was his son.

</doc>
<doc id="36820585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820585" title="Eladio Vélez">
Eladio Vélez

Eladio Vélez was a Colombian painter, was born in Itagüí, Antioquia in 1897 and died in Medellin, Antioquia in 1967. He is considered one of the most representative artists in the city of Itagüí and in Colombia.
His works embrace a theme sometimes considered inconsequential: rural landscapes, city streets, daily life, in which displays realistic technique that values color, plasticity and careful brushstrokes in the oil and the watercolor technique with which he founded with his friend Pedro Nel Gómez, the "Antioquia Art School".

</doc>
<doc id="36820594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820594" title="Phạm Hồng Thái">
Phạm Hồng Thái

Phạm Hồng Thái (1896-1924) was a Vietnamese activist, revolutionary and a member of Dong Du. He was responsible for the assassination attempt on Martial Merlin, the governor-general of French Indochina then visiting Guangzhou, China. 
Disguised as a journalist at the party given in Merlin's honor, Pham Hong Thai detonated the explosive device but failed to kill Merlin at the banquet.
Even though the assassination were unsuccessful, it fanned nationalist sentiments in Vietnam against French rule and intensified agitation among activists.

</doc>
<doc id="36820602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820602" title="Hamburg Central Bus Station">
Hamburg Central Bus Station

The Hamburg Central Bus Station (abbreviated ZOB, German for "Zentraler Omnibusbahnhof") is the central station for long-distance coaches in and out of Hamburg. It is located in the St. Georg district near the Hamburg Hauptbahnhof.
The building was designed by the architects ASW Architekten Silcher, Werner und Redante from Hamburg and engineering firm Schlaich Bergermann und Partner from Stuttgart.
In 2006, the structure received the Outstanding Structure Award from the IABSE. The IABSE described it as a "delightful canopy over a bus station with soaring, transparent cantilevers designed to perfection enhancing the urban infrastructure." 

</doc>
<doc id="36820608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820608" title="Greenwood High School (Arkansas)">
Greenwood High School (Arkansas)

Greenwood High School is a comprehensive public high school established in 1915 serving the community of Greenwood, Arkansas, United States. Located in Sebastian County and within the Fort Smith metropolitan area, Greenwood High School is the sole high school managed by the Greenwood School District and serves students in grades ten through twelve.
Academics.
Curriculum.
The assumed course of study at Greenwood High School is the Smart Core curriculum developed by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE). Greenwood High School was first accredited by the North Central Association in 1977, followed by accreditation by AdvancED when the NCA unified with AdvancED starting in 2009-10. Students engage in regular and Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams to obtain at least 22 units before graduation. Exceptional students have been recognized as National Merit Finalists and participated in Arkansas Governor's School.
Awards and recognition.
In 2012, Greenwood School District and its high school were recognized in the "AP District of the Year Awards" program in the College Board's 3rd Annual Honor Roll that consisted of 539 U.S. public school districts (6 in Arkansas) that simultaneously achieved increases in access to AP® courses for a broader number of students and improved the rate at which their AP students earned scores of 3 or higher on an AP Exam.
Extracurricular activities.
The Greenwood High School mascot is the bulldog and Navy blue and white serve as the school colors.
Athletics.
For the 2012-2014 seasons, the Greenwood Bulldogs participate in the state's second largest classification (6A) within the combined 6A/7A Central Conference. Competition is primarily sanctioned by the Arkansas Activities Association with the Bulldogs competing in baseball, basketball (boys/girls), bowling, competitive cheer, cross country, dance, debate, football, golf (boys/girls), soccer (boys/girls), softball, speech, swimming (girls), tennis (boys/girls, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling.
The Bulldogs football team has made 9 appearances in the state finals, winning seven state football championships (2000 AAAA; 2005 AAAAA; 2006, 2007, 2010, 2011 5A; 2012 6A) and runner-up twice (1996 AAA; 2004 AAAAA). At the close of the 2012 season the football team had the 3rd longest win steak in state history at 38. With the second perfect season for the Bulldog football team, it marked the 17th consecutive playoff appearance, dating back to 1996.
The school's team roping squad was led by none other than the world famous Carter Stallings. He won 55 gold medals and 67 silver buckles for the Bulldogs between 2007 and 2011.
The girls' golf team has won four state titles between 2003 and 2010. The boys' bowling team won the 2007 6A state championship, with the girls' bowling team taking the 2009 state title.
The 6A/7A Central Conference consists of:
Clubs and traditions.
For those students wishing to join clubs at GHS, the following are available: Future Farmers of America (FFA), Family, Career and Community Leaders of America (FCCLA), Future Business Leaders of America (FBLA), Health Occupation Students of America (HOSA), Students Against Destructive Decisions (SADD), National Honor Society, Spanish Club, French Club, Mu Alpha Theta (math honor society), and the Beta Club service and honor society.
Notable alumni.
The following are notable people associated with Greenwood High School. If the person was a Greenwood High School student, the number in parentheses indicates the year of graduation; if the person was a faculty or staff member, that person's title and years of association are included:

</doc>
<doc id="36820613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820613" title="South Bend Civic Theatre">
South Bend Civic Theatre

South Bend Civic Theatre is the oldest community theatre company in the South Bend-Mishawaka area of Northern Indiana. 
History.
The theatre group was founded in 1957 and has staged productions at several venues including Century Center's Bendix Theatre, DeBartolo Center for the Performing Arts at Notre Dame, Morris Performing Arts Center and The Firehouse in the historic Park Avenue neighborhood. In January 2007, they moved into their own facility in the old Scottish Rights Building in downtown South Bend.
In August 2012, the theatre board announced that Mark Abram-Copenhaver will be the new interim Executive Director.
Besides staging plays, the South Bend Civic Theatre also offers summer camps to instruct school age children in theatre arts.

</doc>
<doc id="36820615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820615" title="Bellari language">
Bellari language

Bellari is a Dravidian variety of India spoken by about 1,000 Bellara, a Scheduled Caste of Karnataka and Kerala. It is reportedly close to Tulu and Koraga (especially the former), but it is not known if it is a separate language or a dialect of Tulu. A community of fifty families of basket-weavers live in Kundapura Taluk in coastal Karnataka.

</doc>
<doc id="36820618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820618" title="Greenwood School District">
Greenwood School District

Greenwood School District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36820626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820626" title="1936 Balkan Cup">
1936 Balkan Cup

The 1936 Balkan Cup was the seventh Balkan Cup football tournament. The national teams of Greece, Bulgaria and Romania took part and it was won by Romania, also host of the tournament. The top goalscorer was Schwartz from Romania with 4 goals. 

</doc>
<doc id="36820632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820632" title="Bellari (disambiguation)">
Bellari (disambiguation)

Bellari or Bellary may refer to–

</doc>
<doc id="36820633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820633" title="Carlos Valdovinos metro station">
Carlos Valdovinos metro station

Carlos Valdovinos is an elevated metro station on the Line 5 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. Platforms are being lengthened to accommodate seven-car trains.
The station has the shape of a tube with an elliptical cross section. Staircases protrude from both sides of the station.

</doc>
<doc id="36820642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820642" title="Sandtorg Church">
Sandtorg Church

Sandtorg Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Sørvika. The church is part of the Sandtorg parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The red wooden church was built in 1932. It was designed by the architect Sigurd Bjørhovde and it seats about 250 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36820692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820692" title="Elgsnes Chapel">
Elgsnes Chapel

Elgsnes Chapel () is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Elgsnes. The church is part of the Trondenes parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The chapel is sometimes known as "Hans Egedes minne", referring to the famous missionary to Greenland from this part of Harstad in the 1600s. The wooden chapel was built in 1985 and it seats about 100 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36820699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820699" title="2009 Taiwan Live">
2009 Taiwan Live

2009 Taiwan Live (stylized as 2009 TAIWAN LIVE) is the second Fanclub Exclusive live DVD released by Japanese star Koda Kumi. It was her first concert in Taiwan and received positive reviews by Taiwanese fans. She toured 4 days around Taiwan and performed in front of over 8,000 fans.
The DVD includes off-shot footage of Kuu's time in Taiwan and comical commentary by Koochan herself.
Tracklist.
Official Tracklist

</doc>
<doc id="36820719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820719" title="So Tired (Ozzy Osbourne song)">
So Tired (Ozzy Osbourne song)

So Tired is a song by heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne. It was the second single released from his 1983 album "Bark at the Moon". 
Overview.
The song met with a minor backlash upon its release as a single in 1983, due to it being a ballad.
During the filming of "So Tired"'s music video, Osbourne was injured when a shard of glass from an exploding mirror became lodged in his throat. Though some scheduled concert dates had to be canceled, Osbourne made a full recovery. 
All of the main characters in the video were portrayed by Osbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="36820721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820721" title="Harsprånget hydroelectric power station">
Harsprånget hydroelectric power station

Harsprånget is a hydroelectric power station located on the Lule River in northern Sweden, just downstream of Porjus. 
With an effect at 977 MW, it's the largest hydroelectric power station in Sweden, and also the third largest in the nordic countries. The name means "Hare run" in Swedish. This was also the name of the mighty rapids there, and the name was related to the sharp turns in the rapids, a little similar to the ones a hare does when fleeing. Normal year production is around 2131 GWh. Total fall height is around 107 m.
History.
Construction of the station started in 1918. However, recession after World War I cancelled the construction, which was not started again before 1945. It was opened in 1951, then with an effect of 330 MW. In 1980, two new turbines were installed which increased the max effect to 945 MW. The effect was later increased further.

</doc>
<doc id="36820744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820744" title="Arduino Cantafora">
Arduino Cantafora

Arduino Cantafora (Milan, November 8, 1945), Italian-Swiss architect, painter, and writer.
Biography.
Graduated at the Politecnico di Milano, he became renowned for his paintings with Renaissance influence, inspired by Giorgio de Chirico. He became acquainted with Aldo Rossi, of whom he was a pupil.
In the 1990s, he designed scenery for operas: "Perseus and Andromeda" at La Scala (1991) and Mozart's "Don Giovanni" in Aix-en-Provence (1993).
He has taught at Yale University, IUAV, Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio, and the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne (EPFL).
He is naturalized as Swiss citizen.

</doc>
<doc id="36820773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820773" title="2012 Indian Federation Cup Group Stage">
2012 Indian Federation Cup Group Stage

This article details the 2012 Indian Federation Cup Group stage.
The group stage features 16 teams: the 14 automatic qualifiers from the I-League and the 2 winners of the qualifiers.
The teams were drawn into four groups of four, and played each once in a round-robin format. The matchdays were from 19 September to 25 September.
The top team in each group advances to the Semi-Finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36820788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820788" title="Airflare">
Airflare

The Airflare (or air-flare) refers to an acrobatic maneuver in which the performer rotates the torso around the vertical axis of their body (extending from the head down vertically) while traveling in a circular path along a plane in parallel with the floor. The feet do not touch the ground during the execution of this move, both hands are used to execute standard Airflares.
Origins and pioneers.
The move emerged from a similar move called the "Airtrack" in which one rotates in a vertical axis but does not travel in a circular path. That move, the Airtrack, can be traced back to the early 80's. By the 90's a dancer named Paulo in Europe had created the variation which is essentially the same move as the Airflare. At that time in Europe it was referred to as the Airtwist.
By the mid 90's video arrived by way of EZ-Rock of Rocksteady which introduced the maneuver to the States at that time, in particular, to California B-Boys/Breakdancers. The video showed a B-Boy named Paulo as well as a French B-Boy who executed a move very similar to the modern airflare. Meanwhile and soon after the following dancers had performed moves similar before the Continuous Airflare was established:
First documented Continuous Airflares.
Pablo Flores of Climax/Soul Control successfully performed Continuous Airflares, completing the manifestation of the move. It is this modern form of the Airflare that Morgan Hamm introduced into gymnastics which he learned from the B-Boy community. There is currently a petition to influence the United States Olympic Committee to officially recognize Pablo Flores as the first person in history to perform Continuous Airflares.
Terminology.
The phrase "Airflare" was coined by members of Soul Control, including Barmak, Babak, Inferno, and Kujo, to distinguish the move from the "Airtrack". The key observation was that the addition of the circular rotation made the move far easier to execute than the Airtrack—there are very few documented cases of continuous Airtracks, however, the earliest documented case of continuous Airtracks is of Kujo of Soul Control.
The European phrase "Airtwist", "Airtwista" or "Airtwister" predate the phrase "Airflare". Both refer to the same technical move however the modern form of the move is better known today as "Airflare" worldwide.
The words air-flare are combined to produce Airflare, which is consistent with other names, viz., Windmill (wind-mill) and Headspin (head-spin).
Popularization.
While all of the documented cases mentioned herein help popularize the move, especially B-Boy Ivan, there is in particular a battle between Soul Control and a temporary super crew known as the Flying Tortillas. This "battle" catalyzed its visibility and took the move mainstream. Many other B-Boys would popularize the move in the coming years, notably Moy and Boy of Havikoro (Texas) and Benny and Tuff-Kid of Basel City (from Switzerland).

</doc>
<doc id="36820793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820793" title="1907 Birmingham Tramway accident">
1907 Birmingham Tramway accident

The 1907 Birmingham Tramway accident was a fatal tram accident which occurred on 1 October 1907 in the city of Birmingham, England. A tram operated by City of Birmingham Tramways Company Ltd was going down hill on Warstone Lane in the Jewellery Quarter area of the city. The brakes of the tram failed and it ran away. At the junction of Warstone Lane and Icknield Street the tram overturned at high speed. It skidded until it stopped on the other side of the street, smashing into the pavement. Two people died and seventeen more were injured in the accident. It is the deadliest tram accident in the area covered by the modern West Midlands county.
The tram's brakes were later found to have been faulty.

</doc>
<doc id="36820802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820802" title="Berwyn Route 66 Museum">
Berwyn Route 66 Museum

The Berwyn Route 66 Museum is a small not-for-profit facility, located in Berwyn, Illinois, that documents the history of the former U.S. Route 66.
Context.
The path of Route 66 traveled through the city of Berwyn along Ogden Avenue, a main thoroughfare through Chicago and its western suburbs; the section of the route that passed through Berwyn was known as Automobile Row during the route’s heyday. In Illinois, the original path of the former Route 66 has been federally designated a National Scenic Byway known as the Illinois Route 66 Scenic Byway, so that Ogden Avenue is once again part of Historic Route 66.
The museum opened in January 2011 in a storefront at 7003 W. Ogden Ave. and shares space with the Berwyn Arts Council, a local community arts organization that has a small gallery within the museum. The museum's mission is to discover, present and preserve the history and culture of Route 66, in particular the section that passed through Berwyn. The museum’s executive director is Jon Fey, who is also a board member of the arts council. Information, artifacts and memorabilia about Route 66 and Automobile Row are stored and displayed at the museum, which also makes its data available to researchers by appointment. The museum is staffed entirely by volunteers; its docent is Myles Slaughter, and Tony Lavorato is in charge of collections research.
History.
The museum’s beginnings were two display cases of memorabilia set up in 1994 in the former Skylite Restaurant on Ogden Avenue near Ridgeland Avenue by Larry Ohler of the volunteer group known as Berwyn Preservation of Historic Route 66, a committee of the Berwyn Development Corp. Ohler had collected the material. The displays were later moved to Anderson Ford, a dealership formerly located on Ogden Avenue (the dealership closed in 2009, and the building was repurposed during the spring of 2012). Fey’s company SWF Products, which owns the building in which the museum is housed, offered the space so that the collection could have a home of its own.
Programming.
The Berwyn Route 66 Museum is perhaps best known for its co-sponsorship of the Historic Route 66 Car Show, an annual event every September that features classic and custom cars, trucks and motorcycles and has been organized by that same local Route 66 preservation group since 1990. In addition to being reported locally, the event has been covered by specialty automobile media such as the Auto Channel. The museum also occasionally sponsors other events, including book events featuring authors who have written about U.S. Route 66 in Illinois.
The museum is currently engaged in fundraising to support two future installations: the relocation of the historic Berwyn, Illinois illuminated glass-block welcome sign to the museum grounds (the sign currently stands on the north side of Ogden Avenue just west of Lombard Avenue but is scheduled to be removed by the city soon due to damage), and the partial reassembly of the Dustin Shuler artwork known as The Spindle (sculpture). The Spindle, which had eight cars mounted vertically on a pole and stood 40 feet tall in the Cermak Plaza shopping center in Berwyn, was commissioned by shopping mall owner David Bermant, who contributed his own blue 1976 BMW New Class sedan to the assembly (it was mounted second from the top). Shuler's own 1967 red Volkswagen Beetle was mounted at the top. The Spindle was installed in 1989 and disassembled and removed in 2008 after attempts to find a buyer failed. At the time of the sculpture's removal, the top two cars (Shuler's VW and Bermant's BMW) were saved and stored by museum director Fey. The red VW was on display at the 2012 Berwyn Car Show, where museum volunteers circulated information and petitions to gain support for the rehabilitation of the sculpture's remains. The glass-block illuminated sign, on the other hand, is being removed to the museum in order to keep it from further damage from automobile accidents, Fey said.
The Route 66 Museum has the additional distinction of having one of Berwyn’s three electrical charging stations for electric cars and trucks located on its front doorstep.
The museum is open Mondays through Fridays 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., except holidays, and other hours by appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="36820806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820806" title="Aberdeen Bus Station">
Aberdeen Bus Station

Aberdeen Bus Station (known as Union Square Bus Station) is a bus station in Aberdeen city centre which serves Aberdeen city. It opened in its present form in 2008 as a replacement to the last bus station which closed to make way for Union Square.
It is attached to Union Square shopping centre providing links to the shops.
The main operator at the bus station are Stagecoach Bluebird

</doc>
<doc id="36820824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820824" title="Hiệp Hòa (disambiguation)">
Hiệp Hòa (disambiguation)

Hiệp Hòa can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36820838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820838" title="Lothar Claesges">
Lothar Claesges

Lothar Claesges (born 3 July 1942 in Krefeld) is a German cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36820845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820845" title="Scarborough North (provincial electoral district)">
Scarborough North (provincial electoral district)

Scarborough North was a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It was 
created prior to the 1963 provincial election and eliminated in 1996, when most of its 
territory was incorporated into the ridings of Scarborough—Agincourt and Scarborough—Rouge River. Scarborough North riding 
was created from part of the former riding of York—Scarborough. It was in the former borough of Scarborough.
Two Members of Provincial Parliament represented the riding during its history. The most notable was Alvin Curling who served as Speaker of the Legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36820851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820851" title="Tharbogang">
Tharbogang

Tharbogang is a village and rural locality in the Riverina region of southwest New South Wales, Australia. The village is in the City of Griffith local government area and on the Kidman Way, north west of the centre of Griffith and west of the state capital, Sydney.
At the 2006 census, Tharbogang and the surrounding rural area had a population of 737.
Tharbogang is a former station on the Temora–Roto railway line.

</doc>
<doc id="36820863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820863" title="Ernst Streng">
Ernst Streng

Ernst Streng (25 January 1942 in Cologne - 27 March 1993 in Cologne) is a German cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36820891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820891" title="Zangskari dialect">
Zangskari dialect

Zangskari (Zanskari, Zaskari) is an endangered Indian language. This language is mostly spoken in Jammu and Kashmir, especially Zanskar in Kargil district adjoining the Ladakh region. Tibetan script is used to write this language. The speakers of this language are mainly Buddhists.
The dialect is further divided into four homogenous groups, namely Oot ("Stod") or Upper Zanskari spoken along the Doda River, Zhung ("Gžun") or Central Zanskari mostly spoken in Fadum valley, Sham ("Gšam") or Lower Zanskari follows the lower portions of Zanskar River and lastly Lungnak ("Luŋnag") along the upper Zanskar River region. 

</doc>
<doc id="36820920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820920" title="Owl (film)">
Owl (film)

Plot.
Around 1980, two women, a mother and a daughter, the last occupants of a farming village called "Kibogaoka" for Japanese returnees from Manchuria, are slowly starving to death. As one of the women contemplates eating a lizard, the other suggests a better way to survive. They telephone a dam construction site and offer themselves as prostitutes. A worker comes to visit them, has sex with the mother, and then they give him their "special drink". This causes him to foam at the mouth, emit animal noises, and then die. They cart his body off and celebrate getting his money.
With the money, they are able to get food to eat, and have their electricity and water supplies switched back on. They seduce then kill both the electrician and the plumber in the same way, gaining more money, as well as another construction worker and the boss of the electrician. They discuss their plan to travel the world once they have 1.5 million yen.
A policeman comes to investigate the disappearances of the men. As they are about to seduce him, another man, the son of the man who set up the unsuccessful village, comes. For the first time, the daughter, rather than the mother, sleeps with him. He gives them 300,000 yen and tells them he is going to commit suicide to atone for his father's crimes, so they decide not to bother killing him with the special drink. He borrows 20,000 yen for his suicide and leaves.
They then kill the boss of the dam construction site. Then the suicidal son returns, saying he wants to marry the daughter. The policeman also returns and the man hides. Then Joji, a childhood friend of the daughter, returns. The policeman hides while Joji tells the women his sad story. The three men then confront each other and all three end up dead. The women drink beer and sing the song of their village. 
A year later, a group of middle-aged men enter the now-empty house, which is about to be demolished, and describe having found the nine bodies, one in each house of the village.
Production.
Except for a few views of the buildings in the village, the entire film is shot on a single set, the interior of the women's house. This was partly due to director Shindo's mobility problems.
Reception.
Derek Elley, film critic at Variety Asia, called it "a delightful rondo of sex and death, underpinned by a tart commentary on Japan’s post-war aspirations".

</doc>
<doc id="36820925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820925" title="Phoebe Davies">
Phoebe Davies

Phoebe Davies (February 7, 1864 - December 4, 1912) was a Welsh-born American stage actress who starred in over 4,000 performances of the Lottie Blair Parker play, "Way Down East".
Early life.
Phoebe Davies was born in Cardigan, Wales, the daughter of David and Annie (née Griffiths) Davies. Her father, who was originally drawn to California by the Gold Rush of 1849, returned with his family in the early 1870s to work for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company. Her father later joined the Lighthouse Service where he would rise to captain the lighthouse tender Madroño. 
While still in school Davies won an audition with David Belasco, then stage manager of the Baldwin Theatre Stock Company in San Francisco, that led to an offer to play a part in their next production. An illness prevented her from taking the role that only postponed her professional stage début a short while later as a member of the Oakland California Stock Company.
San Francisco.
She first appeared in a play by a local California playwright (Cipricio or Ciprico) entitled "Adolph Chalet" in which her performance as Marie, a minor role, went largely unnoticed in a cast that included Jeffreys Lewis, Osmond Tearle and Gerard Eyre. Later in the season she won praise for her depiction of Nadia in a dramatization of the Jules Verne novel "Michael Strogoff".
Around 1882 Davies joined the Baldwin Theatre Stock Company where she was given the opportunity to support the great Italian actor Ernesto Rossi as Regan and the Player Queen in productions of Shakespeare’s "King Lear" and "Hamlet" and in the role Lady Angela in Charles Francis Coghlan’s "The Royal Box", his adaption of the Alexandre Dumas play "Kean". That same season William Edward Sherigan, a well known actor of the day, cast her as Prince Arthur to his Baldwin in "King John", Lady Ann in "Richard III" and the title role in "Romeo and Juliet" opposite his Mercutio. During the period she also appeared with the seventy-one-year-old veteran actor Charles R. Thorne as Maritana in an adaption of the Jules Massenet Opéra comique, "Don César de Bazan" and as Hortense to Jennie Lee’s Little Jo in Dickens’s "Bleak House".
On June 7, 1882 Davies married in San Francisco Joseph R. Grismer, then a lead actor at the Baldwin Theatre. In September, 1883 the two joined a company of actors from the Baldwin in a tour that was timed to correspond with various county fairs throughout California. Under the direction of Sam O. Mott the troup performed a series of plays including "Chispa" by the California playwright, Clay M. Greene. Davies portrayal of the title role garnered her an offer by one theatrical producer to make her a star on the New York stage, an opportunity the not yet twenty-year old actress felt not prepared to accept. 
Later that year the couple formed the Grismer-Davies Organization and began playing theaters throughout California and eventually on tours that encompassed the Western States and Provinces of North America.
During this time Davies played Mercedes in "Monte Cristo" from the Alexandre Dumas story, "The Count of Monte Cristo" and Pauline in "Called Back" from the book by Hugh Conway both plays written for the stage by Grismer. Other plays performed by the Grismer-Davies Organization would include "Editha’s Burglar" by Frances Hodgson Burnett, "The Midnight Bell", a play by Charles Hale Hoyt that that would later help launch the career of Maude Adams, the Bartley Campbell play "Fairfax," "Lights and Shadows" by Henry Leslie, the Frank Harvey, Sr. play, "The World Against Her," "The Tigress" by Ramsey Morris," "The Long Strike" by Dion Boucicault, Lester Wallack’s "Rosedale," another Boucicault play "The Streets of New York," 
On Sunday, September 12, 1892, their son Conrad Valentine Grismer became the first baby to be baptized in the baptismal font writer Clay M. Greene had donated to St. John's Episcopal Church (15th and Julian Avenue) in San Francisco.
New York.
In 1893 Grismer and Davies began what would turn out to be a long tour of the major cities of the Eastern United States as Captain Harry Ford and Georgia Gwynne in his original play, "The New South," a melodrama written with Clay M. Greene about the American South a generation after the close of the Civil War. "The New South" was adapted for film in 1916 with Carlyle Blackwell and Ethel Clayton taking the roles of Ford and Gwynne. The couple next appeared together in the Sutton Vane, Sr. play, "Humanity", as Lt. Bevis Cranbourne and Alma Dunbar, which opened in New York at the Fourteenth Street Theatre on February 4, 1895.
Soon afterwards her husband along with actor William A. Brady, a former member of their company in California, purchased the rights to Lottie Blair Parker’s "Way Down East," a pastoral play about country life in New England. With Grismer’s elaborations and Davies in the lead role as Anna Moore opposite Howard Kyle as David Bartlett, "Way Down East" debuted on September 3, 1897 at Providence Rhode Island and the following month made its New York premier at the Manhattan Theatre. "Way Down East," at first received a lukewarm reception, but slowly began to gain momentum as it was performed in cities across the country. Over a run the lasted nearly ten seasons with some 4,000 performances, it was estimated that the play netted around a million dollars, with her husband’s share placed in the neighborhood of three hundred and fifty thousand dollars. "Way Down East," that remained popular with the public for many years, was on four occasions between 1908 and 1935 produced as a motion picture. Davies continued to tour with the "Way Down East" into 1909 and had planned later in the year to appear opposite Arnold Daly in Algernon Boyesen's adaptation of Paul Hervieu's's four-act play, "Know Thyself," before falling seriously ill.
Phoebe Davies died after an extended illness on December 4, 1912, aged 48, at her residence in Larchmont, New York. She was survived by her husband and son.

</doc>
<doc id="36820933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820933" title="Romey Gill">
Romey Gill

Romey Gill (born Romey Singh Gill) (1979 – 24 June 2009) was a Punjabi Indian singer. He had success with his songs Nahron Paar Bangla, Jeeto and Nakhra Chari Jawani Da.

</doc>
<doc id="36820936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820936" title="South Fork Dam (Nevada)">
South Fork Dam (Nevada)

South Fork Dam is a dam in Elko County, Nevada, in the northeastern part of the state, about fifteen miles south of the town of Elko.
The earthen dam was completed in 1988 by the Nevada Department of Conservation and Natural Resources, with a height of 72 feet and 1650 feet long at its crest. It impounds South Fork Humboldt River for flood control and recreation. 
The reservoir it creates, South Fork Reservoir, has a water surface of 1,650 acres (670 ha) surrounded by 2,200 acres (890 ha) of marsh, meadowland, and hills. Recreation is primarily fishing, for rainbow and brown trout, cutt-bow trout, smallmouth and largemouth black bass, wiper hybrid bass and channel catfish. Facilities include a 25-site campground at the adjacent South Fork State Recreation Area. 

</doc>
<doc id="36820938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820938" title="List of archaeological excavations by date">
List of archaeological excavations by date

This is a list of significant archaeological expeditions by date, which include first excavations at important sites, or expeditions that uncovered important objects.

</doc>
<doc id="36820942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820942" title="Anik Dutta">
Anik Dutta

Anik Dutta is a Bengali film director who made his directorial debut in 2012 film Bhooter Bhabishyat. In 2012 he started working on a film on Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay's novel "Aschorjo Prodip".

</doc>
<doc id="36820948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820948" title="The Book of Bebb">
The Book of Bebb

The Book of Bebb is a novel tetralogy by Frederick Buechner. The series consists of "Lion Country" (1971), "Open Heart" (1972), "Love Feast" (1974) and "Treasure Hunt" (1977). The tetralogy was then edited and published in one volume as "The Book of Bebb" (1979).
The Bebb novels revolve around the figure of Leo Bebb, a clergyman with a shady past, and are narrated by his son-in-law, Antonio Parr. Timothy K. Jones notes that Buechner "did not flinch at depicting Bebb's shady finances and sexual exhibitionism." 
W. Dale Brown argues that "The Book of Bebb" "continues with the questions dominating all of Buechner's work: belief versus unbelief, the ambiguities of life, the nature of sin, human lostness, spiritual homesickness, the quest for self-identity, the need for self-revelation, the search for meaning, and the possibility of joy." Brown goes on to suggest that "Buechner's repeated use of ambiguous protagonists as channels of grace suggests Graham Greene, J. F. Powers and Robertson Davies."

</doc>
<doc id="36820956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820956" title="Feel...">
Feel...

Feel... (stylized as feel...) is the second compilation DVD from Japanese star Koda Kumi. As of 2010, the DVD has shifted 32,591 copies.
Tracklist.
Official Tracklist

</doc>
<doc id="36820963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820963" title="Ramiz Akhmerov">
Ramiz Akhmerov

Ramiz Akhmerov (born 8 March 1953) is a former tennis player from Azerbaijan who competed for the Soviet Union in the Davis Cup.
Akhmerov, who was runner-up to Alexander Zverev at the 1979 Soviet Championships, won three Summer Universiade medals. He earned a bronze medal at the 1977 event and won both a gold and silver medal at the 1979 Summer Universiade.
He made his Davis Cup debut in 1979, at Barcelona, where he lost a singles rubber to Spain's Antonio Munoz. His only other Davis Cup appearance came in Donetsk three years later. He and partner Vadim Borisov played the doubles rubber against India's Amritraj brothers, Anand and Vijay. The Soviet pairing lost the match in four sets.

</doc>
<doc id="36820964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820964" title="Joseph DeGuglielmo">
Joseph DeGuglielmo

Joseph A. DeGuglielmo was an American judge and politician who served as associate justice of the Boston Municipal Court and was mayor and city manager of Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Early life.
DeGuglielmo was born and raised in Cambridge. He graduated from Harvard University in 1929 and Boston University School of Law in 1933. He was a member of the Alpha Phi Delta fraternity and was its national president. During World War II he served in the United States Army.
Public service career.
Cambridge.
DeGuglielmo began his public career in 1938 as assistant city solicitor of Cambridge. From 1945 to 1963 he was a member of the Cambridge City Council. From 1952 to 1954 he was mayor of Cambridge, an office that is appointed by the City Council. As mayor he was also chairman ex- officio of the School Committee. He later served as city manager from 1967 to 1968.
Jurist.
In 1957, DeGuglielmo was appointed an assistant district attorney of Middlesex County.
In 1971, he was appointed an associate justice of the Boston Municipal Court by Governor Francis Sargent. He retired from the bench in 1978.
Other political activities.
DeGuglielmo served as chairman of the Cambridge Democratic Committee. He was friend of John F. Kennedy and campaigned for him during Kennedy's first congressional run.
Personal life.
DeGuglielmo was married twice. His first wife, Angela Ferraro, died in 1974. He remained married to his second wife, Alice O'Regan, until his death in 1978.
His nephew is comic Jimmy Tingle.
Death.
DeGuglielmo died on May 18, 1983 in Boston.

</doc>
<doc id="36820969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820969" title="Lion Country">
Lion Country

Lion Country is a novel by Frederick Buechner, and the first in the "Book of Bebb" series. "Lion Country" was written in 1971, and was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction in 1972.
"Lion Country" is written in the first person. The narrator, Antonio Parr, is a writer who attempts a piece of investigative journalism. Parr tries to expose Leo Bebb, a clergyman who runs a diploma mill, as a con-man. Parr becomes friends with Bebb, however, and marries Bebb's daughter.
The title of the novel comes from the Lion Country Safari, which is featured in the book.
Cynthia Ozick calls "Lion Country" and it sequel, "Open Heart", "God-hungry comic novels speckled with dying and laughter."

</doc>
<doc id="36820982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820982" title="Penticton Secondary School">
Penticton Secondary School

'
Penticton Secondary School (or "Pen High" or PSS) is a high school located in Penticton, British Columbia, Canada. PSS is operated by School District 67 Okanagan Skaha. It is one of two secondary schools in Penticton and one of three in the school district. It is located on the same campus as the Okanagan School of the Arts. The school district's French Immersion classes for grades 9-12 are located at the school.
Academic programs.
In addition to standard core curriculum programs, Advanced Placement courses are offered which can be used for credit and universities and colleges. Other programs offered include:
Hockey Academy.
The school is involved with the Okanagan Hockey School in a private-public partnership at the Okanagan Hockey Academy (OHA). Students traveling to Penticton to enroll in the OHA are eligible to take academic courses at PenHigh while PenHigh students receive hockey training and practice from the OHA. Students are also eligible to play on the OHA's competitive teams.
Music.
The school's music program offers:
History & facilities.
Penticton High School opened on the current site in 1913 in the Ellis building and in 1921 expanded into the new Shatford building, named after the recently deceased former Member of the Legislative Assembly in British Columbia and later Senator Lytton Shatford. Shatford's company had purchased the Ellis estate on whose land the school would be established. The buildings have also been known as the Ellis School and the Shatford School, respectively. Numerous renovations and expansions occurred from the 1940s on. A new facility was constructed on the same campus during 2006-2008 at a capital cost of $38 million. The school district agreed to maintain the Ellis building, which was upgraded and incorporated into the new school at a cost of $3.1 million, and the city took responsibility for the Shatford building. The new building's design incorporated energy efficient strategies, including a geothermal heating system.
The Shatford Centre is one of two heritage buildings on the PSS campus. Its renovation was completed in 2011 and was funded by the school district, the local, provincial, and federal governments, and other public and private entities. The Shatford building has been renamed The Shatford Centre which operates as a conference centre and events facility, and houses the Okanagan School of the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="36820985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36820985" title="Mercer Cook">
Mercer Cook

Will Mercer Cook (March 30, 1903 - October 4, 1987), popularly known as Mercer Cook, was an African-American diplomat and professor. He was the first American ambassador to the Gambia, appointed while ambassador to Senegal. He was also the second American ambassador to Niger.
He was the son of the noted composer Will Marion Cook.

</doc>
<doc id="36821021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821021" title="A Place I Go">
A Place I Go

A Place I Go is the second studio album from Tyler James, released on 29 October 2012. The album serves as a follow up to the debut album, "The Unlikely Lad" and marks James' second full-length release with Island Records.
The release of "A Place I Go" was preceded by the single "Single Tear" on 21 October 2012. The album also contains James' version of Steve Winwood's "Higher Love", which was performed live by James on "The Voice UK" and also featured on the show's compilation album. The album received mixed reviews, and peaked at number 47 on the UK Albums Chart the week of its release.
Background.
James confirmed in an interview with Digital Spy that he had written the album with Fraser T Smith and Guy Chambers. On his collaborations, he expressed "Working with Fraser T Smith is wicked. He's someone I've wanted to work with for a long time. I have so much respect for the craft of songwriting, so working with people like Fraser and Guy Chambers, there's so much I can learn from them."
James' mentor on "The Voice UK", will.i.am has overseen the project. James stated "...the thing with will is that he's more overseeing my album. I'll send him tracks and he'll let me know what he thinks. I went for The Voice and didn't really think about it, to be honest. It wasn't a massive decision I made. Usually I wouldn't go for something like that because I'd be too scared. The chances of it f**king up are so great, so now when I look back at getting to the final I'm like, 'That was f**king lucky'. I hadn't really done much for four years leading up to that and that part of my life was quite sad and dramatic. So all of these songs coming out now reflects that. There is a part of my brain that's saying, 'Ooh, you better write something a bit more uptempo and happy'. But ultimately, if that's where your head's at, that's what you've got to do."
Critical reception.
The album received mixed reviews, with Virgin Media awarding the album 3 out of 5 stars, saying "the album suffers from over-earnestness and a samey pace" but is "an interesting real-deal of a debut", and Digital Spy giving the album 2 out of 5 stars, calling the album a "sluggish set which sadly falls short of expectations".

</doc>
<doc id="36821024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821024" title="Egyptian Pharmaceutical Students' Federation">
Egyptian Pharmaceutical Students' Federation

The Egyptian Pharmaceutical Students' Federation (EPSF) (Arabic|"الاتحاد المصري لطلاب الصيدلة") is an independent student organization representing about 50,000 pharmacy students in 30 pharmacy schools all over Egypt. It works under the supervision of the Egyptian Pharmacists' Syndicate, the national FIP. Since 1982 EPSF has also been a Full Member organization representing Egypt in the International Pharmaceutical Students' Federation.
History.
EPSF was initially established in January 1982 with six pharmacy schools:
EPSF got its Full Membership in IPSF during the General Assembly of the 28th IPSF Congress in Sweden, August 1982.
Members.
Today EPSF is represented by pharmacy associations in 30 different pharmacy schools in Egypt:
26||EPSF-MSA ||MSA Pharmaceutical Students' Scientific Association ||MSA University
Structure.
EPSF consists of the General assembly and the executive structure. Each association is represented in the GA and has its right to vote according to the EPSF constitution, which gives the right to vote to the Full members only.
General Assembly (GA).
The GA is the highest decision-making body in EPSF at which discussion of all the Federation's ongoing matters and plans take place. It also accepts reports and elects the Executive Board.
EPSF General Assemblies are held four times a year, first during the Annual National Conference in October, the second after the mid-year vacation at the end of February, the third during the National Symposium at the end of April, and the fourth in August. This ensures a smooth running of the Local Associations whilst taking important decisions, accepting reports of Executive and Associations, accepting new members to EPSF, and the constitution changes. The Full Members Associations of EPSF have the right to vote in the General Assembly. In order to do it is required to Full Members Associations to present the projects reports, attend all the General Assembly meetings and to pay their Membership fees.
Executive Board.
The EPSF Executive consists of eleven elected members: President, Secretary General, Treasurer, IPSF Contact Person, and Chairpersons of Public Health, Public Relations, Professional Development, Media and Publications, Continuous Education, Organizing Committee and the Student Exchange Officer, the Immediate Past President work as an advisor for the Executive board. Executive Board members are Pharmacy students who work on serve the Federation as volunteers.
Awards.
On 12 August 2011, the EPSF was declared winner of the IPSF Annual Award (Sidney J. Relph Award) for the overall best-performing association in the world 2010-11 in the Gala Night of the 57th IPSF World Congress in Hat Yai, Thailand.
International Achievements.
The Egyptian Pharmaceutical Students' Federation has hosted three International Pharmaceutical Students' Federation annual world congresses:
Public Health.
Public health promotion is an important activity of the Egyptian Pharmaceutical Students' Federation. The mission is to increase public awareness by organizing health campaigns in public places about difference epidemic places in Egypt. Each year EPSFers, young pharmacists all over Egypt, work to extend their role in the community. They follow a certain IPSF portfolio with the International world health days. They keep alert of the common diseases that affect the community and take certain measures to fight diseases.
All the Associations collaborate with their time and efforts preparing the material and actively arrange campaigns all over Egypt. They all interact and develop their skills, to bring change to the world and improve the quality of life.
Tobacco Alert Campaign.
Each year EPSF exerts effort to reduce the prevalence of smoking-related diseases. Their target is to convince people to stop and to help them understand the risks of developing the fatal diseases caused by smoking. Congresses and campaigns aim to help people detect the diseases caused by smoking and be diagnosed early.

</doc>
<doc id="36821036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821036" title="Bīt mēseri">
Bīt mēseri

Bīt mēseri, inscribed "bit me-se-ri"meš and meaning “House of Confinement” or “Detention,” is an ancient Mesopotamian ritual incantation text complete on four cuneiform tablets for the protection of the house against invading evil. The earliest extant copies are neo-Assyrian, from the library of Ashurbanipal, where, according to its ritual tablet, it was to be conducted regularly in the months of "Tašrītu" and "Araḫsamna", but there is also a late Babylonian (4th or 3rd century BC) rescension recovered from the house of a priest in Uruk and copied by Anu-ikṣur, "kalû", or incantation priest, son of Šamaš-iddin, descendant of Šangû-Ninurta. It is one of the works cited in the "Exorcists Manual" as forming part of the curriculum of the "āšipu", or exorcist.
The text.
In contrast to the incantation "šēp lemutti ina bīt amēli parāsu", “to block the foot of evil into a man’s house,” which provides the ritual to be performed to protect a house from demonic attack, "bīt mēseri" prescribes the activities to be performed when someone has already become ill, which was assumed to be under demonic assault. The first tablet is extant in fragmentary form and probably included the incipits to the incantations on the other three tablets. Offerings are made to Ea, Šamaš and Marduk and there is a purification of “all the statues of wood and that you have made.”
The second tablet includes an instruction for the "āšipu" conducting the ritual – to impersonate the god Marduk: "šiptu šipat Marduk āšipu ṣalam Marduk", "The incantation is the incantation of Marduk, the "āšipu" is the very image of Marduk." It describes the events (deaths, confusion and unhappiness) which have befallen the house and led to the selection of this ritual and then provides a lengthy list of figures and incantations. The text describes in detail how figurines should be formed and paintings drawn of the "apkallus", "sages," and the invocation to make them incarnate. They are arranged in the sick person’s room, close to his bed:
It concludes with a lengthy prayer to the god Nusku, who is entreated to "expel the Demon, overcome Evil, and Šulak, the nightly wanderer, whose touch is death." 
The third tablet of the series is perhaps why the incantation series is considered significant as it includes the earliest extant list of the "apkallus". These come in three forms – ūmu-, fish- and bird-"apkallus", where the former may mean light and/or day and seem to be of human descent. In contrast to the other extant lists, there are eleven of these primordial beings, in two distinct groups, seven antediluvian and four postdiluvian:
At the end of the third tablet, the statues are discarded in the river and the drawings erased from the walls. The fourth tablet is fragmentary.

</doc>
<doc id="36821105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821105" title="Melody Cruise (film)">
Melody Cruise (film)

Melody Cruise is a 1933 musical romantic comedy film directed by Mark Sandrich.
Plot.
On a cruise liner a bachelor millionaire is subject to the attention of girls seeking a rich husband.
Box office.
The movie made a profit of $150,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36821118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821118" title="Mikhail Mozer">
Mikhail Mozer

Mikhail I. Mozer (22 June 1935 – 28 October 1993) was a tennis player from Ukraine who competed for the Soviet Union.
Career.
Mozer won the Soviet Championships in both 1959 and 1960. He was unbeaten in Davis Cup competition, winning all four of his singles rubbers, which were all played in 1963 ties, against Finland and Chile. The Ukrainian twice competed at Wimbledon. In the 1960 tournament he lost a five set opening round match to Jiří Javorský and at the same event three years later he again exited in the first round, losing to Rafael Osuna. His only other appearance in a Grand Slam tournament was at the 1960 French Championships, where he was unable to get past Ingo Buding in the opening round.

</doc>
<doc id="36821130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821130" title="Amherst Area Chamber of Commerce">
Amherst Area Chamber of Commerce

The Amherst Area Chamber of Commerce is the local chamber of commerce for portions of Hampshire and Franklin counties within the Pioneer Valley of Massachusetts. The chamber represents the business needs of over 600 businesses and 4,200 employees in the area.
The Amherst Area Chamber is considered to be the one of the most powerful business organizations in Western Massachusetts.
Mission statement.
"The mission of the Amherst Area Chamber of Commerce is to create, maintain and promote a vital thriving business climate throughout the Amherst area and to initiate and support the civic, educational, recreational, and economic well being of the Amherst Area." 
Chamber model.
The Amherst Area Chamber is supported by members' dues and its own fundraising activities. Membership is open to anyone and dues are based upon a sliding scale based on the number of employees. The Chamber is a partner organization with the Greater Northampton Chamber and Greater Easthampton Chamber in the formation and management of the Hampshire County Regional Tourism Council.
The Amherst Area Chamber of Commerce is divided into Councils, with each Council being an advocate for different interests of the members or responsible for the hosting of various chamber events throughout the year. 
Member Benefits.
There are many benefits that businesses can access once they become members. They are in the areas of marketing, advertising, educational support, ribbon cutting ceremonies, referrals, networking, business advocacy, special discounts and group buying power.
Issues.
The Amherst Area Chamber supported the ban on disposable food and drink containers made from expanded polystyrene (commonly called Styrofoam) beginning on January 1, 2014 in the town of Amherst. The chamber hoped that prices for alternative containers would go down for local restaurants affected businesses as paper-based containers become more popular.
Events.
The annual Taste of Amherst is one of the most popular events that the Amherst Area Chamber of Commerce hosts. It draws over 20,000 people to eat at over 20 local restaurants that set up tents on the Amherst town common. There are also bounce houses and face painting for children and a beer tent for adults. The Taste of Amherst has had a large effort in the past few years to "green up the event". All of the plates and silverware are made of compostable materials. There are three stations where patrons bring their trash to be sorted into recycling, compost, and waste.

</doc>
<doc id="36821133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821133" title="Loetoeng Kasaroeng">
Loetoeng Kasaroeng

Loetoeng Kasaroeng is a 1926 fantasy film from the Dutch East Indies (modern-day Indonesia) which was directed and produced by L. Heuveldorp. An adaptation of the Sundanese folktale "Lutung Kasarung" ("The Lost Lutung"), the film tells of a young girl who falls in love with a magical lutung and stars the children of noblemen. Details on its performance are unavailable, although it is known to have been of poor technical quality and thought to have performed poorly. It was the first film produced in the country and the first to feature a native-Indonesian cast. It is likely a lost film.
Plot.
Purbasari and Purbararang are sisters and in competition. Purbararang, the elder sister, teases Purbasari about the latter's lover, a lutung named Guru Minang; Purbarang's boyfriend, Indrajaya, is a handsome human. However, the girls discover that Guru Minang is actually a god who is more handsome than Indrajaya.
Production.
The first showing of films in the Dutch East Indies was in 1900, and over the next twenty years foreign productions – generally from the United States – were imported and shown throughout the country. Domestic production of documentaries had begun in 1911 but were unable to compete with imported works. By 1923 a local feature film production spearheaded by the Middle East Film Co. was announced, but the work was not completed.
Under pressure from imported works, in 1926 N.V. Java Film, a production house based in Batavia (modern-day Jakarta) which had previously produced a single documentary, "Inlanders op de Krokodillenjacht" ("Native Crocodile Hunters"), chose to make a feature film based on the Sundanese folktale "Lutung Kasarung". The company's owner, L. Heuveldorp served as director and producer, while its laboratory head G. Krugers handled cinematography and processing. Little biographical information is available regarding the background of both men, although is was reported that Heuveldorp had previous experience from working in the United States.
The cast was drawn entirely from the "priyayi" (noble) class, under the coordination of school headmaster Kartabrata. Among the cast were children of Wiranatakusumah V, the regent of Bandung; he had agreed to help fund the film to promote Sundanese culture, and had previously brought the story to the stage. Further subsidies had come from the Ministry of Defence, which donated trucks to ease filming.
Filming had begun by August 1926, when several scenes were shot in a cave that had been excavated for the production on Karang Hill. Heuveldorp, unable to force the actors to play their roles seriously, shot several scenes with them acting as they wished before showing them the results; upon realising that their acting had been disappointing, the cast began to listen to stage directions. Afterwards they began rehearsing each scene at least twice, with Kartabrata standing behind the cameraman and giving directions.
Release and reception.
The film was screened on 31 December 1926 at the Oriental and Elita Theatres in Bandung, making it the first domestically-produced feature film and the first with a native cast. The advertisements were in both Dutch- and Malay-language publications. The film was screened for only a week, with live Sundanese "gamelan" performances providing music, after which "Loetoeng Kasaroeng" was replaced with Hollywood films. Although its box office performance is not recorded, it is thought to have been poor.
A review by "Bandoenger" in "Panorama" magazine considered the film of poor technical quality compared to imported films, suggesting that the production was underfunded; the review states that some actors were not paid for their work. The Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran wrote that "Loetoeng Kasaroeng" would have been poorly received outside of East Java, owing to Sundanese culture and dance not being considered interesting to other ethnic groups, particularly the Javanese. William van der Heide, a lecturer on film studies at the University of Newcastle in Australia, notes that the tendency of European filmmakers to depict natives as primitives may also have influenced the poor ticket sales.
Legacy.
Although Heuveldorp is not recorded as being involved in any more fiction film productions, Krugers went on to direct several films, including the area's first talkie, "Karnadi Anemer Bangkong" (1931), before leaving the country in 1936. At least one of the cast members, Oemar, is recorded as continuing to act. "Lutung Kasarung" was adapted to film twice further, in 1952 and 1983.
After "Loetoeng Kasaroeng" was released, numerous domestic films were made. The second domestic production, "Eulis Atjih" (1927), was directed by Krugers and received a wider release. With the release of "Lily van Java" ("Lily of Java") in 1928, ethnic Chinese became involved in the industry; by 1940 native directors had become common. However, the first truly Indonesian film is considered to be Usmar Ismail's "Darah dan Doa" ("The Long March") in 1950, released after the Dutch recognised Indonesia's independence in 1949.
"Loetoeng Kasaroeng" is likely a lost film. The American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider wrote that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost. However, JB Kristanto's "Katalog Film Indonesia" ("Indonesian Film Catalogue") records several as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia's archives, and Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service.

</doc>
<doc id="36821136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821136" title="Alejandro Rodríguez de Miguel">
Alejandro Rodríguez de Miguel

Alejandro Rodríguez de Miguel (born 30 July 1991) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Italian Serie B club Cesena.
Biography.
Born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Rodríguez started his career at local RCD Espanyol. In the 2010 summer he joined Italian side Cesena, and made his first-team – and Serie A – debut on 7 November 2010, playing the last 13 minutes of a 1–3 loss at Juventus. He spent the vast majority of the season with the reserves, however.
In July 2011 Rodríguez moved to Pavia in a season-long loan deal. After playing regularly for the side he returned to Cesena, and netted his first goal for the club on 30 October 2012, scoring a last-minute 3–2 winner against Grosseto at Stadio Dino Manuzzi. In 2012–13 season, he was awarded no.30 shirt of the first team which vacated by Francesco Urso. In 2013 he picked no.9 shirt which vacated by Gianluca Lapadula.

</doc>
<doc id="36821140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821140" title="Cross Fire (film)">
Cross Fire (film)

Cross Fire is a 1933 Western film starring Tom Keene.
It made a profit of $30,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36821158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821158" title="Second Wife (1936 film)">
Second Wife (1936 film)

Second Wife is a 1936 film.
Reception.
It made a profit of $58,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36821178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821178" title="Come on Danger!">
Come on Danger!

Come on Danger! is a 1932 Western film. It made a profit of $30,000.
It was remade in 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="36821185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821185" title="Partners (1932 film)">
Partners (1932 film)

Partners is a 1932 Western starring Tom Keene.
It made a profit of $30,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36821187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821187" title="Bhotewodar">
Bhotewodar

Bhotewodar is one of the main cities of Lamjung District. It is identified as the gateway of East Lamjung. It lies in the Gandaki zone, Nepal.It was named as Bhotewodar
because there was a cave (odhar) in this place where Bhotais used to take shelter during the winter time and used to sell their goods.
So,it was named as Bhotewodar later. It has three government schools and three private boarding schools. Bhakti Namuna Higher Secondary
School was established in 2024 B.S. Students can get education up to diploma level herein. It has got all kind of facilities like
electricity, transportation, communication, health and so on. The climate is very fine to settle. It lies near the Marsyangdi river. It
has Middle Marsyangdi Hydropower House. Newars are the first inhabitants of this place. Later on people from gurung community,
Brahmin community chhetri community also have settled here.
At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 5897.

</doc>
<doc id="36821205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821205" title="Alysa van Haastert">
Alysa van Haastert

Alysa van Haastert is a Canadian actor born near Rimbey, Alberta.
Theatre career.
Alysa van Haastert is a Canadian actor born near Rimbey, Alberta. In 2007, she moved to Rosebud to pursue a career in acting. She participated in the Mentorship Acting Programme at Rosebud School of the Arts, producing and starring in Jeffrey Hatcher's theatrical adaptation of Henry James' "The Turn of the Screw" as her final project. She acted as Elsa in Rosebud Theatre's 2010 production of Athol Fugard's "The Road to Mecca". In 2011, she appeared in Rosebud's production of Gary Kirkham's "Queen Milli of Galt", and portrayed Kate Terry in Rosebud's production of "A Bright Particular Star". She portrayed Annie in Rosebud's 2012 production of "$38,000 for a Friendly Face" by Kristen Shepherd. She also acted in Rosebud's production of a theatrical adaptation of George MacDonald's short story "The Giant's Heart". She portrayed Ali in the 2012 tour of Andrew Kooman's "She Has a Name". Her portrayal was praised as "strong" and "unexpectedly moving".

</doc>
<doc id="36821209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821209" title="List of role-playing game software">
List of role-playing game software

Role-playing game software, as opposed to role-playing video games, is software intended to assist in the development and running of role-playing games, but which does not allow for the game to be played entirely within the computer. Such software may assist in the drawing of maps, player character and non-player character creation, generation of monsters, and the provision of dice rolls and their results. The software may be specific to a single role playing game system, or flexible enough to be applied to multiple game models.

</doc>
<doc id="36821215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821215" title="Miguel Araujo">
Miguel Araujo

Miguel Gianpierre Araujo Blanco (born 24 October 1994) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club Red Star Belgrade.
Club career.
Cobresol.
Miguel Araujo started his senior career by joining Cobresol's first team on 13 July 2011. Then on 5 November 2011, at the age of 17, he made his league debut in the Torneo Descentralizado in matchday 27 away to Universidad César Vallejo. Araujo was included in the starting line-up by manager Teddy Cardama and was later changed for Jaime La Torre in stoppage time as the match finished in a 1–0 win for Vallejo. 
In his next match he played as a starter again in his side's 1–1 at home draw against Universitario de Deportes for matchday 28. He played the following matches as a starter and recorded his first win for his side in the 3–1 win over Colegio Nacional Iquitos for matchday 30.
Sport Huancayo.
Arauho left Cobresol to join Sport Huancayo in January 2012. He played over 40 league matches with Sport Huancayo before making his move to Europe.
Red Star Belgrade.
On 29 July 2013, he signed a four-year contract with Serbian club Red Star Belgrade and was assigned the number 20 on his jersey. He made his debut for the club in a 5–1 win over Novi Pazar on 19 October 2013, with manager Slaviša Stojanović describing his performance as "solid".
International career.
Miguel Araujo was part of the Peruvian U-17 team that finished fourth at the 2011 South American Under-17 Football Championship and in the Peruvian U-20 team at the 2013 South American Youth Championship.
On 27 March 2013, he received a call for the Peru national football team but hasn´t debuted in a match against Trinidad and Tobago.

</doc>
<doc id="36821220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821220" title="Odin's People">
Odin's People

Odin's People was an Irish folk trio active in the 1960s, made up of twins Elaine and Derek Thompson and Larry Johns. They released two singles on the Major Minor label in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="36821225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821225" title="Not a Pretty Picture">
Not a Pretty Picture

Not a Pretty Picture is an American docudrama film released in 1976. The film was written, produced and directed by Martha Coolidge, marking her narrative feature film directorial debut, after years of working as a documentary filmmaker in the early to mid-1970s.
The film is a retelling about Coolidge, who was date raped when she was sixteen years old. The film follows the aftermath of the incident on the main character.

</doc>
<doc id="36821236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821236" title="Mahanagar@Kolkata">
Mahanagar@Kolkata

Mahanagar@Kolkata is a 2010 Bengali film directed by Suman Mukhopadhyay. The film is based on three stories of Nabarun Bhattacharya. The film was screened in Munich film festivals.
Plot.
Director Suman Mukhopadhyay has strung three stories of Nabarun Bhattacharya "Ek Tukro Nyloner Dori", "Amar Kono Bhoy Nei Toh" and "Angshik Chandragrahan" to create this film. The story of the film revolves around the people and their life of Kolkata metropolitan city. The film explores the different worlds of Manmatha, Jagadish, Biren, Rohit, Rongili and Kamalini. Manmatha and Jagadish belong to different economic and social class. Biren is jobless. Rohit is an NRI, Kamalini is wife of Rohit. Rohit has a relationship with Rangili, another woman.
Awards.
2009 National Film Awards

</doc>
<doc id="36821240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821240" title="Hugo Soares">
Hugo Soares

Hugo César Lopes da Silva Soares, simply Hugo Soares (born 15 December 1974 in Luanda) is a former Angolan football striker.

</doc>
<doc id="36821241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821241" title="Yoshio Katsuta">
Yoshio Katsuta

Yoshio "John" Katsuta (15 March 1904 – 20 December 1997) was a Japanese-Canadian judoka born in Okayama, Japan who founded Alberta's first Judo dojo in Raymond, Alberta in 1943, and was the first president of the Alberta Black Belt Association, founded in 1952. Katsuta was ranked "roku-dan" (sixth-degree black belt) and was the recipient of many honours and awards for his service to the community and promotion of Judo in Canada. He received the Canadian Centennial Medal in 1967 and the 125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal in 1992, was awarded the Hokkaido Cup from the Governor of Japan in 1987, and was posthumously recognized with an Alberta Centennial Salute to Sport and Recreation Award in 2005. Katsuta was also inducted into the Raymond Sports Hall of Fame in 1987 and the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame in 2008, made a lifetime member of Judo Canada in 1983, and inducted into its Hall of Fame in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="36821242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821242" title="Black Hand (1950 film)">
Black Hand (1950 film)

Black Hand is a 1950 American film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Gene Kelly as an Italian immigrant fighting against the Black Hand extortion racket in New York City in the first decade of the 20th century.
Plot.
The film opens in 1900 as Roberto Colombo, an Italian-American attorney living in the Little Italy section of New York City, is killed by gangsters as he meets with a police officer to give information about an attempt to extort money from him. His widow and son return to Italy where his widow dies. In 1908, his son Giovanni Colombo (Gene Kelly) returns to New York City, determined to conduct a vendetta against the men who killed his father. He meets up with childhood friend Isabella Gomboli (Teresa Celli) and police detective Louis Lorelli (J. Carrol Naish), both of whom try to dissuade him.
After the man that Giovanni Colombo had hoped would tell him about his father's killers is murdered, Giovanni and Isabella work to rally people in Little Italy against the Black Hand racket, but that movement is dealt a set-back when Giovanni is attacked and his leg is broken. Recovering from his injury, Giovanni decides to study law as his father had, with the help of Isabella, with whom he has fallen in love. But when Lorelli shows them evidence uncovered after a bombing of a local store, Giovanni puts his studies on hold to help track down the perpetrators. The trial that results comes to nothing when a key witness is intimidated and refuses to testify, but the defendant is ultimately deported when police in Naples identify him as a fugitive from justice there.
Following the deportation, Lorelli travels to Italy to examine photographs of Italian criminals at large, in an attempt to identify other New York City gangsters that could be deported to Italy. He is attacked and killed in Italy, but only after he has mailed a list with the results of his research back to Giovanni in New York City. In an attempt to prevent this list from getting to authorities, gangsters kidnap Isabella's young brother. Giovanni is captured trying to save the boy, and reveals to the gangsters where they can find the list after they threaten to cripple the boy. After the gangsters get the list and the boy is released, Giovanni escapes and saves the list by igniting a bomb that he finds in the gangsters' hideout.
Reception.
According to MGM records the film earned $772,000 in the US and Canada and $438,000 elsewhere; it recorded a loss of $55,000.
Critical response.
Film critic Bosley Crowther praised Kelly's and Naish's work, while questioning the screenplay, "In his first 'straight' role in a picture—away from dancing and singing, that is—Mr. Kelly is eminently forceful as a young Italian-American who aspires to help his neighbors rid themselves of the bands of terrorists and extortionists which are fearfully known as 'the Black Hand.' And Mr. Naish is equally impressive as an Italian detective on the New York police force who joins in the youthful zealot's campaign to wipe out this terrifying scourge. One might tactfully question the simplicity of the plot, prepared by Luther Davis, as a wee bit theatrical."
Film critic Dennis Schwartz discussed the background of the film in his review: "Somewhat engaging early Mafia film that's based on a true story, when that infamous organization was known as the Black Hand. The Black Hand is 'based on the real-life story of Joseph Petrosino, a New York City police lieutenant who traveled to Palermo, Italy, to investigate the Mafia. He was shot and killed by snipers on the evening of March 12, 1909.' In the movie, Irish-American J. Carrol Naish plays the heroic Italian-American lieutenant's character. Director Richard Thorpe ("Night Must Fall"/"Malaya"/"Ivanhoe") sets a dark mood, while Irish-American hoofer Gene Kelly plays a brave Italian-American immigrant out to avenge his father's death by the Mafia, at the turn of the 20th century. It's a rare dramatic role for Kelly, who seems to be at home in this genre."

</doc>
<doc id="36821262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821262" title="Dorothea Bennett">
Dorothea Bennett

Dorothea Bennett (December 27, 1929, Honolulu - August 16, 1990, Houston) was a geneticist, known for the genetics of early mammalian development and for research into mammalian sperm surface structures and their role in fertilization and spermatogenesis. She was "one of the major figures in mouse developmental genetics".
Bennett was born on Oahu, Hawaii. She earned a Bachelor's degree from Barnard College in 1951 and a doctorate from Columbia University in 1956. She was in the Department of Zoology at Columbia from 1956 to 1962, where she worked with L. C. Dunn. Bennett left to join Cornell University Medical College in 1962, where she remained until 1976. From 1976 to 1986 she was at the Sloan-Kettering Institute for Cancer Research. 
Bennett moved to the University of Texas in Austin in 1986, where she was the Alfred W. Roark Centennial Professor and chair of the zoology department, and helped establish the graduate program in molecular biology.
Dorothea Bennett died of lymphoma in Texas, August 16, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36821265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821265" title="Sead Mašić">
Sead Mašić

Sead Mašić (born 10 May 1959) is a retired Bosnian footballer.
Born in Bosanski Brod, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, Mašić played with FK Partizan between 1979 and 1985. Playing as central defender, he played a total of 264 games and scored 14 goals with Partizan, 48 of which in the Yugoslav First League. With Partizan Mašić won national Championship in 1983. In 1984 he moved to another top league club, NK Dinamo Vinkovci, and a year later he moved to FK Trepča and played two seasons in the Yugoslav Second League. In 1987 he moved abroad to France and played in the 3. Division with FC Canet 66, Le Puy Foot 43 and Angoulême.
He is a member of the Gravediggers Toronto 1987 fan club.

</doc>
<doc id="36821275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821275" title="P. turris">
P. turris

P. turris may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36821285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821285" title="7 Spirits">
7 Spirits

'7 Spirits' (stylized as '7 SPIRITS') is the first DVD released by artist Koda Kumi and was released the same day as her second studio album Grow into One. The DVD contains the PVs that correspond to her singles from albums 'Affection' and 'Grow into One'. Along with the PVs, content also includes off-shots and bonus images.
The DVD has sold more than 35,439 copies since its release in March 2003.
Tracklist.
Official Tracklist

</doc>
<doc id="36821293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821293" title="Michael Dukakis tank photograph">
Michael Dukakis tank photograph

On September 13, 1988, Democratic US presidential candidate Dukakis visited the General Dynamics Land Systems plant in Sterling Heights, Michigan to take part in a photo op in an M1 Abrams tank. The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Margaret Thatcher, had been photographed in a similar situation in 1986, riding in a Challenger tank while wearing a scarf. Compared with Dukakis' results, Thatcher's picture was very successful and helped her reelection prospects. Footage of Dukakis was used in television ads by the Bush campaign, as evidence that Dukakis would not make a good commander-in-chief, and "Dukakis in the tank" remains shorthand for backfired public relations outings. Although he had served in the United States Army, Dukakis was widely mocked by his opponents for what they characterized as martial posturing and a silly image.

</doc>
<doc id="36821297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821297" title="Brian Hernandez">
Brian Hernandez

Brian Julio Hernandez (born April 13, 1984) is an American football Wide receiver who is currently a Free Agent.
College career.
He played at Pima Community College in 2004. He played at the University of Utah. In the two seasons in Utah, he finished with 86 receptions, 1,133 receiving yards and 4 receiving touchdowns. In 2005, 39 receptions, 709 receiving yards and 3 receiving touchdowns. On October 15, 2005, he recorded 7 receptions and 148 receiving 
yards against San Diego State but Utah loss 28-19.
Professional career.
Green Bay Blizzard.
On September 24, 2009, he was signed by the Green Bay Blizzard.
Las Vegas Locomotives.
In 2009, he signed with the Las Vegas Locomotives. For the 2010 season, He recorded 5 receptions and 55 receiving yards. He helped the Las Vegas Locomotives to win the UFL Championship for the second straight year.
Washington Redskins.
On May 6, 2012, he signed with the Washington Redskins. On July 28, 2012 he was released by the team.
Philadelphia Eagles.
On August 11, 2012, he signed with the Philadelphia Eagles. On September 5, 2012, He was released with an injury settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="36821347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821347" title="Alysa">
Alysa

Alysa is a feminine given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="36821348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821348" title="Friedensfeld West, Manitoba">
Friedensfeld West, Manitoba

Friedensfeld West, locally known as Friedensfeld, is a small hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Stanley, Manitoba, Canada. It is located south of Winkler along Manitoba Highway 32, about 8 kilometers north of the Canada-United States border. 
The community is officially known as Friedensfeld West to distinguish it from another community called Friedensfeld located in the Rural Municipality of Hanover in southeastern Manitoba.

</doc>
<doc id="36821350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821350" title="2012 UCI Juniors Track World Championships">
2012 UCI Juniors Track World Championships

The 2012 UCI Juniors Track World Championships were the World Championship for track cycling. They took place in Invercargill, New Zealand from 22 to 26 August 2012. Nineteen events were scheduled.

</doc>
<doc id="36821353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821353" title="Canadian Pharmacists Association">
Canadian Pharmacists Association

The Canadian Pharmacists Association (CPhA,) previously known as the Canadian Pharmaceutical Association, was founded in 1907 in Toronto, Ontario. CPhA is the national voice for Pharmacists in Canada, representing over 4,000 pharmacists practising in various fields of pharmacy in community, hospital, academia, government and corporate settings, plus an additional 3,000 pharmacy students. Its mission is to advocate for pharmacists and support its members to advance the profession and enhance patient outcomes. The CPhA Board of Directors is responsible for setting the broad direction of the association.
In 1923 CPhA became the publisher of the Canadian Pharmacists Journal, now Canada's oldest continuously published periodical.
CPhA’s publishing department produces the following evidence-based drug and therapeutic references:
Blueprint for Pharmacy.
The Blueprint Task Force was established in 2007 to define a vision and clear action plan for the future of pharmacy. The Task Force includes broad representation from pharmacy stakeholders across Canada. The Canadian Pharmacists Association is the Secretariat and provides project management support. The Vision for Pharmacy is: "Optimal drug therapy outcomes for Canadians through patient-centred care."

</doc>
<doc id="36821365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821365" title="William Austin Mahoney">
William Austin Mahoney

William Austin Mahoney (1871-1952) was a Canadian architect. During the first half of the 20th century, Mahoney was the leading architect in Guelph, Southwestern Ontario. Among the many buildings attributed to him, Mahoney designed several Carnegie libraries in Ontario: Aylmer, Campbellford, Elmira, Exeter, Fergus, Forest, Fort Frances, Kingsville, Midland, Parkhill, Port Hope, Stirling, Tillsonburg, Watford, and Whitby. Mahoney brother, Harry, was the town mayor in 1935-36.

</doc>
<doc id="36821402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821402" title="Arena Animation">
Arena Animation

Arena Animation is the Animation, Web designing, VFX & Multimedia education arm of Aptech Ltd. Over the past 16 years, Arena Animation has trained more than 350,000 students. The Institute provides education to prepare students for creative careers through its network of centres in over 20 countries.
See also.
Indian animation industry

</doc>
<doc id="36821420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821420" title="List of Canadian judoka">
List of Canadian judoka

This is a list of articles about prominent Canadian judoka. 
Judo Canada Hall of Fame.
The following judoka are members of Judo Canada's Hall of Fame, which was created in 1996 to honour Canada's "ambassadors of Judo". There are two categories: 'athletes' and 'builders'. 
Olympic Games.
The following judoka have represented Canada at the Olympic Games. There are two categories: athletes and coaches.
Paralympic Games.
The following judoka have represented Canada at the Paralympic Games. There are two categories: athletes and coaches.

</doc>
<doc id="36821422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821422" title="Cuban flightless crane">
Cuban flightless crane

The Cuban Flightless Crane ("Grus cubensis") is a large, extinct species of crane that was endemic to the island of Cuba in the Caribbean. The remains were found in Pleistocene deposits in Pinar del Rio. Probably derived from an early invasion of Sandhill Cranes from North America, it differed from that species by, as well as larger size, having a proportionately broader bill, stockier legs, and with reduced wings and pectoral girdle indicating flightlessness.

</doc>
<doc id="36821436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821436" title="C'mon (band)">
C'mon (band)

C'mon was a Canadian rock band based in Toronto. The core members were Ian Blurton on guitar and vocals, and Katie Lynn Campbell (formerly of Nashville Pussy) on bass and vocals. Randy Curnew, the original drummer, was replaced by Dean Dallas Bentley on drums.

</doc>
<doc id="36821446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821446" title="CPHA">
CPHA


</doc>
<doc id="36821450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821450" title="Smit Patel">
Smit Patel

Smit Kamleshbhai Patel (born 16 May 1993, Ahmedabad, Gujarat) is a cricketer who plays as an wicketkeeper for the India Under-19 cricket team and has also made a single List A appearance for Gujarat.

</doc>
<doc id="36821456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821456" title="Star Wars Detours">
Star Wars Detours

Star Wars Detours is an upcoming American computer-animated comic science fiction television series produced by Lucasfilm Animation The series is set between the events of ' and '.
"Robot Chicken" creators Seth Green and Matthew Senreich are involved in the show's production.
Voice actors on the show include Dee Bradley Baker, Abraham Benrubi, Ahmed Best as Jar Jar Binks, Anthony Daniels as C-3PO, Felicia Day, Donald Faison, Nat Faxon, Seth Green, Jennifer Hale, Zachary Levi, Joel McHale, Breckin Meyer, Dan Milano, Cree Summer, Catherine Taber as Princess Leia, Billy Dee Williams as Lando Calrissian, "Weird Al" Yankovic, Grey DeLisle, and Seth MacFarlane as Palpatine. Dan Milano, Tom Root, Zeb Wells, Doug Goldstein, Breckin Meyer, Kevin Shinick, David A. Goodman, Michael Price, and Jane Espenson are writers. Brendan Hay serves as head writer.
At the time of the show's announcement at Star Wars Celebration VI on August 24, 2012, an exact release date or network was not yet revealed.
On March 11, 2013, Lucasfilm announced that "Detours" would be postponed until a later date as the company furthers development of the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy, as they reconsidered whether releasing a comedy series prior to the project "makes sense". As of September 20, 2013, 39 episodes have been completed, with an additional 62 finished scripts.

</doc>
<doc id="36821506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821506" title="Bogusław Kaczmarek">
Bogusław Kaczmarek

Bogusław Kaczmarek is a Polish former footballer and current manager for ? in the ?.

</doc>
<doc id="36821570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821570" title="Riemann–Silberstein vector">
Riemann–Silberstein vector

In mathematical physics, in particular electromagnetism, the Riemann–Silberstein vector, named after Bernhard Riemann and Ludwik Silberstein, (or sometimes ambiguously called the "electromagnetic field") is a complex vector that combines the electric field E and the magnetic field B.
Definition.
Given an electric field E and a magnetic field B defined on a common region of spacetime, the Riemann–Silberstein vector is
where "c" is the speed of light, with some authors preferring to multiply the right hand side by an overall constant formula_2 where ε0 is the permittivity of free space. It is analogous to the electromagnetic tensor "F", a 2-vector used in the covariant formulation of classical electromagnetism.
In Silberstein's formulation, "i" was defined as the imaginary unit, and F was defined as a complexified 3-dimensional vector field. The value of F at an event was a bivector.
Application.
Bernhard Riemann used formula_3 to illustrate consolidation of Maxwell’s equations. According to lectures published by Heinrich Martin Weber in 1901, the real and imaginary components of the equation
are an interpretation of Maxwell’s equations without charges or currents. Riemann’s lectures are available on-line from University of Michigan Historical Math Collection in Weber’s book, §138, S. 348, under the title "Zusammenziehung der Maxwell’schen Gleichungen" (Consolidation of Maxwell’s Equations).
The Riemann–Silberstein vector is used as a point of reference in the geometric algebra formulation of electromagnetism. Maxwell's "four" equations in vector calculus reduce to "one" equation in the algebra of physical space:
Expressions for the fundamental invariants and the energy density and momentum density also take on simple forms:
where S is the Poynting vector.
The Riemann–Silberstein vector is used for an exact matrix representations of Maxwell's equations in an inhohogeneous medium with sources.
Photon wave function.
In 1996 contribution to quantum electrodynamics, Iwo Bialynicki-Birula used the Riemann–Silberstein vector as the basis for an approach to the photon, noting that it is a "complex vector-function of space coordinates r and time "t" that adequately describes the quantum state of a single photon". To put the Riemann–Silberstein vector in contemporary parlance, a transition is made:
Bialynicki-Birula acknowledges that the photon wave function is a controversial concept and that it cannot have all the properties of Schrödinger wave functions of non-relativistic wave mechanics. Yet defense is mounted on the basis of practicality: describing quantum states of excitation of a free field, electromagnetic fields acting on a medium, vacuum excitation of virtual positron-electron pairs, and to present the photon among quantum particles that do have wave functions.

</doc>
<doc id="36821589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821589" title="Eka Karya Botanic Garden">
Eka Karya Botanic Garden

Eka Karya Botanic Garden, also known as Bali Botanic Garden is a botanic garden in Bedugul, Bali, for botanical research, conservation, education and recreation.
The Eka Karya Botanic Garden is established on July 15, 1959 and situated at 1250–1450 m above sea level overlooking Beratan Lake and Ulundanu Temple, with an area of about 154 hectares (380 acres). Temperature is about 17 - 25°C in daytime and drops to 10 - 15°C at night with humidity 70-90%.
More than 1,500 species of plants are preserved at Bali Botanic Garden, representing 1,187species of plants from mountainous areas of eastern Indonesia: Bali, Nusa Tenggara, Sulawesi, Maluku and Papua and 524 birches species from outside the country.
Beside the plant collections, Eka Karya Botanic Garden also has a traditional Balinese house that functions as guest house for scientists who are doing observation. It is also open for public including tourists, especially for domestic tourists.
International tropical ferns conference.
Indonesia has about 3,000 fern species from an estimated 10,000 fern species in the world. On 2-hectares Cyathea Park, Bedugul Botanic Garden collects modern and ancient species such as of Ophioglossaceae, Marattiaceae, Osmundaceae, Equisetaceae and Psilotaceae, but only four plants left in the garden and it are world endangered and the park will grow these ancient fern species after got permission from Natural Resource Conservation Agency (BKSDA). Ferns rich in vitamins, potassium, fiber, omega 3 and 6 fatty acids, iron and anti-oxidants, but only a very people realize it. In 2014, an international conference on tropical ferns will be held in the park to share the research and development and also discuss the plants and their future in the botanical world..

</doc>
<doc id="36821590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821590" title="2012 Butler Bulldogs men's soccer team">
2012 Butler Bulldogs men's soccer team

The 2012 Butler Bulldogs men's soccer team will represent Butler University in the 2012 NCAA Division I men's soccer season. Their head coach will be Paul Snape, serving his 2nd year. The Bulldogs will play their home games at the Butler Bowl. This will be the first year that Butler will compete in the Atlantic 10 Conference, as they moved from the Horizon League following the 2011–12 academic year.
Roster.
"As of August 25, 2012" 
Schedule and results.
"As of November 5, 2012" 
Home team on the right, away team on the left.
A-10 Tournament.
The tournament will be hosted by the Charlotte 49ers at Transamerica Field in Charlotte, North Carolina from November 8–11. The top eight teams in the conference will qualify for the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36821664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821664" title="List of heritage places in Busselton">
List of heritage places in Busselton

List of heritage places in Busselton is a list of important places within the Shire of Busselton as defined by the Western Australian Governments State Heritage Office.

</doc>
<doc id="36821675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821675" title="B.D.D.">
B.D.D.

B.D.D. is a hit single by British group The Groundhogs. Standing for "Blind, Deaf, Dumb" and taken from their 1969 Album ""Blues Obituary"", it was a commercial failure in the UK but made number one in Lebanon. 

</doc>
<doc id="36821720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821720" title="Anjana, Faizabad">
Anjana, Faizabad

Anjana is a village in the tehsil/mandal of Pura Bazar in the Faizabad district of Uttar Pradesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="36821746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821746" title="Flax weevil">
Flax weevil

Anagotus fairburni, commonly known as the Flax weevil, is a large flightless weevil. It was discovered by E. Fairburn in 1931 on D'Urville Island. 
The weevil is known to live on New Zealand flax ("Phormium tenax"), feeding on leaves, where it produces a characteristic feeding notch. The weevil is a large, nocturnal, flightless weevil ranging in length from 20 to 25mm.
Due to predation by mammals, it is restricted to rodent-free offshore islands in modern times.

</doc>
<doc id="36821748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821748" title="Charge at Irbid">
Charge at Irbid

The Charge at Irbid occurred on 26 September 1918 as a consequence of the victory at the Battle of Megiddo during the subsequent inland pursuit by Desert Mounted Corps to capture Damascus in the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of World War I. The charge occurred when the 2nd Lancers of the 10th Cavalry Brigade, 4th Cavalry Division, attacked the Ottoman Army garrison defending the town of Irbid.
Remnants of the Ottoman Seventh and Eighth Armies were retreating in columns towards Damascus from the Judean Hills via Samakh, Jisr Benat Yakub, Kuneitra and Kaukab, followed by the Australian Mounted and the 5th Cavalry Divisions, while remnants of the Ottoman Fourth Army were retreating in columns towards Damascus along the Pilgrims' Road through Deraa.
The 4th Cavalry Division at Jisr el Mejamie and Beisan was ordered to march east to intercept this remnant of the Fourth Army. At Irbid the 2nd Lancers charged Ottoman rearguard units but were strongly counter-attacked and defeated. By the next morning the Ottoman force had withdrawn from the town.
Background.
Liman von Sanders and Fourth Army withdraws.
Otto Liman von Sanders commander of the Yildirim Army Group arrived at Deraa on the morning of 21 September, on his way to Damascus after escaping from Nazareth the morning before. At Deraa he received a report from the Fourth Army, which he ordered to withdraw to the Yarmuk to Irbid to Deraa line. He had found Deraa "fairly secure," due to the actions of its commandant Major Willmer, placing him in temporary command of the new front stretching from Deraa. During the evening of 21 September Liman von Sanders met the leaders of several thousand druses, who agreed to remain neutral.
By 26 September the Fourth Army's Amman garrison (less the rearguard captured at Amman) had not been "heavily engaged," and "was still intact as a fighting force even though it was in rapid retreat."
Sherifial Army.
Three quarters of Feisal's 4,000 strong force including Nuri esh Shalaan's camel force, were irregulars. As remnants of the Ottoman Fourth Army retreated northward via Deraa towards Damascus they were pursued by Arab forces.
4th Cavalry Division.
During the cavalry phase of the Battle of Sharon the 4th Cavalry Division had captured Afulah and Beisan, closing the last crossing points along the Jordan River between Jisr ed Damieh and Beisan, garrisoning Beisan and the Jisr el Mejamie crossing of the Jordan River north of Beisan.
On 25 September the Central India Horse, 10th Cavalry Brigade, which had been garrisoning Jisr el Mejamie since 23 September, was joined by the remainder of the 10th Cavalry Brigade. They arrived from Beisan with orders to advance as quickly as possible to Irbid and Deraa, and to contact Feisal's Sherifial Army. The brigade began their advance to Deraa on 26 September, when they left Jisr el Mejamie and crossed the Jordan River, while the remainder of the 4th Cavalry Division followed, leaving Beisan for Jisr el Mejamie. The division's rearguard; the 11th Cavalry Brigade arrived at Jisr el Mejamie at 18:30 on 26 September.
Prelude.
The 4th Cavalry Division, Egyptian Expeditionary Force (EEF) began the pursuit by Desert Mounted Corps to Damascus via Deraa away, the day before the Australian Mounted Division with the 5th Cavalry Division in reserve, began their pursuit around the northern end of the Sea of Galilee to Damascus.
Battle.
Late in the afternoon of 26 September, the 10th Cavalry Brigade was attacked by the Fourth Army's flank guard which held the country round Irbid in force. With the 2nd Lancers leading, the EEF's 10th Cavalry Brigade, 4th Cavalry Division, left Jisr el Mejamie at 08:00 on 26 September. As the regiment negotiated a "difficult defile in the gorge of the Wadi el Ghafr," west of Irbid they came under rifle fire from the plateau above. As a consequence the regimental commander ordered an immediate attack. The 2nd Lancers attempted a mounted attack; the charge failing when they suffered severe losses.
The 2nd Lancers' "C" Squadron was ordered to advance through the village of Bariha north-west of Irbid and get into position to attack Irbid from the east, "B" Squadron was to follow and attack mounted from the north while a third squadron (probably D Squadron), simultaneously attacked Irbid from the south with "A" Squadron in reserve. The machine gun squadron was to target attacking machine guns. (See Falls Sketch Map 40 for movements of "A" and "D" Squadrons)
"C" Squadron became lost, mistaking Bariha for Irbid and played no part in the attack. "B" Squadron was held up by machine gun fire and failed to get into position; instead taking up a position north of Irbid, from which they fired Hotchkiss light machine guns in support of "D" Squadron's attack. After dismounting its Hotchkiss troop to provide covering fire, the approach of the, by now 48 strong "D" squadron, without its Hotchkiss troop, was heavily fired on by machine guns from the northern edge of Irbid. The ground was too rough for a charge, the squadron swinging west to attack the north-western corner of the town, but the leading troop continued straight on, to be annihilated. Only eight NCOs and men of "D" Squadron managed to retreat.
The Berkshire Battery Royal Horse Artillery (RHA) did not get into position until 17:00; too late to help "D" Squadron, 2nd Lancers. However, hearing heavy firing the Central India Horse reached the plateau but its "C" Squadron, following the 2nd Lancers' "C" Squadron to Bariha also became useless, while "D" Squadron Central India Horse' advance towards Irbid was forced to move to the south. They reached a hill due south of Irbid with "B" Squadron Central India Horse in the same area, "A" Squadron 2nd Lancers had taken cover in a wadi on the western side of Irbid, when darkness ended the engagement. The 2nd Lancers and the Central India Horse suffered 46 killed and wounded, mainly from "D" Squadron 2nd Lancers.
Aftermath.
After holding its ground until dark, the Fourth Army remnant withdrew from Irbid during the night of 26 September, to Er Remte.
During the night the scattered squadrons of the 2nd Lancers and Central India Horse established contact and at dawn on 27 September, patrols found Irbid "clear of the enemy."
This was the first failed attack by the 4th Cavalry Division since 19 September. "Haste to force the issue before dark, allied with the confidence born of many victorious actions, had caused the usual precautions to go by the board ... there had been little or no reconnaissance of the ground; no one had any idea of the strength of the enemy force."
Feisal's 4,000 strong force including Nuri esh Shalaan's camel force made a forced march overnight on 26/27 September, crossing the railway north of Deraa and tearing up rails to arrive at Sheikh Sa'd north north-west of Deraa, at dawn on 27 September. Auda abu Tayi captured a train and 200 prisoners at Ghazale Station, while Talal took Izra' a few miles to the north. They captured a total of 2,000 prisoners between noon on 26 September and noon on 27 September, when the Anazeh an Arab tribal confederation, attacked the rearguard defending Deraa. Fighting in the town continued into the night.
Between 6,000 and 7,000 German and Ottoman soldiers remaining from the Ottoman Fourth, Seventh and Eighth Armies had managed to retreat via Tiberias or Deraa towards Damascus, before these places were captured by Desert Mounted Corps on 25 and 27 September respectively, and were at or north of Muzeirib.

</doc>
<doc id="36821768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821768" title="List of DETC online universities">
List of DETC online universities

The following is a list of "virtual" or online colleges headquartered in the United States as listed by the College Board or by the Distance Education and Training Council. Some entries may be campus-based but serve the vast majority of their students online. Institutions that have online programs, but are predominantly based on a bricks and mortar campus are not included in this list. Some entries may not be accredited by a regional accreditation association, but may be accredited by the Distance Education and Training Council or the Accrediting Council for Independent Colleges and Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="36821788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821788" title="Mycena atkinsonii">
Mycena atkinsonii

Mycena atkinsonii is a species of agaric fungus in the Mycenaceae family. The species was first described scientifically by New York State botanist Homer D. House in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="36821793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821793" title="Alliance française de Wuhan">
Alliance française de Wuhan

The Alliance Française of Wuhan (, "Wuhan French Alliance") is a non-profit, non governmental cultural and educational association. Its mission is to promote the French language and Francophone cultures in Wuhan and Hubei, as well as intercultural exchanges; all within the context of the international network of the Alliance Française.
French language center.
Alliance Française de Wuhan is based on three sites; the main center in Wuchang,the annex in Hankou and Hanyang.

</doc>
<doc id="36821803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821803" title="Kachaghakaberd">
Kachaghakaberd

Kachaghakaberd () is a mountain-top fortress in the Martakert Province of the unrecognized Nagorno-Karabakh Republic within Azerbaijan, where it lies in the Tartar Rayon.
Architecture.
The fortress, built on top of a high limestone butte, was an important fortification of the medieval Armenian Principality of Khachen that thrived in the High Middle Ages. It is located at a height of more than 1700 meters, is surrounded by vertical limestone cliffs with the heights of 50–60 meters, and has a hard-to-reach entrance from the southern side of the fortress. During its history no one could ever storm the fortress. Parts of the defensive walls remain standing. 
The territory of the fortress occupies a large area, though it seems small. Many rooms, secret passages cut into the cliffs, and special loopholes for throwing stones at enemies are inside its territory. The water supply problem was solved by a unique method: two rock-cut reservoirs to store rain and melt-water are in the center of the fortress. Fresh water was brought from a spring at the foot of the mountain.
Etymology.
"Kachaghakaberd" is translated from Armenian as "magpie's fortress", a combination of the words կաչաղաք ("kachaghak", designating the bird magpie) and բերդ ("berd", meaning fortress).

</doc>
<doc id="36821808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821808" title="Steele Von Hoff">
Steele Von Hoff

Steele Von Hoff (born 31 December 1987) is an Australian professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam . He spent 2012 in the squad's development stable, . Born in Mornington, Victoria, Von Hoff currently resides in Moorooduc, Victoria, Australia.
Career.
In 2011, after he, and teammate Nathan Haas dominated Australia's domestic National Road Series, the two riders entered the 2011 Herald Sun Tour, a race which featured a number of UCI ProTeams. Von Hoff progressed from third on stage two to second on stage three, while Haas won the race.
In January 2012, Von Hoff joined the , an American cycling squad, which competes in the UCI Continental Circuits. On 1 August 2012, while competing with the , Von Hoff was promoted to "stagiaire" in UCI ProTeam , and thus was reunited with Haas. On 24 August 2012, Von Hoff finished third on the third stage of the Danmark Rundt, a 2.HC event forming part of the UCI Europe Tour.
Von Hoff joined on a full-time basis for the 2013 and 2014 seasons. On 10 January 2014, Von Hoff won the National Criterium Championships.
Palmarès.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="36821822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821822" title="Kamil Kiereś">
Kamil Kiereś

Kamil Kiereś (born 16 July 1974 in Piotrków Trybunalski, Poland) is a Polish football manager. He is currently the head coach of GKS Bełchatów in the Ekstraklasa.

</doc>
<doc id="36821856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821856" title="Gaston I, Count of Foix">
Gaston I, Count of Foix

Gaston I of Foix or Gaston VIII of Foix-Béarn (1287 – Maubuisson, December 13, 1315) was the 9th Count of Foix, the 22nd Viscount of Béarn and Co-Prince of Andorra.
He was a son of Roger-Bernard III, Count of Foix and Margaret of Montcada, the eldest daughter and heiress of Gaston VII of Béarn. He succeeded his father in 1302 as Count Gaston I of Foix and Viscount Gaston VIII of Béarn, first under the regency of his mother. 
He was probably present at the Battle of the Golden Spurs in 1302, and fought again for the King of France against the Flemish at the Battle of Mons-en-Pévèle in 1304.
When the cities of his County of Foix rebelled against the Royal tax collectors, because they raised the taxes to finance the expensive war against Flanders, Gaston supported his cities. For this, the County was confiscated for a while by the Senechal of Carcassonne.
In 1308, he started a war against the Count of Armagnac, against the orders of the King, who had forbidden intra-French warfare. Gaston was taken prisoner and locked up in the Châtelet. He was only released after paying a ransom of 36,000 pond. He also had armed conflicts with his uncle James II of Majorca and even with his own mother, who firmly ruled Foix during his many absences. 
In 1310, he inherited the Viscounty of Marsan from his aunt Constance of Moncada.
When another uncle, Ermengol X, Count of Urgell, died without a male heir, Gaston claimed the County of Urgell, but was no match against King Alfonso IV of Aragon, who incorporated Urgell into the Crown of Aragon. 
On his return from yet an other war against Flanders, Gaston fell ill and died in the Maubuisson Abbey, near Pontoise.
His body was transferred to the Boulbonne Abbey, where it was buried alongside his ancestors.
Marriage and children.
Gaston married in 1301 Joan of Artois (1289-1350), daughter of Philip of Artois and Blanche of Brittany.<br>
They had 6 children:

</doc>
<doc id="36821860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821860" title="Baltic Chain Tour">
Baltic Chain Tour

Baltic Chain Tour is a stage race for professional road bicycle racers organized as a part of the UCI Continental Circuits. Baltic Chain Tour was established to commemorate Baltic Way. Tour is conducted mainly in the Baltic states of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, however in 2013 it started in Lahti, Finland. Baltic Chain Tour is a UCI category 2.2 cycling tour.
The joint Baltic cycling tour has a long history. The tradition began in the 1950s and was broken in 1991. On November 4, 2010 in Riga, the presidents of three national cycling unions signed a cooperation agreement to restore the tradition of the Baltic cycling tour.
Origins.
Although first international cycling race in the Baltic's was held in 1889 from Riga (Latvia) to Tallinn (Estonia), first Baltic Tour was held in 1955. First four years the tour conducted in Latvia and Lithuania. Since 1959 the tour has been held in three Baltic countries. For many, it was a preparation for Peace Tour, which usually was held after Baltic Tour. At the times, the tour took place in May. Modern tour is raced in August to commemorate famous Baltic chain event. Most times winner til today is Estonian, Ants Väravas, who have succeeded three times – 1959, 1962 & 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="36821876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821876" title="List of Little League World Series appearances by country">
List of Little League World Series appearances by country

This is the list of countries with participation in the Little League World Series.
International Finals.
Since 1976, an international final has been played. The winner plays versus the US Champion for the LLWS title.

</doc>
<doc id="36821885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821885" title="Frederick W. Marks">
Frederick W. Marks

Frederick W. Marks III (born 1940) is an American historian and Catholic apologist. As a scholar, he has written and taught extensively on American diplomatic history. As a proponent of Roman Catholicism, he has written dozens of articles and tracts and spoken extensively in public.
Education.
Marks attended Loyola High School in New York City, attained his B.A. from Holy Cross College in 1962 and his Ph.D. from the University of Michigan in 1968. He taught at the University of Michigan from 1967 to 1968, at Purdue University from 1968 to 1973 and at St. John’s University from 1974 to 1979.
He is the author of four books and dozens of articles on history. His work is characterized by multi-archival research overseas. In addition to utilizing repositories all over the United States, his work has taken him to Germany, France, England, Scotland, Canada, Guatemala, and the Republic of China. Each of his books on American diplomatic history contains extensive endnotes and bibliographies. 
In the field of Roman Catholicism, Marks has written four books and dozens of full-length articles, seventeen of which have appeared in leading journals for the Catholic clergy. In addition, he has written a handbook for engaged and newly married Roman Catholic couples. It was translated into Spanish and Indonesian in 2008. He continues to be active as the author of tracts and Christan apologetics. His recent work is devoted to the Christian view of suffering and what people perceive as failure.
Publications.
Books on diplomatic history.
Robert W. Love, Jr., diplomatic historian at the US Naval Academy, introduced Marks in 1995 by writing: "Frederick W. Marks' wide-ranging interests have resulted in important reinterpretations of the Constitutional Convention, Theodore Roosevelt's foreign policy, and John Foster Dulles and the Cold War. His "Wind Over Sand" revised completely our understanding of Franklin Roosevelt's statesmanship."
Personal life.
Marks has been married for over forty-five years to Sylvia Marks, who holds a Ph.D. degree from Princeton University and teaches English at New York University's Polytechnic Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="36821900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821900" title="U-invariant">
U-invariant

In mathematics, the universal invariant or u-invariant of a field describes the structure of quadratic forms over the field. 
The universal invariant "u"("F") of a field "F" is the largest dimension of an anisotropic quadratic space over "F", or ∞ if this does not exist. Since formally real fields have anisotropic quadratic forms (sums of squares) in every dimension, the invariant is only of interest for other fields. An equivalent formulation is that "u" is the smallest number such that every form of dimension greater than "u" is isotropic, or that every form of dimension at least "u" is universal.
Properties.
In the case of quadratic extensions, the "u"-invariant is bounded by
and all values in this range are achieved.
The general "u"-invariant.
Since the "u"-invariant is of little interest in the case of formally real fields, we define a general u-invariant to be the maximum dimension of an anisotropic form in the torsion subgroup of the Witt ring of F, or ∞ if this does exist. For non-formally real fields, the Witt ring is torsion, so this agrees with the previous definition. For a formally real field, the general "u"-invariant is either even or ∞.

</doc>
<doc id="36821921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821921" title="Triggers (novel)">
Triggers (novel)

Triggers is a science fiction novel by Canadian writer Robert J. Sawyer.
It was originally serialized in Analog. Sawyer has been commissioned to adapt "Triggers" for the screen.
Plot summary.
In the near future, a war veteran named Kadeem Adams, is about to undergo a highly experimental memory editing treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder at Luther Terry hospital in Washington DC. Seth Jerrison, the President of the United States, is rushed to the same hospital after being shot. The treatment goes awry due to the electromagnetic pulse from an atomic bomb planted by terrorists, which has just blown up the White House. It becomes clear that terrorists have infiltrated the Secret Service.
When president Jerrison recovers consciousness, he can remember Kadeem Adams' life as well as his own. Kadeem Adams finds himself able to remember the life of someone else who was nearby in the hospital. This raises the possibility that someone in the vicinity has access to president Jerrison's memories, some of which are extremely secret; these include plans for a major, and morally more than questionable, antiterrorist action.
In large part, the book has a thriller type plot. Learning how the memories of many of the characters were intertwined is a key to such things as finding who has the president's memories and who the terrorists are. However, much of the book is about the characters and interactions of the people whose minds have been subjected to what is suggested to be quantum entanglement. Not all of them are good people. After one of them dies, the quantum entanglement gets stronger rather than weaker.
Critical reaction.
Critical reaction varied, especially regarding the book's ending. Writing in the Globe and Mail, Michael Matheson simultaneously criticized the ending as utopian and described it as "chilling". Leo Graziani considered it optimistic. Alex Good called it "cybertopian" In the Toronto Star.

</doc>
<doc id="36821932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821932" title="Hong Kong national football team results (1970–89)">
Hong Kong national football team results (1970–89)

This is a list of Hong Kong national football team results from 1970 to 1989.
1970s.
1978.
No any official matches were played in 1978.
1980s.
1981.
No any official matches were played in 1981.
1987.
No any official matches were played in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36821968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821968" title="Wu Qing (footballer)">
Wu Qing (footballer)

Wu Qing (Chinese: 吴庆 born 4 July 1981) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays as a Midfielder for Chongqing Lifan in the China League One.
Honours.
Dalian Aerbin F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="36821976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821976" title="Wu Qing">
Wu Qing

Wu Qing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36821991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36821991" title="Kim Kyo-bin">
Kim Kyo-bin

Kim Kyo-Bin (; born 29 December 1987) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper. 
He previously played for both Jeonnam Dragons and Daegu FC both in the K-League. In 2013 he joined Incheon United in the K League Classic.

</doc>
<doc id="36822012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822012" title="Doordarshan Kendra Mumbai">
Doordarshan Kendra Mumbai

Doordarshan Kendra, Mumbai also referred as Mumbai Doordarshan is an Indian television station in Mumbai, owned and operated by state-owned Doordarshan, the television network of Prasar Bharati (Broadcasting Corporation of India). It was established in 1972, and now produces and broadcasts the 24-hour Marathi language TV channel, DD Sahyadri, which was launched in 1994 and covers most of the state of Maharashtra, India.
Early History.
Doordarshan Kendra Mumbai was inaugurated on 2 October 1972. The center is located at Worli and has elaborate programme production facilities and large studios.
The transmission was initially limited to few hours in a day. Besides the regional language Marathi, programmes in Hindi, Urdu, English, Sindhi and even Punjabi were also telecast. 
With the introduction of Regional Language Satellite Services, all regional centers of Doordarshan started generating programmes in their respective regional languages. And thus, RLSS Marathi (DD10) came into existence on 15 August 1994 along with many other channels of Doordarshan. The channel was later on rechristened as DD Sahyadri.
DD Sahyadri.
Presently, Doordarshan Kendra, Mumbai telecasts its programmes under the brand name DD sahyadri. The Channel was launched in 1994 as DD10. New studio was inaugurated on 2 June 1999 and telecast time was increased to 17 hours per day. DD 10 was renamed as DD Sahyadri on 5 April. 2000 making it a 24-hour service. 
Considered as the best regional TV channel of Doordarshan, DD Sahyadri Channel is Number One among all Marathi GEC available in Maharashtra as per TAM.
Programmes.
Doordarshan Kendra Mumbai produces a wide spectrum of programmes including acclaimed serials, film-based programmes, documentaries, musical programmes, reality shows, cookery show, news and current affairs programmes, informative programmes, public debates and utility programmes related to health, agriculture and civic issues, et cetera. Old and new Marathi films shown on this channel are a favorite among the viewers.
Events.
DD Sahyadri offers about six to eight events in a year mainly in compliancewith its responsibilities as a Public Dervice Broadcaster.
Navaratan Awards.is an event in which achievers in different fields like literature, fine arts, social service, etc., are honored. 
Hirkhani Awards is organized to felicitate specifically the women achievers of Maharashtra. 
Awards to artists and technicians of Marathi Cinema are given in Sahyadi Cine Awards.
Sahyadri Manik Awards Sohla is organized to felicitate artists and technicians for meritorious contribution to sahyadri Channel. Services of the employees of Mumbai Doordarshan are also recognized on this occasion through Sewa Awards, 
Krishi Awards ia the event in which farmers, scholars and experts are honored for their contribution in the field of Agriculture.
All India Robotic Contest Robocon is being organised by this Kendra since 2005. In 2008, Kendra hosted International ABU Robocon at Pune.
Celebrations of festivals like Govinda and Ganpati Visarjan and major sports and cultural events are brought live to the viewers by the channel every year.
Serials.
Commissioned and in house serials telecast by Mumbai Doordarshan are the main attraction for the viewers.
TV Shows.
Serialised TV shows like Music Masti Gappa Gane (M2 G2), Contests based reality shows like Sahyadri Antakshari, Dhina Dhin Dha and Dam Dama Dam, etc. have not only entertained viewers over the years, they have also created awareness about richness of the culture and traditions of Maharashtra.
Contribution to National and Other Channels.
Doordarshan Mumbai has been producing a number of programmes for national, sports and news channels of Doordarshan.
Contribution to National Channels.
All feature films telecast on national channel and Hindi belt network of Doordarshan are capsuled and uplinked by Mumbai Kendra. All in house films based programmes of national channel like Bioscope, Rangoli and Chulbuli Filmen Chatpati Gupshup are also produced and linked up by Mumbai Center. Cine Satrangi and Top Ten, now discontinued film based programmes, were also contributed by Mumbai Doordarshan. "Phool Khile Hain Gulshan Gulshan", the programme based on interviews of film celebrities anchored by Tabassum was a craze among viewers. Later on viewers enjoyed talking to their favourite film stars in the live phone in programme Hello DD. 
Most of the New Year Eve Special Programmes telecast from national channel are produced by Mumbai center.
Since 2005, Mumbai Kendra is organising and producing programmes related to Robocon India, an annual Robotic Contest.
Contribution to News Channel.
Besides regular contributions of important happenings of the state, Daily Business News, telecast daily from 13:30 to 14:00 hours, Metro Scan telecast daily from 18:30 to 19:00 hours and News Preview telecast on every Thursday at 08:00 hours are contributed to DD News Channel by Mumbai Doordarshan.
Contribution to Sports Channel.
The Kendra covers important sports events held in Maharashtra state including Robocon India for DD Sports Channel. Many of them are telecast live.
Staff.
Doordarshan Mumbai has a staff strength of more than 500 belonging to programme, engineering,administration, news and canteen categories.
Awards and Nominations.
Programmes produced by Jalandhar Kendra have won a number of awards in various categories over the years. The Kendra was adjudged the best among all Doordarshan Kendras in 2001 and also in 2009-10.

</doc>
<doc id="36822029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822029" title="Broadzilla (album)">
Broadzilla (album)

Broadzilla is the first release by the heavy rock band Broadzilla. It was a four-song EP, released only on cassette in 1996. The album is now out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="36822031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822031" title="Wang Jun (footballer born 1990)">
Wang Jun (footballer born 1990)

Wang Jun (born 12 April 1990) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the China League One.
Club career.
In February 2014, Wang transferred to China League One side Qingdao Jonoon.

</doc>
<doc id="36822053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822053" title="Boris Carène">
Boris Carène

Boris Carène (born December 7, 1985 in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe) is a French professional road bicycle racer. In 2011, he was the winner of the 61st edition of the Tour de Guadeloupe. He won the 2012 Caribbean Cycling Championships in Antigua.

</doc>
<doc id="36822062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822062" title="Zhao Hejing">
Zhao Hejing

Zhao Hejing (; pinyin: Zhào Héjìng; born 19 May 1985) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.
Club career.
Zhao Hejing started his professional career with top tier club Chongqing Lifan and would make his league debut for the team on 3 July 2005 against Sichuan Guancheng where he conceded a penalty that led his club losing 2-1. Despite the defeat, Zhao would gradually establish himself as a regular, however by the end of the 2006 season, he was part of the team that was relegated. He remained faithful towards the team and would be a vital player as the club won promotion back into the top tier at the end of the 2008 season. His return to the top tier often saw the club struggle within the league and Chongqing were once again relegated at the end of the 2010 season.
Before the start of the 2011 season, Zhao would transfer to second tier club Dalian Aerbin for 2 million yuan. At his new club, he would immediately establish himself as a vital member of the team and by the end of the season go on to win the division title and promotion to the top flight.
On 3 January 2014, Zhao transferred to fellow Chinese Super League side Beijing Guoan on a free transfer. He made his debut for the club in a 1-0 win against his former club Dalian Aerbin on 15 March 2014, coming on as a substitute.
Honours.
Club.
Dalian Aerbin

</doc>
<doc id="36822098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822098" title="Lucihormetica luckae">
Lucihormetica luckae

Lucihormetica luckae is a species of giant cockroach (Blaberidae). The species may be threatened, or even extinct, as only one specimen has ever been collected, some 70 years ago. In addition Tungurahua, the South American volcano that served as the species' habitat, entered a new eruptive phase in 1999. 
"L. luckae"s back carapace features two large and one small spots inhabited by bacteria that glow when exposed to fluorescent light. The evolutionary purpose of this bioluminescence is likely to mimic the appearance of the toxic click beetle ("Pyrophorus") that emits light at the same wavelength. This makes it likely that "L. luckae" is the first known species to use bioluminescence for defensive mimicry.
The back shell of "L. luckae" has been noted for its resemblance to Jawas, fictional creatures from the "Star Wars" science fiction media franchise.
The species was listed among the "Top 10 New Species 2013" discovered in 2012 as selected by the International Institute for Species Exploration at Arizona State University out of more than 140 nominated species. The selection was publicised on 22 May 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36822131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822131" title="Angkarn Kalayanapong">
Angkarn Kalayanapong

Angkarn Kalayanapong (; ; 13 February 1926 – 25 August 2012) was a Thai poet and artist. He was named a National Artist of Thailand in 1989, and won the S.E.A. Write Award in 1986.
Angkarn was born in Nakhon Si Thammarat Province in Southern Thailand. His father was a sub-district headman "(kamnan)". As a high school student, he started writing poems. He was admitted to study painting at the art-specialised Silpakorn University where he was taught, amongst others, by Silpa Bhirasri. In the 1950s, he became a professional writer. He deviated from the traditional schemes and rules of Thai poetry, which initially drew him criticism. Angkarn won the S.E.A. Write Award in 1986 and was named National Artist of Thailand in the field of literatur in 1989. Next to his poetic works, Angkarn was noted for his drawings and paintings.
Angkarn was married and had one son and two daughters. In 2006, he supported the People's Alliance for Democracy ("Yellow Shirts") in their protests against Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra. After suffering from a long-term heart disease and diabetes, Angkarn died at the age of 86 in Samitivej Hospital, Bangkok.

</doc>
<doc id="36822154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822154" title="Sushilfinance">
Sushilfinance

Sushil Finance Group is among the oldest Indian broking houses being associated with the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) as well as the National Stock Exchange (NSE). Established in 1982, Sushil Finance Group is in the financial sector for approximately three decades now, and has it’s headquarter located in Mumbai, the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Led by Sushil N. Shah, the diversified financial services group has grown as one of the leading broking houses in India. It has long been recognized in the industry for its franchise model through which it helps budding investors to set up partnership businesses. The Group is empanelled with more than 50 financial institutions and banks, and has more than 600 franchisees across the country. 
Sushil Finance’s expertise lies in comprehensive market research and has more than 50 research products under its brand. This enables the Group to offer advice across segments like IPOs, mutual funds, equities, commodities, currencies and fixed income. Analysts at Sushil Finance emphasize on showing the real picture of the stock market. Senior research analysts associated with Sushil Finance are often featured in leading dailies and news portals. 
In 2012, the Group had launched an independent insurance arm called Sushil Insurance Brokers Private Limited (SIBPL) to cater to the insurance needs of prospective investors. Besides, the Group has released a slew of investment related products, which cater to investors with low risk appetite.

</doc>
<doc id="36822161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822161" title="Pablo Cuneta">
Pablo Cuneta

Pablo Cuneta was a former Mayor of the Manila suburb Pasay City.
Early life.
Cuneta was born Pablo C. Cuneta on February 2, 1910 in Pasay City.
Personal life.
He was married to Generosa Francisco Cuneta, they had 10 children named, Edgardo, Reynaldo, Leonida, Rosauro, Leticia, Jaime, Carmencita, Pablo Jr., Generoso and Aida.
Career.
In the younger years, Cuneta was an athlete who was in basketball and softball. He started playing golf in 1956, the only sport he played sinced. He staretd out in political career as Pasay's top executive during Ferdinand Marcos administration. In 1997 when Cuneta started to become bed-ridden, he bowed out from his political and entrusted the local leadership to then vice mayor Wenceslao Trinidad.
Political Life.
Cuneta started his political career when he served as deputy governor of Rizal from 1947 to 1949. In 1951, he was appointed Pasay City mayor. 5 years later, he ran for mayor and won. He ran again and won, in the 1959 and 1963 elections. In 1967, he was defeated by Jovito Claudio. He bounced back in the 1971 National Elections and was re-elected again in 1980. He stepped down when the Aquino government was swept into power in 1986. 2 years later, he again won in the local elections. He would top the local elections again in 1992 and 1995. At the end of his term in 1998, he had been Pasay City mayor for 41 years, the longest-serving mayor in the Philippine history. He is the only mayor to have served under 7 different Presidents: Elpidio Quirino, Ramon Magsaysay, Carlos P. Garcia, Diosdado Macapagal, Ferdinand Marcos, Corazon Aquino and Fidel Ramos.
Health and Death.
His family claims he was in good health until December 1996 when rheumatism and arthritis ravaged his body. In mid-1997, he suffered a mild seizure and was confined at the Makati Medical Center and passed away due to cardiac arrest on September 27, 2000 at the age of 90. He was the longest serving Mayor in Philippines history. His remains lie at the Manila Memorial Park in Paranaque City.
Legacy.
Cuneta's administration is credited for the construction of the Maricaban Settlement, the Pasay City General Hospital and the Cuneta Astrodome, among other projects.

</doc>
<doc id="36822168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822168" title="Gontran Hamel">
Gontran Hamel

Gontran Georges Henri Hamel (1883–1944) was a French phycologist.
In 1927 he earned his doctorate in natural sciences with a thesis on the red algae genera "Acrochaetium" and "Rhodochorton". He is known for research performed in the "Laboratoire de Cryptogamie" at the Museum d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris. He reportedly died while trying to reach Paris by bicycle prior to its liberation in August 1944.
In 1924 with Pierre Allorge (1891–1944), he was co-founder of the journal "Revue algologique". He was also a contributor to the exsiccatae series "Algues de France".
In 1942 Frederik Børgesen named the brown algae genus "Hamelella" (family Chordariaceae) in his honor.
Also, the red algae species "Lithothamnion hamelii" is one of several species that bear his name.

</doc>
<doc id="36822172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822172" title="Musubi no Yama Hiroku">
Musubi no Yama Hiroku

Musubi no Yama Hiroku (産霊山秘録 "The Secret History of Mt. Musubi") is an epic historical fantasy novel by Ryō Hanmura. It is a multi-generational saga reinterpreting 400 years of Japan's history through the perspective of a secretive family with mystical capabilities. 
The novel is widely considered one of the masterpieces of Japanese fantasy literature. It won the first Izumi Kyōka Prize for Literature in 1973. In a 2006 issue of "SF Magazine", one of Japan's most prominent science fiction publications, it was voted as one of the "Top Ten Japanese Science Fiction Novels of All Time". 
Overview.
The plot revolves around the Hi Family, a lineage which stretches back into antiquity. Each member of the family possesses supernatural psychic powers fueled by the three magical treasures Mikagami, Yoritama and Ibuki. All throughout history, the Hi Family have been subtly manipulating Japan's greatest historical events from behind the scenes, leading the country to its modern formation. 
The narrative opens during Oda Nobunaga's siege on Mt. Hiei and proceeds through the Battle of Sekigahara to the end of the Tokugawa Shogunate all the way to the end of the Pacific War.

</doc>
<doc id="36822182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822182" title="Ralph Banks (disambiguation)">
Ralph Banks (disambiguation)

Ralph Banks was a footballer.
Ralph Banks or Bankes may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36822186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822186" title="Marinos de Anzoátegui">
Marinos de Anzoátegui

Marinos de Anzoátegui is a professional basketball club based in the port city of Puerto la Cruz, located in the Venezuelan Anzoátegui State. The team currently plays in Venezuela's Liga Profesional de Baloncesto. The team has won the Venezuelan championships 9 times.
Trophies.
Venezuelan Championships (10x) 
1991, 1993, 1998, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2014

</doc>
<doc id="36822190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822190" title="Butler Bulldogs men's soccer">
Butler Bulldogs men's soccer

The Butler Bulldogs men's soccer team is an intercollegiate varsity sports team of Butler University, an NCAA Division I member school located in Indianapolis, IN. The team played its final season in the Horizon League in 2011; on July 1, 2012, the Bulldogs joined the Atlantic 10 Conference for one season. The team currently plays in the Big East Conference.
History.
Butler University first fielded a varsity men's soccer team in 1989, when they earned a 12–7 record under head coach Langdon Kumler, including a 7–0 record against teams from the state of Indiana. The Bulldogs began conference play the following season when their record improved to 14–6 with a 5–3 mark in the Midwestern Collegiate Conference (now called the Horizon League). Coach Kumler left the program following the 1992 season and the Bulldogs were next coached by Ian Martin, who led the team to its first NCAA tournament in 1995, when the Bulldogs made it to the round of 16 after beating in-state rival and perennial national finalist, the Indiana Hoosiers. Martin also coached the team to its second appearance in the round of 16 in 1998 before leaving the program following the 1999 season. Todd Bramble served as the head coach for one season and is now the head coach for the women's soccer team at the University of Alabama. The Bulldogs next appeared in the NCAA tournament in 2001 under head coach Joe Sochacki, who left after the 2005 season. Kelly Findley served as the Bulldogs' head coach from 2006 until 2010 and was arguably the team's best coach, leading them to consecutive appearances in the NCAA tournament in 2009 and 2010, including an unbeaten regular season record. Findley left following the 2010 season to take the helm at North Carolina State.
Butler left the Horizon League following the 2011 season when the athletic department moved to the Atlantic 10 Conference. During their time in the Horizon, the Bulldogs earned five conference tournament championships, in 1995, 1997, 1998, 2001, and 2010; and five conference season championships, in 1996, 1998, 2004, 2009, and 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36822237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822237" title="Michael Collins (New Zealand rugby player)">
Michael Collins (New Zealand rugby player)

Michael Collins is a semi-professional rugby union player who plays in the midfield for the Otago team in the ITM Cup Championship. He is a former captain of the Otago Boys' High School 1st XV and a former New Zealand Schools representative. He has turned down offers from the NRL franchise the Melbourne Storm and ITM Cup Premiership side Waikato to play for Otago.

</doc>
<doc id="36822248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822248" title="D-Unit (band)">
D-Unit (band)

D-Unit (Korean: ) is a South Korean girl group under the label D-Business Entertainment. The groups concept includes the addition of a new member with every promotion cycle. The group debuted as a trio consisting of Ram, UJin and Zin with a full-length album, featuring the title track "I’m Missin’ You" on August 1, 2012.
This was followed by their debut stage on August 2, 2012 on M!Countdown. In March 2013, D-UNIT added their first guest member, JNey, a member of GP Basic. 
History.
2012: Debut & "Luv Me".
On July 2, 2012, D-Unit released their first teaser of "I'm Missin' You" which featured member UJin.
On July 4, 2012, D-Business Entertainment officially stated that the group would be holding a fan signing in Japan before the group would make their Korean debut.
On July 10, 2012, the group released their second teaser which featured member Ram.
On July 16, 2012, D-Business Entertainment stated that the group would show their debut progress to fans through a reality TV show called "Welcome to D-Unit" and would air on July 18, 2012.
On July 29, 2012, the group released an official teaser which would feature all three members.
The following day on July 30, 2012, the group released an extended 1 minute teaser.
On August 1, 2012, D-Unit released their first album "Welcome To Business" and their first music video for their debut single "I'm Missin' You".
On August 2, 2012, D-Unit made their stage debut on M!Countdown performing their debut single "I'm Missin' You".
On August 2, 2012, released a dance version and dance tutorial for their single "I'm Missin' You"
2013: "Sleeping In (Part 2)" and Affirmative Chapter 1 Comeback.
In late 2012, it was originally revealed that the group will add a member or two to the group at the end of December. Before debut, D-Business confirmed that the group will increase and decrease the number of members at different times. The decision to keep the three member unit for Luv Me was due to the fact that the group saw "Luv Me" as a continuation of their debut, therefore felt it was necessary to keep the current line-up. However, no members were added in December.
The group released a digital single ""Sleeping In (Part 2)"", a remix of the song "Sleeping In" from their debut album. It was confirmed before the release that the group would have a comeback in February. The first teaser image was released on January 29, 2013, teasing the appearance of a fourth member. The addition was revealed to be JNEY of GP Basic. Some fans of GP Basic were worried that this meant that GP Basic had disbanded, but Janey assured fans she would only be an member for D-Unit's "Affirmative Chap. 1" album. On February 10th, a teaser was released which announced Zico of Block B composed and produced the title track. On February 11th, D-UNIT released "Stay Alive" featuring Vasco. On March 4th, D-UNIT released their second studio album, "Affirmative Chap. 1." In May, it was announced RAM would be filming a reality show with sister Boram of T-ARA and her father. After "Talk to My Face" promotions, the group released a pre-release single "Thank You" featuring Beenzino. JNEY returned to GP Basic in July 2013. To commemorate the group's first year anniversary in August, a remix of "Before the Weekend Comes" from the first studio album was released. Also in September, RAM and Z.I.N performed in Vancouver, British Columbia for the "2K13 Feel Korea Festival". In September, Z.I.N released digital single "I Don't Want You To Enlist."
2013: UJin's departure of the group.
In August of 2013, it was confirmed UJin had left the group. 89LAND (a Ujin fansite that translates Korean news information on the group) revealed that had UJin left D-Business in May, and alleged that D-Business had described UJin as being a "selfish and uncaring person who refused to participate in D-UNIT's activities". UJin was reported to be promoting solo activities unrelated to D-UNIT in the future.
2013: Affirmative Chapter 2 Comeback.
On December 6, 2013, the remaining members releasd a new single titled "It's You". The music video featured former Seeya and 5dolls member, Soomi.

</doc>
<doc id="36822275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822275" title="Głowacki">
Głowacki

Głowacki is a Polish surname, it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36822296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822296" title="Neu-Salems-Gesellschaft">
Neu-Salems-Gesellschaft

The Neu-Salems-Gesellschaft (German for: New Salems Society) is a neo-revelationist group named after the publishing house "Neu-Salems-Verlag", located in Bietigheim-Bissingen, Germany. Without much organization or membership it was a name for the followers of Jakob Lorber and readers of the books from this publisher. The society existed from 1921 until 1937 when it was prohibited by the National Socialists. After World War II the society congregated again as "Lorber-Gesellschaft" (German for: Lorber Society).
The "Neu-Salems-Gesellschaft" saw itself as nondenominational and international part of the "world community of the religions of love", spiritually related to the Quakers, The Salvation Army (mainly because of the active love), New Thought movement, the Bahá'í Faith, the Bhakti movement of Hinduism, as well as Daoyuan and Oomoto. Main elements of the society were inner freedom and independence connected with deep religiosity, as well as the belief in the divine authorship of the new revelation of Jakob Lorber. The society saw itself as Christian, whose foundation is the Bible, which is understood, interpreted and completed through new revelations.

</doc>
<doc id="36822304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822304" title="Sabine Kahle">
Sabine Kahle

Sabine Kahle (born 25 June 1959 in Meiningen) is a retired German swimmer who won two silver medals in medley events at the 1977 European Aquatics Championships. She also participated in the 1976 Summer Olympics and finished fifth in the 400 m medley and eighth in the 400 m freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36822321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822321" title="Lolagi Visinia">
Lolagi Visinia

Lolagi Visinia is a professional rugby player for Auckland and Blues as a Wing. He is a former member of the Kelston Boys' High School 1st XV, New Zealand Schools team and is a current member of the Auckland and New Zealand Sevens teams.
Playing career.
Having represented many Auckland, Blues and New Zealand age-grade rugby sides in both 15-aside and sevens (including playing for the New Zealand Schools team) while with Kelston Boys' High School, Visinia was selected to play for the senior Auckland team as soon as he left high school. Before he played any ITM Cup rugby for the union, he was selected for the Gordon Tietjens coached New Zealand sevens team for the Hong Kong and Japan legs of the IRB Sevens World Series circuit. That brought vital experience into his debut ITM Cup Premiership season with Auckland, where he made 6 appearances, mainly off the bench. In the 31-18 loss to Canterbury in the ITM Cup Premiership Final, Visinia scored his first try for the team in the last play of the game.

</doc>
<doc id="36822327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822327" title="Jemima West">
Jemima West

Jemima West (born 11 August 1987) is an Anglo-French actress. She is bilingual, growing up most of her life in Paris, France. She is best known for her role as Rose in the Canal+ series "Maison Close". She has also appeared in the second season of "The Borgias" as Vittoria. 
Early life.
West was born to English parents. Her father is an accountant and her mother is a business interpreter. When she was five years old, her parents relocated to Paris, France. She attended the Sorbonne and graduated in History of Art while taking acting classes in the evening. She can speak both French and English. Although she has described herself as completely English and has said that she has an easier time working in her mother tongue, she has stated Paris is her home.
Career.
West made her acting debut at the age of 12 and she starred in the 1999 film "Joan Of Arc", directed by Luc Besson. She later on starred in the short film "I’m an Actrice" directed by Maiwenn, and also starred in the third season of the Canadian television series, "15 Love". 
West later went on to star in the French television shows "Ben & Thomas", "Trouble Paradis" and "R.I.S. Police Scientifique", "Josephine Ange Gardien" which was followed by her second film role in "King Guillaume", co-starring alongside Florence Foresti. 
In 2009, West starred in "Paradis Criminel", a two-part thiller mini-series entitled "Who Killed Little Red Riding Hood" as Louisa. The mini-series was written and directed by Serge Meynard and went on to win "Best mini-series" at the 2009 La Rochelle TV Film Festival, and garnered 3 million viewers on France 2 on August 22, 2012. The mini-series thus ranks as 8th best-rated fiction of the year on the channel.
In 2010, West scored a role in the French mini-series "Maison Close", in which she presently stars in as Rose, a young country girl forced to work for her freedom in a brothel. She stars alongside Anne Charrier and Valérie Karsenti.
West played Isabelle Lightwood in "", a film adaptation of the first book in the "New York Times" bestselling series "The Mortal Instruments", written by Cassandra Clare. West co-starred alongside Lily Collins, Jamie Campbell Bower, and Robert Sheehan. The film was released on August 21.

</doc>
<doc id="36822335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822335" title="Cymindis abbreviata">
Cymindis abbreviata

Cymindis abbreviata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Casey in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="36822337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822337" title="Cymindis abeillei">
Cymindis abeillei

Cymindis abeillei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jeannel in 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="36822341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822341" title="Cymindis accentifera">
Cymindis accentifera

Cymindis accentifera is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Zoubkoff in 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="36822342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822342" title="Cymindis adusta">
Cymindis adusta

Cymindis adusta is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by L. Redtenbacher in 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="36822344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822344" title="Cymindis afgana">
Cymindis afgana

Cymindis afgana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="36822345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822345" title="Cymindis akserai">
Cymindis akserai

Cymindis akserai is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="36822348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822348" title="Cymindis alluaudi">
Cymindis alluaudi

Cymindis alluaudi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Antonie in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="36822349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822349" title="Cymindis altaica">
Cymindis altaica

Cymindis altaica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Gebler in 1833.

</doc>
<doc id="36822351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822351" title="Cymindis alternans">
Cymindis alternans

Cymindis alternans is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Rambur in 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="36822352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822352" title="Cymindis alutacea">
Cymindis alutacea

Cymindis alutacea is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Wollaston in 1867.

</doc>
<doc id="36822359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822359" title="Cymindis americana">
Cymindis americana

Cymindis americana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Dejean in 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="36822361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822361" title="Cymindis amicta">
Cymindis amicta

Cymindis amicta is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Wollaston in 1864.

</doc>
<doc id="36822364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822364" title="Cymindis ampliata">
Cymindis ampliata

Cymindis ampliata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Casey in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="36822365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822365" title="Cymindis anchomenoides">
Cymindis anchomenoides

Cymindis anchomenoides is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Wollaston in 1867.

</doc>
<doc id="36822366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822366" title="Cymindis andreae">
Cymindis andreae

Cymindis andreae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Menetries in 1832.

</doc>
<doc id="36822367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822367" title="Cymindis angularis">
Cymindis angularis

Cymindis angularis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Gyllenhal in 1810.

</doc>
<doc id="36822368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822368" title="Cymindis angustior">
Cymindis angustior

Cymindis angustior is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kraatz in 1884.

</doc>
<doc id="36822370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822370" title="Cymindis antonowi">
Cymindis antonowi

Cymindis antonowi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Semenov in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="36822373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822373" title="Cymindis aradensis">
Cymindis aradensis

Cymindis aradensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kirschenhofer in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="36822375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822375" title="South Eastern Mounted Brigade">
South Eastern Mounted Brigade

The South Eastern Mounted Brigade was a formation of the Territorial Force of the British Army, organised in 1908. After service in the Gallipoli Campaign, it was absorbed into the 3rd Dismounted Brigade in Egypt in February 1916.
Formation.
Under the terms of the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act 1907 (7 Edw.7, c.9), the brigade was formed in 1908 as part of the Territorial Force. It consisted of three yeomanry regiments, a horse artillery battery and ammunition column (provided by the Honourable Artillery Company), a transport and supply column and a field ambulance. The Surrey Yeomanry was attached for training in peacetime.
As the name suggests, the units were drawn from South East England, predominantly Kent, Sussex and Surrey.
World War I.
The brigade was mobilised on 4 August 1914 at the outbreak of the First World War and concentrated in the Canterbury area of Kent. The Surrey Yeomanry (attached for training, pre-war) was detached in November 1914 and split up as divisional cavalry squadrons. The rest of the brigade remained in the Canterbury area (under Second Army of Central Force) until September 1915.
Gallipoli.
In September 1915 the brigade was dismounted and left Kent for Liverpool. On 24 September it boarded RMS Olympic and sailed the next day. It arrived at Lemnos on 1 October. The Brigade landed in Gallipoli on 8 October and was attached to the 42nd (East Lancashire) Division. On 30 December it was evacuated to Mudros with 42nd Division; it left the Division at Mudros on 2 January 1916. In this period, the brigade consisted of the three yeomanry regiments, a signal troop and the field ambulance under the command of Br.-Gen. H. Clifton-Brown.
Egypt.
In February 1916, the brigade landed in Egypt and on 22 February was absorbed into the 3rd Dismounted Brigade (along with the Eastern Mounted Brigade). 3rd Dismounted Brigade was later renamed as 230th Brigade in the 74th (Yeomanry) Division.
Commanders.
At the outbreak of the war, the South Eastern Mounted Brigade was commanded by Colonel H. Clifton-Brown. Like all of the mounted brigade commanders, he was promoted to Brigadier General on 5 August 1914. He was still in command when the brigade was absorbed into 3rd Dismounted Brigade.

</doc>
<doc id="36822377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822377" title="Cymindis arcana">
Cymindis arcana

Cymindis arcana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Emetz in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="36822378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822378" title="Cymindis arctica">
Cymindis arctica

Cymindis arctica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kryzhanovskij & Emetz in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36822379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822379" title="Cymindis arizonensis">
Cymindis arizonensis

Cymindis arizonensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Schaeffer in 1910.

</doc>
<doc id="36822381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822381" title="Cymindis arnoldii">
Cymindis arnoldii

Cymindis arnoldii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36822384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822384" title="Cymindis arnostiana">
Cymindis arnostiana

Cymindis arnostiana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kaba.

</doc>
<doc id="36822389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822389" title="Cymindis asiabadensis">
Cymindis asiabadensis

Cymindis asiabadensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="36822392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822392" title="Cymindis atripennis">
Cymindis atripennis

Cymindis atripennis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Casey in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="36822393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822393" title="Cymindis atrolucens">
Cymindis atrolucens

Cymindis atrolucens is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Casey in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="36822397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822397" title="Cymindis avenae">
Cymindis avenae

Cymindis avenae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by J. R. Sahlberg in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="36822398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822398" title="Cymindis axillaris">
Cymindis axillaris

Cymindis axillaris is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Fabricius in 1794.

</doc>
<doc id="36822399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822399" title="Cymindis babaulti">
Cymindis babaulti

Cymindis babaulti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="36822400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822400" title="Cymindis balchashica">
Cymindis balchashica

Cymindis balchashica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Emetz & Kryzhanovskij in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="36822401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822401" title="Chinese Super League Cup">
Chinese Super League Cup

The Chinese Super League Cup was a football tournament in China held for 2 years from 2004 until 2005. It was established in the inaugural year of the Chinese Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36822403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822403" title="Cymindis basipunctata">
Cymindis basipunctata

Cymindis basipunctata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="36822407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822407" title="Cymindis bedeli">
Cymindis bedeli

Cymindis bedeli is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Tschitscherine in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="36822408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822408" title="Cymindis binotata">
Cymindis binotata

Cymindis binotata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Fischer Von Waldheim in 1820.

</doc>
<doc id="36822410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822410" title="Cymindis blanda">
Cymindis blanda

Cymindis blanda is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Casey in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="36822411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822411" title="Cymindis borealis">
Cymindis borealis

Cymindis borealis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by LeConte in 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="36822412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822412" title="Hindustan Photo Films">
Hindustan Photo Films

Hindustan Photo Films Manufacturing Company Limited (HPF) is an Indian-based public sector manufacturer of photographic films, cine films, X-Ray films, graphic arts films, photographic paper, and chemistry. It is based out of Udhagamandalam, a hill station in Tamil Nadu. Their photographic films are sold under the name "Indu", which means "silver" in Sanskrit (silver halides are used in film). Hindustan Photo Films Ltd, which employed over 714 employees as on March 31, 2012, was declared sick by the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction in 1996. In the month of March 2013, a Rs 181 crore VRS package for employees of the ailing PSU Hindustan Photo Films based on notional pay scales of 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36822413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822413" title="Cymindis budensis">
Cymindis budensis

Cymindis budensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Csiki in 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="36822415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822415" title="Cymindis bushirica">
Cymindis bushirica

Cymindis bushirica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="36822419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822419" title="Cymindis californica">
Cymindis californica

Cymindis californica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by G. Horn in 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="36822421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822421" title="Cymindis capito">
Cymindis capito

Cymindis capito is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kryzhanovskij & Emetz in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="36822422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822422" title="Cymindis carnica">
Cymindis carnica

Cymindis carnica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by J. Muller in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="36822423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822423" title="Cymindis caudangula">
Cymindis caudangula

Cymindis caudangula is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36822425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822425" title="Cymindis chalcea">
Cymindis chalcea

Cymindis chalcea is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Bates in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="36822426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822426" title="Cymindis championi">
Cymindis championi

Cymindis championi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Andrewes in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="36822428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822428" title="Cymindis chevrolati">
Cymindis chevrolati

Cymindis chevrolati is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Dejean in 1836.

</doc>
<doc id="36822430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822430" title="Cymindis chodjaii">
Cymindis chodjaii

Cymindis chodjaii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Morvan in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="36822432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822432" title="Cymindis cincta">
Cymindis cincta

Cymindis cincta is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Brulle in 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="36822435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822435" title="Cymindis cingulata">
Cymindis cingulata

Cymindis cingulata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Dejean in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="36822436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822436" title="Cymindis circapicalis">
Cymindis circapicalis

Cymindis circapicalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36822439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822439" title="Cymindis coadunata">
Cymindis coadunata

Cymindis coadunata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Dejean in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="36822442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822442" title="Cymindis cobosi">
Cymindis cobosi

Cymindis cobosi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Mateu in 1965.

</doc>
<doc id="36822447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822447" title="Cymindis collaris">
Cymindis collaris

Cymindis collaris is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Motschulsky in 1844.

</doc>
<doc id="36822448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822448" title="Cymindis complanata">
Cymindis complanata

Cymindis complanata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Dejean in 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="36822450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822450" title="Cymindis corax">
Cymindis corax

Cymindis corax is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Reitter in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="36822454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822454" title="Cymindis cordicollis">
Cymindis cordicollis

Cymindis cordicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by V. E. Jakolev in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="36822458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822458" title="Cymindis cribrata">
Cymindis cribrata

Cymindis cribrata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1875.

</doc>
<doc id="36822461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822461" title="Cymindis cribricollis">
Cymindis cribricollis

Cymindis cribricollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Dejean in 1831.

</doc>
<doc id="36822462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822462" title="Cymindis cylindrica">
Cymindis cylindrica

Cymindis cylindrica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Motschulsky in 1844.

</doc>
<doc id="36822464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822464" title="Cymindis dachti">
Cymindis dachti

Cymindis dachti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Jedlicka in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="36822466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822466" title="Cymindis daimio">
Cymindis daimio

Cymindis daimio is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Bates in 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="36822470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822470" title="Cymindis darvazica">
Cymindis darvazica

Cymindis darvazica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Kabak in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36822471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822471" title="Graham Publishing Company">
Graham Publishing Company

The Graham Publishing Company operated in Salisbury, Rhodesia during, at least, the 1960s, 1970s and early 1980s. In 1976, its formal name was "Graham Publishing Company (Pvt.) Limited" and its contact details were "P.O. Box 2931. Salisbury, Telephone 706207". The company published a wide range of books aimed largely at the white settler market, as well as a magazine called Illustrated Life Rhodesia which was also targeted at the same market. However, shortly after Rhodesia achieved independence as Zimbabwe in 1980, the company published the autobiography of a black leader, Maurice Nyagumbo, which was described later that year as "probably the most important publishing event in post-independent Zimbabwe".

</doc>
<doc id="36822472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822472" title="Cymindis davatchii">
Cymindis davatchii

Cymindis davatchii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Morvan in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="36822473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822473" title="Cymindis decora">
Cymindis decora

Cymindis decora is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Fischer Von Waldheim in 1829.

</doc>
<doc id="36822475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822475" title="Cymindis densaticollis">
Cymindis densaticollis

Cymindis densaticollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Fairmaire in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="36822476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822476" title="Cymindis discoidea">
Cymindis discoidea

Cymindis discoidea is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Dejean in 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="36822477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822477" title="Cymindis discophora">
Cymindis discophora

Cymindis discophora is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1873.

</doc>
<doc id="36822478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822478" title="Cymindis dohrnii">
Cymindis dohrnii

Cymindis dohrnii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Wollaston in 1867.

</doc>
<doc id="36822480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822480" title="Cymindis dostojewskii">
Cymindis dostojewskii

Cymindis dostojewskii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Tschitscherine in 1896.

</doc>
<doc id="36822483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822483" title="Cymindis dubia">
Cymindis dubia

Cymindis dubia is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Ernst von Ballion in 1878.

</doc>
<doc id="36822487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822487" title="Cymindis ehlersi">
Cymindis ehlersi

Cymindis ehlersi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Putzeys in 1872.

</doc>
<doc id="36822490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822490" title="Ursula King">
Ursula King

Ursula King is a Paralympic swimmer from Australia. She was a classified "3" competitor at the 1984 New York Stoke/Mandeville Paralympics representing Australia in freestyle and butterfly events. She won silver in the 50m freestyle, and two bronzes in the 200 m freestyle and 25 m butterfly. 

</doc>
<doc id="36822508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822508" title="Weeds of National Significance">
Weeds of National Significance

Weeds of National Significance (WoNS) is a list of the most problematic plant species in Australia as determined by the federal government. Initially a list of 20 taxa were listed and given a rank based on invasiveness, impacts, potential for spread, and socioeconomic and environmental values. An expanded list of 32 taxa was released in April 2012.
List of taxa.
"Note: The list of individual taxa is greater than the 32 WoNS."

</doc>
<doc id="36822531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822531" title="Chemin de fer du Salève">
Chemin de fer du Salève

The Chemin de fer du Salève (nicknamed "Funiculaire du Salève" in spite of the absence of any traction cable), was an electric rack railway that went up the Salève mountain in the French département of Haute-Savoie on the south side of Geneva. In the 1890s, as today, the inhabitants of Geneva enjoyed the view afforded from the Salève of the Jura, the Alps (including the Mont-Blanc) and part of lac Léman, However it was a 3 hour walk up to les Treize Arbres. This was the heyday of local railways in France, and Chemin de fer du Salève came into being in 1892. It continued operations until 1935.
Construction.
The "Société anonyme des Chemins de fer du Salève" (CFS), was founded on 11 September 1890 in Annemasse, and in July of that year, construction began.
On 14 April 1891 the CFS took over the franchise between Etrembières and les Treize-Arbres
The CFS then applied for the franchise between Veyrier and Monnetier-Mornex, which was approved on 9 December 1891
In December 1892, the Etrembières - Treize-Arbres line opened for commercial service as the first all-rack electric railway.
On 24 March 1894, the Veyrier branch was opened, joing the existing line at the Monnetier-Mairie station.
The railway linked to two other railways at its lower termini.
Operation.
Both ways up the Salève took one hour. 15 trains were run each way on weekdays and 20 at weekends. Freight services were minimal. Apart from the needs of the railway itself, the only significant customer was the restaurant at the Treize-Arbres station, requiring water, food and firewood.
The CFS was profitable as of 1895, and in 1912 saw its greatest service with 87'000 passengers carried in the year. In 1914, the French-Swiss frontier was closed due to the war, and the Swiss could no longer access the Salève. In 1928, the line still carried 62'000 passengers, but then the decline began. The railway was by now losing money in spite of cost cutting measures, and the coup de grace came in 1932 with opening of a road (with a bus service) and a cable car up to the summit. In 1935 the CFS was wound up. The following year the rails were dismantled, and in 1938, the franchise revoked.
Rolling Stock.
The rolling stock was limited to the minimum required to operate the railway, namely 12 railcars and 6 wagons.
The railcars could brake by reversing the traction current, rheostatic braking, and a mechanical brake.
Track.
The railway used metre gauge track with a single Abt rack where the gradient was less than 10% and a double rack where the gradient was above 10% up to the ruling maximum of 25%. Normal point were used with mobile rack blades. The power was supplied at 600V DC to a third rail. The minimum curve radius was 50m.
Today.
Some traces of the permanent way are still visible today, the most significant being the tunnel below Monnetier-Mornex. The trackbed above Monnetier-Mornex is walkable for the most part, but below the tunnel (the part which appears in the image of the 1890s has been destroyed by quarrying). The Treize-Arbres and Monnetier-Mairie stations are still visible. The hydroelectric power station at Arthaz, built to provide the electricity is the only part of the CFS which still fulfills its original function, now operated by EDF. The Etrembières depot building is also still standing but altered.

</doc>
<doc id="36822535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822535" title="Marcus Herennius Picens (consul 34 BC)">
Marcus Herennius Picens (consul 34 BC)

Marcus Herennius Picens (fl. 1st century BC) was a Roman senator who served as suffect consul in 34 BC.
Biography.
Herennius Picens is believed to be the grandson of Titus Herennius, who fought against the Romans during the Social War. In 34 BC, he was appointed suffect consul, replacing Gaius Memmius and occupying the office from November 1 through to December 31. Herennius Picens was probably next appointed the Proconsular governor of Asia in 33 BC.
Herennius Picens was the patron of the town of Veii. He was probably the father of Marcus Herennius Picens, who was a suffect consul in AD 1.

</doc>
<doc id="36822554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822554" title="Rif Dimashq offensive (August–October 2012)">
Rif Dimashq offensive (August–October 2012)

The Rif Dimashq offensive (August–October 2012) () was a Syrian Army offensive in the Rif Dimashq Governorate during August–October 2012, as part of the Syrian Civil War.
Background.
After the military defeat of the rebels in the Battle of Damascus, sporadic clashes continued in some parts of the capital, where the rebellion was using guerilla tactics and hit-and-run attacks against the security forces. In early August 2012, the Syrian Army largely escalated its anti guerilla operations in order to restore the status quo ante bellum to the governorate.
Al-Tall.
The city of Al-Tall was known to be an important rebel base around Damascus. When the Battle of Damascus started, the rebels stormed two government buildings and reportedly detained 40 soldiers while seizing a quantity of weapons. The city was also one of the place where the rebel retreated after their defeat in Damascus. At the end of July, rebels were gathering and massing in Al-Tall to ready themselves for another attack on Damascus. In the beginning of August, the Syrian Army started shelling the rebel positions more intensively. The city became completely besieged by the Army after the abduction of 3 Syrian state-controlled media journalists by the rebels near the city. The Syrian Army took control of the city and cleared it of rebel presence the 17 August, while the Syrian National Council described the area a "sinister zone". The three abducted journalists were freed by the Syrian Army. The bodies of 58 executed civilians were reportedly found in the town following the operation.
Southern Damascus outskirts.
On 17 August, fighting broke out between the Syrian Army and rebel fighters near the Damascus Military Airport, near Mezzeh district.
On 20 August, activists in Damascus again reported battles between the Army and rebel fighters in the Mezzeh district of Damascus. Helicopters were bombarding the district, leading to at least 12 casualties.
On 22 August, residents and activists reported heavy shelling in the southern Damascus districts of Kfar Souseh, Darayya, Qadam and Nahr Aisha. At least 40 people were killed in the shelling, which was accompanied by attacks from helicopters, and in ensuing ground raids in southern Damascus. The target of the military raids were reportedly rebel mortar teams, which had been targeting the military airport at Mezzeh the previous days. According to one activist, at least 36 of those killed were rebel fighters. Maaz al-Shami, a member of the Damascus Media Office, a group of young opposition activists monitoring the clashes in Damascus, claimed that the rebels who retreated from the capital, after the battle the previous month, had started to return.
On 23 August, and in parallel of the Darayya operation, the Syrian Army launched an important operation in Damascus, in what an opponent described as an "attempt to crush the rebellion once for all" in the capital. Several districts were cut off by the army and several executions of rebels fighters in the city were reported. Dozens of executed bodies were later found on 24 August. The army also arrested several people in the Kfar Sousseh district. State media reported that the Syrian Army discovered and killed the members of a rebel group in the Nair Aisha neighbourhood of the capital. The death toll of the operation was estimated at between 8 and 12 killed.
On 7 September, clashes broke out between rebels and the Syrian Army in Kazaz on the southern outskirts of Damascus, after a rebel attack on Army roadblocks. Also, a bomb went of in the Mezzeh district between the Justice Palace and the Information Ministry
On 12 September, the military started shelling the town of Al-Hajar al-Aswad, on the southern outskirts of Damascus. The town was regarded to be one of the last rebel strongholds on the southern fringes of the capital. The shelling continued until 19 September, when government troops advanced into al-Hajar al-Aswad, as well as the rebel-held al-Qadam and al-A'sali neighborhoods of Damascus, after the rebels retreated from the area during the morning. Army attacks on the south-western suburbs of Muadhamiya, Judaydat Artuz and Kanakir and Qudsaya to the north-west were also reported. During the fighting, the government reported that tens of rebels were killed in the counter-insurgency operation in al-Hajar al-Haswad. Three rebel technicals were also reportedly destroyed in the operation on 15 September.
On 15 September, state media reported that a qualitative operation took place in Al-Sbeineh city. The Syrian Army later found the corpses of 17 rebels who had been killed in the clashes and then burned by their comrades to avoid them being recognized.
On 23 September, the military started shelling the rebel-held town of Al Thiabieh, 11 miles from Damascus. When the rebels from Al Thiabieh and the surrounding area launched a counter-attack the shelling became more fierce. After three days of bombardment, during which two rebel fighters were killed, FSA forces retreated from the town and the military entered on 26 September. According to opposition activists and rebels, the military than started raiding homes, killing 50 people. By the end of the day, the Army withdrew from Al Thiabieh, after completing their operation. An estimated 40 to 107 people were killed during the attack on the town in what was described as a massacre by the opposition.
Mouadamiya.
After a two-day operation at the end of July, which killed 120 people in this suburb, the Syrian Army started a new operation on 20 August. The rebels repelled the first attack but the Syrian Army quickly managed to overrun the rebels. The death toll of the operation was estimated at 86 dead, half of them executed by the Syrian Army for being suspected rebels. SOHR confirmed at least 23 of the dead to be rebels. The Syrian media broadcast footage of the large quantity of weapons seized from the rebels in the city.
Daraya.
Early during the offensive, rebels attacked a checkpoint outside Darayya, claiming to had killed 30 soldiers.
On 20 August, Daraya was shelled for the first time. Among those killed were 12 rebels.
On 21 August, the Syrian Army began a three-day artillery offensive against the rebel's positions in Darayya, reportedly killing 70 people, including at least 18 rebels. After that, hundreds of soldiers, backed by helicopters and armored vehicles entered Darayya, facing little resistance. The last rebel group withdrew in the face of the military advance and opposition activists were fearing that young men suspected of being rebels could be executed.
On 25 August, the bodies of 200 people were reportedly discovered in the town. Most of the dead appeared to be the result of executions. SOHR reported that the death toll had thus reached 270 killed during the attack on Daraya, including women, children and rebels. One rebel fighter was also killed during the day in security sweeps. 40-50 of the day's corpses had been discovered near a mosque. 80 of the dead had been identified as civilians, while 120 remained unidentified.
On 26 August, the SOHR updated its report on Darayya, saying that 320 people had been killed since the start of the offensive, the majority of them being executed in the previous few days.
The official state agency SANA reported that the army cleansed the city from rebels who had committed crimes against the residents and destroyed public and private properties in the city. However, the UN chief Ban Ki-moon condemned the killings of hundreds in the city and called it "an appalling and brutal crime" while Mohamed Mursi, called for Assad's allies to help push the Syrian leader out of power. "Now is the time to stop this bloodshed and for the Syrian people to regain their full rights, and for this regime that kills its people to disappear from the scene," he told Reuters in his first interview with an international news organisation before embarking on a trip to China and Iran. "There is no room to talk about reform, but the discussion is about change," Mursi said.
Days later, bodies were still being found and local residents claimed the death toll had reached 400.
On 29 August, journalist Robert Fisk, of "The Independent", entered the town and spoke with local residents, some out of earshot of Syrian officials. The residents gave accounts that differed from what was being reported in the media. Some stated that it was the FSA fighters that committed at least some of the killings, the dead being off-duty soldiers or pro-government civilians. They also stated that their homes had been overtaken by rebels and in some cases demolished. Others said they were not sure who was responsible for the killings. The journalist also talked to several officers, who told him that the attack on the town started after talks for a prisoner swap between the rebels and the military failed.
Eastern Damascus outskirts.
On 27 August, a rebel commander stated that government forces had been moving, since the start of the offensive, from the west of Damascus, around the capital, to the east towards the Ghouta area. The area had become the next target of the military, following operations in Daraya. He said Ghouta was home to some of the strongest rebel groups. He also claimed that, at the same time, the rebels were attempting to enter Damascus again, this time around in a more organised manner. Earlier during the day, an Army attack helicopter was shot-down over the Qaboon district of eastern Damascus, during clashes.
The same day, rebels attacked government positions in Saqba, just northeast of Ghouta, overrunning several Army checkpoints. Following the attacks, opposition activists reported that airstrikes killed 60 people in the adjacent area of Zamalka and an unspecified number in Saqba.
On 29 August, the rebels claimed to had captured a military missile warehouse in the Ghouta area, seizing 10 missiles.
On 7 September, a bomb went off in the eastern Damascus district of Salhayeh, killing several soldiers. Also, clashes occurred in Tadamon between the FSA and government forces, in which at least four soldiers were killed by rebel fighters. The Syrian Army took control of the town of Babila where rebels had been entrenched. The bodies of 45 people were found in the suburbs of Zamalka and Qatana while 16 young men were found dead in Harasta.
On 20 September, hundreds of soldiers sealed the Yarmouk district and conducted searchs inside. Five rebels who were found hiding in the district were executed.
On 5 October 2012, rebels advanced in the eastern Damascus suburbs, capturing an air force base and taking caches of missiles. Videos on the internet showed dozens of rebels dressed in army fatigues celebrating with smoke billowing from the base behind them. Meanwhile, rebels in Damascus captured an officer from the elite Republican Guard and provided video footage of the man, who identified himself as Colonel Ahmad Reaidi. Also in the eastern suburbs of Damacus, a military helicopter gunship was reportedly downed by the rebels.
On 24 and 25 October, the Syrian Army fired heavy tank and rocket barrages into the Damascus suburb of Harasta following the rebel capture of two army checkpoints on the edge of that town.
On 26 October, a temporary ceasefire to mark the Muslim holiday of Eid ended within hours. Fighting occurred across the country, with Harasta being shelled with heavy artillery, killing at least 10.
On 30 October, government airstrikes targeted the neighbourhood of Hajar al-Aswad in Damascus city and the suburbs of Yabroud, Hazza and Harasta. At least 11 were killed in a car bombing in central Damascus and 10 were killed in an airstrike on a bus in Hajar al-Aswad. Air strikes leveled areas of Douma, leaving 18 people dead. Fighting took place in Hajar al-Aswad and spilled over into Yarmouk camp, where 112,000 Palestinians with divided loyalties live. Pro-Assad Palestinians clashed with the FSA.
On 31 October, the Free Syrian Army announced that they had helped to form a brigade made up of Anti-Assad Palestinians, (Storm Brigade), who have been armed to take control of Yarmouk camp from the Pro-Assad Palestinian group, Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command. The PFLP-GC leader Ahmed Jibril and his men have been accused of harassing the camps residents and attacking FSA fighters. Many Palestinian men from the camp also joined other FSA units and fought with them in the Damascus districts of Tadamon and Al-Hajar Al-Aswad.
On 25 November, rebels seized control of the Marj al-Sultan Military airbase in Eastern Ghouta after a battle in which two Syrian Army helicopters were shot down, leading to the Rif Dimashq offensive (November 2012–present).
Other operations.
On 7 October, the military stormed the rebel-held towns of al-Hameh and Qudsaya, just west of Damascus, pushing rebel forces out. Opposition activists reported a "massacre" in al-Hameh, claiming 21-30 people were killed, at least one of them a rebel fighter.
Overview.
The increase in the number of operations in Rif Dimashq and Damascus by the Syrian Army and in their intensity is clear. The result is that the ability of rebels fighters to counter the army offensives in their former strongholds in the region seem to have tapered off. This seem to be a result of the new and more violent tactic being adopted by the Syrian Army against rebel former strongholds. One resident of Midan told that everybody was being arrested or killed and that the army was making no difference between residents and identified gunmen contrary to the previous campaigns.
Wissam Tarif from the opposition group Avaaz said that the Army strategy was to provoke intensively the Free Syrian Army into clashes in order to overstretch them, reporting that the operations of the Syrian Army have been intensive, going night and day for ten days. The Syrian Army has also completely locked down the border with Lebanon to prevent reinforcements and weapons to come from the south of Damascus.
The number of reported execution has been described as unprecedented by the opposition activists and several of them see it as a punishment and an intimidation on the population who shelter the rebels near the capital. The activist claimed that the majority of the people killed, overwhelmingly men, are civilians. The death toll from the beginning of August until the 24 August has been put at 730 by the same activists. The counter-insurgency operations of the Syrian Army have been more lethal than the Battle of Aleppo, happening at the same moment in the north of Syria.
The rebel group LCCSyria, claimed that 310 people were killed in the Damascus countryside on 25 August, the highest daily death toll in a single place of the civil war reported by this organization.
On 27 August, it was reported by a rebel commander that the rebels tried to shift back the fight toward Damascus to ease up the offensive on the rebels cities.
By early October, opposition activists stated that government troops had managed to push out most rebel forces from the southern outskirts of Damascus following the offensive, mainly due to shortages of ammunition and, in some cases, after running out of local support. It had also been estimated that 1,471 rebels and civilians had been killed in and around Damascus during September while the offensive was ongoing. At the same time, the military reported that their operations around Damascus were almost over.
In mid-November, the rebels appeared to be taking the initiative with the seizure of two military bases around Damascus and attempting to cut the main highway between the capital and Damascus International Airport, leading to a new offensive.

</doc>
<doc id="36822557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822557" title="Medicine Lake Regional Trail">
Medicine Lake Regional Trail

The Medicine Lake Regional Trail is a bicycle trail that runs from the Medicine Lake Regional Park in Plymouth, Minnesota, to the Elm Creek Park Reserve in Maple Grove. The trail runs for and is maintanined by Three Rivers Park District.
Route description.
The Medicine Lake Regional Trail starts at the Luce Line Trail just south of Medicine Lake in Plymouth. The trail starts heading north on the east side of Medicine Lake. The trail then starts heading through the Medicine Lake Park Reserve. The trail then goes north into northern Plymouth where it has crossings with Rockford Road (County Road 9, CR ), Bass Lake Road (CR 10), and Interstate 494 (I-494). The trail then leaves Plymouth and enters Maple Grove where it has crossings at Weaver Lake Road (CR 109), Elm Creek Boulevard (CR 152), CR 81, and State Highway 610 (MN 610). The trail then ends at the Rush Creek Regional Trail at the Elm Creek Park Reserve.
History.
The trail was affected in an August 2006 plan to eliminate confusion on the part of bicyclists using the Three Rivers Park District trail system. In July 2008, the Minnesota Department of Transportation had to close the trail's bridge over CR 81 after it was shocking ridings using the span.

</doc>
<doc id="36822590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822590" title="Patrick Bellew">
Patrick Bellew

Patrick Bellew is an environmental engineer,an architect,one of United Kingdom’s Royal Designers and a Chartered Building services engineer who works at Atelier Ten.He is a founding Director of building environmental engineering consultants Atelier Ten. He also lectures at various universities on issues that affect the environment. Atelier Ten has pioneered numerous environmental innovations and it has six offices around the world which are focused on the delivery of high-performance buildings.
Education and career.
Patrick attended Stonyhurst college before proceeding to the University of Bath where he studied for his Bachelor of Science honors at the school of architecture and building engineering until 1981.He was employed at Buro Happold in Bath after completing his four year degree. Patrick has taught the core environmental design course on the M.Arch program at the Yale University School of Architecture from 2000 - 2009 and he led Advanced Design Studios in 2010 and 2011.He was on the Design Review Committee of CABE from 1999 to 2003, a Governor of the Building Centre Trust in London between 1996 and 2011 and on the Employer Panel of the Construction Industry Council.
Publications.
He writes in several United Kingdom design magazines;

</doc>
<doc id="36822595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822595" title="Pitta (album)">
Pitta (album)

Pitta (stylized as "Vol. 8 - PITTA") is the eighth full studio album by South Korean singer Baek Ji-young. The singer stated that the album was named after a bird species known for its colorful plummage, Pitta.
Track listing.
List of tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="36822617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822617" title="Kargılı, Tarsus">
Kargılı, Tarsus

Kargılı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated at in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) to the east of Tarsus and to the south of Turkish state highway . Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Kargılı was 824 as of 2011. The new airpost of the region, namely Çukurova Airport is planned to be constracted between Çiçekli and Kargılı .

</doc>
<doc id="36822649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822649" title="Devil's Prey">
Devil's Prey

 
"Devil's Prey" is a 2001 thriller film directed by Bradford May.

</doc>
<doc id="36822657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822657" title="Mansur al-Atrash">
Mansur al-Atrash

Mansur al-Atrash (; 3 February 1925 – 14 November 2006) was a Syrian politician and journalist. Together with fellow university students, Atrash became a founding member of the Ba'ath Party and its Syrian regional branch in 1947. During the presidency of Adib Shishakli (1951–54), he became an anti-government activist and was imprisoned twice, only to be released in an unsuccessful attempt by Shishakli to gain the support of Atrash's father, Sultan. In the year Shishakli was overthrown, Atrash was elected to parliament and turned down an offer to serve in Said al-Ghazzi's government. During the period of the United Arab Republic (1958–61), Atrash became a strong supporter of Egyptian president and pan-Arab leader Gamal Abdel Nasser. He opposed Syria's secession from the UAR and turned down offers to serve in successive separatist governments in protest.
When the Ba'ath Party gained power in the 1963 coup, Atrash became Minister of Social Affairs and in 1965 the head of the Revolutionary Command Council (RCC). A second coup by left-wing Ba'athist officers resulted in a split within the party between the coup officers led by the Military Committee and the founders led by Michel Aflaq, with Atrash being an ardent supporter of the latter. He was subsequently imprisoned, but released in the aftermath of Syria's defeat in the 1967 War with Israel. After two years of self-imposed exile in Lebanon, he returned to Syria where he mostly abandoned political life. He died on 14 November 2006 and was buried near his hometown of al-Qurayya.
Early life.
Atrash was born 3 February 1925 in the Druze community of al-Qurayya in Jabal al-Druze (Jabal al-Arab), months before the Great Syrian Revolt, which was launched and led by his father Sultan al-Atrash. At the time, the Jabal al-Druze area constituted an autonomous zone (existing between 1922 and 1936) within the French Mandate of Syria (established in 1920). Tensions between the Druze and the French authorities stemmed from a number of reasons, particularly what the local Druze leaders saw as French encroachment into their domestic affairs and self-governance. The revolt began in the summer of 1925 and had soon spread throughout Syria, ending with the military defeat of Syrian rebels in 1927 and the self-imposed exile of Sultan to Transjordan after the Mandatory authorities issued a warrant for his arrest. He returned in 1937 after being pardoned by the authorities.
It was in Transjordan, and later in Damascus and Beirut, that Mansur completed his primary and secondary education.
In 1946, Mansur went to study at the American University in Beirut (AUB), and graduated in 1948 with a BA in political science. In 1951, he attained a law degree from the Sorbonne University. He also served as a lecturer on Arabic literature in the University of Damascus.
Ba'ath Party and conflict with Shishkali.
In 1947 Atrash, an ardent socialist and Arab nationalist 'in principle and practice," according to historian Sami Moubayed, became a founding member of the Ba'ath Party. He joined the organization during his time at the AUB and then left with his party colleagues Salah al-Din al-Bitar and Michel Aflaq for further studies in Paris. He became part of its Syrian regional branch, and actively participated in party strikes, marches and parades. Atrash wrote regularly for the party newspaper "al-Ba'ath". He was the only prominent Druze member in the Ba'ath Party who hailed from a major clan, the al-Atrash.
General Adib Shishakli seized power in 1951, establishing a military-backed autocracy. Atrash participated in anti-Shishakli activity, including throwing explosives at Shishakli's residence in 1952, an action which resulted in Atrash's arrest. In 1953 Shishakli launched a crackdown on the Druze community, claiming they were being funded by Hashemite-ruled Jordan and Iraq to establish a Hashemite regime in Syria. Jabal al-Druze was bombarded by government forces and Atrash's father Sultan was put under house arrest for his vocal criticism of Shishakli.
After Shishakli came into conflict with the Ba'athists that year as a result of the former's authoritarian manner of governance, Atrash moved to Homs, a hotbed of opposition to Shishakli's rule, where he helped coordinate the supply of arms to insurgents in Jabal al-Druze. He was arrested by the authorities for a second time in May, during the peak of the unrest. He had been released both times because of his father's popularity at the national level; by releasing Atrash, Shishakli attempted to gain the appeasement of Sultan. In response to Atrash's second release from prison, Sultan said "I didn't ask Shishakli for the freedom of my son. I asked him for the freedom of my country."
According to Moubayed, Atrash's anti-government activities significantly contributed to Shishakli's resignation and departure from Syria in February 1954 amid the countrywide unrest. In the first post-Shishakli democratic election later that year, Atrash was elected to parliament. Atrash was offered a cabinet position in Said al-Ghazzi's September 1955 government, but he rejected the offer because of the Ba'ath Party's opposition to the government's makeup.
UAR period and Ba'athist Syria.
Atrash supported formation of the United Arab Republic (UAR), a union between Syria and Egypt, in 1958. During the UAR years, Atrash became a devoted Nasserite—a supporter of President Gamal Abdel Nasser's policies—and wrote several articles in Nasserite daily newspaper "Al Jamahir" ("The People.") Atrash opposed the break-up of the union after a secessionist coup in September 1961, and opposed playing a political role in the anti-unionist governments that succeeded the UAR; Prime Minister Bashir al-Azma (term in 1962) offered him a cabinet post, but he turned down the offer, citing his ideological opposition to a secessionist government. Prime Minister Khalid al-Azm (term in 1962–63) appointed him minister of social affairs without asking him, but Atrash turned down that job as well.
His seclusion from Syrian politics ended after the Military Committee of the Ba'ath Party took power in a coup d'état on 8 March 1963. The Military Committee's stated goal was to reestablish a pan-Arab state; a goal Atrash shared. He was appointed Minister of Labor and Social Affairs in Salah al-Din al-Bitar's first government, and became a member of the Presidential Council, an organ responsible for running day-to-day state affairs. In February 1964 Atrash was elected to the 12-member Ba'ath Party National Command, which was nominally the highest policy-making body of the party.
Differences between Bitar and the Regional Command had developed in 1964, with the latter viewing Bitar's cabinet as being right-leaning and soft on "reactionary" elements within Syria in the aftermath of Hama uprising in April of that year by the Muslim Brotherhood. President Amin al-Hafiz had been prime minister at the time of the unrest and stepped down in response to countrywide strikes and demonstrations in protest at the severity of the uprising's suppression. Bitar replaced Hafiz to serve a second term as prime minister in May, publicly promising to protect civil liberties. Intra-party tensions culminated with the Regional Command withdrawing its confidence from Bitar's government on 25 September, and Bitar and Atrash (an associate of Bitar) subsequently resigning from the Presidential Council. Their positions were filled by Salah Jadid and Yusuf Zuaiyin, respectively, and effectively brought the Presidential Council under the full control of the Military Committee and the Regional Command. Hafiz also replaced Bitar as premier in October, although Atrash remained in his ministerial post.
On 1 September 1965 Atrash was appointed Chairman of the Revolutionary Command Council (RCC), but acquired little "de facto" power because of the Military Committee's overarching control, with Atrash later remarking "the officers let us do the talking although, as we later discovered, they had agreed beforehand ... what the decisions would be." The RCC played the role of parliament and Atrash was its speaker. In December tensions between the National Command (loyal to Aflaq and Bitar) and the Regional Command (loyal to Jadid and backed by the military) grew worse as elements of the former attempted to align with Military Committee member Muhammad Umran in an effort to split the military's support (and according to Syria expert Itamar Rabinovich, the Alawite officers' solid backing) of Jadid. However, Atrash, along with Munif al-Razzaz of Jordan and Jubran al-Majdalani and Ali al-Khalil of Lebanon, was a part of the group in the National Command that opposed confrontation with the Regional Command, citing the National Command's lack of military support and political power as well as the fundamental weakness of an alliance with Umran and Amin al-Hafiz. The latter two had been engaged in an antagonistic rivalry over leadership of the Military Committee.
Atrash continued to hold the office of RCC, and was reelected as speaker on 15 February 1966, shortly before the 1966 Syrian coup d'état (21–23 February), which brought the left-wing neo-Ba'athist government of Jadid to power and caused an internal party split. The Jadid government's coming to power resulted in the self-imposed exile of the leading Ba'ath ideologue Michel Aflaq. Atrash, a partisan of Aflaq, was arrested and jailed in the Mezzeh Prison during the coup. The new defense minister and future president Hafez al-Assad later paid him a visit to discuss Syria's political situation and check on his health.
On 9 June 1967, when the Israeli Army occupied the Golan Heights during the Six-Day War, Atrash and other Aflaq loyalists were released from their detention. Atrash later remarked that "It was not agreeable to know that we owed our freedom to defeat." In collaboration with dissenting Ba'athist officer Salim Hatum, Atrash attempted to overthrow Jadid's government in 1967, but failed. Following this unsuccessful coup attempt, he moved into self-imposed exile in Lebanon and lived there until the death of Abd al-Karim al-Jundi, the head of Syria's secret intelligence service. He returned to Syria in 1969 and lived much of the remainder of his life in seclusion.
Later life and death.
In 1978 Atrash hosted a dinner aimed at healing the rift between the ruling Ba'ath governments of Syria and neighboring Iraq. The dinner was attended by such notables as Iraqi foreign minister Tariq Aziz and Syrian defense minister Mustafa Tlass. Between 2000 and 2006 Atrash was a member of an organization in support of the Palestinian uprising against Israel. Between 2001 and 2006 he presided over the Syrian Arab Committee, which aimed to end the sanctions against Iraq and later support it after the 2003 invasion.
In August 1956 Atrash married teacher Hind al-Shuwayri, an Christian and the daughter of Yusuf al-Shuwayri, Sultan's partner in the grain trade, who was based in al-Midan and owned a house in al-Qurayya. Atrash had a son named Tha'er and a daughter named Rim. Because Atrash's wife was not from the Druze community, the marriage caused a temporary schism between Atrash and his father. Eventually the two bridged their differences. Following Sultan's death in 1982, Mansur gained the latter's role as the major spokesman for the al-Atrash clan.
Atrash died at 6:30 am on 14 November 2006, at the age of 80. His funeral was held in the city of al-Suwayda, and according to one of his relatives, Talal al-Atrash, the ceremony was attended by "hundreds of thousands" of Druze from Syria, Lebanon and Jordan as well as some "prominent Arab personalities." Atrash was buried in the woodland area of Hushus which he owned, near his native al-Qurayya.

</doc>
<doc id="36822673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822673" title="Tahsan Rahman Khan">
Tahsan Rahman Khan

Tahsan Rahman Khan (; born 18 October 1979, Bikrampur) is a Bangladeshi musician, actor, TV actor and model.
Early life and education.
Tahsan first learned singing at Shishu Academy and music at Chhayanat. He completed SSC from Saint Joseph Higher Secondary School (Dhaka) and HSC from Notre Dame College, Dhaka in 1998. He obtained BBA Marketing and MBA Finance from Institute of Business Administration, University of Dhaka. He earned his second MBA from Carlson School of Management, University of Minnesota in 2010.
Career.
Tahsan was a member of the band Black during 2000–2005. Then he started his solo career in music.
Tahsan worked at Unilever Bangladesh Limited during 2003–2004. Then he started teaching at Eastern University from April 2006 to June 2008. He worked at "Institute for Research in Marketing" as a research assistant. From April 2010, he was teaching at University of Liberal Arts Bangladesh and he is now a faculty member of BRAC University from September 2013.
Personal life.
Tahsan's ancestral home is Bikrampur though he was born and brought up in Dhaka. On August 3, 2006, he married Rafiath Rashid Mithila, a model and actress .
Works.
Covered song.
Formed new band on 28 January 2012 :Tahsan and The Sufis:

</doc>
<doc id="36822674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822674" title="Payari">
Payari

Payari is a village in Bangladesh. It is situated in the Magura district of the Khulna Division. It is approximately 14 km away from Magura Sadar Upazila. The Nabaganga river flows nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="36822728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822728" title="Aloe bakeri">
Aloe bakeri

Aloe bakeri is a species of flowering plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, native to Madagascar. Growing to tall by wide, it is an evergreen perennial forming multiple rosettes of spidery succulent green or reddish-green toothed leaves, heavily mottled with white. In summer it produces red or orange, green-tipped tubular flowers.
The Latin specific epithet "bakeri" honours one of two British horticulturalists, in this case John Gilbert Baker of Kew (1834-1920).
With a minimum temperature of , this plant requires winter heat, and in temperate regions is cultivated under glass. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36822730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822730" title="Barthold Nicolai Landsberg">
Barthold Nicolai Landsberg

Barthold Nicolai von Landsberg (c. 166818 February 1740) was a Norwegian military officer. He was born in Holstein. He was commander of the Fredriksten Fortress from 1717, during the Great Northern War, and was responsible for defending the fortress against attacks from Charles XII in 1718. Charles XII was killed during the siege of the fortress, and this effectively ended the Swedish campaign in Norway. Landsberg was assigned the rank of Lieutenant General in 1739. He died in Fredrikstad in 1740. A memorial of Landsberg was raised at the Fredriksten Fortress, and a square in Halden is named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="36822735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822735" title="Dadullah (Pakistani Taliban)">
Dadullah (Pakistani Taliban)

Jamal Said (c. 1965 - 24 August 2012) better known by the "nom de guerre" Mullah Dadullah and also Maulana Mohammad Jamal, was a senior member of the Pakistani Taliban. He was self-proclaimed Taliban leader in Pakistan's northern Bajaur Agency. He was killed in a NATO airstrike in the Shigal wa Sheltan district of Afghanistan's neighbouring Kunar Province on 24 August 2012. His deputy and ten Taliban fighters were also killed in the strike.
Dadullah was a former prayer leader and then became a Taliban commander. It was reported by AP that Dadullah became leader of the group after Bajur's former Pakistani Taliban leader, Maulvi Faqir Mohammed, fled to Afghanistan to avoid Pakistani army operations. He was succeeded by Maulana Abu Bakr.

</doc>
<doc id="36822737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822737" title="List of planning journals">
List of planning journals

This article lists academic, peer-reviewed journals related to urban, regional, land-use, transportation and environmental planning, urban studies, regional science and related fields. (It can be developed further through addition of information on publishers, start dates, ISI citation statistics and more.)

</doc>
<doc id="36822761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822761" title="Men's United States Open (squash) 2012">
Men's United States Open (squash) 2012

The Men's United States Squash Open 2012 is the men's edition of the 2012 United States Open (squash), which is a PSA World Series event Gold (Prize money: $115,000). The event took place at the Daskalakis Athletic Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States from the 6th of October to the 12th October. Ramy Ashour won his first US Open trophy, beating Gregory Gaultier in the final.
Prize money and ranking points.
For 2012, the prize purse was $ 115,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36822775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822775" title="1740 in Norway">
1740 in Norway

Events in the year 1740 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36822810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822810" title="Industry House (Kolkata)">
Industry House (Kolkata)

Industry House is a high-rise located in Kolkata, India. It is located in the central part of the city beside Camac Street.
Details.
Industry House is one of the earliest high-rises in the city. It is a commercial building and was built in 1980 by the Birlas. This modern building has a total height of . The building houses numerous offices, most of them of Birla Group companies. Though the outside appearance looks odd, but it is one of the best commercial buildings in the city with world-class interior infrastructure and design.

</doc>
<doc id="36822819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822819" title="Sikasya River">
Sikasya River

The Sikasya (, , also: Сиказя́, Сиказа́, Сикия́з) is a river in Ishimbaysky District, a right tributary of the Zigan River, in the basin of the Kama River.

</doc>
<doc id="36822826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822826" title="Maulawi Dadullah">
Maulawi Dadullah

Maulawi Dadullah may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36822834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822834" title="Andrea Hübner">
Andrea Hübner

Andrea Hübner (born 17 February 1957 in Karl-Marx-Stadt) is a retired German swimmer who won two gold medals at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships, breaking world records in the 200 m medley and 4×100 m freestyle relay events. She also won a gold and a silver medal at the 1974 European Aquatics Championships. She is a sister of the former professional track cyclist Michael Hübner.

</doc>
<doc id="36822836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822836" title="Ravananugraha">
Ravananugraha

Ravananugraha or Ravananugraha-murti ("form showing favour to Ravana") is a benevolent aspect of the Hindu god Shiva, depicted seated on his abode Mount Kailash with his consort Parvati, while the "rakshasa"-king (demon-king) Ravana of Lanka tries to shake it. The depiction is labelled variously as Ravana Lifting Mount Kailash or Ravana Shaking Mount Kailash. According to Hindu scriptures, Ravana once tried to lift Mount Kailash, but Shiva pushed the mountain into place and trapped Ravana beneath it. For a thousand years, the imprisoned Ravana sang hymns in praise of Shiva, who finally blessed him and granted him an invincible sword or a powerful linga (Shiva's aniconic symbol) to worship.
The theme is "very popular" in Indian art and occurs as early as Gupta era (300–600 CE).
Background story.
The "Uttara Kanda" of the Hindu epic "Ramayana" records: the ten-headed, twenty-armed mighty King Ravana defeated and looted Alaka – the city of his step-brother and god of wealth Kubera, situated near Mount Kailash. After the victory, Ravana was returning to Lanka in the "Pushpaka Vimana" (the flying chariot stolen from Kubera), when he spotted a beautiful place. However, the chariot could not fly over it. Ravana met Shiva's bull-faced dwarf attendant Nandi (Nandisha, Nandikeshvara) at this place and asked the reason behind his chariot's inability to pass over the place. Nandi informed Ravana that his lord Shiva and Parvati were enjoying dalliance on the mountain and no one was allowed to pass. Ravana mocked Shiva and Nandi. Enraged by the insult to his lord, Nandi cursed Ravana that monkeys would destroy him. In turn, Ravana decided to uproot the mountain Kailash, infuriated by Nandi's curse and his inability to proceed further. He put all his twenty arms under Kailash and started lifting it. As Kailash began to shake, a terrified Parvati embraced Shiva. However, the omniscient Shiva realized that Ravana was behind the menace and pressed the mountain into place with his big toe, trapping Ravana beneath it. Ravana gave a loud cry in pain. Advised by his ministers, Ravana sang hymns in praise of Shiva for a thousand years. Finally, Shiva not only forgave Ravana but also granted him an invincible sword. Since Ravana cried, he was given the name "Ravana" – one who cried.
The Tamil version of the legend narrates that imprisoned under Kailash, Ravana cut off one of his heads and built a veena from it. He used his tendons for the strings and began singing praises of Shiva. The pleased Shiva bestowed a powerful linga, his symbol, to be worshipped by Ravana at Lanka, but with the condition that wherever the linga was placed on earth, it would stay there for eternity. Aided by Shiva's son Ganesha, the gods devised a plan and tricked Ravana to hand the linga to Ganesha, who immediately placed it on the ground. Temples at Gokarna as well as Kumbharagadhi in Balasore district, claim to house this powerful linga.
Iconography.
Shiva and Parvati are depicted seated on Mount Kailash in the upper portion of the portrayal, while Ravana, lifting the mount is portrayed in the lower register.
In the upper register, the central figures are the four-armed Shiva and to his left hand side, Parvati, who clings to her husband with her two arms flung around him. Shiva is calm, comforting his terrified consort, embracing her with one or two arms. Shiva wears a jata-mukuta (a headdress formed of piled, matted hair), while Parvati's hair is arranged in a bun. In an upper arm, Shiva holds a "trishula" (trident) and his lower right arm makes the "abhayamudra" (fear-not gesture). The couple may be seated on a lotus pedestal or rest their feet on it. In some cases, Parvati is seated on Shiva's left lap. Sometimes, he may cuddle her breast or touch her chin lovingly.
The mountain may be pictured variously as a simple piles of rocks or even as a simple platform to an elaborate multi-tiered structure. In the latter depiction, various levels show Kailash's various inhabitants including divinities, attendants, sages and animals, while Shiva and Parvati are perched on the top of the mountain. Even otherwise, male attendants of Shiva and female ones of Parvati as well as Shiva's dwarfish follower "gana"s may be depicted surrounding the divine couple on Kailash. Other flying divinities may also be pictured with them, praising Shiva and Parvati. Noteworthy portrayals include the couple's two sons – the elephant headed god of wisdom Ganesha and Kartikeya, the god of war; Shiva's "vahana" – the bull Nandi and Parvati's lion. In some cases, animals and attendants run away, frightened by the trembling mountain. In some cases, the inhabitants attack Ravana with arms and boulders.
Ravana is depicted as a strongly built man lifting the mountain with all his might. Ravana is generally depicted ten-headed; however, he may be depicted with fewer heads or just a single head. A donkey's head may be also depicted as his tenth head. His expression may show frustration or pain. Ravana is pictured as multi-armed; however, the number of arms is not fixed and extends up to twenty arms. Generally, his rear or upper arms hold up the mountain, while the lower ones may rest on ground or his knee for support, or may carry weapons in them. He sometimes holds a large sword, alluding to the divine sword granted by Shiva. Other weapons include a shield, a bow, an arrow and a thunderbolt. Ravana may be crouching or kneeling.

</doc>
<doc id="36822843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822843" title="Lakaro">
Lakaro

Lakaro is a village in Safi tehsil, Mohmand Agency, Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="36822846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822846" title="Alliance for Lobbying Transparency">
Alliance for Lobbying Transparency

The Alliance for Lobbying Transparency is a UK-based organisation formed in September 2007 and formally launched in January 2008 and concerned with the influence of lobbying on government decision-making.
The Alliance is also campaigning for a mandatory lobbyists register, while the UK Public Affairs Council is a lobby industry body supporting self-regulation. The UKPAC published its first register in March 2011 and the Alliance was immediately critical, saying an estimated 85-90% of lobbyists were shunning it, and highlighting condemnation by Austin Mitchell MP and others. 
Members.
Alliance members include charities, campaign groups and a trade union.
Some Alliance members are also supporters of a related European initiative, the Alliance for Lobbying Transparency and Ethics Regulation (ALTER-EU), a coalition concerned with corporate lobbyists' influence on the political agenda in Europe.
Funding.
The Alliance has received funding via a grant from the Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust's Power and Responsibility programme, and gets support from coalition members.

</doc>
<doc id="36822853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822853" title="Olivia Breen">
Olivia Breen

Olivia "Livvy" Breen (born 26 July 1996) is a Paralympian athlete from England competing mainly in T38 sprint events. In 2012 she qualified for the 2012 Summer Paralympics, selected for the T38 100m and 200m sprint and is also part of the T35-38 women's relay team.
History.
Breen was born in Guildford in England in 1996. Breen, who has cerebral palsy, began racing while still at primary school. Breen was given her T38 classification in January 2012, allowing her to be brought into contention for Paralympic selection. In June 2012 she competed in the IPC Athletics European Championships in Stadskanaal in the Netherlands, winning the bronze in both the 100m and 200m sprints. She recorded a personal best in the 100m at the European championships, and followed this with a personal best in the 200m sprint at the Diamond League meet at Crystal Palace, London early in July. Her times resulted in a late call up to the Great Britain team for the 2012 Summer Paralympics. She is the youngest member of the Great Britain Paralympic athletics team.
2012 Paralympic Games in London.
Breen competed in London in the T38 100m and 200m sprints, and the first leg of the T35-38 women's relay team.
100m: Breen came fifth in the 100m final with a time of 14.42. The winning time was posted by Margarita Goncharova at 13.45s.
200m: After qualifying as the second fastest runner up, Breen came in eighth in the 200m final with a time of 30.22s.
4x100m relay: Breen (who ran the first leg of the relay final) won a bronze medal with team mates Jenny McLoughlin, Bethy Woodward and Katrina Hart with a time of 56.08s which was a season's best. The final baton change between Hart and McLoughlin was poor as a result of a bump from the Australian athlete in the next lane but the team was judged to have correctly handed the baton moments before the last team member exited the hand-over zone, while in the same race two opposing teams were disqualified, one being the Australian team.

</doc>
<doc id="36822863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822863" title="Mimosa in Australia">
Mimosa in Australia

In Australia, "Mimosa pigra" has been declared a noxious weed or given similar status under various weed or quarantine Acts. It has been ranked as the tenth most problematic weed and is listed on the Weeds of National Significance. It is currently restricted to the Northern Territory where it infests approximately 80,000 hectares of coastal floodplain.
"Mimosa pigra" invades sedgeland and grassland communities on open floodplains, particularly in areas where feral buffalo have removed the vegetation. It forms dense, practically monospecific tall shrubland in which the ground flora is sparse to non-existent. Similarly, it invades the paperbark ("Melaleuca" spp.) swamp forests fringing the floodplains, where it forms a dense understorey, and shades out native tree seedlings.
The common name is mimosa or giant sensitive plant. Other common names include: bashful plant, catclaw mimosa, black mimosa. "Mimosa pigra" can also be confused with "Leucaena leucocephala" (coffee bush), "Aeschynomeme" species and "Sesbania" species, but can be distinguished from this plants by its sensitive leaves, prickles and mauve flowers.
History and distribution.
"Mimosa pigra" was probably introduced in Australia at the Darwin Botanic Gardens in the 20 years prior to 1891, either accidentally in seed samples or as a curiosity, because of its sensitive leaves. Its spread around Darwin over the next 60 years was not particularly conspicuous, until a large infestation was discovered in 1952 at Adelaide River, 100 km south of Darwin. By 1968, it had spread downstream on the Adelaide River to the Marrakai Crossing, and by 1975 had reached the Arnhem Highway bridge. The plant was then well placed to take over the vast floodplains of the Adelaide River. Being low in palatability, it was assisted in establishment by high densities of feral water buffalo, which were heavily overgrazing the floodplains. Moreover, its seed can float, which aided its rapid spread. The population increased dramatically. During the early to mid 1980s, other rivers were colonized, but the rate of establishment has slowed since the late 1980s.
Since the 1950s, "Mimosa pigra" has spread to some of the main river systems in the Top End. It is currently present as far as the Victoria River in the west and the Phelp River (in Arnhem Land) in the east. A mimosa outbreak was discovered near Proserpine, Queensland in February 2001.
In the late 1960s, small infestations of "Mimosa pigra" were identified along the banks of the Adelaide River in the Northern Territory, Australia. Action was taken by the N.T. Agriculture Branch to exterminate it by spraying with Tordon, which was promising to achieve eradication until the N.T government discontinued the work allowing the weed to spread widely and become the N.T's and possibly Australia's worst weed problem.
Importance.
Detrimental.
"Mimosa pigra" is a noxious weed, which has received international recognition because of its existing and potential impact on biological diversity. In Australia it further affects traditional and non-traditional land use, and the sustainability of agriculture and tourism. 
Currently, "Mimosa pigra" has replaced over 80,000 hectares of native vegetation on wetlands in northern Australia. It was further found that "Mimosa pigra" thickets had fewer birds and lizards, less herbaceous vegetation, and fewer tree seedlings than the native vegetation. Furthermore, it is also probable that the magpie goose ("Anseranas semipalmata" (Latham)) is endangered by the spread of this weed, since it needs dense stands of native sedges for nesting and food. Conversely, the rare marsupial mouse "Sminthopsis virginiae" (Tarragon) had become more abundant as a result of "Mimosa pigra". It is probable that other species have been affected as well. 
Traditional methods of food-gathering by Aborigines are threaten by the weed through its effects on the fauna and flora of the wetlands, which are otherwise rich in traditional food such as fish, turtles and water birds. Sacred sites and sites of cultural significance have also been affected.
The dense thickets, by competing with pastures, hindering mustering, and preventing access to water, are a threat to pastoral industries, particularly the buffalo industry, in Australia.
Hence, "Mimosa pigra" affects the pastoral industry through reduced grazing and water resources and increased difficulties in stock management, infrastructure maintenance and feral animal control.
Tourism is also affected through reduced area and access for tourism activities, reduced wildlife attractions and reduced access to fishing, hunting and scenic areas.
Beneficial.
Despite its detrimental impacts, "Mimosa pigra" does have uses. It has been of botanical interest since the 19th century, which led to its introduction and cultivation in botanic gardens outside of its native range. "Mimosa" fixes nitrogen and, in areas of Australia where it grows profusely, it increases soil fertility and redistributes nutrients from the lower soil profile to the surface. This may be beneficial for establishing vegetation after clearing "Mimosa". It is used for firewood, bean-poles and as temporary fences, and has been tested as a medium for growing mushrooms. The harvest of "Mimosa" to extract vegetable tannins and to provide biomass to generate electricity has been proposed under controlled conditions.
Control.
Effective control of "Mimosa" has been difficult because of the extent of infestations, the aggressive nature of the plant and the type of terrain where it occurs.
Fire.
Because of its little grassy understorey in thickets of "M. pigra", it is difficult to destroy infestations with fire. Burning does not prevent resprouting of plants and kills only surface seeds, not buried ones. It may stimulate seed germination due to the removal of seed coats. 
"Mimosa pigra" seedlings are susceptible to competition from grasses.
Hence, Miller has argued that by using herbicides to open the canopy and allow herbaceous vegetation to regrow, fire can then be employed to clear infested areas, with subsequent sowing of competitive pasture species to suppress regeneration from seed.
Chemical control.
Herbicides are widely used to control "Mimosa", especially in Australia. Herbicide should be applied during the active period of growth of the mimosa and before any seed mature (which in Australia is during the wet season). The height and density of "Mimosa" may hinder access, resulting in the need for aerial spraying. However, this increases the risk posed by herbicide drift to non-target plants in the vicinity.
Biological control.
It is recognized that biological control would be the most cost-effective and long-term control method for "Mimosa pigra". Over the last 19 years, 11 insect and 2 fungal species have been released as biological control agents against mimosa.
Six biological control agents are currently established on mimosa in Australia: the twig and stem-mining moths "Neurostrota gunniella" Busck and "Carmenta mimosa" Eichlin & Passoa cause stem and branch death and induce leaf-drop (both were first released in 1989), the flower-weevil "Coelocephalapion pigrae" Kissinger (released in 1994), and the seed-feeding bruchid "Acanthoscelides puniceus" Johnson (released in 1983) are relatively widespread. "Chlamisus mimosae" Karren, a leaf-feeding chrysomelid that was released in 1985 only established on the Finniss River catchment where it inflicts minor damage. The chrysomelid, Malacorhinus irregularis Jacoby, first released in 2000, was released at Beatrice Lagoon in 2001 and established there during the course of recent research 
Three species have only recently been released, the leaf-feeding looper, "Macaria pallidata"
Warren, first released in July 2002, and the two seed-feeding weevils, "Chalcodermus serripes" Fahraeus and "Sibinia fastigiata" Clark. Although the latter were, respectively, first released in 1996 and 1997, difficulties mass-rearing these species prevented large-scale field releases from being made until more recently.
Four species have apparently failed to establish and/or persist: both pathogens,
Phloeospora mimosae-pigrae Evans and Carion and Diabole cubensis (Arthur & J.R. Johnst.); the flower-feeding beetle Coelocephalapion aculeatum Fall; and the seed-feeding bruchid "Acanthoscelides quadridentatus" Schaeffer.
In the long term biocontrol on its own offers the only cost-effective control option for treating very large infestations of mimosa because of the high costs of chemicals, machinery and labour. However, the present biocontrol agents are very slow acting and may provide effective control only after several decades. If more rapid treatment is required, biocontrol should be used in conjunction with mechanical and chemical methods as part of an integrated management plan.

</doc>
<doc id="36822865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822865" title="2012 Copa Venezuela">
2012 Copa Venezuela

The 2012 Copa Venezuela was the 43rd staging of the Copa Venezuela. The winner qualified for the 2013 Copa Sudamericana.

</doc>
<doc id="36822874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822874" title="2009 Danmark Rundt">
2009 Danmark Rundt

The 2009 Danmark Rundt was a men's road bicycle race held from 29 July to 2 August 2009. It was the 19th edition of the men's stage race, which was established in 1985. The race was won by Danish rider Jakob Fuglsang of Team Saxo Bank, making this his second consecutive victory in the race. Maurizio Biondo of Ceramica Flaminia finished second by just three seconds with Roger Hammond of Cervélo third.
Teams.
Fifteen teams took part in the 2009 race. Team Columbia-HTC was due to compete but withdrew as it was unable to field a team.
Final classifications.
Danish rider Jakob Fuglsang won the race by three seconds from Maurizio Biondo after a solo victory in stage 3 on the Kiddersvej climb in Vejle. Although Biondo was able to contest the race on the individual time trial, Fuglsang was able to maintain his lead on the final stage. Roger Hammond was placed third. 
The points winner was Matti Breschel with Troels Vinther the winner of the mountains classification for best climber. Rasmus Guldhammer won the white jersey for the best young rider award and Allan Johansen was awarded the fighters award for the race. Team Saxo Bank won the overall team competition by seven seconds from Cervélo with Team Capinordic in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="36822882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822882" title="Julien Kang">
Julien Kang

Julien Kang () was born 11 April 1982. He is a French-Canadian television actor and model born in Saint Pierre and Miquelon, an overseas French territory off the coast of Canada to a Korean father and a French mother. He is the younger brother of mixed martial artist Denis Kang.
In May 2012, Kang starred opposite Ryu Shi-won as Kang Gu-ra, a rival fighter to Ryu's Seung-hyuk in Channel A's "Goodbye Dear Wife".
Other activities.
On August 18, 2012, Kang was paired with South Korean actress Yoon Se-ah, beginning the transition between season 3 and season 4 of "We Got Married". The virtual couple dubbed KangYoon couple and Juliah couple by fans, moved into House #1 in the new We Got Married Village. Kang was elected as Chief of the WGM Village by the current couples.

</doc>
<doc id="36822889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822889" title="Everest House (Kolkata)">
Everest House (Kolkata)

Everest House is a high-rise located in Kolkata, India. It is located on Jawaharlal Nehru Road.
Details.
Everest House is the second tallest building in the central business district of the city after Chatterjee International Center. It is a commercial building and was built in 1978. This modern building has a total height of in 21 floors. The building houses numerous offices, while the ground floor consists of showrooms.

</doc>
<doc id="36822900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822900" title="Camiguin hawk-owl">
Camiguin hawk-owl

The Camiguin hawk-owl ("Ninox leventisi") is an owl species of the Philippines island Camiguin. It was previously known as a subspecies of the Philippine hawk-owl, but only reclassified in mid-2012, as voice and other evidence suggested it a distinct species.

</doc>
<doc id="36822904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822904" title="1992 Coppa Italia Final">
1992 Coppa Italia Final

The 1992 Coppa Italia Final was the final of the 1991–92 Coppa Italia, the 44th season of the top cup competition in Italian football. The match was played over two legs on 7 May and 14 May 1992 between Juventus and Parma. The final was won by Parma, who claimed their first Coppa Italia title with a 2–1 aggregate victory.

</doc>
<doc id="36822920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822920" title="Andries Pretorius (rugby player)">
Andries Pretorius (rugby player)

Andries Pretorius (born 26 September 1985) is a Wales international rugby union player and captain of the Cardiff Blues in the Pro 12 league. He preferably plays at Number 8, but has also played at Blindside Flanker and in the Second Row.
International.
Pretorius was born in South Africa and he became eligible to play for Wales through residency on 1 December 2012, and expressed his hope to do so. In January 2013 he was selected in the 35 man Wales squad for the 2013 Six Nations championship.
In May 2013 he was selected in the Wales national rugby union team 32 man training squad for the summer 2013 tour to Japan. He made his international debut against Japan on 8 June 2013

</doc>
<doc id="36822925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822925" title="Spanish expeditionary army (Spanish American independence) order of battle">
Spanish expeditionary army (Spanish American independence) order of battle

Viceroyalty of New Spain.
Defense of San Juan de Ulúa (1821-1825).
San Juan de Ulúa 1821 - 1825 

</doc>
<doc id="36822936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822936" title="Franklin Center (disambiguation)">
Franklin Center (disambiguation)

Franklin Center may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36822955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822955" title="Media culture">
Media culture

In cultural studies, media culture refers to the current western capitalist society that emerged and developed from the 20th century, under the influence of mass media. The term alludes to the overall impact and intellectual guidance exerted by the media (primarily TV, but also the press, radio and cinema), not only on public opinion but also on tastes and values.
The alternative term mass culture conveys the idea that such culture emerges spontaneously from the masses themselves, like popular art did before the 20th century. The expression media culture, on the other hand, conveys the idea that such culture is the product of the mass media. Another alternative term for media culture is "image culture."
Media culture, with its declinations of advertising and public relations, is often considered as a system centered on the manipulation of the mass of society. Corporate media "are used primarily to represent and reproduce dominant ideologies." Prominent in the development of this perspective has been the word of Theodor Adorno since the 1940s. Media culture is associated with consumerism, and in this sense called alternatively "consumer culture."
Definitions.
The news media mines the work of scientists and scholars and conveys it to the general public, often emphasizing elements that have inherent appeal or the power to amaze. For instance, giant pandas (a species in remote Chinese woodlands) have become well-known items of popular culture; parasitic worms, though of greater practical importance, have not. Both scholarly facts and news stories get modified through popular transmission, often to the point of outright falsehoods.
Hannah Arendt's 1961 essay "The Crisis in Culture" suggested that a "market-driven media would lead to the displacement of culture by the dictates of entertainment." Susan Sontag argues that in our culture, the most "...intelligible, persuasive values are drawn from the entertainment industries", which has spelt the "undermining of standards of seriousness." As a result, "tepid, the glib, and the senselessly cruel" topics are becoming the norm.
Some critics argue that popular culture is “dumbing down”: "newspapers that once ran foreign news now feature celebrity gossip, pictures of scantily dressed young ladies... television has replaced high-quality drama with gardening, cookery, and other “lifestyle” programmes reality TV and asinine soaps," to the point that people are constantly immersed in trivia about celebrity culture.
Since the 1950s, television has been the main medium for molding public opinion. In Rosenberg and White's book "Mass Culture", MacDonald argues that "Popular culture is a debased, trivial culture that voids both the deep realities (sex, death, failure, tragedy) and also the simple spontaneous pleasures... The masses, debauched by several generations of this sort of thing, in turn come to demand trivial and comfortable cultural products." Van den Haag argues that "all mass media in the end alienate people from personal experience and though appearing to offset it, intensify their moral isolation from each other, from the reality and from themselves."
Critics have lamented the "replacement of high art and authentic folk culture by tasteless industrialised artefacts produced on a mass scale in order to satisfy the lowest common denominator." This "mass culture emerged after the Second World War and have led to the concentration of mass-culture power in ever larger global media conglomerates." The popular press decreased the amount of news or information and replaced it with entertainment or titillation that reinforces "fears, prejudice, scapegoating processes, paranoia, and aggression."
Critics of television and film have argued that the quality of TV output has been diluted as stations pursue ratings by focusing on the "glitzy, the superficial, and the popular". In film, "Hollywood culture and values" are increasingly dominating film production in other countries. Hollywood films have changed from creating formulaic films which emphasize "shock-value and superficial thrilland the use of special effects, with themes that focus on the "basic instincts of aggression, revenge, violence, [and greed." The plots "often seem simplistic, a standardized template taken from the shelf, and dialogue is minimal." The "characters are shallow and unconvincing, the dialogue is also simple, unreal, and badly constructed."
Media culture through religion.
Media culture, in its mass marketing, has been compared to the role of religions in the past. It has been considered as taking the place of the old traditional religions. The waves of enthusiasm and fervent exaltation for a given product, a characteristic consumerist phenomenon, has been equipared to the "ecstasies of the convulsions and miracles of the old religious fetishism".
Conversely, the Catholic Church, the dominant religion in the Western world, has been considered retrospectively as an antecedent and sophisticated form of Public relations, advertising and Multinational corporation, selling its product to a mass of worshipers/consumers.

</doc>
<doc id="36822995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822995" title="Hamburg temple model">
Hamburg temple model

The Hamburg temple model is a baroque architectural model of the Temple of Solomon. It covers an area of about and is made from wood. It is square, with four wings and nine courtyards, two of them in the central axis.
It was made from 1680 to 1692 after being commissioned by the Hamburg senator and founder and director of the Hamburg Opera, Gerhard Schott. The model was first exhibited at the Hamburg Opera. After his death, Schott's heirs put the model up for sale in London, where it was acquired by an agent of Frederick Augustus I, King of Poland. In 1732 it was taken to Dresden, where it was shown as part of the collection of Jewish ceremonial art. After the restructuring of this collection in the early 19th Century the model had several owners, before being acquired by the Hamburgmuseum in 1910.
Schott's model is in the tradition of many Renaissance and Baroque attempts at reconstruction of the temple by theological and architectural scholars. The Hamburg-based model closely follows an interpretation by the Spanish Jesuit Juan Bautista Villalpando in 1604, in turn, based on the Third Temple described in the Book of Ezekiel.
The reason the expensive and complex model was commissioned is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36822998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36822998" title="Agam (band)">
Agam (band)

Agam is a Bangalore-based contemporary Carnatic progressive rock band. The band was formed in the year 2003. The current lineup consists of Harish Sivaramakrishnan (vocals and violin), Ganesh Ram Nagarajan (drums and backing vocals), Swamy Seetharaman (keyboards and lyricist), T Praveen Kumar (lead guitar), Vignesh Lakshminarayanan (bass guitar and backing vocals), Sivakumar Nagarajan (ethnic percussions), and Jagadish Natarajan (rhythm guitar). Jagadish replaced Suraj Satheesh as the rhythm guitarist in 2012 but the lineup of the band has otherwise remained same.
Early years and Band formation.
Formation.
All the band members are from South India, and a majority of them studied at Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani. There Harish and Ganesh started off with short jamming sessions and continued with it even after graduation, which eventually led to the formation of the band.
Early years (2003-2007).
Agam received its big break in the year 2007 when it participated in a band hunt called “Ooh la la la,” hosted by the Tamil television channel Sun TV. The competition was judged by the Oscar winning Indian music composer A. R. Rahman. Rahman was impressed by the band’s potential and adjudged them one of the winners of the contest. Their success in “Ooh la la la” brought them into mainstream and they performed in concerts and music festivals in South Indian cities like Bangalore, Chennai, and Hyderabad.
Mainstream (2007-).
Post-2010, Agam started gaining more popularity nationwide and played in several high profile music festivals such as the Chennai Sangamam, the MAD Festival (where they played alongside several distinguished bands such as The Raghu Dixit Project, Indian Ocean, Avial, Motherjane, Soulmate, Swarathma), the Fireflies Festival, Octoberfest, and the Storm Festival. The band has also played at venues such as Hard Rock Café, both at Hyderabad and Bangalore, and Kyra, Bangalore They have also performed at college fests such as Symbhav in Symbiosis Law School, Pune and all three campuses of BITS-Pilani in India.
Apart from these, Agam has also performed in many charitable events.
Agam has also been featured in other television channels. Their well-known performances includes the one for the entertainment channel Rosebowl. They also performed in the second season of Coke Studio (India) which started on July 7, 2012. The band performed in the final episode of the season, which has only the performances of independent music producers.
Music Style.
Agam's musical style is Carnatic Progressive Rock. Their music is a blend of Carnatic music and Rock. The band draws inspirations from Traditional Carnatic music and progressive rock acts like Dream Theater. Their logo is inspired by the folk art Theyyam of North Kerala.
Collaborations.
Agam has collaborated with many individual musicians over the course of 5 years. Among them was their collaboration with acclaimed Indian playback singer Shreya Ghoshal for a song titled "Live Again". Aimed at raising public awareness for breast cancer, the song was well received. 
Agam has also collaborated with the Karnataka flautist Sandeep Vasishta for one of its tracks “More Balma.” They also collaborated with flautist Annada Prasanna Pattanaik, popularly known as Butto, for their tracks "Live Again" and "Searching for Heavens".
Debut Album.
Agam released its debut album - "The Inner Self awakens" in October 2012 at Hard Rock Cafe, Bangalore. The album went on to become the top selling album on Flipkart's flyte as well as on Oklisten.com. 

</doc>
<doc id="36823006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823006" title="Tørres Christensen">
Tørres Christensen

Tørres Christensen (10 May 1664 – 15 February 1721) was a Norwegian merchant, landowner and ship owner. He was born at Nedenes in Øyestad in current Arendal. He settled in Mandal in 1687, where he married Karen Mortensdatter, daughter of the leading merchant of the town. After the death of his father-in-law in 1691, Christensen took over the business in Mandal. He also expanded by establishing as a merchant and shipowner in Kristiansand. During the Great Northern War (1700–) he controlled large parts of the timber trade from Mandalen. He died in Mandal in 1721.

</doc>
<doc id="36823011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823011" title="Vietnam's Got Talent (season 2)">
Vietnam's Got Talent (season 2)

The second season of "Vietnam's Got Talent", a Vietnamese reality television talent show, was aired Sunday nights in the prime time slot of 8:00PM (UTC+7) starting from December 2, 2012 on VTV3 and MTV Vietnam. The show is based on the "Got Talent" series format, which was originated by Simon Cowell in the United Kingdom.
All three judges from the first season, Thành Lộc, Thúy Hạnh and Huy Tuấn, returned. Thanh Bạch replaced Quyền Linh and Chi Bảo as presenter.
The show was primarily produced by Vietnam Television and BHD Corp, with additional broadcasting by MTV Vietnam. The performance shows were aired Sundays on VTV3.
Auditions.
Auditions were initially held in 9 major cities.
Process.
Semi-final rounds.
In 3 February Top 49, the lowest vote will be on Asia's Got Talent
News in March 17, 5th, 6th, 7th Semi-final at 20:30 on VTV2
The acts are listed of chronological appearance.
1st Semi-final (February 03–05).
Judges' vote (between Nguyễn Công Đạt & Oxy)
2nd Semi-final (February 24–26).
Judges' vote (between Kran Jan & Free Style)
3rd Semi-final (March 03–05).
Judges' vote (between Thanh Phong Martial Art & Trần Trọng Tân)
4th Semi Final (March 10–12).
Judges' vote (between Tô Mạnh Linh & Lý Bằng)
5th Semi Final (March 17-19).
Judges' vote (between HFO & Nguyễn Hải Lam)
6th Semi-final (March 24-26).
Judges' vote (between Cao Hà Đức Anh & Lương Hồng Khánh An)
7th Semi-final (March 31-April 02).
Judges' vote (between Huỳnh Văn Sáu & Nguyễn Thị Huyền Trang)
Final rounds.
The Final rounds consisted of 14 acts from the semi-final rounds spread out over two shows aired on 7 and 14 April 2013
Final round 1 (April 07).
The 1st final round was aired on April 07, 2013, filmed in BHD Studio in district 9 of Ho Chi Minh city.
Final round 2 (April 14).
The 2nd final round was aired on April 14, 2013, filmed in BHD Studio in district 9 of Ho Chi Minh city.
Grand Finale.
The Grand Finale consisted of the top 4 performance from the final rounds and was aired live on 21 April 2013 from Lan Anh stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36823014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823014" title="Sciascinoso">
Sciascinoso

Sciascinoso is a variety of red grape from Campania in the south of Italy.
The clusters and berries are large. The cluster is slightly conical or cylindrical. It produces very colourful wines which are drunk within a year. It is usually blended with Piedirosso and Aglianico wines. About 440 hectares were under cultivation in 1999. Sciascinoso is used to make red Lacryma Christi wine.
Ampelographic characteristics.
The growing tip is open, fluffy, with a slightly reddish tinge. The whitish young leaves are also hairy. The medium to large leaves are lobed and strongly sinuate. The petiole sinus is U-shaped. The serrated blade is sharp. In autumn, the leaves change colour orange to deep red. The cone- or cylinder-shaped grape clusters are large. The oval berries are medium in size and the colour ranges from deep blue to violet. 
The Sciascinoso ripens late, about 30 to 35 days after the Chasselas varietal.
Synonyms.
The Sciascinoso is also known as Avellinese, Cascolo, Cascolone, Foscopeloso, Livella, Livellone, Olivella, Olivella Bastarda, Olivella Bastardo, Olivellone, Sancinoso, Sancionosa, Sanginoso, Sangionoso, Sanguinosa, Sarcinosa, Sciascinoso, Sciascinuso, Sciasconoso, Strascinatolo, Strascinuso, Uva Di Avellino, Uva Di S. Severino, Uva Pane Rossa, and Uva Sanseverino.

</doc>
<doc id="36823015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823015" title="King George V Playing Fields, Totteridge">
King George V Playing Fields, Totteridge

King George V Playing Fields is an area of playing fields of approximately 14 acres in Totteridge in the London Borough of Barnet. It is located south east of the junction of Barnet Lane and Dollis Brook.
Following the death of King George V in 1936 the King George's Fields Foundation was established to give grants for the establishment of playing fields. The Totteridge fields were originally the third largest of all King George's Fields at 93 acres, and the Foundation gave a grant of £3,000 towards the total capital cost of £62,335. The rules of the Foundation required permanent preservation of the area as a King George's Field as a memorial to the king, but less than a fifth of the original size remains.
The "Master Atlas of Greater London" shows King George's Fields extending west across Barnet Lane into what is now a farmer's field, and there used to be two 'King George's Fields' logos on stone plinths in the entrance to the field, but in 2012 the plinths were vandalised and the logos removed. North of the current King George's Fields is an area of public open space called Barnet Playing Fields, an area of 72 acres laid out in 1926. It is unclear whether this was ever part of King George's Fields.

</doc>
<doc id="36823023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823023" title="1721 in Norway">
1721 in Norway

Events in the year 1721 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36823024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823024" title="Laurence Halsted">
Laurence Halsted

Laurence Halsted (born 22 May 1984) is a British fencer, also known by his teammates as "The Kingslayer" due to his uncanny resemblance to HBO actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's team foil event, where in the first round the Great Britain team beat the Egyptian team, but lost in the quarter final to Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36823083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823083" title="SecA">
SecA

The SecA protein is a cell membrane associated subunit of the eubacterial Sec or Type II secretory pathway, a system which is responsible for the secretion of proteins through the cell membrane. Within this system SecA has the functional properties of an ATPase and is required to empower the movement of the protein substrate across the translocon channel.
The translocase system encompasses an array of proteins which are functionally centred around the translocon channel which mediates the export of proteins across the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane and the insertion of membrane proteins into it. Regardless of the chosen targeting route, preprotein eventually reach the cytoplasmic membrane and make contact with the translocase. This translocase consists out of the peripheral membrane ATPase SecA and the translocon membrane channel composed out of the proteins SecY, SecE, and SecG. Conformational changes within the SecA structure are the effect of its ATP-hydrolyzing behaviour and possibly lead to the stepwise export of the preprotein substrate through the SecYEG channel.
Structure.
SecA is a complex protein which structure consists out of six characterized domains that can explain SecA’s capabilities to bind substrates and to move them. The following five domains seem to be present in all SecA proteins that have been structurally analyzed so far.
DEAD motor domain.
This amino acid domain is subdivided into the two nucleotide binding folds 1 and 2 (NBF1 and NBF2) where ATP is bound and hydrolyzed. The chemical energy from the phosphodiester bonds results in a conformational change which is transferred to other domains (especially the HWD and the PPXD domains) which consequently mechanically move the preprotein across the membrane. However, these conformational changes are partly regulated by other protomer domains described below.
C-terminal linker domain.
The capability to bind to the SecB chaperone during post-translational translocation and to bind the phospholipid bilayer is important for SecA functioning and is achieved by the C-terminal linker domain.
Helical wing domain (HWD).
Located at the C-terminal portion of the molecule, this domain is in contact with the HSD and PPXD domains. Likely it plays a role in transferring molecular conformational motion, which it receives from HSD and which originates from ATP hydrolysis in the DEAD motor domain, to the PPXD domain.
Peptide cross linking domain (PPXD).
Since SecA’s essential function is the transport of preprotein across the membrane the ability to actually bind preprotein must be given. The PPXD domain fulfils this function upon substrate binding.
Helical scaffold domain (HSD).
This domain lies in the center of the SecA protomer and contacts via α-helical interactions all other subdomains. In addition it contains the intramolecular regulator of ATP hydrolysis 1 (IRA1) subdomain which seems to prevent unwanted ATP hydrolysis when SecA is not bound to SecYEG. Together with IRA1, a conserved salt bridge called Gate 1 might function to prevent unnecessary conformational change. Gate 1 seems to functionally connect the nucleotide (ATP) binding site of the DEAD motor domain with the PPXD domain which results in regulation of ATP hydrolysis only upon preprotein binding. However, this coordinative behaviour has only been shown to occur when SecA is bound to SecYEG.

</doc>
<doc id="36823087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823087" title="New York Mining Disaster 1941 (EP)">
New York Mining Disaster 1941 (EP)

"New York Mining Disaster 1941" was released on Spin Records by the Bee Gees in 1967. It was their second EP and, like their first EP, was released only in Australia. All of the songs on this EP were originally released on their third LP "Bee Gees' 1st".
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Robin Gibb and Barry Gibb.

</doc>
<doc id="36823102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823102" title="Robin MacPherson">
Robin MacPherson

Robin MacPherson (born 1959, Glasgow, Scotland) is Professor of Screen Media at Edinburgh Napier University, director of Screen Academy Scotland (a Creative Skillset Film Academy partnership with Edinburgh College of Art) and of the Institute for Creative Industries at Edinburgh Napier.
Educated at Garthamlock Secondary School, Glasgow, and at the University of Stirling he entered the film and television industry in 1989 as a producer at Edinburgh Film Workshop Trust where he made documentary, current affairs and drama including the BAFTA-nominated half-hour drama, "The Butterfly Man". In 1997, he established Asylum Pictures, an independent production company whose films include the Scottish-BAFTA nominated documentary, "Tree Fellers", and (as co-producer) the award-winning "Fellini: I'm a born liar".
After two years as Development Executive at Scottish Screen in 2002 he joined Edinburgh Napier University where, in 2005, he became the first Director of Screen Academy Scotland. Since 2008 he has led ENGAGE, an EU MEDIA-funded collaboration with the Irish, Estonian and Finnish national film schools.
In 2010 he was appointed by the Scottish Government to the Board of Creative Scotland. The following year he was appointed as Director of the Institute for Creative Industries at Edinburgh Napier University. In April 2011 he joined the Board of Creative Edinburgh.

</doc>
<doc id="36823135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823135" title="Khek Khemrin">
Khek Khemrin

Khek Khemrin (born 1 October 1992) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for National Defense Ministry in the Cambodian League and the Cambodia national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36823149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823149" title="Tum Saray">
Tum Saray

Tum Saray (born 10 July 1992) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for Svay Rieng in the Cambodian League and the Cambodia national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36823157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823157" title="Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 7">
Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 7

Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 7 is a historic lock and dam complex located at East Franklin Township, Pennsylvania and Kittanning in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. It was built between 1928 and 1930 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, and consists of the lock, dam, esplanade, and Operations Building. The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet, and has a lift of 13.0 feet. The dam measures approximately 20 feet high and 916 feet long. The Operations Building, or powerhouse, is a utilitarian two-story building in a vernacular early-20th century revival style. The lock and dam were built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as a part of an extensive system of locks and dams to improve navigation along the Allegheny River.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36823162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823162" title="Victoria Duval">
Victoria Duval

Victoria Duval (born November 30, 1995) is a Haitian American professional tennis player. She plays right-handed, with a two-handed backhand. Her career-high singles ranking is no. 92, achieved on July 7, 2014. Her career-high doubles ranking is no. 404 achieved on June 16, 2014. Her coach is Nick Bollettieri.
Early life.
Duval was born in Miami and spent some of her childhood in Haiti, including time training at the JOTAC Tennis Academy in Port-au-Prince. While living in Port-au-Prince, Duval was robbed at gunpoint and held hostage at her aunt's house at the age of 7. Victoria's mother gave up her neonatal practice and moved Victoria and her two brothers to south Florida. Her father stayed behind to continue the gynecology and obstetrics practice he had helped build in Port-au-Prince.
To continue improving Vicky's tennis game, Nadine moved with her to Atlanta. It was here that she worked with coach Brian de Villiers, at the Racquet Club of the South. In January 2010, Vicky was training in Atlanta when a terrible earthquake struck Haiti and her father was trapped under collapsing walls outside his home for 11 hours. After he regained consciousness he was able to dig himself out of the rubble. His legs were broken, his left arm was crushed, he had seven fractured ribs puncturing his lungs, and an infection spreading throughout his body. He survived an emergency operation in his own backyard. A wealthy Atlanta family connected to the tennis club donated enough money to have him airlifted to a Fort Lauderdale hospital.
Career.
2012.
Duval kicked off her 2012 season in May with a 10K ITF tournament in Sumter, South Carolina. She reached the final of the tournament, losing only one set in the first round against second seed Elizabeth Ferris. Appearing in her first professional singles final, she was defeated by Louisa Chirico, 4–6, 3–6. The following week, she remained in South Carolina for another 10K event in Hilton Head Island, where she lost in the quarterfinals. Duval then took a break from the pro circuit to play the Under 18 USTA National Championships. Seeded 17th, she beat Monica Lin, 6–0, 6–1 in the first round. She went on to beat Alexandria Chatt, 6–0, 6–3 in the next round. With two more straight-set wins and two tougher tests, Duval made the final against Alexandra Kiick, whom she beat, 3–6, 6–1, 6–0, to claim the title. Due to her winning the nationals, she was awarded a wildcard into the main draw of the senior US Open. However, she lost to former world No. 1 and three-time champion Kim Clijsters, 3–6, 1–6, in the first round. Duval was also given a wildcard for the main draw of the junior tournament, where she beat Russian Varvara Flink, 7–5, 6–0, in the first round. In the second round, she drew third seed and junior 2012 Wimbledon champion Eugenie Bouchard, and defeated her 2–6, 6–1, 6–4, the biggest upset of the girls tournament to that point. She backed up this win by defeating Kathinka von Deichmann of Liechtenstein 6–2, 6–2 to advance to the quarterfinals of a Grand Slam for the first time. In the quarterfinals, she upset ninth seed Anna Danilina 6–3, 3–6, 6–2. However, her run came to an end in the semifinals when she was defeated by twelfth seed Anett Kontaveit 6–2, 7–6(7–4).
2013.
After qualifying for the US Open, Duval won her first-round match by a score of 5–7, 6–4, 6–4 against Top 15 player and the 2011 US Open champion Samantha Stosur in what was a major upset. In the second round Duval lost to Daniela Hantuchová 2-6, 3-6.
2014.
At Wimbledon, she won all three qualifying matches and defeated 29th seed Sorana Cîrstea in 3 sets in the first round. She lost to fellow rising star Belinda Bencic in the second round. Duval was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma during the tournament, and announced a break from the tour to undergo treatment. Duval discovered she had cancer after winning her first round match in qualifying at Wimbledon; she went on to win three more matches before eventually losing. On July 7th, Duval made her debut in the world top 100, at number 92.
Personal life.
She has a very distinctive, high-pitched voice. 
Head-to-head vs. top 20 ranked players.
Duval's win-loss record (1-0, 100%) against players who were ranked world no. 20 or higher when played is as follows: <br>"Players who have been ranked World No. 1 are in boldface."
Singles performance timeline.
"This table is current through 2014 Australian Open

</doc>
<doc id="36823165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823165" title="Mark Pagel">
Mark Pagel

Mark David Pagel FRS is a Professor and head of the Evolutionary Biology Group at the University of Reading.
Education.
Pagel was educated at the University of Washington where he was awarded a PhD in Mathematics in 1980 for work on ridge regression.
Research.
Pagel's interests include evolution and the development of languages.
Pagel was the editor-in-chief for the "Encyclopedia of Evolution" published in 2002. and the author of the 2012 book "Wired for Culture: The Natural History of Human Cooperation".
Awards and honours.
Pagel was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2011. His nomination reads: 

</doc>
<doc id="36823183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823183" title="Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 8">
Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 8

Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 8 is a historic lock and dam complex located at Boggs Township and Washington Township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. It was built between 1929 and 1931 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, and consists of the lock, dam, esplanade, and Operations Building. The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet, and has a lift of 17.8 feet. The dam measures approximately 50 feet high and 916 feet long; a three foot addition was built on top of the dam in 1937. The Operations Building, or powerhouse, is a utilitarian two-story building in a vernacular early-20th century revival style. The lock and dam were built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as a part of an extensive system of locks and dams to improve navigation along the Allegheny River.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36823185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823185" title="Quadratically closed field">
Quadratically closed field

In mathematics, a quadratically closed field is a field in which every element of the field has a square root in the field.
Quadratic closure.
A quadratic closure of a field "F" is a quadratically closed field which embeds in any other quadratically closed field containing "F". A quadratic closure for any given "F" may be constructed as a subfield of the algebraic closure "F"alg of "F", as the union of all quadratic extensions of "F" in "F"alg.

</doc>
<doc id="36823187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823187" title="Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 9">
Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 9

Allegheny River Lock and Dam No. 9 is a historic lock and dam complex located at Madison Township and Washington Township in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. It was built between 1935 and 1938 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, and includes the lock, dam, steel miter gates, and Operations Building. The lock measures 56 feet by 360 feet, and has a lift of 22 feet. The dam measures approximately 60 feet high and 918 feet long. The Operations Building, or powerhouse, is a utilitarian two-story building in a vernacular early-20th century revival style. The lock and dam were built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as a part of an extensive system of locks and dams to improve navigation along the Allegheny River.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36823203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823203" title="True the Vote">
True the Vote

True the Vote (TTV) is a conservative vote-monitoring organization based out of Houston, Texas whose stated objective is stopping voter fraud. It trains volunteers to be election monitors and to spot and bring attention to suspicious voter registrations that its volunteers believe delegitimize voter eligibility. The organization's tag line is "If you see something at the polls that just doesn't seem right, record it," and it also holds local rallies to promote what it views as voter-fraud prevention legislation such as voter ID laws. True the Vote's current president is Catherine Engelbrecht.
Americans for Prosperity and other Republican-leaning independent groups have sponsored meetings featuring speakers from the group, including Engelbrecht. The progressive Internet outlet Talking Points Memo has criticized True the Vote for engaging in what it says is caging, voter intimidation, and advancing statements about the pervasiveness of voter fraud that it says are unfounded. In 2012, Democratic Congressman Elijah Cummings opened an investigation into the organization. In May 2013, it was revealed that True the Vote was among the conservative groups subjected to additional scrutiny by the IRS in applying for tax-exempt status.
History.
True the Vote is an offshoot of the King Street Patriots, a nonprofit Tea Party organization founded by Engelbrecht and mostly active in Texas. Several members of the King Street Patriots, including Engelbrecht, its president, were dissatisfied with the voting process in Harris County, Texas during the 2008 election, especially the shortage of poll workers, which they believed "invited fraud and other problems at the polls," and founded the second group in summer 2009.
Position.
True the Vote's website runs stories on election fraud being perpetrated by "liberals" and "Democrats". The organization maintains a list of "stories of voter fraud", including two videos featuring J. Christian Adams.
2010 election cycle.
In August 2010, Harris County Voter Registrar Leo Vasquez told ABC news (Houston affiliate KTRK), "We have evidence indicating violations of the Texas election code, falsified documents being submitted to this governmental office and possibly violations of federal election laws." His office's investigation found 1,597 instances of multiple applications for the same voter, 1,014 applications for folks already registered to vote, 325 for teenagers who are too young to register and 25 from folks who admitted on the application they are not even US citizens.
Vasquez said the applications were all gathered by paid deputies with the group Houston Votes. Of the 25,000 applications the group filed in the last three months (June, July, August 2010), only 7,193 were actually for new voters.
True the Vote's activities during the 2010 election cycle were largely confined to Harris County, Texas. True the Vote asserts that it uncovered numerous examples of voter fraud, stating, for example: "Vacant lots had several voters registered on them. An eight-bed halfway house had more than 40 voters registered at its address." During the election, the Texas Democratic Party accused True the Vote of voter intimidation in largely Hispanic and African-American polling areas.
2011-12 Wisconsin recall effort.
In 2012, True the Vote joined several other Tea Party groups in "Verify the Recall", an effort that opposed the attempted recall of Wisconsin governor Scott Walker in the Wisconsin gubernatorial recall election. True the Vote provided software that it had previously applied to check signatures in petitions in Texas. In order to electronically check over 1 million petition signatures, which had previously been posted online by the Wisconsin Government Accountability Board, True the Vote recruited 17,000 volunteers (mostly out of state) to manually enter signatures into True the Vote's electronic database. True the Vote says it recruited over 13,000 volunteers. True the Vote's website has run at least two stories suggesting that fraud is "rampant" in the recall effort, and frame the effort as decidedly political, saying that "we should not believe the claims of union-supporters and anti-Walker operatives who say that they collected more than one million signatures on petitions to recall Governor Scott Walker.".
On February 28, Walker called for the data gathered by the "Verify the Recall" effort to be used as an official challenge of the recall. This information was gathered and compiled entirely by True the Vote. True the Vote's executive summary contended that only 534,865 signatures gathered during the recall effort were valid. There is evidence that True the Vote used a flawed process to discount signatures on the ballot, and that most of the signatures it discounted are, in fact, accurate.
In the days before the June 5, 2012 recall election, True the Vote announced that it would be training volunteers to monitor polling places throughout Wisconsin, both online and at a small number of locations throughout the state True the Vote stated that hundreds of people showed up for training and later monitored the polls in Wisconsin, and that these monitors were necessary because of "discrepancies" in the recall petition process as well as "Wisconsin’s long history of election fraud." True the Vote pledged to man every polling place in Wisconsin on the day of the recall election, which drew sharp criticism from the Barret campaign.
Throughout the Wisconsin recall, True the Vote worked in concert with a group of local Tea Party groups including the "Wisconsin Grandsons of Liberty" and "We the People of the Republic", which helped True the Vote launch its recall signature verification efforts. True the Vote's efforts during the recall election itself were conducted with an unnamed group of tea party organizations throughout Wisconsin.
Congressional investigation, 2012~.
In October 2012, Rep. Elijah Cummings, a Maryland Democrat initiated an investigation into alleged voter suppression by True the Vote. Cummings wrote a letter to Engelbrecht, raising questions about voter challenges in Ohio, North Carolina, Wisconsin and Maryland. He indicated that if the efforts to challenge voter registrations were "intentional, politically motivated and widespread across multiple states, they could amount to a criminal conspiracy to deny legitimate voters their constitutional rights." In February 2014, True The Vote filed complaints against Mr. Cummings including charges of ethics violations after IRS emails released by the House Oversight Committee showed staff working for Democratic Ranking Member Elijah Cummings communicated with the IRS multiple times between 2012 and 2013 about voter fraud prevention group True the Vote. Prior to this revelation, Cummings had maintained that at no time was he nor his staff in communication with IRS officials regarding True the Vote. Information contained within the emails show that the IRS and Cummings' staff asked for nearly identical information from True the Vote President Catherine Engelbrecht about her organization, implying coordination and improper sharing between the two groups of confidential taxpayer information.
2012 alleged forgery of signatures in Ohio.
In 2012, True the Vote applied to the Franklin County Board of Elections to place polling observers in Columbus area districts with large African-American populations. A November 6, 2012, news report in the Cleveland Leader stated that the FCBOE in Ohio had "determined" five of the six signatures on the application were likely forged. Because this type of fraud is a fifth degree felony, the FCBOE declared that an investigation will be conducted after the election.
Catherine Engelbrecht responded to the allegations by saying that the signatures on the initial form were genuine, and, following Franklin County instructions, were copied onto subsequent forms. She said that prior to the placement of observers, the candidates rescinded their approval following threats of lawsuits. She said that the allegation of forgery was "blatant slander", and that William Anthony, the director of the FCBOE, was formerly the chairman of the county Democratic Party. She requested that Anthony release the timeline of events surrounding the allegations and clarify whether there was any coordination with the Democratic Party.
Other activity, 2011-12.
On December 13, 2011, it held a rally in Austin, Texas to support a stricter ID law passed earlier that year. 
The organization held a national summit in Houston largely centered on charges of voter fraud. Speakers included ACORN "whistle-blower" Anita Moncrief, Hans Von Spakovsky of the Heritage Foundation, who insisted that "United States has a long history of voter fraud that has been documented by historians and journalists," and Fox News contributor Pat Caddell, who called opposition to voter ID Laws "the demise of our democracy" and "Slow motion suicide.”
2013.
In February 2013, True the Vote filed a federal lawsuit against St. Lucie County elections supervisor Gertrude Walker in Florida, claiming that she had failed to turn over public records related to the US House of Representatives election race between Allen West (R) and Patrick Murphy (D): The latter had won by a margin of 2,429 votes. They stated that withholding the documents violated the 1993 Motor Voter Law, which grants them permission to "publicly inspect and examine all voter registration and election records" in question.
In May 2013, it was revealed that True the Vote was one of the conservative groups subjected to additional scrutiny by the IRS in applying for tax-exempt status. True the Vote told Breitbart.com that new revelations that the IRS was discriminating in 2012 against conservative non-profits came as no shock to them. "We applied for nonprofit C-3 status early in 2010," said Catherine Engelbrecht, president of True the Vote, which has come under heavy assault from the Left for alleged voter suppression. "Since that time the IRS has run us through a gauntlet of analysts and hundreds of questions over and over again. They've requested to see each and every tweet I've ever tweeted or Facebook post I've ever posted. They also asked to know every place I've ever spoken since our inception and to whom, and everywhere I intend to speak in the future. We've met all requirements, responded to everything, and provided case law in such areas where appropriate," Engelbrecht stated. "The IRS treatment of us lends to the appearance of a politically motivated abuse of power and an assault on free speech."
According to the "National Review," since founding True the Vote, Engelbrecht and her husband say they and their business, Engelbrecht Manufacturing, have also been investigated by the FBI, ATF, and OSHA. Englebrecht says she "absolutely" thinks she was targeted because she "worked against voter fraud."
In July 2013, "Mother Jones" said that they obtained documents indicating that Engelbrecht was a member of the Groundswell Group, a conservative group of journalists and activists that meet secretly to stay consistent on messaging. The group includes Virginia Thomas, wife of US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, and John Bolton, former US Ambassador to the United Nations, along with journalists from the "National Review," Breitbart News, and the "Washington Examiner."
2014.
On February 6, 2014, Engelbrecht testified before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee at a hearing about the IRS's targetings. She alleged that ranking member Elijah Cummings had acted to "demonize and intimidate" her organization by sending it letters that duplicated IRS requests and by appearing on cable news to "publicly defame" her and True the Vote. Based on those allegations, Engelbrecht filed a formal ethics complaint against Cummings.

</doc>
<doc id="36823205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823205" title="New Brunswick Route 565">
New Brunswick Route 565

Route 565 is a long north-south looping secondary highway in the western portion of New Brunswick, Canada. 
The route starts at Route 105 in Upper Kent on the west bank of the Saint John River. The road travels east through a mostly forested area past Maplehurst and Moose Mountain Lake before turning south and passing by Halls Corner, Holmesville, and Johnsville. The road passes through Giberson Settlement where it begins to slowly turn southwest. As the road enters the community of Bath, it is known as "Mechanic Street". Route 565 ends at Route 105 in Bath.

</doc>
<doc id="36823214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823214" title="Royal Cup NLB Montenegro">
Royal Cup NLB Montenegro

The Royal Cup NLB Montenegro is a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor clay courts. The event is classified as a $25,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament. It has been held in Podgorica, Montenegro, since 2004. It was previously a $50,000 event on the circuit but was downgraded to a $25,000 in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36823226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823226" title="The Traffickers">
The Traffickers

The Traffickers () is a 2012 South Korean crime thriller starring Im Chang-jung, Choi Daniel, Oh Dal-su and Jo Yoon-hee. It takes place in six hours on a passenger boat with an ongoing black-market organ-trafficking operation, and a desperate husband out to find his missing wife. 
Plot.
After his best friend dies in an unexpected accident, black market dealer Young-gyu decides to wash his hands off his illegal activities and start a new life with his girlfriend Yu-ri. But his dream stalls when he learns that Yu-ri needs money for her father's surgery. To help her out, Young-gyu decides to do the job one last time. His smuggling ring operates out of a boat that runs between Korea and China, picking victims from its voyager pool and harvesting their organs. 
Meanwhile, a married couple, Sang-ho and Chae-hee, boards Young-gyu's passenger boat heading to Weihai, China. That very evening, just when the boat enters international sea waters where countries' laws cannot be enforced, Chae-hee goes missing and all her pictures and belongings vanishes without a trace. 
Young-gyu finds Yu-ri on the same ship, and she claims to be the only witness to Chae-hee's disappearance.
Awards and nominations.
2012 Blue Dragon Film Awards
2012 Korean Culture and Entertainment Awards 

</doc>
<doc id="36823239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823239" title="2012 Chang-Sat Bangkok Open">
2012 Chang-Sat Bangkok Open

The 2012 Chang-Sat Bangkok Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the fourth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Bangkok, Thailand between 27 August and 2 September 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
