<doc id="36790735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790735" title="Mark Colbourne">
Mark Colbourne

Mark Lee Colbourne MBE (born on 9 November 1969) is a former Welsh paralympic-cyclist, who competed for both Wales and Great Britain.
Early life.
Colbourne was born on 9 November 1969 in Tredegar, Monmouthshire, Wales. He played volleyball at international level for Wales between 1990 and 1993.
He broke his back in 2009 after falling when forced into an emergency landing whilst paragliding.
Cycling career.
Following his accident Colbourne began cycling through Disability Sport Wales. He competes in the C1 classification for riders on upright bikes with the most severe disability. He trained with disabled cycling coach Neil Smith at the Newport Velodrome and made his first appearance in a track race in May 2010 at the Wales Grand Prix.
In 2011 he won his first UCI Para-Cycling World Cup medals. He took bronze in the C1 time trail in Segovia, Spain at his debut at World Cup level. At the round in Baie-Comeau, Canada, he won the silver medal in the same event behind Juan Jose Mendez Fernandez of Spain. His first World Championship medal was a silver at the 2011 UCI Para-Cycling Road World Championships held in Roskilde, Denmark.
In 2012 Colbourne won his first world title, taking the gold medal in the C1 3 km individual pursuit at the 2012 UCI Para-Cycling Track World Championships in Los Angeles, United States. At the same Championships he won the silver medal in the C1 1 km time trial.
He was selected as part of the cycling team for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. On 30 August 2012 Colbourne won a silver medal and Great Britain's first medal of the 2012 Paralympics, in the C1-3 1 km time trial.
On 31 August 2012 he won a gold medal in the C1 3 km individual pursuit after breaking the world record in both the qualification round and the final. He is scheduled to compete in two road cycling events; the C1 road time trial, on 5 September; and the C1-3 road race on 6 September.
Colbourne was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to cycling. In August 2013 Colbourne announced his retirement from para-cycling. 

</doc>
<doc id="36790740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790740" title="Shahrak-e Kheybar">
Shahrak-e Kheybar

Shahrak-e Kheybar () is a village in Kheybar Rural District, Choghamish District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,124, in 421 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36790769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790769" title="List of U.S. state libraries and archives">
List of U.S. state libraries and archives

In the United States of America, state library agencies established in each state have long been a catalyst for a great deal of the motivation for public library cooperation. This has been since the founding of the movement, starting in 1890 when Massachusetts created a state Board of Library Commissioners charged to help communities establish and improve public libraries. Over the years, state library agencies played a major role in encouraging larger units of service to provide library resources. The Library Services Act (1956) and the Library Services and Construction Act (1964) were keystones in the goal of providing library service throughout the nation.
In addition, many of the 50 states have state archives similar to the federal National Archives and Records Administration to keep records relating to information on state laws, census information, etc.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36790797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790797" title="2012–13 Oregon Ducks men's basketball team">
2012–13 Oregon Ducks men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Oregon Ducks men's basketball team represented the University of Oregon during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Ducks, led by their third year head coach Dana Altman, were members of the Pacific-12 Conference and played their home games at Matthew Knight Arena. They finished with a record of 28–9 overall, 12–6 in Pac-12 play to finish in a three way tie for second place. They were champions of the Pac-12 Tournament, defeating UCLA in the championship game, to earn an automatic bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament where they defeated Oklahoma State in the second round and Saint Louis in the third round to advance to the Sweet Sixteen where they lost to Louisville.
Recruits.
Source:
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Pac-12 Conference Tournament
! colspan=9| 2013 NCAA Tournament
Notes.
On March 12, 2013 Dana Altman was named the John R. Wooden Pac-12 head coach of the year.

</doc>
<doc id="36790804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790804" title="Reformed Church, Pericei">
Reformed Church, Pericei

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Pericei, Romania, completed in 1769.

</doc>
<doc id="36790827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790827" title="Virginia (1941 film)">
Virginia (1941 film)

Virginia is a 1941 American drama film directed by Edward H. Griffith. It featured the onscreen debut of Sterling Hayden.

</doc>
<doc id="36790828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790828" title="Stephanie Paul">
Stephanie Paul

Stephanie Paul is a New Zealand actress best known for her role as the Palin-esque United States president in the 2012 film "Iron Sky".

</doc>
<doc id="36790839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790839" title="Sidney Cope">
Sidney Cope

Sidney Alfred Cope (12 August 1904 – 14 April 1986) was an English cricketer. Cope was a left-handed batsman who bowled left-arm fast. He was born at Hastings, Sussex.
Cope made a single first-class appearance for Kent against Gloucestershire in the 1924 County Championship at Mote Park, Maidstone. Gloucestershire won the toss and elected to bat first, making 213 all out, with Cope taking the wicket of Gloucestershire captain Douglas Robinson to finish with figures of 1/27 from seven overs. Kent responded in their first-innings by making 295 all out, during which Cope was dismissed for a duck by George Dennett. Gloucestershire then made 92 all out in their second-innings, setting Kent a target of 11 for victory, which Kent reached for the loss of two wickets. This was his only major appearance for Kent.
He died at Dartford, Kent, on 14 April 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36790862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790862" title="Bergordnung">
Bergordnung

The Bergordnung were the mining regulations or law enacted in order to exercise the royal mining rights or "Bergregal" in central Europe in medieval times. 

</doc>
<doc id="36790868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790868" title="John-David Schofield">
John-David Schofield

John-David Mercer Schofield (October 6, 1938 – October 29, 2013) was a bishop-in-residence in the Anglican Church in North America (ACNA). 
Schofield was the rector of St. Columba's Inverness in the Episcopal Diocese of California. He served as the fourth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of San Joaquin, from October 9, 1988, to October 22, 2011, when the diocese was part of the Episcopal Church. In 2007, due to theological disagreements, Schofield led the majority of the diocese to join the Anglican Church of the Southern Cone and become the Anglican Diocese of San Joaquin. The diocese was a founding member of the Anglican Church in North America in June 2009. He served as the first bishop of the Anglican Diocese of San Joaquin until his retirement in 2011, remaining as bishop-in-residence until his death.
Schofield died in Fresno on October 29, 2013, aged 75 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="36790876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790876" title="Michael Glöckner">
Michael Glöckner

Michael Glöckner (born 25 May 1969) is a German cyclist.He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1992 Summer Olympics along with Jens Lehmann, Stefan Steinweg, Guido Fulst and Andreas Walzer.

</doc>
<doc id="36790945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790945" title="Source (1/3)">
Source (1/3)

Source is a public artwork by US artist Tony Smith, located in the Cleveland Museum of Art Donna and Stewart Kohl Sculpture Garden, which is in Cleveland, Ohio, USA. The sculpture is fabricated from steel and painted black. It is constructed from two separate pieces that are bolted together.
Description.
According to Smith, the title was inspired by Gustave Courbet's painting "The Source at the Loue" (1964). 
This is the first of an edition of three. The second work is owned by the Tony Smith Estate. The third edition has not been fabricated. The sculpture is fabricated out of welded sheets of steel that are painted black in a manner that is similar to Smith's other work.
Historical information.
When making models for his sculptures, Smith first created modular pieces based on tetrahedrons and octahedrons. He then assembled the pieces, re-using spare parts for other models and often dismantling old models to create new structures. After dismantling the model for his 1962 sculpture Gracehoper (2/3), Smith created Source (1967) and Moses (1/3) (1968).
Location history.
The location history is not available prior to acquisition by the Cleveland Museum of Art. At least from 2003, Source has been on view near the Northeast corner of the building. Starting in 2011 the artwork has been installed on the east lawn of the Cleveland Museum of Art in the Donna and Stewart Kohl Sculpture Garden.
Acquisition.
This sculpture was acquired by the Cleveland Museum of Art in 2001 as a gift from the Metropolitan Bank & Trust Company.
Condition.
This artwork was not assessed in the SOS! survey in 1992-94. The artwork was treated in 2010. The treatment involved cleaning, removing corrosion from the surface, evening out the surface, and repainting. The conservation treatment and movement of the artwork from Wade Oval to the East Lawn was overseen by conservator Shelley Paine and featured on the museum's website in a YouTube video.

</doc>
<doc id="36790961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790961" title="Muscongus Bay">
Muscongus Bay

Muscongus Bay is a bay on the coast of Maine, United States, between Penobscot Bay and John's Bay. Muscongus was the name of an Ababaki village meaning "fishing place". or "many large rock ledges". Capt. James Smith recorded the river in 1616 as Nusconcus and was also spelled Nuscongus. The two main tributaries are the Saint George River at its eastern end and the Medomak River, which flows into the bay at Waldoboro. Historically, the Medomak River and Muscongus Bay were the dividing line between the Waldo Patent and Pemaquid Patent and Waldoboro was a customs point of entry. Muscongus Bay has many islands including Hog which is home to a National Audubon Society camp, Allen, Eastern Egg Rock, Franklin (home of Franklin Island National Wildlife Refuge), and Louds Island historically referred to as Muscongus Island prior purchase from Thomas Drowne by William Loud. Monhegan Island is offshore from Muscongus Bay. The Maine Island Trail passed through Muscongus Bay.
The bay is bounded by Marshall Point Light, Pemaquid Point Light, and contains Franklin Island Light.
Towns bordering Muscongus bay are Bristol, Bremen, Waldoboro, Friendship, Cushing, and St. George.
The type of sailboat called the Muscongus Bay sloop is also known as the Friendship Sloop. The hull of the five-masted schooner Cora F. Cressey lies in Muscongus Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="36790969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790969" title="2012 Grand Slam of Darts">
2012 Grand Slam of Darts

The 2012 Grand Slam of Darts, also known as the William Hill Grand Slam of Darts for sponsorship purposes, was the sixth staging of the tournament, organised by the Professional Darts Corporation. The event took place from 10–18 November 2012 at the Wolverhampton Civic Hall. Phil Taylor was the defending champion, but was beaten in the Last 16 by Michael van Gerwen, who went on to make the final, but lost 16–14 to Raymond van Barneveld.
Qualifying.
Qualifying Tournaments.
Players in italics had already qualified for the event.
BDO.
Note: Players in "italics" had already qualified for the tournament.<br> The PDC have decided to no longer invite Martin Adams to the Grand Slam due to his decision to turn down three consecutive invitations in 2007, 2008 and 2009.
Draw and results.
Group stage.
All matches first-to-5/best of 9 – 
NB: P = Played; W = Won; L = Lost; LF = Legs For; LA = Legs Against; +/- = Plus/Minus Record, in relation to legs; Average – 3-dart average; Pts = Points; Q = Qualified for K.O. phase
Group A.
November 10 
November 11
November 13
Group B.
November 10
November 11
November 13
Group C.
November 10
November 11
November 13
Group D.
November 10
November 11
November 13
Group E.
November 11
November 12
November 14
Group F.
November 11
November 12
November 14
Group G.
November 11
November 12
November 14
Group H.
November 11
November 12
November 14
Statistics.
! Player
! Played
! Legs Won
! Legs Lost
! 100+
! 140+
! 180s
! High Checkout
! 3-dart Average
Broadcasting.
Sky Sports provided television coverage of the event in the United Kingdom, Fox Sports in Australia, OSN across the Middle East and it was available online and partially televised on RTL7 in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="36790970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790970" title="Jim Berkenstadt">
Jim Berkenstadt

James Allan Berkenstadt (born June 26, 1956) is an American writer, record producer, and historical entertainment consultant. Berkenstadt was born in Winnetka, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago. He is the third of three children born to Lois Berkenstadt, his mother, and Edward Berkenstadt, his father.
Berkenstadt, previously an attorney of many years, has consulted on a number of audio, video, and online projects for George Harrison, as well as for The Beatles' company Apple Corps and many others in the music industry.
Career.
After graduating from Northwestern University with a Bachelor of Science in sociology, Berkenstadt went on to get his law degree from Southern Illinois University. He passed the Illinois State Bar Examination in 1982 and the Wisconsin State Bar in 1985. In the 1980s, Berkenstadt was a litigation attorney in Chicago at Pollina & Phelan and then, after moving to Madison, Wisconsin, he continued working at the Axley Brynelson law firm. From 1987 to 2007, Berkenstadt served as vice president & general counsel at the Wisconsin Cheeseman, a gift and food manufacturing company in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin.
In the early 1990s, Berkenstadt began publishing articles specializing in the Beatles' history and other rock and roll-related material, for magazines such as "Goldmine", "Musician", and "ICE".
In 1994, Berkenstadt and co-author Belmo penned the book "Black Market Beatles: The Story Behind Their Lost Recordings", aimed at fans interested in the recordings that the Beatles left in the vaults. "Black Market Beatles" is a part of the permanent Library and Archive Collection at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland.
In September 1998, Jim and Charles Cross co-authored the book "Nevermind Nirvana" about the creation of the "Nevermind" album by Nirvana. It served to create the understanding behind how the album was so well received by the 90s generation of fans. "Nevermind Nirvana" is also a part of the permanent Library and Archive Collection at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
From 1998 to 2000, Berkenstadt produced two historical albums of Big Band music that had been performed and recorded live on the rooftop of Madison's historic Edgewater Hotel. The albums, "Live at the Edgewater Jimmy Dorsey and Woody Herman", and "Live at the Edgewater: Tex Beneke, Stan Kenton & Ralph Flanagan", were released on the Soundworks Label. Berkenstadt has also received an RIAA Platinum record award for his work with Garbage (band) on their album "Version 2.0".
Since the late 1990s, Berkenstadt has worked on a number of projects for George Harrison, including the Martin Scorsese Emmy-nominated film, "". He also contributed to the Beatles' "Help!" DVD box set, as well as VH1's "Behind the Music".
Most recently, Berkenstadt has published his latest book, "The Beatle Who Vanished", "a true account of Jimmie Nicol, an anonymous drummer whose journey from humble beginnings to an improbable climb rescued The Beatles' first world tour from disaster by temporarily stepping in for Ringo Starr."

</doc>
<doc id="36790971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790971" title="The Century City News">
The Century City News

The Century City News is a free by-weekly tabloid-sized print newspaper of circulation in Century City and the surrounding communities, and a daily web newspaper owned by the Santa Monica Mirror. In 2013 the newspaper was acquired by the Mirror. The publication was founded by Michael D. Carlin. The Century City News videotaped Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa during his visit to Century City. On February 11, 2011 the Century City News videotaped U. S. Poet Laureate Robert Pinsky's visit to Century City to recite poetry backed by the Robby Bradford Quartet. The event was hosted by the Century City Arts and Cultural Affairs Council. In 2008 a compilations of articles that were published in the Century City News and written by Michael D. Carlin were published into a book A Prescription For Peace and released worldwide by publisher Keylite PSI. The articles focused on a group of Knights of Malta headed up by Sir Edward Artis, and contained the philosophy of why they take relief into war torn countries. On May 27, 2008 Century City News along with Rotary Club honored Sherry Lansing at a banquet held at the Century Plaza Hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="36790977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790977" title="East Winthrop, Maine">
East Winthrop, Maine

East Winthrop is a village in the town of Winthrop in Kennebec County, Maine, United States. It is located just west of Manchester and south of Readfield, borders most of Cobbosseecontee Lake, and all of Little Cobbosseecontee, Upper & Lower Narrows. It has a separate post office and ZIP code (04343) from the rest of Winthrop, although this serves only mail delivered to post office boxes in the East Winthrop Post Office. The area has magnificent views of the Cobbosseecontee bodies of water.

</doc>
<doc id="36790989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790989" title="Places of Worship Registration Act 1855">
Places of Worship Registration Act 1855

The Places of Worship Registration Act 1855 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which governs the registration and legal recognition of places of worship. It applies only in England and Wales, and does not cover the Church of England (that country's Established Church): it is exempt from the Act's requirements. Nor does it affect the Church in Wales, which remains part of the Anglican Communion although it is no longer the Established Church in Wales. Registration is not compulsory, but it gives certain financial advantages and is also required before a place of worship can be registered as a venue for marriages.
Overview.
Under the terms of the Act, buildings, rooms or other premises can be registered as meeting places for religious worship upon payment of a fee; a record of their registration is then kept by the General Register Office for England and Wales, and the place of worship is assigned a "Worship Number". Registration is not mandatory, but an unregistered place of worship cannot be used for the solemnisation of marriages. There are also financial advantages: registered places of worship do not have to subject their funds to inspection, under the terms of the Charitable Trusts Act 1853, and Council Tax is not levied on their premises. This exemption has applied since 1955. Since the passing of the Local Government Finance Act 1988, places of worship have not had to pay business rates; registration under the terms of the 1855 Act, while apparently not essential to gain exemption, "is an additional piece of evidence that the property is actively used as a place of worship".
Procedures.
"Any person who is able to represent the congregation" of the place of worship—for example, a pastor, minister or trustee—must fill in a form published by the Home Office, "Certifying a Place of Meeting for Religious Worship" (Form 76), and send it to the Superintendent General of the General Register Office or a local Superintendent Registrar. A fee of £28.00 is payable. Details required on the form include the name, address and physical layout of the building or rooms, the Christian denomination or other faith group to which it belongs, an overview of the services that will take place, and details of the applicant. There is great flexibility in relation to the naming of the faith group for which the building is being registered: for example, the Register contains entries for "Quaker", "Quakers", "Friends" and "Religious Society of Friends", all of which refer to the Quaker denomination. Furthermore, some faith groups do not have a name, or specifically reject the concept of denominational names. They are allowed to use the descriptions "Christians not otherwise designated" or "congregation or assembly of persons who object to be designated by any distinctive religious appellation" respectively. As of 2010 there were more than 1,500 places of worship registered to "Christians not otherwise designated", representing more than 5% of the national total.
If a registered place of worship is demolished and rebuilt on a different site, it must be re-registered under its new identity and assigned a new Worship Number, but more minor structural alterations do not affect the registration. Changes of name must also be notified to the Superintendent General. A place of worship which falls out of use should be de-registered by submitting another form, "Notice of Disuse of a Certified Place of Meeting for Religious Worship" (Form 77), to the Superintendent General. Government advice states that this is a legal requirement, but research indicates that in practice not all disused places of worship are de-registered. Details of de-registered places of worship are recorded in "The London Gazette".
History.
The Act of Toleration 1689 granted most Protestant Nonconformist denominations freedom to worship in public buildings or rooms that were registered for this purpose. Registration was done at a local level by a Clerk of the Peace or the local bishop. The Roman Catholic Relief Act 1791 extended this freedom, and the obligation to register, to the Catholic Church. The Places of Religious Worship Certifying Act 1852 superseded these Acts and gave the General Register Office the responsibility for maintaining the record of registered places of worship, but registration remained compulsory. The Act of 1855 made it optional, but for a building to be used for marriages it had to be registered for worship first (or at the same time).
The Act stipulated that a list of all registered places of worship be published in 1856, ""and also at such subsequent Periods as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall from Time to Time in that Behalf order or direct"". In practice, neither full details of all registered places of worship nor extracts from the list have routinely been published by the General Register Office, but the full list was published online in 2010 in response to a Freedom of Information Request. It lists all places of worship registered under the terms of the Act (excluding those subsequently deregistered), and gives their local government district, Worship Number (their unique reference number), name, address and the denomination to which they belong.
The fee for the registration of a place of worship has been revised upwards on many occasions. When the Act was passed, registration cost 2s.6d. (£ as of ). The most recent piece of legislation setting the fee at £28.00 was The Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages (Fees) Order 2002, which came into effect from 1 April 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36790999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36790999" title="Gyan Chandra Acharya">
Gyan Chandra Acharya

Gyan Chandra Acharya is the United Nations Under-Secretary-General and High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States. He was appointed to this position by the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on 14 August 2012.
Previously, Acharya served as the Permanent Representative of Nepal to the United Nations. A veteran diplomat in the Nepalese foreign service, he worked on various global issues. He is the Chair of the Global Coordination Bureau of the Group of Least Developed Countries and contributed to the successful conclusion of the Fourth United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries and the follow-up process. From 2010 to 2011, he was Chair of the Working Group on Lessons Learned of the Peace building Commission. He was also a Member of the Bureau of Land Locked Developing Countries and Chair of the Commission on Social Development.
From 2003 to 2007, Acharya was Nepal's representative to the UN and World Trade Organization in Geneva. From 2007 to 2009, he was Nepal's Foreign Secretary. 
Acharya obtained a Master of Economics degree from Tribhuvan University in Kathmandu, Nepal. He is married and has two children.

</doc>
<doc id="36791018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791018" title="Eğilmez, Karaman">
Eğilmez, Karaman

Eğilmez is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. At it is situated to the north of Karadağ an excint volcano. Its distance to Karaman is . The population of the village was 403 as of 2011. The village was founded by Turkmens. The main economic activity of the village is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="36791019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791019" title="Vanessa Cantave">
Vanessa Cantave

Vanessa Cantave (born October 7, 1977) is an American chef. She is the co-founder and executive chef of the catering company Yum Yum NYC in DUMBO, Brooklyn.
Early life and education.
Vanessa Cantave was born in Washington, D.C., in 1977. She is of Haitian descent. Her father served in the United States Army, which resulted in Cantave's moving around a lot as a child. She lived in Mons, Belgium, until the age of six. Her family then returned to the U.S. and lived in various places including Arizona, suburban Chicago, and northern Virginia.
Cantave graduated from James Madison University in Harrisonburg, Virginia, in 1999. She earned her B.A. in political science with a minor in French.
Career.
After completing her degree, Cantave worked in several positions in banking, marketing and advertising. She worked at the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in Washington, D.C, and later the Federal Reserve in Atlanta, Georgia. She then moved to New York City and accepted a position at the Ogilvy & Mather agency. In 2005, Cantave attended an open house for the French Culinary Institute, where she says she “fell in love.” She decided to quit her job and pursue her passion for food.
Cantave began attending the French Culinary Institute (FCI) in 2005. While attending FCI, she interned at the Daniel restaurant in Manhattan's upper east side, where she studied under renowned French chef Daniel Boulud. After graduating as the valedictorian of her class, she began working as a private chef in New York City and shortly thereafter co-founded her own catering company, Yum Yum Chefs, Inc. (later changed to Yum Yum NYC). Based in DUMBO, Brooklyn, Yum Yum NYC offers catering services for private clients and corporations and themed cooking classes.
Television and press.
In 2011, Cantave won the Bravo reality cooking competition "Rocco’s Dinner Party". She has appeared on a number of other television programs, including NBC’s "The Today Show".

</doc>
<doc id="36791029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791029" title="Mining act">
Mining act

The main purpose of mining acts () in law is to govern the structure of mining authorities and their responsibilities, the entitlement to mining and the oversight of safety in and around the mines. With the introduction of parliamentary legislative powers, they replaced the earlier mining regulations issued by royalty or nobility to their states and territories.

</doc>
<doc id="36791034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791034" title="Sven Scholander">
Sven Scholander

Sven Scholander (1860–1936) was a Swedish singer, musician, composer and sculptor. His musical innovations led to a revival in Swedish lute playing while his solo performances of Carl Michael Bellman reintroduced the works in their original form.
Sculptor.
Born into a large and musical family, Scholander was the son of Fredrik Wilhelm Scholander, an architect whose avocations included painting, poetry and singing to his own guitar accompaniment.
After studying music and art in Sweden and abroad, Sven Scholander began working in the late 1880s as an architectural sculptor and art teacher. In the former capacity he helped with the restoration of Bernard Foucquet’s "Enleveringsgruppen" (Abduction group), depicting Romulus and Hersilia and other instances of bride kidnapping in ancient mythology. The statues, on the southern façade of Stockholm Palace, were not cast in bronze until 1897, nearly two centuries after Foucquet had created the molds.
Businessman.
In addition to his artistic pursuits Scholander was a businessman, who opened a retail outlet for the Hasselblad Company in 1895, where he sold cameras and photographic equipment. He was also active in the publishing industry and in 1915 became the managing director of the AB Nordiska Musikförlaget.
Performer.
Despite his involvement in art and business, Scholander always had a keen interest in music. While in his teens he began playing the guitar but soon switched to the lute, an instrument whose limitations he overcame by tuning the strings in the manner of a guitar. This so-called "lute guitar" or "Scholander-lute" offered greater flexibility and in Scholander's hands, wrote one critic, "resembled an entire orchestra."
Sven Scholander debuted as a lute-playing balladeer in 1891 and for the next four decades toured Scandinavia, Germany and other European countries with multilingual programs of songs and ballads. He had a vast repertoire but gave special emphasis to the works of Carl Michael Bellman. In fact, his concerts were often referred to as "Bellman evenings".
In the late 19th century Bellman's songs and epistles were commonly sung by male quartets, but Scholander, performing alone, brought the material to life with superb musicianship, precise diction, facial expressions and even sound effects. His dramatic interpretations, not unlike those of Bellman himself, influenced the Swedish troubadours who came after him: Birger Sjöberg, Evert Taube and countless others.
Scholander used his acting skills, developed from years on the concert stage, in three Swedish films. In 1924 he had a major role in The Saga of Gösta Berling, where he appeared alongside Greta Garbo.
America.
Scholander’s younger brother Torkel Scholander (1871-1962) was another singer, who accompanied himself on the lute. While touring the United States in 1911 he recorded seventeen songs for Victor Records. Twelve years later the troubadour Gunnar Bohman (1882-1963) crossed the Atlantic and performed Bellman songs for Swedish-American audiences from coast to coast. Although Sven Scholander performed throughout Scandinavia and continental Europe, he never visited America or became popular with his countrymen there.
Scholander's foremost American disciple was the folksinger Richard Dyer-Bennet, who journeyed to Stockholm in 1935 and visited the singer a year before his death. The meeting had a profound effect on Dyer-Bennet, who later recalled: "He looked straight at me and spun tale after tale as though singing out of his own life. He sang of soldiers, sailors, young lovers; he sang dialogues between mother and daughter, altercations between birds and animals, descriptions of mountain and countryside. A pageant of the ages seemed to pass before my eyes, and it was all evoked by the husky voice of this old man and by his simple but exactly appropriate accompaniments on the lute."
Dyer-Bennet absorbed a good deal of Scholander's repertoire and adopted his credo as well: "The value lies inherent in the song, not in the regional mannerisms or colloquialisms."
Legacy.
As a composer Scholander set the lyrics of Dan Andersson, Gustaf Fröding, Erik Axel Karlfeldt and Elias Sehlstedt to music. Between 1924 and 1930 he published ten volumes of these songs and ballads. Scholander made a number of recordings in Swedish, German and French, some of which can be found at video-sharing websites or digital music download services. In 2010 recordings by Sven Scholander, Torkel Scholander and Gunnar Bohman were reissued on a Belllman tribute album.
External links.
Swedish Wikipedia
Book excerpt
Photos
Swedish discographies
American discographies
Musical settings of Dan Andersson
Musical settings of Gustaf Fröding
Streaming audio

</doc>
<doc id="36791036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791036" title="Genre-busting">
Genre-busting

"Genre-busting" is a term used occasionally in reviews of written work, music and visual art and refers to the author or artist's ability to cross over two or more established styles. For instance, in writing, to combine the horror genre with a western or hard-boiled detective story with science fiction. In music the term may refer to a song combining styles or defying classification.
The sound of the term calls to mind other uses of "buster" such as "crime buster", "Gangbusters", "Ghostbusters", "Dambusters", etc.
Creative people don't always feel comfortable working within an established category. So genre-busting within the publishing world has become a type of literary fiction. The publisher Atticus Books has gone so far as to declare, on their website: ""We specialize in genre-busting literary fiction—i.e., titles that fall between the cracks of genre fiction and compelling narratives that feature memorable main characters.""
The "Video Movie Guide 1998" stated in its foreword, "In past years, reviews in VMG have been broken down into genre categories. Now, by popular demand, we are listing all movies together in alphabetical order... So many movies today mix genres... and there are no clear-cut categories anymore."
Interviewed in "Mustard" comedy magazine in 2005, writer Alan Moore said: "I mean, this is probably a bad thing to say to someone from a comedy magazine, but I don't like genre. I think that genre was made up by some spotty clerk in WH Smiths in the 1920s to make his worthless fucking job a little easier for him: "it'd be easier if these books said what they were about on the spine."" going on to say: "In the novel I'm writing, Jerusalem, there's an awful lot of funny stuff, and there's supernatural stuff; there's stuff in the prologue that's as good as Stephen King and it's just a description of my brother walking through a block of flats. It's horror. And there's social history, there's political stuff. Why not mix it all together? Because that's what life is actually like. We laugh, we cry, you know, we buy the t-shirt." 

</doc>
<doc id="36791049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791049" title="Bahama Passage">
Bahama Passage

Bahama Passage is a 1941 American drama film directed by Edward H. Griffith, starring Madeleine Carroll and Sterling Hayden. The film was primarily shot on Salt Cay, Turks Islands in Technicolor.
Plot.
When his father dies in an accident, Adrian Ainsworth is forced to get a replacement as head of the family salt company on an island in the Caribbean.
His mentally unstable mother firmly believes that her husband was murdered by one of their Bahama workers. Soon a Mr. Delbridge and his daughter Carol arrives to the island to run the company. Adrian is not happy with this solution though, and is reluctant to give Mr. Delbridge complete control of the company affairs. The new boss is quickly unpopular with the rest of the work force, including Adrian's right hand man Morales, who is hit by Delbridge when he fails to give him the keys to the house. Morales only wants to protect his friend Adrian's interests.
The daughter Carol, a pretty and flirtatious socialite girl, shows a romantic interest in Adrian, unaware that he is in fact married. When she finds out, they become friends, and Adrian gets to know about the state of the company through Carol. Apparently the family business is heading towards bankruptcy.
One day Adrian gets a message that his wife Mary is ill, and goes to Spanish Harbour where she lives alone. He is accompanied by Carol, and when they get to his home, Mary is occupied with another man. She wants to divorce him, tired of living alone on a deserted island.
One night Mr. Delbridge has enough of the islanders when they celebrate a holiday with singing indigenous songs, so he fires his gun at them, which scares Mrs. Ainsworth so much her heart fails. She dies before Adrian is able to return from his estranged wife. Upon his arrival back to the house he learns that Mr. Delbridge has killed a young island boy with his firing.
The islanders avenge their dead son by kidnapping Mr. Delbridge, determined to bring him to justice by taking him to the police. When Adrian and Carol are left alone at the house, they ultimately fall in love.
Morales pays them a visit and tells them that Mr. Delbridge managed to flee from the islanders by jumping overboard on a boat, and is presumed drowned. Adrian wants to get Carol away from the island and all of the bad feelings that seem to be inspired by the place. His friend, Captain Risingwell, tells him that it isn't the place, but the absence of true love that destroyed the people living there.
Adrian changes his mind and brings Carol back with him to the island to spend their future together.

</doc>
<doc id="36791059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791059" title="Die Weißen Blätter">
Die Weißen Blätter

Die Weißen Blätter was a German monthly magazine, which was one of the most important journals of literary expressionism during its publication period 1913 to 1920. The full title was "Die Weißen Blätter. Eine Monatsschrift."
History.
"Die Weißen Blätter" were published from 1913 to 1915 by Erik Ernst-Schwabach in Leipzig in the "Verlag der weißen Bücher". In 1915 René Schickele took over. From 1916 to 1917 they were printed by the "Verlag Rascher" in Zurich, in 1918 in the "Verlag der Weißen Blätter" in Bern, from 1919 to 1920 Paul Cassirer published the magazine in Berlin.
At the beginning of 1937, Schickele temporarily planned to revive the magazine.
Writers.
Writers of "Die Weißen Blätter" have included Henri Barbusse, Gottfried Benn, Eduard Bernstein, Franz Blei, Max Brod, Martin Buber, Theodor Däubler, Albert Ehrenstein, Carl Einstein, Friedrich Wilhelm Foerster, Leonhard Frank, George Grosz, Wilhelm Hausenstein, Hermann Hesse, Kurt Hiller, Annette Kolb, Paul Kornfeld, Else Lasker-Schüler, Rudolf Leonhard, Mechtilde Lichnowsky, Heinrich Mann, Gustav Meyrink, Robert Musil, Max Scheler, Ernst Stadler, Carl Sternheim, André Suarès, Theodor Tagger, Robert Walser, Ernst Weiß, Felix Weltsch, and Franz Werfel.
The magazine published as first prints Meyrink's novel "Der Golem" in 1913/14 and in October 1915 Kafka's story "Die Verwandlung" (The Metamorphosis).

</doc>
<doc id="36791093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791093" title="Ride for Refuge">
Ride for Refuge

Ride for Refuge is a non-competitive cycling event that partners with 175+ independent charities annually and raises awareness and funds for displaced persons, the vulnerable, and the exploited. The event occurs internationally, at locations in Canada and the United States. Ride for Refuge was started in Canada in 2004, by the Christian missionary organization International Teams Canada. In its first year, Ride for Refuge took place in one city, Kitchener, Ontario, and there were only 25 cyclists. As of 2014, the Ride for Refuge has raised more than $5,000,000.00 for their charitable partners. Teams that enter in the event can choose from a list of approved charities for whom to fundraise Teams can choose to support orphans, homeless people, refugees, human trafficking victims, and other displaced peoples. The RIDE raises money for charities such as Ratanak International, International Justice Mission Canada, Africa Inland Mission Canada, and many more 

</doc>
<doc id="36791101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791101" title="Geoff Taylor (footballer)">
Geoff Taylor (footballer)

Geoffrey Arthur Taylor (born 22 January 1923) is an England former professional footballer who played as a winger.
Career.
Born in Henstead, Taylor played in England, France, Switzerland and Germany for CNSOBU, Norwich City, Reading, Lincoln City, Brighton & Hove Albion, Rennes, Bristol Rovers, SC Brühl, Queens Park Rangers and VfR Kirn.

</doc>
<doc id="36791150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791150" title="Charpa Falls">
Charpa Falls

Charpa Falls is a waterfall located in Athirappilly panchayath in Thrissur district of Kerala. Located on the west-flowing Chalakudy River, this waterfall lies in between the more famous Athirappilly Falls and Vazhachal Falls. During monsoon months (June to August), the waterfall plunges on to the road. Despite its short height, its flow is situated very close to the road and causes mist to fall on persons standing on it. It is a popular stopover for tourists who are visiting the Athirappilly and Vazhachal Falls. On the dry season the water falls will stop flowing due to lack of water.

</doc>
<doc id="36791152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791152" title="Sabrina Carpenter">
Sabrina Carpenter

Sabrina Carpenter (born May 11, 1999) is an American teen actress and singer, who stars as rebellious Maya Hart in the Disney Channel series "Girl Meets World" which debuted on June 27, 2014, opposite the title character Riley Matthews (portrayed by Rowan Blanchard). She is signed to Hollywood Records.
Career.
Sabrina Carpenter placed third in a singing contest run by Miley Cyrus'(The Next Miley Cyrus Project) website. Sabrina booked her first acting role in December 2010, a guest role on NBC drama series "". She played a young victim interviewed by Detective Elliot Stabler (Christopher Meloni). Around the same time, she performed live on the Chinese television station Hunan Broadcasting System, for the Gold Mango Audience festival. She performed "Something's Got a Hold on Me" from 1963 Etta James album, in the style of Christina Aguilera from the movie Burlesque "Etta James Top Ten".
Less than two years later, Sabrina booked a series recurring role on Fox's "The Goodwin Games" as Young Chloe, a series regular role on Disney Channel pilot "Gulliver Quinn" and ABC pilot "The Unprofessional". She was a lead dancer in "Just Dance Kids 2". Her first lead role in a greenlit series is as the rebellious Maya Hart in Disney Channel series "Girl Meets World", debuting in 2014, opposite titular character Rowan Blanchard. The series is based on "Boy Meets World". She plays young Merrin in the yet-to-be-released 2013 film "Horns", starring Daniel Radcliffe as Ig Perrish and Juno Temple as Merrin Williams.
Carpenter performed "Smile" for the album """. The song charted on Radio Disney. Her song "All You Need" is also on the "Sofia the First" soundtrack.
Carpenter announced in September 2013 that she will be working on a new film titled "To Find A Monster".
"Can't Blame A Girl For Trying", Carpenter's debut single, debuted on Radio Disney on March 14, 2014, and was released on iTunes later in the day. Her debut EP, Can't Blame A Girl For Trying EP, was released on April 8 and was generally well received. Carpenter was featured on the Girl Meets World theme song, "Take On The World" with her co-star, Rowan Blanchard, she also sung a remixed version of "Take on The World". Her debut album is set to be released later this Fall.

</doc>
<doc id="36791158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791158" title="Swiss National Council referendums, 1942">
Swiss National Council referendums, 1942

Two referendums were held in Switzerland during 1942. The first was held on 25 January on a popular initiative that would provide for the direct election of the National Council, as well as increasing the number of members. It was rejected by voters. The second was held on 3 May on a popular initiative "for the reorganisation of the National Council", and was also rejected.
Background.
The referendums were both popular initiatives, which required a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half.

</doc>
<doc id="36791166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791166" title="Chemins">
Chemins

The Chemins Company is a dietary supplement manufacturer based in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The company, founded in 1974 by James Cameron, became embroiled in a series of criminal investigations in 1994 after a woman died and more than 100 other people became ill after taking one of the company’s products marketed under the brand name Nature's Nutrition Formula One. The adverse events were later linked to the product having been tainted with ephedrine. A three-year federal investigation, which revealed that the company had doctored records, misled FDA investigators, and purposely hindered inspections, led to Cameron being sentenced to 21 months in prison and him and the company being fined 4.7 million dollars. The company also paid out $750,000 to settle a class action lawsuit alleging that the company's protein powder supplements contained approximately half the protein content and twice the carbohydrate content listed on the label.
Chemins was the manufacturer of dietary supplements for the multi-level marketing companies Metabolife (i.e., Metabolife 356, an ephedra-based supplement that was withdrawn following numerous adverse event reports) and LifeVantage (i.e., Protandim, an herbal-based supplement).
Chemins' assets were acquired by Nexgen Pharma in 2007.
Nature's Nutrition Formula One.
Chemins initially came under regulatory scrutiny following a series of serious adverse event reports by consumers of Chemins' Nature's Nutrition Formula One. These reports to led an investigation of Chemins by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Office of Criminal Investigation, U.S. Department of Justice Office of Consumer Litigation, and the U.S. Attorney's Office in Denver, Colorado.
The investigation of Chemins was expanded subsequent to an incident on New Year’s Eve 1994, when police officers intercepted a 1,200-pound shipment of ephedrine (a methamphetamine precursor) aboard a truck that had crashed on an icy road near Colorado Springs while en route to an underground methamphetamine manufacturing lab. Container labels indicated to police that the chemicals originated from Chemins; however, when informed about the incident, Chemins president James Cameron denied that the company ever possessed or used ephedrine in its products.
Criminal proceedings were launched against Chemins and Cameron, and on July 7, 2000, following a three-year investigation, a Federal judge in Denver sentenced Cameron to 21 months in jail and fined him and Chemins 4.7 million dollars. In his plea agreement, Cameron admitted that he and his company had labeled Formula One as "all natural" but secretly spiked the product with synthetic pharmaceutical grade drugs, including ephedrine and caffeine and had done so with numerous other products, including one called Supercharge, without notifying consumers. He admitted that the product's labeling failed to disclose the use of the chemicals on the list of ingredients, and that he and his employees had misled FDA investigators and purposely hindered inspections of the company’s premises. Chemins actively conspired to hide from the FDA the fact that it possessed the undisclosed ingredients by, among other things, making a late night transfer of the ingredients to an employee's home during an FDA inspection and creating false manufacturing and inventory records that were shown to FDA inspectors. The company had denied using those ingredients after being confronted about it by the FDA.
Metabolife 356.
Chemins produced Metabolife 356, an epehdra-based weight-loss product sold by the multilevel marketing company Metabolife. Chemins was responsible for the design, manufacture, labeling, packaging, advertising, marketing, and promotion of the product. Metabolife 356 and other ephedra-containing supplements were linked to thousands of serious adverse events, including deaths. These deaths caused the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to ban the sale of ephedra-containing dietary supplements in 2004. After the withdrawal of Metabolife 356, a congressional investigation found that Metabolife had received thousands of reports of serious adverse events, many occurring in young and otherwise healthy people, and that the company had concealed the reports and acted with "indifference to the health of consumers."
Protein Supplements.
A class action lawsuit was launched against Chemins in the United States District Court of the District of Colorado on behalf of 10,000 claimants who had purchased the company's protein powder supplements marketed under various brand names. The suit alleged that the products contained approximately half the protein content and twice the carbohydrate content as listed on the label. The case was concluded when Chemins agreed to pay out a $750,000 settlement to reimburse consumers for the full cost of purchases of the products made between January 1, 1993 and January 31, 2002.
Protandim.
In 2004, Chemins entered into a contract agreement to formulate and manufacture Protandim, an herbal-based antioxidant supplement sold by the Utah-based multi-level marketing company LifeVantage. In July 2008, LifeVantage announced that it was entering into an agreement with a different manufacturer (Cornerstone Research & Development) to produce Protandim.
Nexgen Pharma Acquisition.
Chemins' assets were acquired in 2007 by Irvine, California-based Nexgen Pharma, parent company of Vitamer Labs.

</doc>
<doc id="36791184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791184" title="Vitrea nadejdae">
Vitrea nadejdae

Vitrea nadejdae is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pristilomatidae.
Distribution.
This species is endemic to the Crimea (Ukraine).

</doc>
<doc id="36791193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791193" title="Our Mrs. McChesney">
Our Mrs. McChesney

Our Mrs. McChesney is a lost 1918 silent film produced and distributed by Metro Pictures. It was directed by Ralph Ince and is based on the 1915 play by Edna Ferber which starred Ethel Barrymore. Barrymore reprised her role from the popular play, as did her fellow cast members Huntley Gordon and William H. St. James. Wilfred Lytell was a brother of Bert Lytell and Lucille Lee Stewart was a sister of Anita Stewart. Ince was married to Lucille Lee Stewart, sister of well-known actress Anita Stewart.

</doc>
<doc id="36791201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791201" title="El Paso (film)">
El Paso (film)

El Paso is a 1949 American Western film directed by Lewis R. Foster.
Plot.
Clay Fletcher is leaving South Carolina and heading west. A rebel officer during the Civil War and also a lawyer, he wants to ease back into law practice with something not too difficult, so he travels to El Paso, Texas with estate documents to get the signature of an attorney there, Henry Jeffers.
Stagecoach Nellie steals his wallet along the way. Then, in a saloon, Clay sees a man convicted of murder by a drunken judge in a trial held in a saloon. The judge is Jeffers, and when Clay speaks up on the defendant's behalf, he is charged with contempt of court. Unable to pay the fine, his fancy clothing is auctioned off.
Clay is rescued by rancher Nacho Vazquez, who offers him a place to stay. He also meets the judge's daughter, Susan Jeffers, who owns a hat shop. Clay learns the man found guilty of murder was framed by rich land owner Bert Donner and his stooge, Sheriff La Farge. 
La Farge brutally beats and jails a man named John Elkins who had once been a friend to Clay, who volunteers to represent him. He needs the judge to be sober, so old-timer Pesky offers to take Jeffers out of town and away from the saloon for a while. La Farge is furious and tries to have Clay killed.
The judge is respectable again by the trial date and clears Elkins of any wrongdoing. La Farge responds by having Jeffers dragged by horses and killed. He also arranges the murders of Elkins and his wife.
Vowing revenge, Clay forms an outfit of vigilantes to set things right. But in so doing, he is warned by Susan that he is becoming as ruthless as the men he's after. Donner ends up dead and La Farge is set to be lynched when Clay comes to his senses and asks that El Paso's next judge be the one to hand out justice.

</doc>
<doc id="36791206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791206" title="Swiss referendums, 1945">
Swiss referendums, 1945

Two referendums were held in Switzerland during 1945. The first was held on 21 January on a federal law on the Swiss Federal Railways, and was approved by voters. The second was held on 25 November on a federal resolution on the "for the family" petition, and was also approved.
Background.
The January referendum on the Swiss Federal Railways was an optional referendum, which required only a simple majority to pass. The November referendum was a mandatory referendum, which required a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half.

</doc>
<doc id="36791210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791210" title="Linkins Lake">
Linkins Lake

Linkins Lake is an alpine lake in Pitkin County, Colorado, United States, located high in the Sawatch Range in the Hunter-Fryingpan Wilderness of White River National Forest. The lake is accessible via a trail from State Highway 82 west of Independence Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="36791217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791217" title="Angus Du Mackay, 7th of Strathnaver">
Angus Du Mackay, 7th of Strathnaver

Angus Du Mackay (died 1433) was the 7th chief of the Clan Mackay, a Highland Scottish clan. He is recorded in the 15th-century Scottish cronicle, Scotichronicon as "Enneas-en-Imprissi" meaning "Angus the Absolute" due to his power of commanding 4000 men.
Battle of Tuiteam Tarbhach.
In about the year 1406 a feud arose between the Clan Mackay and the Clan MacLeod of Lewis (and Assynt). According to historian Angus Mackay the MacLeods had raided the Mackays lands of Strathnaver. The Mackays pursued the MacLeods and the Battle of Tuiteam Tarbhach took place where the MacLeods were defeated. However the Mackay historian discredits the account written by 16th-century historian, Sir Robert Gordon who states that only one man of the MacLeods survived the battle.
Battles of Dingwall and Harlaw.
In 1411 a feud broke out over who was the rightful Earl of Ross, between Domhnall of Islay, Lord of the Isles (chief of Clan Donald) and the Stewart royal family. Domhnall of the Isles claimed the earldom through his marriage to Mariota, Countess of Ross.
Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany, third son of Robert II of Scotland naturally supported the claim to the earldom of Ross by his son John Stewart, Earl of Buchan and was supported by Alexander Stewart, Earl of Mar who was a son of Alexander Stewart, Earl of Buchan known as the "Wolf of Badenoch". Angus Du Mackay, chief of Clan Mackay joined the Stewart confederacy and historian Angus Mackay states that Angus Du is believed to have been a cousin of the Earl of Mar.
Angus Du Mackay attacked Domhnall of Islay, Lord of the Isles at Dingwall in 1411. Known as the Battle of Dingwall, Mackay at the head of 4000 men was overpowered. The Lord of the Isles force is said to have numbered 10,000 men. Angus Du Mackay’s brother Rorie Gald was killed at the Battle of Dingwall and Angus Du himself was made a prisoner in a castle on the west coast. The Lord of the Isles then advanced towards Aberdeen where he was met by the Earl of Mar’s army and the Battle of Harlaw took place.
After the Battle of Harlaw the Lord of the Isles made an alliance with Angus Du Mackay. Mackay married the Lord of the Isles sister Elizabeth. Historian Angus Mackay points out that 16th-century historian Sir Robert Gordon incorrectly states that Angus Du married a daughter of the Lord of the Isles and that she was in fact his sister. The alliance between Angus Du Mackay and Donald, Lord of the Isles was further strengthened by a charter granted to Angus Du’s son Neil from the Lord of the Isles for the lands of Creich.
Battle of Harpsdale.
In 1426 Angus Du Mackay led a raid into Caithness which resulted in the Battle of Harpsdale. Historian Angus Mackay states that Angus Du's purpose for this raid was that the lands belonged to the descendants of Nicholas Sutherland, who had murdered chief Donald Mackay and his son at Dingwall Castle in 1370.
Parliament at Inverness.
King James I of Scotland had been captured at the age of 14 by the English and kept as a prisoner until 1424. On his return to Scotland he found the country in a very distracted state. In 1427 the king came north and held a Parliament at Inverness, to which he summoned the Highland chieftains. The chieftains including Alexander of Islay, Earl of Ross the Lord of the Isles, Angus Du Mackay of Strathnaver, Kenneth Mor, his son in law Angus Moray and MacMathen were all clapped in irons. Angus Du Mackay was soon released but his eldest son Neil was kept as a hostage and was sent for a time to the Bass Rock.
Battle of Drumnacoub.
Not long after the Parliament at Inverness Thomas Neilson Mackay, cousin of Angus Du Mackay killed Mowat, the Laird of Freswick in Tain. Thomas Neilson Mackay was then outlawed. He was betrayed by his own two brothers Neil Neilson Mackay and Morgan Neilson Mackay, instigated by Angus Moray whose two daughters the two brothers had married. Angus Moray supported by his two sons-in-law, Neil Neilson Mackay and Morgan Neilson Mackay, then invaded Strathnaver the lands of their cousin, chief Angus Du Mackay. Angus Du Mackay was in a weak position with his eldest son still in prison on the Bass Rock after the Parliament of Inverness, as mentioned above. Angus Du himself was now elderly and so the duty of warding off the attack fell to his second son John "Ian" Mackay of Aberach, who was still a teenager.
The Battle of Drumnacoub took place in 1433. Angus Moray with the men of Sutherland and supported by his sons-in-law, Neil Neilson Mackay and Morgan Neilson Mackay, advanced with a force of 1500 men. At the head of a pass north of the mountain Ben Loyal, within two miles of Castle Varrich they were met by the force of John "Ian" Mackay of Aberach, while the helpless Angus Du Mackay was carried in a litter. The Mackays under John "Ian" Mackay defeated Angus Moray’s men of Sutherland. Historian Angus Mackay again discredits 16th-century historian Sir Robert Gordon, who states that the two sides practically exterminated each other. The Mackay historian gives an account that gives John "Ian" Mackay a clear victory. Gordon also gives the Mackays the victory but says that they suffered heavy losses. Angus Du Mackay is said to have been killed after the battle by an arrow fired from one of the Sutherland men. Angus Moray, leader of the Sutherland force was killed in the battle along with his sons-in-law, Neil Neilson Mackay and Morgan Neilson Mackay.
Family.
Angus Du Mackay married firstly Elizabeth, sister of Domhnall of Islay, Lord of the Isles and chief of Clan Donald. They had one son:
Angus Du Mackay married secondly, a daughter of Alexander Carrach MacDonald, chief of the Clan MacDonald of Keppoch, who in turn was a son of John of Islay, Lord of the Isles (chief of Clan Donald) whose wife was a daughter of Robert II of Scotland. From this marriage Angus Du Mackay had the following sons.:

</doc>
<doc id="36791221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791221" title="Richard Boyce (bishop)">
Richard Boyce (bishop)

Richard John Boyce is a retired bishop in the Anglican Church in North America and the Reformed Episcopal Church. He was consecrated as a bishop by James Parker Dees in 1986, and served as ordinary of the Diocese of the West in the Anglican Province of America until 2008, when he led most of the diocese into the Reformed Episcopal Church. Boyce also served as vicar general of the Diocese of Cascadia during its formation. He retired from diocesan ministry in both jurisdictions in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36791224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791224" title="Pomeroy, Pennsylvania">
Pomeroy, Pennsylvania

Pomeroy is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sadsbury Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 401 at the 2010 census.
It was once the northern terminus of the Pomeroy and Newark Railroad.
Geography.
Pomeroy is located at in the southeast corner of Sadsbury Township. Pennsylvania Route 372 passes through the center of the village, connecting Coatesville to the east with Parkesburg to the west.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which is land and , or 0.88%, is water.

</doc>
<doc id="36791227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791227" title="German submarine U-339">
German submarine U-339

German submarine "U-339" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 7 July 1941 at the "Nordseewerke" yard at Emden as 'werk' 211, launched on 30 June 1942 and commissioned on 25 August under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Georg-Wilhelm Basse.
The U-boat spent most of her career as a training vessel. She sank or damaged no ships.
She was scuttled in May 1945 at war's end near Wilhelmshaven.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla from 25 August 1942. She was then transferred to the 11th flotilla on 1 March 1943. She was reassigned to the 22nd flotilla on 1 April.
Fate.
The boat was seriously damaged by depth charges dropped from a British PBY Catalina of No. 190 Squadron RAF on 26 March 1943. As a result, she spent the rest of the war as a training vessel.
She was scuttled near Wilhelmshaven on 3 May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="36791229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791229" title="Sofia Jernberg">
Sofia Jernberg

Sofia Jernberg (born 5 July 1983, Ethiopia) is a Swedish soprano, voice-artist, improviser and composer.
Between 2002 and 2004, Jernberg studied jazz at Fridhems Folk High School. Later she studied for Per Mårtensson and Henrik Strindberg at The Gotland School of Music Composition. In 2008, she received the Royal Swedish Academy of Music's jazz award.
Jernberg is the leader (together with the pianist Cecilia Persson) of the chamber jazz group Paavo. The group received the "jazz group of the year" award from Swedish Radio.
Jernberg is also working on the contemporary classical music scene, in which she serves as both singer and composer. As a singer she has premiered pieces by composers such as Lars Bröndum. She was a soloist with Norrbotten NEO when they performed Arnold Schönberg's "Pierrot Lunaire". Jernberg has composed for several established ensembles such as Duo ego and Norrbotten NEO.

</doc>
<doc id="36791246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791246" title="Swiss referendums, 1946">
Swiss referendums, 1946

Two referendums were held in Switzerland during 1946. The first was held on 10 February on a federal resolution on a petition on cargo transportation, and was rejected by voters. The second was held on 8 December on a popular initiative on the "right to work", and was also rejected.
Background.
The February referendum on cargo transportation was a mandatory referendum, whilst the December referendum was a popular initiative. Both required a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half.

</doc>
<doc id="36791266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791266" title="Project Cuddle">
Project Cuddle

Project Cuddle is a nation-wide American non-profit organization dedicated to preventing baby abandonment based out of California. It works with pregnant women in distress to provide shelter, to give guidance to find medical and prenatal care, and to help find adoptive families. Its national spokesperson is actor John Stamos. It operates a 24/7 toll-free hotline which treats all calls as confidential. Project Cuddle and its founder, Debbe Magnusen, were featured in a People Magazine article in February 2007 in the popular column Heroes Among Us, on Oprah in April 2000, and again on a special "Cheers To You!" episode on May 9, 2007. They have also been featured on ABC News, CBS News, and Dateline Houston.
History.
Project Cuddle was formed as a 501(c)(3) non-profit charity in 1994 by Debbe Magnusen after having the realization that every day babies were being abandoned around the world by mothers of all ages. She started Project Cuddle in her living room in Costa Mesa, California with the goal of ending baby abandonment as well as giving care and support to pregnant women. Within 12 hours of opening their 24-hour hotline to callers, they received their first call from a young mother. The California State Auditor reported that 404 babies were abandoned in California alone between 2001 and 2007. As of August 2013 the volunteers and employees of Project Cuddle have saved 735 babies from being abandoned and provided the mothers with alternatives.

</doc>
<doc id="36791269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791269" title="Independence Lake">
Independence Lake

Independence Lake is an alpine lake in Pitkin County, Colorado, United States, located high in the Sawatch Range in the Hunter-Fryingpan Wilderness of White River National Forest. It is the source of the Roaring Fork River and is located south and over a pass from Lost Man Lake and north of Twining Peak. The lake is accessible via a trail from State Highway 82 west of Independence Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="36791270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791270" title="Hasan Türk">
Hasan Türk

Hasan Türk (born 20 March 1993 in Gönen, Turkey) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Beşiktaş. He can play as midfielder and as well as adapting himself as a winger. A product of Beşiktaş A2, he was promoted to senior level in the beginning of the 2012-13 season.
Career.
Started his career at Mahmutbeyspor, a local club in Bağcılar district in Istanbul, Türk joined Beşiktaş in 2006. He scored 11 goals in 74 games in youth level. He made his senior level league debut against İstanbul BB in week 1 of 2012-13 season, on 20 August 2012. Türk gained his spot in starting line-up of the team in 2012–13 Turkish Cup 2nd round encounter ended 2–1 for Beşiktaş, against Niğde Belediyespor, Regional Amateur League outfit.

</doc>
<doc id="36791279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791279" title="Moonshell (horse)">
Moonshell (horse)

Moonshell (20 February 1992 - 21 January 2006) was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the Epsom Oaks in 1995. In a racing career which lasted from October 1994 to May 1996 the filly ran five times and won two races. After winning her only race as a two-year-old, Moonshell joined the Godolphin Racing team and spent the winter in Dubai. In the spring of 2005 she returned to England to finish third in the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket and then won the Classic Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom. Moonshell did not run again as a three-year-old and was well beaten in two races in 1996 before being retired to stud.
Background.
Moonshell was a "lengthy, angular" bay mare with a white star, sired by the thirteen time Champion sire Sadler's Wells. Her dam Moon Cactus was a successful racehorse, winning the Sweet Solera Stakes, the Prestige Stakes and the Lupe Stakes as well as finishing second in the Prix de Diane. She made even more of an impact as a broodmare: apart from Moonshell, she produced the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes winner Doyen and Hatha Anna who won the Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Flemington. As a descendant of the broodmare Queen of Light, Moonshell was also related to the classic winners Royal Palace, Fairy Footsteps and Light Cavalry.
Moonshell was originally sent into training with Henry Cecil at his Warren Place stables at Newmarket.
Racing career.
Moonshell did not run as a two-year-old until the late autumn of 1994 when she appeared in a one mile maiden race at Doncaster on 21 October. Ridden by Willie Ryan, she took the lead approaching the final furlong and went clear of her opponents for an impressive three length win.
In the winter of 1994/5, Sheikh Mohammed transferred Moonshell to his Godolphin Racing team. The filly was removed from Cecil's stable and sent to Dubai, under the care of Hilal Ibrahim. The idea was that the warmer conditions would allow horses to develop more quickly, giving them an advantage in the early part of the European Flat-racing season. where her training was managed first by Hilal Ibrahim. The scheme was in its second year but had proved successful in 1994, when Balanchine was narrowly beaten in the 1000 Guineas before winning the Oaks and the Irish Derby. In the spring of 1995, the Godolphin horses returned to the organisations British base at Newmarket, and her training was taken over by Saeed Bin Suroor. Like Balanchine a year earlier, Moonshell was sent straight for the 1000 Guineas without a trial race. She started joint second favourite at odds of 5/1, with her main opposition looking to come from Aqaarid (3/1) and Harayir (5/1), two fillies owned by Sheikh Mohammed's older brother Hamdan Al Maktoum. Ridden by Frankie Dettori Moonshell raced just behind the leaders and stayed on well in the closing stages to finish third to Harayir and Aqaarid, beaten just over two lengths.
At Epsom on 9 June Moonshell started 3/1 second favourite for the Oaks, with Aqaarid being made the 6/4 favourite in a field of ten fillies. Moonshell was positioned just behind the leaders and turned into the straight in third place behind the outsiders Musetta and Dance A Dream. Moonshell moved to the front two furlongs from the finish and was ridden out by Dettori to win by one and a quarter lengths from Dance A Dream. Pure Grain, who went on to win the Irish Oaks and the Yorkshire Oaks, was three quarters of a length away in third, with Aqaarid well beaten in sixth. After the race, Dettori performed a flying dismount and praised the way that the filly had coped with the course and the occasion despite her lack of experience. According to the jockey, Moonshell showed "great courage" and was "an exceptional filly." Shortly after the race, Moonshell sustained a serious injury and did not race again in 1995.
At the end of the year Moonshell was again sent to spend the winter in Dubai. On 25 February, she made her first appearance for more than eight months when she appeared in the Central Trading Company Mile on the dirt course at Nad Al Sheba Racecourse. She finished third of the four runners, beaten more than fifteen lengths by the winner, Airport. Moonshell was sent back to England for the 1996 turf season but made only one appearance when she started 6/1 second favourite for the Jockey Club Stakes at Newmarket on 3 May. After racing just behind the leaders she weakened badly in the last three furlongs and was virtually pulled up by Dettori, finishing tailed-off last of the nine runners behind Riyadian. According to the independent Timeform organisation, Moonshell looked "a shadow" of the filly who won the Oaks and she was immediately retired.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Moonshell a "poor" winner of the Oaks, and the worst filly to win the race since 1967. Timeform gave Moonshell a rating of 117.
Stud record.
As a broodmare, Moonshell was sent to leading stallions including Rainbow Quest, Woodman and Seeking the Gold, but although she produced some minor winners, none of her foals succeeded at Group race level. Her daughter Forest Pearl never raced, but became a successful broodmare, producing the multiple Australian Group One winner Miss Finland. Moonshell died from a haemorrhage on 21 January 2006 when foaling a colt by Pivotal at the Woodpark Stud, County Meath, Ireland.
1998 Alunissage (USA) : Bay colt, foaled 10 February, by Rainbow Quest (USA) - won 1 race and placed 6 times from 13 starts in England and Dubai 2001-2006, including 3rd LR Fred Archer Stakes, Newmarket.
1999 Forest Pearl (USA) : Bay filly, foaled 7 March, by Woodman (USA) - unraced, dam of Miss Finland (AUS) winner of 6 races in Australia including G1Golden Slipper, Rosehill; G1 1000 Guineas, Caulfield; G1 Crown Oaks, Flemington; G1 Cadbury Guineas, Caulfield and G1 Arrowfield Stud Stakes, Rosehill.
2000 Moonsprite (GB) : Bay filly, foaled 7 April, by Seeking The Gold (USA) - won 2 races and placed twice from 6 starts in England 2002-3
2004 Lunar Storm (IRE) : Bay gelding, foaled 1 April, by Machiavellian (USA) - unplaced in 9 starts in England 2008-9
2006 Hatta Diamond (IRE) : Chesnut colt, foaled 21 January, by Pivotal (GB) - won 1 race and placed third once from 6 starts in England 2009

</doc>
<doc id="36791280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791280" title="Weihnachtsberg">
Weihnachtsberg

A Weihnachtsberg is a decorative, mountain-like model of the landscape of the Ore Mountains (between Germany and the Czech Republic), which is set up indoors during the Christmas period. It portrays the nativity scene and mining motifs as well as local themes. The figures and objects are often movable and mechanically driven.
The Weihnachtsberg has its origins in the so-called "Buckelbergwerk" models of the 18th century, which only had mining subjects. In the 19th century, Christmas scenes were added.

</doc>
<doc id="36791283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791283" title="Ray Stephen">
Ray Stephen

Ray Stephen (born 9 December 1962) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Career.
Born in Aberdeen, Stephen played in Scotland and France for Dundee, Nancy, Kilmarnock and Cove Rangers.

</doc>
<doc id="36791297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791297" title="Rondizzoni metro station">
Rondizzoni metro station

Rondizzoni is a metro station on the Line 2 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. It is located in the middle of a depressed alignment of Autopista Central and close to the southeast corner of O'Higgins Park. When the station opened, its name was Rondizzoni-Famae. Afterward, the name was truncated to just Rondizzoni.
The station has an entrance on the Rondizzoni Avenue overpass. Line 2 enters a curved tunnel just south of the station and remains underground until its southern terminus.
For much of their length, the platforms are covered by a concrete canopy supported by steel beams. Several years ago the station was flooded and to prevent future floods the original barred rectangular openings in the platforms walls were filled in and covered with brick tiles.

</doc>
<doc id="36791324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791324" title="William Morris (cricketer)">
William Morris (cricketer)

William Morris (23 November 1873 – 6 May 1945) was an English cricketer. Morris was a right-handed batsman. He was born at Lee, Kent.
Morris made two first-class appearances for Kent in 1896 against the Marylebone Cricket Club at Lord's and Nottinghamshire in the County Championship at Foxgrove Road, Beckenham. He had little success in his two first-class matches, scoring 14 runs at an average of 3.50, with a high score of 6.
He died at Westminster, London, on 6 May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="36791327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791327" title="Lost Man Lake">
Lost Man Lake

Lost Man Lake is an alpine lake in Pitkin County, Colorado, United States, located high in the Sawatch Range in the Hunter-Fryingpan Wilderness of White River National Forest. The lake is accessible via the Lost Man Loop Trail from State Highway 82 west of Independence Pass. The lake is over a pass and north of Independence Lake and northeast of Geissler Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="36791331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791331" title="Madison Records">
Madison Records

Madison Records was an American record label. It was founded in 1958 by Larry Uttal. It lasted until 1961 when Uttal absorbed the label into his newly acquired Bell Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36791343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791343" title="1993 Volvo Tennis San Francisco">
1993 Volvo Tennis San Francisco

The 1993 Volvo Tennis San Francisco was a tennis tournament in San Francisco, CA in the United States and was part of the ATP International Series of the 1993 ATP Tour. The tournament was held from February 1 through February 7. After 21 years it was the final time the tournament was held in San Francisco before switching location to San Jose.

</doc>
<doc id="36791353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791353" title="Wyndal, West Virginia">
Wyndal, West Virginia

Wyndal is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia. Their post office closed in 1930

</doc>
<doc id="36791359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791359" title="Facekini">
Facekini

Facekini (Chinese: 尼龙防晒头套, pinyin: nílóng fángshài tóutào, literally meaning ""nylon sunscreen mask"") is a ski mask designed for swimmers and beachgoers which covers the head and reveals only the eyes, nose, and mouth. This mask is popular in the Chinese city of Qingdao, where it is used by people for protecting themselves from UV rays while tanning and from jellyfish while at the beach. The mask is made of a stretchy fabric that is commonly used in bathing suits, and comes in different colours and patterns. It is often worn with an accompanying body suit with long sleeves. Facekinis are under mass production in China and are available in local swim stores near beaches. 
No reference to the term 'facekini' is used in Chinese newspapers, but in citation speaking about summer 2012 articles in European or American newspapers in their original languages for educational purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="36791363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791363" title="Hollie Arnold">
Hollie Arnold

Hollie Beth Arnold (born 26 June 1994) is an English-born Paralympian athlete competing in category F46 javelin. Although born in Grimsby, she now lives and trains in Cardiff. Arnold competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Personal history.
Arnold was born in Lincolnshire in 1994, growing up in Holton-le-Clay. She was born without her right forearm. When attending a Star Track Athletics course during her Summer holidays she discovered an ability at the javelin. She joined Cleethorpes Athletic Club, but later moved to Hengoed in Wales to be near her athletics coach. She studies at Ystrad Mynach College in Caerphilly and trains out of Cardiff Metropolitan University at Cardiff.
Athletics career.
Her first disability sports event at the age of 11, winning seven gold medals across several events. In 2008, at the age of 14 she was selected to represent Great Britain at the Summer Paralympic Games in Beijing, finishing 11th in the women's F42-46 javelin. She was the youngest member of the 2008 Great Britain team. The next year she won her first significant medals when she competed in the 2009 IWAS World Junior Championships in Switzerland; winning silver in the F46 discus and bronze in the F46 javelin. 2009 was the last year Arnold competed at championships in discus, concentrating fully on the javelin. The following year she improved on her javelin medal when she took silver at the 2010 IWAS World Junior Championship and then took gold at the 2011 Championship which was held in Dubai. 2011 saw Arnold step up to the senior level representing Britain at the IPC Athletics World Championship in New Zealand; she finished third in the F46 javelin, taking the bronze medal. In 2012 she took the silver medal at the IPC Championships. Her personal best at F46 javelin was recorded at 35.88m in June 2012 at the Welsh Championships in Cardiff, ranking her as the world number two in her event going into the 2012 Paralympics. Arnold's personal best was increased at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London with a throw of 36.27m. On 22 July, Arnold competed in the IPC Athletics World Championships in Lyon. She won gold with a winning throw of 37.45m, furthering her personal best again.

</doc>
<doc id="36791368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791368" title="Aeonium archerum">
Aeonium archerum

"Aeonium archerum" is a succulent, subtropical plant of the genus Aeonium and family Crassulaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="36791369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791369" title="Gamoca, West Virginia">
Gamoca, West Virginia

Gamoca is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791371" title="CKVS-FM">
CKVS-FM

CKVS-FM is a new community radio station broadcasting on the frequency of 93.7 MHz/FM in Salmon Arm, British Columbia, Canada.
History.
On August 21, 2012, Voice of the Shuswap Broadcast Society, the owner of the new 93.7 FM received Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) approval to operate a new low-power community FM radio station at Salmon Arm. The radio station began broadcasting December 10th, 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36791398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791398" title="Beelick Knob, West Virginia">
Beelick Knob, West Virginia

Beelick Knob is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36791399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791399" title="Per Mårtensson">
Per Mårtensson

Per Mårtensson, born 1967 in Östersund is a Swedish composer and teacher. He is artistic director and teaches composition at The Gotland School of Music Composition. In 1998 he was given membership in The Society of Swedish Composers. Mårtenssons catalog contains mainly orchestral and chamber music. He has composed music for ensembles such as Norrbotten NEO, Sonanza and Pearls Before Swine Experience. His flute concerto was awarded the Christ Johnson-price prize—the most prestigious composition price in Sweden.
Sources.
Composer biography at Swedish Music

</doc>
<doc id="36791407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791407" title="Henri Nouvel">
Henri Nouvel

Henri Nouvel (1621 or 1624 in Pezenas, Herault (France) – between October 1701 and October 1702 at the St. Francis Xavier Mission 
near Baie des Puants) was a Jesuit priest who spent forty years as a missionary to Native American communities of New France. Nouvel was the first missionary on the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River; and he visited Saginaw 26 years before the French built a fort in Detroit (1701). 
Nouvel was already a priest when he entered the Jesuit order in August 1648, and performed religious functions in France until 1662. He sailed for New France in 1662 as a missionary, arriving in Quebec in August 1662. During his first year in North America, he devoted himself to learning Indian languages. At the end of 1663, he established his first mission in the Rimouski area. Between 1664 and 1669, he did missionary work in the Montagnais territory at Lake Manicouagan.
In 1671, he was sent from to the Jesuit missions in the Great Lakes amongst the Odawa people, and made several trips to various Native American communities before being appointed superior of the Jesuit missions in the region in 1672. The following year, he informed Governor Louis de Buade de Frontenac about fur trading threats with the Indians. In 1674-75, he divided his time between Mission Sainte-Marie and St. Ignace Mission, but was stationed at St. Ignace in 1677 and 1678. He traveled between the Amikwa, Odawa, and Saginaw. He attended the burial of Father Jacques Marquette in 1677 at the St. Ignace Mission.
Between 1688 and 1695, during his second term as superior of the Outaouais mission, Nouvel intervened in the conflict between the Jesuit missionaries and Antoine Laumet de La Mothe, sieur de Cadillac over raids on Native American warriors and trafficking of Eau de vie. During most of his last twenty years of ministry, he lived at the to the mission of St. Francis Xavier Mission near Green Bay, where he died between late 1701 and October 1702.

</doc>
<doc id="36791420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791420" title="1975 AFC Youth Championship">
1975 AFC Youth Championship

The AFC Youth Championship 1975 was held in Kuwait.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
"Sri Lanka withdrew."
Group Stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Group C.
<br>
Group D.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36791422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791422" title="Concho, West Virginia">
Concho, West Virginia

Concho is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia. It was also known as Thurmond Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="36791442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791442" title="HD 203842">
HD 203842

HD 203842 is a F-type star in the constellation of Equuleus.
Properties.
HD 203842's iron abundance is 208.9% of the Sun's.

</doc>
<doc id="36791443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791443" title="Newlyn, West Virginia">
Newlyn, West Virginia

Newlyn was an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791445" title="Williams Lake (New Mexico)">
Williams Lake (New Mexico)

Williams Lake is an alpine lake in Taos County, New Mexico, United States, located high in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains below Wheeler Peak in the Wheeler Peak Wilderness of Carson National Forest. The lake is accessible via the Williams Lake Trail from the trailhead in Taos Ski Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="36791461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791461" title="List of Belgian Football League managers">
List of Belgian Football League managers

There are 34 association football teams in the top two tiers of Belgian football, all of whom have a manager, although the terms "head coach" and "trainer" are more commonly used for the position. The Belgian Pro League is the only fully professional football league in Belgium, with most players in the Belgian Second Division also playing as a professional. The Pro League consists of 16 clubs at the top of the Belgian football league system, while 18 clubs play in the second tier, called the Belgian Second Division.
Some of these managers were appointed as caretaker managers prior to being given a permanent position; if so their caretaker appointment date is denoted in italics. Some managers listed have had more than one spell in charge at their current club, however their time as manager is counted only from the date of their last appointment.
Managers.
Last update: "3 June 2014".

</doc>
<doc id="36791464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791464" title="Red Ash, West Virginia">
Red Ash, West Virginia

Red Ash was an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791470" title="Carbondale, West Virginia">
Carbondale, West Virginia

Carbondale is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791474" title="David Accam">
David Accam

David Accam (born 28 September 1990) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for Swedish club Helsingborg, as an attacker.
Career.
Club career.
Ghana.
Accam did not belong to a club during the first twelve years of his life. He instead spent his time playing with friends on gravel pitches in the parks of Accra. There he was spotted by a scout from Ghana-based Right to Dream Academy where he would spend four years.
England.
In 2008 Accam received a three year scholarship to study at Hartpury College in England. He combined his time there with playing in the English lower leagues. After signing for English club Ledbury Town, Accam scored on his debut in December 2009. He then played for English club Evesham United during the 2010–11 season while also featuring in the reserve team squad at Forest Green Rovers. The fact that Accam was in England on a student visa prevented him from playing for their first team, or any club in a higher division.
After his time at Evesham United he took part in the Nike "The Chance" competition where he was one of eight winners who got to spend the 2011–2012 season with Nike Football Academy.
Sweden.
In March 2012 Accam signed for Swedish third tier side Östersund. English manager Graham Potter was in charge of the club and he had already signed two other Ghanaians who were studying with Accam at Hartpury College. And after scouting him at the Nike Academy he brought Accam with him back to Sweden. Accam became an immediate success with his new team and several Allsvenskan clubs became interested in signing him for the summer transfer window.
Accam was then signed by Allsvenskan club Helsingborg in August 2012, and was due to be loaned back to Östersund for the remainder of the season, but was recalled by Helsingborg for an upcoming Champions League qualifying match against Celtic. The 2 million SEK transfer fee paid by Helsingborg was the highest ever for a player from the Swedish third tier.
International career.
Accam received his first call-up to the Ghana national team for a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Sudan on 24 March 2013, in which he was an unused substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="36791476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791476" title="Julian Pellicano">
Julian Pellicano

Julian Pellicano (born March 7, 1980 in Garden City, New York), is an American conductor. He is currently the Resident Conductor of the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra in Winnipeg, Canada.
Family and ancestry.
Pellicano's parents emigrated from Southern Italy in the 1950s. Many of his ancestors were artists, artisans and amateur musicians. His cousin Antonio Gambula is a conductor based in Genoa, Italy and a cellist in the opera orchestra at the Teatro Carlo Felice.
Musical education.
Pellicano started playing the piano at the age of 5, and percussion shortly after, at age 8. As a child his grandfather taught him to play the accordion. Pellicano went on to receive a double bachelor's degree, from Johns Hopkins University (philosophy) and Peabody Conservatory (percussion), with a minor in orchestral conducting. He studied percussion with Jonathan Haas and conducting with Dr. Harlan Parker.
Pellicano earned a graduate performance diploma from the Royal College of Music in Stockholm, Sweden, where he studied percussion under Anders Loguin, founding member of the Swedish percussion ensemble Kroumata, Roland Johansson, former timpanist of the Royal Stockholm Philharmonic, and Daniel Kåse, principal percussionist of the Royal Stockholm Philharmonic. Pelliano studied conducting with Per Andersberg.
Pellicano received his master of music in percussion and a master of music in orchestral conducting from the Yale School of Music, During his tenure at Yale, Pellicano held a fellowship in orchestral conducting and served as the assistant conductor of the Yale Philharmonia Orchestra under his principal teacher Shinik Hahm. He studied percussion with Robert van Sice and was a member of the Yale Percussion Group.
Conducting career.
Pellicano was appointed Resident Conductor of the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra in 2013. Conductor of the Norfolk New Music Ensemble since 2008, he is on faculty at the Norfolk New Music Workshop and also serves as artist-in-residence at the Norfolk Chamber Music Festival.
Pellicano has worked extensively with living composers, premiering over 40 new works since 2005. He directed the American premiere of Hans Werner Henze's "Drei Geistliche Konzerte" with trumpeter Joel Brennan, as well as the premiere of a new version of "Ballet Mechanique", in which George Antheil's music was paired with Fernand Léger's previously irreconcilable film. Pellicano conducted the recording of Ingram Marshall's "Peaceable Kingdom", released on New World Records, and conducted Pascal Dusapin's chamber opera "To Be Sung" collaborating with soprano Susan Narucki, who directed the production at the University of California San Diego.
Awards and fellowships.
A recipient of the 2008 Presser Music Award Pellicano was funded to visit major orchestras in Europe and the United States, observing conductors Simon Rattle, Daniel Barenboim, David Robertson, John Adams and Michael Tilson Thomas. He was also awarded a fellowship from the Centre Acanthes to conduct the Orchestre Philharmonique du Luxembourg under the mentorship of Peter Eötvös and Zsolt Nagy, and was selected by Kurt Masur to participate in the 2009 Kurt Masur Conducting Seminar. Pellicano is a recipient of Yale's Phillip F. Nelson Award.

</doc>
<doc id="36791480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791480" title="August P. Trovaioli">
August P. Trovaioli

August P. Trovaioli (January 8, 1921-June 21, 1975) was an American educator, artist, and author.
Biography.
Trovaioli was born in Rome, Italy on January 8, 1921. While still an infant, he immigrated to the United States with his parents, Agostino and Anna Trovaioli. They arrived at Ellis Island, New York, aboard the steamship Canada on June 12, 1921, having sailed from Naples. At the time of his arrival, his name was listed as Agostino Filippo Trovaioli. The family subsequently settled in Pennsylvania. Many of his extended family members, dating back some four generations, worked as artists and ceramicists. Trovaioli followed in their footsteps, developing a love for art and art history.
In 1938, he graduated from high school in Uniontown, Pennsylvania and enrolled at the University of Pittsburgh where he served as editor of the school yearbook. After graduating in 1942, he enlisted in the US Army Air Corps and was stationed at Keesler Air Force Base in Biloxi, Mississippi. While stationed in Biloxi, he met his wife, Iris Moore. They were married in 1945, and, following discharge from military service, they settled in Grand Bay, Alabama.
After the war, Trovaioli earned a master’s degree in education from the University of Alabama. He became a teacher in the Mobile County, Alabama public school system, eventually rising to the position of principal at Grand Bay Elementary School and Superintendent of Mobile County Schools. Trovaioli lived in Grand Bay until his death in 1975.
Career.
While developing a lifelong career as an educator, Trovaioli worked in art restoration, restoring pieces for private collectors and public exhibits. He specialized in early American art, and became an authority on the life and work of Southern painter William Aiken Walker.
Trovaioli was instrumental in broadening art education opportunities in both public and private schools across the Gulf Coast. He devoted much of his time and energy to raising public awareness and appreciation of art and was a founding member of the Mobile Art Association, in Mobile, Alabama, the Eastern Shore Art Association in Fairhope, Alabama, and the Singing River Art Association, in Pascagoula, Mississippi.
Published Works.
William Aiken Walker: Southern Genre Painter (Pelican Publishing)

</doc>
<doc id="36791488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791488" title="Wingrove, West Virginia">
Wingrove, West Virginia

Wingrove is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791502" title="Rush Run, West Virginia">
Rush Run, West Virginia

Rush Run was an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791504" title="S.C. Salgueiros 08">
S.C. Salgueiros 08

Sport Clube Salgueiros 08 (), commonly known as simply Salgueiros 08 or Salgueiros, is a Portuguese multi-sports club from the city of Porto, in the northern region of the country. Mostly known for its football team, it currently plays in the Campeonato Nacional which is the third tier of Portuguese football. Although they are based in the parish of Paranhos, they play their home matches at the Complexo Municipal de Pedrouços in Pedrouços, Maia which can accommodate 5,000 spectators.
History.
Salgueiros 08 was created in 2008 as football club to replace the historic club Sport Comércio e Salgueiros, whose football team was suspended after being forbidden to sign players due to financial debts. Starting with a senior football team, the new club soon expanded to futsal and handball teams, also creating female sections for football and handball. In their first season in the district leagues in 2008–09, the football team averaged home attendances of over 2,200 people per game, the 15th highest average attendance nationally, proving that support for the charismatic club was as strong as ever. The team went on to win the Porto FA Second Division title (the 7th tier of Portuguese football) in its very first season. Three more promotions in four seasons led Salgueiros from the regional leagues of the Campeonato Nacional for the 2013–14 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36791513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791513" title="The Calendar of Modern Letters">
The Calendar of Modern Letters

The Calendar of Modern Letters was a short-lived British literary review journal. It was established by the poet Edgell Rickword, and published from March 1925 to July 1927. 
Contributors included Edmund Blunden, Robert Graves, Siegfied Sassoon, D. H. Lawrence, E. M. Forster, Wyndham Lewis, Edwin Muir, Luigi Pirandello, Leonid Leonov, Alexander Nieverov, Isaac Babel, Hart Crane, Allen Tate and John Crowe Ransom. "But what established the journal's reputation and gave it, at all events in retrospect, its "cachet" was less its discovery of new voices than its combativeness as an organ of informed criticism."

</doc>
<doc id="36791514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791514" title="Willis Branch, West Virginia">
Willis Branch, West Virginia

Willis Branch is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia. It was also known as Herberton.

</doc>
<doc id="36791519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791519" title="Spring Cleaning (album)">
Spring Cleaning (album)

Spring Cleaning is the sixth studio album released by the indie rock band Before Braille. It was released on July 2, 2009 by Sunset Alliance Records.
Album Information.
The album's official name is: "Spring Cleaning...Cut, Clean, Scab, Scar, Rewind, Remind, Repeat". The idea of releasing this record appears to have solidified in December 2007, during Kill the Messenger, Keep the Message's final weeks of production. Almost a record of B-sides and rare tracks, David Jensen, former lead-singer of the group, described it as a "collection of songs that were never given their chance on the stage." In the end, the record contains: nine brand new tracks; five out of print compilation songs; two songs from Before Braille's first recording, the "Triplesplit", re-recorded and remastered; and, acoustic recordings of three songs from The Rumor.
Of the "new tracks" that were released on this record, many were actually old songs that had never been properly recorded and released. For example, "This is Not Theory" and "Hooray for Yourself" were originally recorded in 2001 as part of a demo that the band did for Aezra Records. Some of them were re-recorded after the band left Aezra in 2003 and then finished off in 2007. Another such song is "Five Minute Warning (R is for Regret)." According to the band, this song was a fan favorite during their earliest years, although it was never recorded.
Making appearances on this record are: Ian Metzger of Dear and the Headlights on the track "Colic"; Robin Wilson of the Gin Blossoms on the track "Hooray for Yourself"; and, Jason Corman (i.e. Mr. Fantastical) who makes guitar contributions throughout. Bob Hoag served, once again, as producer, and Chuckie Duff at Common Wall Media took care of the album art and design.

</doc>
<doc id="36791531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791531" title="Association of Panamerican Athletics">
Association of Panamerican Athletics

The Association of Panamerican Athletics (APA) ("Spanish": "Asociación Panamericana de Atletismo") is a new regional confederation governing body of athletics for national governing bodies and multi-national federations within North, Central and South America, and the Caribbean, replacing the Pan American Athletics Commission. 
The organization was founded on October 28, 2011, during the XVI Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Jalisco, México. The inaugural president is Víctor López from Puerto Rico, former president of the Central American and Caribbean Athletic Confederation (CACAC).
Championships.
APA organizes the following championships and cups:
Member associations.
Due to the constitution, membership in the Association shall consist of the IAAF member federations which are affiliated members of NACAC and CONSUDATLE as ratified by the IAAF. At this time, APA consists of 44 member federations, 31 of them are member of NACAC, while 13 are member of CONSUDATLE. This means that the APA also comprises the 3 IAAF members without a recognized National Olympic Committee that are therefore no member of the Pan American Sports Organization namely Anguilla, Montserrat, and the Turks and Caicos Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="36791534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791534" title="Hudson (given name)">
Hudson (given name)

Hudson is an English masculine given name which originated from the surname "Hudson".

</doc>
<doc id="36791568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791568" title="Mountain East Conference">
Mountain East Conference

The Mountain East Conference (MEC) is a collegiate athletic conference that competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division II level and officially began competition on September 1, 2013. It consists of 12 schools, mostly in West Virginia with other charter members in Ohio and Virginia.
Formation.
The conference is an offshoot of the West Virginia Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (WVIAC), another Division II conference that had operated primarily in West Virginia since 1924. In June 2012, the nine football-playing schools in that conference announced plans to break away and form a new all-sports conference. The schools that made the initial announcement were the University of Charleston, Concord University, Fairmont State University, Glenville State College, Seton Hill University, Shepherd University, West Liberty University, West Virginia State University, and West Virginia Wesleyan College. All of these schools were in West Virginia, except for Seton Hill, located in Pennsylvania. According to regional media, the split was "supposedly rooted in different philosophies of progressivism", and also was partially driven by a desire to expand the new conference's footprint outside West Virginia. The divisions in the WVIAC were also rooted in the split between public and private schools, although the departing schools included institutions of both types.
At the time of the original announcement, the nine schools planned to expand to at least 12 members. Before the official launch of the conference on August 20, 2012, the MEC sought to add the WVIAC's other Pennsylvania member, the University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown; however, both Seton Hill and Pittsburgh–Johnstown chose to join the Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference. The MEC filled out its charter membership with another West Virginia school, Wheeling Jesuit University; two Ohio schools, Notre Dame College and Urbana University; and the University of Virginia's College at Wise (UVa–Wise), located in Southwest Virginia. Wheeling Jesuit was a WVIAC member that had been left out of the original WVIAC split. Urbana and UVa–Wise were members of the Great Midwest Athletic Conference in 2012–13, while Notre Dame was a Division II independent that had housed five of its 22 sports in the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference. UVa–Wise, which had previously been turned down for WVIAC membership, is transitioning from the NAIA and will not officially become an active D-II member until 2015-16 based on its continued successful progress through the NCAA Membership Process; all of the other charter members were already full D-II members.
At its launch, the MEC had 11 football members, with Wheeling Jesuit being the only non-football school. On February 15, 2013, the NCAA accepted the MEC as its 25th D2 conference. MEC teams will not be eligible for automatic bids to NCAA Division II championships until the 2015–16 school year, but remain eligible for at-large bids.
Sports.
According to the official announcement, the MEC sponsors the following sports:

</doc>
<doc id="36791577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791577" title="Bachman, West Virginia">
Bachman, West Virginia

Bachman is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791578" title="Nikon NIKKOR AF-S 24-120mm f/4G ED VR">
Nikon NIKKOR AF-S 24-120mm f/4G ED VR

The Nikon AF-S Zoom-Nikkor 24-120mm 4G IF-ED VR is a 5x Standard zoom lens with a fixed maximum aperture of f/4 throughout its entire zoom range.

</doc>
<doc id="36791594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791594" title="Dimmock, West Virginia">
Dimmock, West Virginia

Dimmock is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791601" title="Simone Schilder">
Simone Schilder

Simone Schilder (born 7 April 1967) is a former Dutch tennis player. She won a total of two singles and eight doubles ITF titles during her career and on 4 July 1988 reached a singles ranking high of world number 164. On 14 August 1989, Schilder reached a doubles ranking high of world number 71.
Aged 17, Schilder became the 1984 French Open girls' doubles champion and represented the Netherlands at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36791613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791613" title="Thayer, West Virginia">
Thayer, West Virginia

Thayer is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791618" title="Vulnetari">
Vulnetari

The Vulnetari () or Kosovars were a volunteer militia of Albanians from Kosovo set up in 1941 by Italian forces after the successful invasion of Yugoslavia. They served as an auxiliary force for civilian control and protection of villages. Some of the militia served as frontier guards under both Italian and German rule. The Vulnetari fought only in their own local areas, so they fought against both Partisans and Chetniks, "against whom they showed themselves skilled and determined fighters". The Vulnetari of the region of Đakovica went to Plav and Gusinje to support the Italian counteroffensive during the Uprising in Montenegro.
Independently, Vulnetari units often attacked ethnic Serbs and carried out raids against civilian targets. They burned down hundreds of Serbian and Montenegrin villages, killed many people, and carried out plundering campaigns both in Kosovo and Metohija and in neighboring regions.
At the end of World War II, the militia was used to protect retreating German forces. After German forces retreated through Kosovo, members of the Vulnetari militia hid themselves in their villages.
Name.
The name of this unit is derived from Albanian word "Vulnetarë" (volunteers), rendered in Serbian Cyryllic as "вулнетари".
History.
During Invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 Albanian volunteers put themselves at disposal of general Eberhard, the commander of German 60th Infantry division. The Vulnetari were mostly middle-aged Albanian peasants who lived at their homes and did not wear uniforms but only a black-red band around their arms.
According to Smilja Avramov, in June 1941 massacres of the Serbian population in Kosovo and Metohija took on an organized character as the Vulnetari were established.
The commander of the Vulnetari from Rugova was Riz Umeri. Other commanders included Sali Barjaktar, Žuk Adžija and Sali Beba. Ram Alija, from Istok, commanded Vulnetari forces that burned Serbian villages and murdered people in Ibarski Kolašin and Metohija. During one attack, the forces of Bislim Bajgora, helped by Vulnetari from Drenica led by Idriz Redža, burned 22 villages and murdered 150 Serbs.
In mid-July 1941, communication was lost between the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia (CK KPJ) and the neighbouring party organizations in Montenegro and Serbia; the regional committee of the KPJ for Kosovo and Metohija tried to reestablish communication on several occasions and began to move new fighters from their region into Montenegro and Serbia. In two attempts to reach Montenegro and reestablish communication with their Communist organization, more than 20 communists from Metohija were killed by the Vulnetari.
Thousands of Vulnetari and gendarmes commanded by Bislim Bajgora and Šaban Poluža attacked Ibarski Kolašin on 30 September 1941. This region was attacked by Vulnetari from Drenica and Methohija Podgor, and their brutal attacks on the villages of Ibarski Kolašin lasted until 10 October 1941. This attack on Ibarski Kolašin was so violent that the Germans referred to it as the "bloody wave".
On 14 October 1941, Vulnetari forces crossed the Ceranje River and burned Serbian villages up to Lešak. On 15 October 1941, Chetniks from Suva Planina attacked Vulnetari forces and inflicted heavy casualties on them, forcing them to retreat across the Ceranje River. The Chetniks entered Ceranje and burned Albanian houses. On the evening of 15 October, strong Vulnetari forces came from Šalja and forced the Chetniks to retreat during the night. On 16 October, the Chetniks again attacked the Vulnetari militia and forced them to retreat across the Ceranje River. After the battles on 14 and 15 October, all of the Serbian houses between Slatina and Lešak were burned.
On 17 October 1941, the village of Dobruša, near Peć, was attacked by Vulnetari forces consisting of militiamen from Istok, Drenica and Đakovica. The attack was organized by Dževat Begoli, the governor of Istok county. Defenders of the village managed to hold on for three days and left the village together with its population. Houses in Dobruša were then plundered and burned down.
On 30 January 1943, the Vulnetari militia captured the village of Grbole and terrorized the residents. At the end of autumn, they expelled the villagers, plundered their houses, and burned them down. Homesteads of Slav population were routinely sacked by the Vulnetari.
Avdilj Dura, from the village of Dure, near Kačanik, became the commander of 5,000 Vulnetari after the Bulgarian capitulation in September 1944.
Victims.
According to Serbian authors Dušan T. Bataković and Nenad Antonijević the Vulnetari and other paramilitaries murdered 10,000 Serbs in Kosovo and Metohija.
Vulnetari in western Macedonia.
Vulnetari were also set up in western Vardar Macedonia. Five or six companies of between 1,200 and 1,500 vulnetari were set up in Debar. In region of Struga there were two companies of 800 Vulnetari commanded by Bekir aga and Tefik Vlasi. One company of 400 Vulnetari in Rostuša was led by Ali Maliči. The commander of the Kičevo Vulnetari was Mefail, while the commander of the Gostivar Vulnetari was Xhem Hasa.
Aftermath.
Sali Rama, Žuk Adžija, and several outlaws under their command were arrested and sentenced to prison after World War II. Avdilj Dura surrendered in January 1945 together with about 100 outlaws under his command. Bislim Bajgora was killed in 1947.
In 2010, the Macedonian Albanians political party New Democracy proposed for a monument of Xhem Hasa to be built in Gostivar. A monument of Hasa has already been built in his birthplace, village Simnica, in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36791624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791624" title="Prince Bernadotte">
Prince Bernadotte

Prince Bernadotte was an hereditary title in the Nobility of Belgium, conferred upon Carl Bernadotte (the former Prince Carl of Sweden, Duke of Östergötland) by Leopold III of Belgium on 6 July 1937. In Sweden, the Belgian princely Bernadotte family was part of the unintroduced nobility and members of Ointroducerad Adels Förening. The title is now extinct, as Carl Bernadotte had no male line heirs.
The title was a noble title (i.e. prince as a high rank of nobility), not a royal title.

</doc>
<doc id="36791633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791633" title="Tammy Thomas">
Tammy Thomas

Tammy Thomas (born 1970 or 1971) is a former American sprint track cyclist, who won a silver medal at the 2001 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in the individual sprint event. 
Doping.
Thomas was caught up in the BALCO scandal, and tested positive for THG, exhibiting symptoms of virilization consistent with serious anabolic steroid abuse. She was banned for life from cycling and convicted of perjury by lying to the Grand Jury investigation into BALCO.

</doc>
<doc id="36791634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791634" title="Harewood, West Virginia">
Harewood, West Virginia

Harewood is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791635" title="Aaron Reardon">
Aaron Reardon

Aaron Reardon is an American politician and former Executive of Snohomish County in Washington State. Reardon was re-elected to a third consecutive term in November 2011. First elected to the County Executive post in 2003, Reardon was sworn in as the youngest serving County Executive in America. On February 21, 2013, Reardon announced his resignation as County Executive effective May 31, 2013.
Prior to serving as Snohomish County Executive, Reardon served as a Washington State Senator and a member of the state House of Representatives. He holds a double degree in political science and social science with a focus in public administration and economics from Central Washington University. Reardon is married to Kate Reardon and lives in Everett, Washington with his wife and two children.
Reardon attended Mariner High School in Everett and lettered in football, rugby and swimming. His interest in competitive swimming led him to attend Central Washington University, but his swim career ended two months after his arrival - he took a political science course during his first semester and was captivated. He graduated from Central with dual Bachelor of Arts degrees in Economics and Social-Science Public Administration. While at the university, he volunteered on multiple statewide and local Democratic campaigns. His experience running campaigns landed him a paid post-graduate position with the Downtown Seattle Association where he lobbied on behalf of Seattle businesses.
Career.
In 1998, at 27 years of age, Reardon entered and won the election for a vacant State House of Representatives position representing the 38th legislative district, encompassing his hometown of Everett. Reardon was re-elected in 2000, and vacated the seat in 2002 to pursue a Washington State Senate position.
In 2002, Reardon won election to the 38th Legislative District Senate seat, garnering 65 percent of the vote.
In 2003, Reardon won a contested three-way election for the Snohomish County Executive position garnering 52 percent of the vote in the General election. Reardon defeated Democrat Kevin Quigley in a September Primary Election, campaigning on a platform that called for decreasing taxes while implementing a long-term strategic growth plan specific to Snohomish County. The Primary campaign was marred by accusations of dirty politics from both Reardon and Quigley.
In 2007, Reardon retained his seat as County Executive defeating Republican Jack Turk. Reardon received 65 percent of the popular vote.
In 2011, Reardon won a third term as County Executive, dispatching Republican Mike Hope, a Seattle police officer and a current Washington State Legislator.
In August 2012, a Skagit County judge dismissed a petition to recall Reardon because it had not been signed under oath.
On February 21, 2013, Reardon announced his resignation as County Executive effective May 31, 2013. Reardon cited the ongoing toll on him and his family, regarding allegations of improper use of county resources in his re-election campaign and an extra-marital affair. The resignation followed a move by the Snohomish County Council to strip him of his oversight of the county's Department of Information Services.

</doc>
<doc id="36791640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791640" title="West Virginia University School of Public Health">
West Virginia University School of Public Health

The West Virginia University School of Public Health is a school of public health located in the United States city of Morgantown in the state of West Virginia; the WVU School of Public Health is the only School of Public Health in the state of West Virginia.
The WVU School of Public Health offers the following degree programs: the Master of Public Health (MPH) program, with six areas of emphasis including an online degree; the online MS in School Health Education; and the PhD in Public Health Sciences, with three areas of emphasis. The MPH program is fully accredited by the Council on Education for Public Health (CEPH). Council on Education for Public Health (CEPH) Other degrees are accredited by the accrediting body for West Virginia University, the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. The new School of Public Health at WVU has begun the process which leads to school-level accreditation.
History.
On January 19, 2011, the Robert C. Byrd Health Sciences Center’s Chancellor, Christopher Colenda announced that West Virginia University would establish a new School of Public Health (SPH). 
The West Virginia University School of Public Health officially opened for the Fall semester of 2012, starting with 184 students 46 faculty members, including 14 new faculty members. One of the new faculty represents the first collaborative “secondary” appointment with the WVU College of Physical Activity and Sport Sciences.
Online Programs.
The School of Public Health currently offers two online programs, the MS in School Health Education and the MPH in Public Health Practice.
Research.
The WVU School of Public Health has a rich research program with a focus on rural health issues. Perhaps because of its unique rural Appalachian niche, research projects undertaken by the SPH faculty are frequently cited by regional, national, and international news sources (10). A distinguishing feature of the WVU School of Public Health’s research is a very high rate of publication by students with their faculty mentors. A Research Focus newsletter updates the grant participation and peer-reviewed publication of faculty and students on a quarterly basis.

</doc>
<doc id="36791648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791648" title="Chrysis Painter">
Chrysis Painter

The Chrysis Painter was an anonymous ancient Greek red-figure vase painter who worked in Athens around 420–410 BC. He is identified by his name vase, a "hydria" now kept in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York (accession number 06.1021.185).
A total of five pieces have been ascribed to the Chrysis painter. Another of them is kept in the British Museum in London (vase E503).

</doc>
<doc id="36791653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791653" title="Swiss referendums, 1947">
Swiss referendums, 1947

Three referendums were held in Switzerland during 1947. The first was held on 18 May on a popular initiative for "economic reform and rights concerning work", and was rejected by voters. The second and third were both held on 6 July on revising the articles of the federal constitution covering the economy and a federal law on aged and bereavement insurance. Both were approved by voters.
Background.
The May referendum, which was a popular initiative, and the July referendum on amending the constitution, which was a mandatory referendum, both required a double majority; a majority of the popular vote and majority of the cantons. The decision of each canton was based on the vote in that canton. Full cantons counted as one vote, whilst half cantons counted as half. The July referendum on the federal law on aged and bereavement insurance was an optional referendum, which required only a simple majority of votes in favour.

</doc>
<doc id="36791655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791655" title="Sunnyside, Fayette County, West Virginia">
Sunnyside, Fayette County, West Virginia

Sunnyside was an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791658" title="Murder of Joanna Parrish">
Murder of Joanna Parrish

Joanna "Jo" Parrish (30 July 1969 – 17 May 1990) was a 20-year-old language student from Newnham on Severn, Gloucestershire, England, who was murdered in the Burgundy region of France while working at a local school as part of her degree course in 1990. Parrish, an undergraduate of Leeds University who was studying French, disappeared after placing an advertisement in a local Burgundy newspaper offering private English lessons, and arranging to meet a man who it is believed contacted her with details of a potential student. Her naked body was found in the Yonne River at Auxerre on 17 May 1990. She had been raped, beaten and strangled. The crime remains unsolved to the present day.
A major suspect in the case was Michel Fourniret, a convicted serial killer known as "The Beast of Ardennes", who detectives suspected because the murder had similarities to crimes he was convicted of in 2008. Fourniret's wife, Monique Olivier, also gave police several statements linking him to Joanna Parrish's death, but she later withdrew the allegations, claiming they had been made under duress. The case was closed in 2011, but re-opened the following year after the emergence of fresh evidence.
Background.
Joanna Parrish spent much of her formative years in the Gloucestershire village of Newnham on Severn, and was a student at Ribston Hall High School in nearby Gloucester. She attended the University of Leeds to study for a four-year degree in French, a sandwich course that required her to undertake a work placement during the third year. At the time of her death in May 1990, she was teaching English as an assistante at the Lycée Jacques Amyot in Auxerre, and was due to finish a week after her disappearance. Her parents had planned to visit her in France to take home her belongings, while Parrish herself would travel on to Czechoslovakia to join her boyfriend, a fellow Leeds student who had also been working overseas.
To supplement her income during her stay in Auxerre Parrish had advertised her services as a teacher in a local newspaper, offering private English lessons, and according to a flatmate she had been contacted by a man asking her to teach his son. She arranged to meet the caller outside the Banque Populaire in Auxerre at 7pm on 16 May 1990, but did not return home from the appointment. Her naked body was found the following day in the River Yonne, three miles outside the town. She had been raped, beaten and strangled.
Investigation.
A key suspect in the investigation was Michel Fourniret, convicted in 2008 of the murders of seven girls and young women in France and Belgium between 1987 and 2001 – crimes that earned him the nickname "The Beast of Ardennes" – and he was declared an official suspect. Fourniret had been in the area at the time of Parrish's murder, and the crime had similarities to his modus operandi. In particular, Parrish had died in similar circumstances to a number of his victims, having been raped and strangled, and there were puncture marks on her body similar in appearance to puncture marks found on some of the others who had been killed.
The theory that Fourniret was responsible gained added strength when his wife, Monique Olivier twice told detectives that he had confessed to the crime, as well as claiming to have witnessed her husband kill a young woman in Auxerre before dumping her body into the river. Olivier was convicted as an accomplice to the murders after helping her husband to procure victims by offering them a lift. She later retracted her statements, saying they had been given under duress.
In the wake of Fourniret's conviction, DNA evidence collected at the Joanna Parrish crime scene was taken to a specialist laboratory for examination. But at a meeting with French investigators in June 2009 Joanna's father, Roger Parrish was informed that it had been mislaid. Speaking at the time he expressed his disappointment at the loss of the samples: "It is not completely the end of the line but the biggest chance has slipped through our grasp." But in May 2010 it was confirmed that examining magistrates had completed their evaluation of evidence, and decided there was not enough to put Fourniret on trial. The case was formally closed the following year, after prosecutors ruled there was "no case to answer" against Fourniret. Parrish's family expressed their frusttration at the decision by French authorities, particularly as in France charges cannot be brought against a suspect if a murder case remains inactive for ten years. Joanna's mother, Pauline Murrell, wrote Olivier a letter calling on her to tell the truth.
Fresh inquiries.
In June 2012 judges at the Paris appeals court decided to reopen the investigation after the emergence of fresh evidence identifying a new suspect described as "a man with a serious criminal record". A former girlfriend of the individual, known as TV, told police of an evening on which she recalled seeing TV return home "with scratch marks on his face" and "a jean bag looking similar to Miss Parrish's". But it was not clear whether the incident occurred on the same date as the murder. The new inquiries would look at this evidence, as well as re-examining evidence collected against Fourniret in the original investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="36791661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791661" title="Deborah Kampmeier">
Deborah Kampmeier

Deborah Kampmeier is a film director known for the films "Hounddog" and "Virgin".
Films.
Kampmeier's film "Hounddog" debuted at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2007 in the dramatic category, where it was met with a significant amount of controversy over its content. The film features a 12 year old girl named Lewellen played by Dakota Fanning, who lives with her "abusive father and alcoholic grandmother". The inclusion of a non-graphic rape scene caused Christian film critics and activists to negatively comment on the film, with it being called "child abuse" and Bill Donohue calling for a federal investigation against Kampmeier. Donohue stated that the film was breaking anti-pornography laws and that Dakota Fanning was being exploited.
The Sundance Film Festival organizer, Geoffrey Gilmore, praised Kampmeier for trying to cover "challenging material". Kampmeier responded to the criticism by explaining that Fanning and the two other child actors in the film, Cody Hanford and Isabelle Fuhrman, were only acting and decried the attacks against "my mother, my agent ... my teacher, who were all on the set that day" by critics. Fanning also stated herself, "I'm not going through anything like that, it's just my character. It's just another scene and wasn't any different from anything else I've done" and said that the controversy was "blown out of proportion".

</doc>
<doc id="36791664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791664" title="SEGH-CFE 1">
SEGH-CFE 1

SEGH-CFE 1 is a photovoltaic project immediately adjacent to the Comisión Federal de Electricidad power station in Puerto Libertad, Sonora in Mexico, approximately south of the United States border. The project is developed by "Sonora Energy Group Hermosillo, S.A. de C.V.", a privately owned company.
The project, will have capacity of 46.8 MW. The array will consist of 164,211 solar panels. Project EPC responsibilities are being provided by American Electric Technologies Inc. along with combiner boxes, inverters, transformers and switch-yard equipment (NASDAQ: AETI). Substation equipment and interconnect responsibilities are being provided by ABB (NASDAQ: ABB).
Over the course of each year for the next twenty years, the project will generate approximately 107,000,000 kWh of electricity.
All of the electricity will be sold directly to the CFE and absorbed into the utility’s transmission system for distribution throughout their existing network. At an installed capacity of 46.8 MWp, when complete in 2013, the project will be the first utility scale project of its kind in Mexico and the largest solar project of any kind in Latin America. The company has permit applications for three additional projects under review by Mexican officials.

</doc>
<doc id="36791678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791678" title="Turkey Knob, West Virginia">
Turkey Knob, West Virginia

Turkey Knob was an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36791681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791681" title="1976 AFC Youth Championship">
1976 AFC Youth Championship

The AFC Youth Championship 1976 was held in Bangkok, Thailand.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
"Brunei withdrew."
Group Stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Group C.
<br>
Tie-breaker play-off.
<br>
Group D.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36791692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791692" title="Vanetta, West Virginia">
Vanetta, West Virginia

Vanetta was an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36791706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791706" title="Kevin Bond Allen">
Kevin Bond Allen

Kevin Bond Allen is a bishop in the Anglican Church in North America (ACNA). He was consecrated in September 2011 after being elected the first bishop of the Diocese of Cascadia. He serves concurrently as rector of St. Brendan's Anglican Church in Bellingham, Washington.
Education and career.
Allen grew up in Kitsap County, Washington, where he graduated from Central Kitsap High School. He pursued undergraduate and graduate studies at Pacific Lutheran University, Seattle University, General Theological Seminary, and Ridley Hall. 
He has served as a lay missioner in London, pastor of an Episcopal parish in Cambodia, university pastor, and a missionary to Bangladesh through the United Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. Prior to 2008, he was rector of St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Bellingham, in the Diocese of Olympia. In March 2008, Allen was installed as the first full-time rector of St. Brendan's. 
Allen was elected Cascadia's first bishop at the diocesan synod meeting on June 25, 2011. and consecrated on September 30, 2011 by Archbishop Robert Duncan of ACNA.

</doc>
<doc id="36791715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791715" title="Louis Letourneau">
Louis Letourneau

Louis A. Letourneau (1868? - April 29, 1952) was a former hockey owner of the Montreal Canadiens hockey team.
When George Kennedy, Montreal Canadiens owner, died in October 1921, Letourneau, Leo Dandurand and Joseph Cattarinich bought the team for $11,000. This trio was affectionately referred to as the "Three Musketeers" of hockey owners. Letourneau retained his share of the ownership until he sold it in 1932.
He died April 29, 1952 at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="36791751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791751" title="WEA Trust">
WEA Trust

The WEA Trust is a not-for-profit insurance organization headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin. It was created in 1970 by Wisconsin Education Association Council (WEAC) to provide insurance and benefit plans tailored to fit the needs of their members—Wisconsin public school employees and their families.

</doc>
<doc id="36791755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791755" title="Truchet tiles">
Truchet tiles

In information visualization and graphic design, Truchet tiles are square tiles decorated with patterns that are not rotationally symmetric. When placed within a square tiling of the plane, they can form varied patterns, and the orientation of each tile can be used to visualize information associated with the tile's position within the tiling.
Truchet tiles were first described in a 1704 memoir by Sébastien Truchet entitled "Memoir sur les Combinaisons", and were popularized in 1987 by Cyril Stanley Smith.
Variations.
Contrasting triangles.
The tiles originally studied by Truchet use a pattern in which each tile is split into two triangles of contrasting colors. Each such tile has four possible orientations.
Some examples of surface filling made tiling such a pattern.
With a scheme:
With random placement:
Quarter-circles.
A second common form of the Truchet tiles, due to , decorates each tile with two quarter-circles connecting the midpoints of adjacent sides. Each such tile has two possible orientations.
We have such a tiling:
This type of tile has also been used in abstract strategy games Trax and the Black Path Game, prior to Smith's work.
Fournier pattern.
Fournier resumed Truchet's work and proposed alternative patterns:
With Fournier pattern we obtain:
Diagonal.
As a curiosity, a simple maze can be generated by tiles in the form of a white square with a black diagonal. As with the quarter-circle tiles, each such tile has two orientations.

</doc>
<doc id="36791781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791781" title="HD 200661">
HD 200661

HD 200661 is a K-type star in the constellation Equuleus.

</doc>
<doc id="36791789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791789" title="Michelle Picard">
Michelle Picard

Michelle Picard (born May 27, 1993) has represented the United States women's national ice hockey team at the 2011 4 Nations Cup. Picard also participated for the Harvard Crimson women's ice hockey program.
Playing career.
NCAA.
The first point of her NCAA career came on October 29, 2011. She logged an assist for the game-winning goal versus the Clarkson Golden Knights.
USA Hockey.
Picard captained the U.S. National Women's Under-18 Team in 2011. She has won a silver medal with the US Under-18 team at the 2010 IIHF U18 Women's Worlds, and gold in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36791795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791795" title="C17H28N2O3">
C17H28N2O3

The molecular formula C17H28N2O3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36791808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791808" title="Stephen McGlede">
Stephen McGlede

Stephen McGledee (born 13 April 1969) is an Australian cyclist. He won the Silver Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1992 Summer Olympics and the Bronze medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1988 Summer Olympics

</doc>
<doc id="36791811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791811" title="Somethin' 'Bout Kreay">
Somethin' 'Bout Kreay

"Somethin' 'Bout Kreay" is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Kreayshawn, released for digital download on September 14, 2012 and as a Hot Topic-exclusive CD under Columbia Records in the United States. It was released on CD elsewhere on September 25, 2012. The album features guest appearances from Chippy Nonstop, V-Nasty, Sissy Nobby, Kid Cudi and 2 Chainz, while the production was handled mainly by Free School, Jonas Jeberg and DJ Two Stacks, among others.
"Somethin' 'Bout Kreay" received very mixed reviews from music critics. Apart from the singles, which received positive reviews while Gucci Gucci was even critically acclaimed, most of the other tracks were criticized and panned by critics. 
Critical reception.
Somethin' 'Bout Kreay received very mixed reviews. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 42, based on 14 reviews, which indicates "generally average reviews". "Uncut" referred to this term saying "Thanks to her Valley Girl charisma and omnivorous sexual gaze she mostly succeeds." "Uncut" gave also a positive review with 6 of 10 rating. "Rolling Stone" extolled the long player, too, by giving it also a 3 of 5 points rating and furthermore telling "The Oakland MC's debut explores her skill at giving hormonally bonkers post-Odd Future shock rap a bratty, ashtray-Madonna spin."
On the other side Carrie Battan of "Pitchfork" rated the album only 3 out of 10 points and explained ""Somethin' Bout Kreay" could very well be her first and last." At large the production was praised receiving mostly critically acclaim and the fun factor on the record was commended while the lyrics were criticized generally. So "NME" appealed to them by a 5 of 10 stars rating, saying "Over 13 tracks, though, Kreay's 'thing' wears waaay thin." 
A negative review came from "Under The Radar" who said "It's a pop album of awful pop music."
Commercial performance.
"Somethin' 'Bout Kreay" debuted at number 112 on the Billboard 200 in its first week of release, selling 3,900 copies. The physical copy of the album was only sold at Hot Topic, a fact that's probably linked with its poor commercial success. Kreayshawn joked about its weak sales on her Instagram several times.
Track listing.
Track listing confirmed on Amazon. Writing and production credits taken from the album booklet.

</doc>
<doc id="36791854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791854" title="Henry Flesher Bland">
Henry Flesher Bland

Henry Flesher Bland ( 23 August 1818 – 29 December 1898) was a Methodist minister in the Wesleyan tradition who was born in England to a family long rooted in the faith.
Bland spent his adult years in England participated in church work as a lay preeacher. He and his family emigrated to Lower Canada in 1858 and took up residence in Montreal. A lack of church funds made his permanent employment there unlikely. However, he was appointed to the Lachute mission and was ordained there in 1862.
Reverend Bland became an important person in the Methodist Church growth during his career. His reputation as a forceful preacher and church builder earned him a place of honour in the history of Methodism in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="36791863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791863" title="C18H22N2O2">
C18H22N2O2

The molecular formula C18H22N2O2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36791868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791868" title="Well Done 3">
Well Done 3

Well Done 3 is a mixtape by American rapper Tyga, the third installment of his "Well Done" series. It was released on August 19, 2012. "Well Done 3" includes several freestyles, including one to Rick Ross's "Diced Pineapples" featuring fellow labelmate Drake & Wale, originally taken from Ross' sixth studio album "God Forgives, I Don't". Another freestyle to E-40's song "Function", first included on his 16th studio album "", is also included on "Well Done 3", as well as one to Kanye West's single "Mercy", which was included on the G.O.O.D. Music collaboration album, "Cruel Summer". "Riot" by 2 Chainz is freestyled by Tyga and also features Honey Cocaine, and is taken from Chainz's mixtape "T.R.U. REALigion" & his debut album "Based on a T.R.U. Story", while there is also a one to labelmate Nicki Minaj's "I Am Your Leader", featuring Ross & Cam'ron. A version of Game's song "I Remember", which was included on his fifth studio album "Jesus Piece", originally featured Young Jeezy & Future, but on the mixtape, Jeezy is excluded and replaced with a verse from Tyga. The mixtape also includes guest appearances from 2 Chainz, Honey Cocaine, Brick Squad Monopoly member Joe Moses, Kirko Bangz, D-Lo, Game & Future.

</doc>
<doc id="36791886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791886" title="Ghur, Iran">
Ghur, Iran

Ghur (, also Romanized as Ghūr) is a village in Nahr-e Anbar Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36791903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791903" title="Ohio Department of Insurance">
Ohio Department of Insurance

The Ohio Department of Insurance (ODI) provides consumer protection, education and regulation of the insurance marketplace in the state of Ohio in the United States. ODI has over 200 employees, licenses over 1,600 insurance companies, 21,000 insurance agencies and 212,000 insurance agents in Ohio. The current Ohio Department of Insurance Director is Lieutenant Governor Mary Taylor.
History.
The Ohio Department of Insurance was established on March 12, 1872. It was created under the authority of section 121.02 of the Ohio Revised Code (ORC) and is administered by the Director of Insurance. Insurance companies operating in the state of Ohio are subject to regulation under Title 39; and depending upon the entity of the organization, Chapters 1751 and 1753 of the ORC. ODI is charge with seeing that the laws are executed and enforced. Title 39 also provides for the rehabilitation or liquidation of financially troubled insurers. The Office of Liquidation is charged with administering this law. 

</doc>
<doc id="36791907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791907" title="R. Palmer Beasley">
R. Palmer Beasley

Robert Palmer Beasley (April 29, 1936 – August 25, 2012) was a physician, public health educator and epidemiologist whose work on hepatitis B involved extensive investigations in Taiwan. That work established that hepatitis B virus (HBV) is a primary cause of liver cancer and that hepatitis B virus is transmitted from mother to infant during childbirth. Dr. Beasley and his colleagues also proved that HBV mother-to-infant transmission is preventable by at-birth vaccination. Due to this work, the World Health Assembly designated HBV as the seventh global vaccine in 1992. He later became the author of HBV immunization policies for the World Health Organization. Dr. Beasley is also an authority on public health education. He served as the Dean of the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) School of Public Health (UTSPH) from 1987 to 2004. During this period he established the Center for Infectious Diseases which is now headed by Dr. Herbert L. DuPont, an expert in infectious disease. Dr. Beasley and Dr. Dupont have been responsible for a number of efforts to establish international programs, mostly notable in Zambia and India. Also during his deanship, Dr. Beasley assisted foreign schools of public health (e.g., Xi'an Jiaotong University) to establish their Master of Public Health (MPH) programs. In 2003, he traveled to China and Taiwan to help investigate the SARS epidemic.
Awards.
During his career, Dr. Beasley received a number of prestigious international awards and/or prizes, including the King Faisal International Prize in Medicine in 1985, the Charles S. Mott Prize in Medicine in 1987, the Prince Mahidol Award in Medicine in 1999, the Taiwan National Health Medal 1st Order in 2000, the Hepatitis B Foundation’s Distinguished Scientist Award in 2010, and recently the 2011 Maxwell Finland Award from the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases.
Early life and education.
Dr. R. Palmer Beasley was born in Glendale, California in April 29, 1936 to Robert Seth Beasley and Bernice Palmer Beasley. Both his grandfather and father were bankers, while his mother was a lecturer. Both Palmer Beasley and his younger brother, Bruce Miller Beasley, attended public schools. Bruce Beasley is now an internationally recognized abstract expressionist sculptor who lives and works in Oakland, California. 
Palmer Beasley received his Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree in philosophy, with a concentration in causation from Dartmouth College in 1958. He studied medicine at Harvard Medical School where he was a student of Dr. Maxwell Finland and graduated in 1962. Upon graduating from medical school, he interned at King County Hospital in Seattle, WA. From 1963 to 1965 he worked in the Epidemic Intelligence Service (EIS) in Atlanta, GA. Dr. Beasley returned to Seattle in 1965 to start his residency at the University of Washington Hospital and in 1967 became a senior fellow in preventive medicine at the University of Washington School of Medicine.
Academic career.
From 1969 to 1986, Dr. Beasley was an Assistant Professor, then Associate Professor, then full Professor of Preventive Medicine (adjunct with Internal Medicine) in the Department of Epidemiology, at the University of Washington School of Public Health and Community Medicine. In 1979 he became Director of the American University Medical Center (AUMC) in Taipei, Taiwan. From 1986 to 1987, Dr. Beasley served as Professor of Medicine and Head of the Division of AIDS and Chronic Viral Infections at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). He assumed the position of Dean at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) School of Public Health (UTSPH) in 1987, and remained dean until 2004. In 2005, he stepped down from the Deanship and had been an Ashbel Smith Professor, Director of the Center for International Training and Research (CITAR) and Dean Emeritus at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) School of Public Health until his death in August 25, 2012. Currently, CITAR attracts international students from Asia--primarily Vietnam, Thailand, China--as well as Africa to attend courses and seminars and conduct research in HIV/AIDS and cancers caused by infectious agents.
Research on Hepatitis B.
Dr. Beasley's research on hepatitis B spans 14 years from 1972 to 1986 in Taiwan. Before beginning his research on hepatitis B, Dr. Beasley worked on rubella in Taiwan during the late 1960s and early 1970s with Professor Thomas Grayston who was the first Dean and founder of the University of Washington School of Public Health and later became the Vice President of the University of Washington (UW). While working on a project on the efficacy of the Rubella vaccine, Dr. Beasley became interested in hepatitis as "the infectious disease problem least understood and seemingly most important among those that remained unconquered after polio, smallpox, and measles had been brought under control.".
In 1964, Dr. Baruch Samuel Blumberg discovered a surface antigen for hepatitis B in the blood of an Australian aborigine and, together with his team, developed a screening test. In 1974 Dr. Baruch Samuel Blumberg was awarded a Nobel Prize for this discovery. The Abbott Laboratories then developed a more sensitive and specific radioimmunoassay technique to detect the surface antigen of hepatitis B.
Dr. Beasley was excited that this technique would bring a new tool for his epidemiological study on hepatitis B. At that time, hepatitis B was known to be transmitted only from blood (i.e., transfusions, injections, blood products or inadvertent needle sticks). However, an important question occurred to him: “How was the virus transferred prior to the advent of modern technology?” 
"Since transfusions are relatively recent in human history, how was this agent transmitted in nature before that?" he asked. Beasley says he "got a lot of puzzled looks" but no answers. "I suggested we ought to look to see if it isn't transmitted from mothers to babies, since that's the commonest way in nature that blood is shared between people. With that hypothesis I went to Taiwan and, with the Abbott Laboratories test, began screening and detecting carrier pregnant women in the obstetric clinics at the hospitals in Taipei. After some months of doing this, we had determined that almost 20% of the mothers in Taiwan were hepatitis B carriers, which is a phenomenally high rate." That figure contrasts sharply to a rate of less than 1% in the U.S. "About 40% of the babies of those carrier-mothers became infected," said Beasley.
Dr. Beasley then showed that the “E” antigen is a good predictor for vertical transmission from mother-to-infant. This observation led to new clinical trials on the hypothesis of whether the hepatitis B immune globulin (HBIG) protects newborns from being vertically transmitted from their mothers. Dr. Beasley and his team reported that babies receiving HBIG within a few hours of birth were protected whereas there was no protection for those who received HBIG after 24 hours. HBIG was then refined for administration to all newborns within minutes after birth. The results were astounding as the incidence of infection was reduced by approximately 75%.
At the same time, Dr. Beasley tried to test his hypothesis that hepatitis B causes liver cancer. However, he “ran into enormous skepticism by almost everybody” and “people were saying I was crazy.” The notion at that time was that the cause of liver cancer was already known to be aflatoxins. With the start of the War on Cancer, beginning in 1975, the major focus in cancer research was on environmental factors.
Nonetheless, Dr. Beasley pursued his controversial hypothesis by designing one of the first large cohort studies to test the link between hepatitis B and liver cancer. With his co-investigator, Dr. Lu-Yu Hwang, and the Taiwan team of investigators, he conducted a study of over 22,000 government workers starting in 1974 and followed them up to the present. That long-term study found that the risk of liver cancer was 60 times higher in chronic HBV infected persons than non-HBV carriers, and that the life-time risk of dying from liver cancer was 40% in infected men and 15% in infected women. Noted that the association between liver cancer and HBV carriers was stronger than the association between lung cancer and smoking (i.e., 20-25 times). “It’s one of the highest relative risks that anyone has ever seen,” said Beasley. However, skepticism remained “because many people feel that establishing causation requires elucidating a plausible mechanism by which the effect occurs,” he recalled.
In 1984, a vaccine program was launched in Taiwan and, in 1997, Taiwan reported a significant drop in liver cancer rates in children under 15 years of age after the adoption of a national universal newborn vaccination program. Following the recommendation of the World Health Organization in 1992, HBV vaccine has been used globally and was, at the time, the only immunization available to prevent a major human cancer. By the end of July 2011, 179 countries worldwide used hepatitis B vaccine as part of their national vaccination programs.
Dr. Beasley's work, and subsequent investigations by other researchers, has proved that there is a causal relationship between hepatitis and liver cancer. In 2005, HBV was officially recognized as one of 58 known agents that cause human cancer.
"Dr. Beasley has saved countless lives from cirrhosis and liver cancer through his work on the epidemiology and prevention of hepatitis B," according to Dr. Herbert L. DuPont, Director of the Center for Infectious Diseases at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston School of Public Health. "He is a giant in the field of infectious diseases.". 
Dr. Samuel Katz (pediatrician), Chairman Emeritus of the Department of Pediatrics at the Duke Children’s Hospital and Health Center, Duke University Health System, has said, “Palmer’s abundant achievements are highlighted most by his 14 years in Taiwan, where he was responsible for a succession of investigations—clinical, epidemiological and laboratory—which led to a full understanding of the spectrum of hepatitis B virus infection. These studies elucidated its virology, immunology, transmission and clinical manifestations, including its causal link to chronic hepatitis, cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma.” Dr. Beasley “demonstrated the efficacy of hepatitis B immune globulin in blocking infection, especially maternal-infant, and hepatitis B vaccine in its prevention. His longitudinal observations were the first to demonstrate that hepatocellular carcinoma was prevented in Taiwanese males by early life vaccination. Subsequent studies involved the then newly identified hepatitis C virus,” Dr. Katz writes. 
According to Dr. Cladd E. Stevens, his former student at the University of Washington who worked with Dr. Beasley in Taiwanese studies, “Dr. Beasley’s work the thorough understanding and effective prevention of HBV infection and its long-term consequences on a global scale, making hepatocellular carcinoma and cirrhosis of the liver--one of the primary causes of death for much of the developing world of Asia, Africa and the Middle East--a thing of the past for current and future generations.” 
At the ceremony where Dr. Beasley was given the 2010 Hepatitis B Foundation's Distinguished Scientist Award, Dr. Baruch Samuel Blumberg said "There are at least a million people alive today who would not be if it were not for Dr. Beasley's research.". On that occasion, Roberta T. Ness, Dean of the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) School of Public Health (UTSPH), said in The Medical News, “Dr. Beasley’s contributions to understanding the link between hepatitis B and liver cancer have saved thousands of lives. His work not only transformed our understanding of the cause of liver cancer, but then spearheaded the solution through vaccination.”.
Public health education.
Dr. Beasley represented UTSPH to the Association of Schools of Public Health (ASPH) for almost 20 years. During those years he visited most of the now 38 schools of public health in the US, represented ASPH as a counselor/board member on the Council on Education for Public Health (CEPH), chaired several of the key committees of ASPH including the Education Committee, and the International Health Committee. He also served on the ASPH's Executive Committee as Treasurer, Vice President, and later President. As President he led efforts to strengthen the accreditation criteria and procedures used by CEPH, increase practical as part of MPH level education, establish credentialing for public health professionals, increase funding for the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), reform the CDC to included better funding for extramural investigators, and build closer ties with foreign schools of public health. He has visited many schools of public health in many countries and as President of the ASPH he initiated an effort to have the schools cooperate to encourage public health education in India through the establishment of national schools of public health. He has also served as internal advisor to several established foreign schools of public health (e.g. London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, National Taiwan University School of Public Health), and schools in evolution (e.g. Kyoto University). In his roles on CEPH and ASPH he has reviewed the accreditation documents of every school of public health in the United States. 
In 2005 the ASPH gave greater emphasis to international health when it created a new cross-divisional Global Health Program with funding from an FIC Framework grant jointly to UT and Baylor College of Medicine. This highly successful program has stimulated increasing numbers of students and faculty to learn about global health issues and seek experiences in developing countries. 
After stepping down from the Deanship in 2005, Dr. Beasley has devoted most of his time and effort to global health research and training. In 2004, he created CITAR, under the sponsorship of the John E. Fogarty International Center, NIH to provide a training focus for foreign students seeking graduate level proficiency related to HIV research with its initial focus on Vietnam. In 2007, he began a program of summer research internships for American students in international settings.
Personal life.
Dr. Beasley was married to Dr. Lu-Yu Hwang, who is also a world-renowned expert in HIV and HBV and is currently a Professor of Epidemiology at the University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth) School of Public Health (UTSPH). He has two children from a previous marriage, and one child with Dr. Hwang.
Books.
Dr. Beasley was the Chair of the Committee on the Prevention and Control of Viral Hepatitis Infections Board on Population Health and Public Health Practice at the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences for the book titled “Hepatitis and Liver Cancer: A National Strategy for Prevention and Control of Hepatitis B and C”, edited by Heather M. Colvin and Abigail E. Mitchell and published in 2009.
Death.
Beasley died at his home in Houston, Texas on August 25, 2012, after a long battle with pancreatic cancer. 
In his obituary at the New York Times, August 27, 2012, Dr. DuPont, the director of the Center for Infectious Diseases at the University of Texas, commented on Dr. Beasley's pioneer work in Taiwan “It’s almost like an Albert Schweitzer trying to figure out Africa. It’s a very unusual thing in medicine to see a senior person like Palmer Beasley living and fighting those wars himself.”
The Houston Chronicle on August 27, 2012 runs the title "Dr. Palmer Beasley was instrumental in linking liver cancer, hepatitis B". The article also quoted part of his interview with Houston Chronicle in which he said: ""I decided what we now call hepatitis B looked like the most poorly understood and least-controlled infectious disease problem in the world, and, therefore, the most important frontier," and his difficulty in convincing the Chinese that the disease was worth funding. 
The Liberty Times, a daily newspaper in Taiwan, on August 29, 2012 runs an article with a title “Those Taiwanese born after 1984, please say Thank You to Dr. Beasley” 

</doc>
<doc id="36791923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791923" title="Gunpowder engine">
Gunpowder engine

A gunpowder engine, also known as an explosion engine or Huygens' engine, is a type of internal combustion engine using gunpowder as its fuel. The concept was first explored during the 1600s, most notably by famous Dutch polymath Christiaan Huygens. George Cayley also experimented with the design in the early 1800s as an aircraft engine, and claims to have made models that worked for a short time. There is also a persistent claim that conventional carboretted gasoline engine can be run on gunpowder, but no examples of a successful conversion can be documented.
Earliest mentions.
The earliest references to a gunpowder engine appear to be those of Samuel Morland in 1661. This consists solely of a letter of patent written by King Charles the Second that was received at Whitehall on 11 December 1661. No other information about this "engine" remains, but the description involves the use of vacuum to draw water.
The next known reference is by Jean de Hautefeuille in 1678, suggested as a solution to the problem of raising water from the Seine to supply Versailles. He presented two ideas, one using the vacuum like Morland's idea, and a second that used a U-shaped tube with water in one side and air in the other. When the gunpowder was lit in the air-filled side, the rise in pressure would drive the water up the other side.
Like early steam engine designs, these engines used the air or vacuum created by gunpowder to directly lift the water. There were no mechanical parts in the manner of modern engines, which translate the power in the gas pressure into any needed mechanical form.
Huygens and Papin.
In 1671, Denis Papin was given a job at the Academy of the Royal Library in Paris, where he worked under the Curator of Experiments, Christiaan Huygens. Huygens set Papin to the task of carrying out a research effort on air and vacuum, at that time a matter of widespread international study. As part of the experiments, Papin measured the force of a small amount of gunpowder lit in small iron and copper vessels. Papin published an account of all of these experiments in 1674 in "New experiments on the vacuum, with a description of the machines used for making them".
Papin moved to London shortly after publication, and from then on was more involved in the development of steam. Although his developments pointed the way towards the early steam engine, Papin himself became more interested in the latent heat of steam and developed the "steam digester", the first pressure cooker. He also conceived of a number of devices using air pressure as a working fluid, include a series of fountains, pumps, and similar devices.
In spite of there being no further examples of particle work on the part of Papin, he did carry on a continued correspondence with Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz on this and other topics. Leibniz tried to interest Papin in further development throughout, at one point noting "Yet I would well counsel Monsieur, to undertake more considerable things which would force everyone to give their approbation and would truly change the state of things. The two items of binding together the pneumatic machine and gunpowder and applying the force of fire to vehicles would truly be of this nature" Papin replied that he had constructed a small model of a paddle-wheel boat, but the type of engine is not stated.
Huygens' engine.
Huygens, however, became interested in the mechanical power of the vacuum, and the possibility of using gunpowder to produce one. In 1678 he outlined a gunpowder engine consisting of a vertical tube containing a piston. Gunpowder was inserted into the tube and lit through a small hole at the base, like a cannon. The expanding gasses would drive the piston up the tube until the reached a point near the top. Here, the piston uncovered holes in the tube that allowed any remaining hot gasses to escape. The weight of the piston and the vacuum formed by the cooling gasses in the now-closed cylinder drew the piston back into the tube, lifting a test mass to provide power.
According to sources, a single example of this sort of engine was built in 1678 or 79 using a cannon as the cylinder. The cylinder was held down to a base where the gunpowder sat, making it a breech loading design. The gasses escaped via two leather tubes attached at the top of the barrel. When the piston reached them the gasses blew the tubes open, and when the pressure fell, gravity pulled the leather down causing the tubes droop to the side of the cylinder, sealing the holes.
Huygens’ presented a paper on his invention in 1680, "A New Motive Power by Means of Gunpowder and Air". By 1682, the device had successfully shown that a dram (1/16th of an ounce) of gunpowder, in a cylinder seven or eight feet high and fifteen or eighteen inches in diameter, could raise seven or eight boys (or about 1,100 pounds) into the air, who held the end of the rope. However, there is considerable debate in modern sources as to whether or not the engine could have been built. Sealing the piston within the cylinder proved to be a very difficult problem in modern recreations.
From that point, few mentions of early gunpowder engines are found. The use of steam, especially after the introduction of the atmospheric engine in 1712, captured all further development effort.
Cayley.
As part of his investigations of powered flight, George Cayley was concerned about the low power-to-weight ratio of steam engines, complaining that "the steam engine has hither proved to weighty and cumbrous for most purposes of locomotion." He took up development of a new engine design starting in 1807, and quickly settled on a gunpowder engines as the preferred solution, noting "Being in want of a simple & light first mover on a small scale for the purpose of some preparatory experiments on aerial navigation, I constructed one in which the force of gunpowder & the heat evolved by its explosion, acting upon a quantity of common air, was employed."
His notebooks show a design of considerable improvement over those of Huygens and similar. In Cayley's design, two cylinders were arranged one over the other, the lower acting as a combustion chamber, and the upper containing a piston. A small charge of gunpowder was introduced into the bottom of the lower cylinder and lit by a hot rod heated by candles. The expanded gasses pushed the piston up, and this energy was captured in a large bow, in effect, drawing the bow back as if readying to fire an arrow. The bowstring pushed the piston rod back down as the gasses escaped and cooled, completing the cycle.
In a later version, Cayley attempted to solve the problem of continual cycling. In this version, the combustion chamber was removed to a separate cylinder placed to the side of the power cylinder. Gunpowder was stored in the upper portion of this chamber, and small amounts were metered out to fall into the combustion area below. The hot gasses were then piped out of the combustion area into the power cylinder. This consisted of two pistons on a common piston rod, with the gasses flowing into alternate sides of the cylinder to form a double-acting engine.
In a letter, Cayley stated that he had constructed one of these designs (although which is not mentioned), but also stated that it did not work very well. Over time he designed several flying machines using the engine, but no larger working model appears to have been attempted.
Paine and others.
Thomas Paine introduced an entirely new type of engine design, one that bore more resemblance to a water wheel than a conventional engine. In Paine's engine, a series of cup-like combustion chambers were arranged around a wheel. As the wheel turned, each cup received a small amount of gunpowder from a central container and was then lit.
The literature contains numerous other mentions of gunpowder engines, but it does not appear any were used operationally.
In modern engines.
The idea that a conventional gasoline engine can be run on gunpowder is a persistent topic of discussion. It was taken up by MythBusters on Episode 63, and after a number of attempts it was considered "busted". However, an engineer took up the challenge of the concept and built a working design. This used gunpowder in an external chamber to create high pressure air, which was then sent into a conventional piston from a steam engine design.

</doc>
<doc id="36791930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791930" title="Vital (Anberlin album)">
Vital (Anberlin album)

Vital is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Anberlin which was released on October 16, 2012. In interviews, vocalist Stephen Christian has stated the album has a youthful, energetic energy and features new influences for the band. Upon release, the album was met with favorable reviews from critics and fans alike. The album was re-released in 2013 as Devotion, adding the deluxe tracks from various retailers, new remixes, and a full live album.
Critical reception.
"Vital" garnered generally positive reception from music critics. The review aggregator website Metacritic gives a weighted average rating to an album based upon the selected independent mainstream reviews it utilizes, and the album has a Metascore of a 77 out of 100 based on five reviews.
At "Alternative Press", Evan Lucy stating that ""Vital" the most well-rounded Anberlin album to date." Matt Collar of AllMusic saying that "Ultimately, while Vital is Anberlin's most challenging album to date, as the title implies, it is perhaps the band's most rewarding album." At AbsolutePunk, Jack Appleby writing that "Calling "Vital" a career-defining record isn't a stretch in the least", which it "is the best record in Anberlin’s 10 year career, bar none." SowingSeason of Sputnikmusic remarking that "Even if it isn’t the best album they’ve ever made, "Vital" is perhaps the smartest", that contains some "otherworldly vocals." At Melodic, Johan Wippsson commenting that "the band has kept the energy that characterizes their sound and overall it’s an album that shows that the band is in the right direction."
At "CCM Magazine", Andy Argyrakis saying that "Not only does the collection boast unbridled energy and spiritually-infused emotion, but it also serves as an official bookend to the group's crown jewel "Cities"" Stephen Luff of Cross Rhythms writing that "there are some truly outstanding tracks here", and that is why he states Anberlin "have delivered a gem of an album." At "HM Magazine", Doug Van Pelt stating that ""Vital" has progressively shown the band churning out polished, melodic yet aggressive tunes that ever so slightly expand on the band's trademark sound", and that they "avoiding anything stale." Jeremy V. Jones of "Christianity Today" remarking that ""Vital" is enhanced by female backing vocals and, more significantly, washed with big, splashy synthesizer."
At Jesus Freak Hideout, Roger Gelwicks saying that "Standing on its own merit, "Vital" is a particularly durable alternative rock release with eleven tracks of excellence", which is why ""Vital" forcefully satisfies to the very last drop." John DiBiase of Jesus Freak Hideout writing that ""Vital" is definitely amid Anberlin's best records yet and [...] this is a truly refreshing album." At New Release Tuesday, Jonathan Francesco saying that "Vital hits all the right notes at just the right times and you're left with the closest thing to a flawless record you'll find this year. Vital is the definition of a band in their element." Carter Fraser of Indie Vision Music remarking that ""Vital" is as accomplished as anything Anberlin have released to date, simply in another direction."
At Artist Direct, Rick Florino writing that ""Vital" sees Anberlin's heart beating faster and stronger than ever. There's lots of blood, and that's a good thing…" Tyler Hess of Christian Music Zine stating that "Vital holds up well on own and shouldn’t be missed." At Louder Than The Music, Jono Davies saying that "So close, but not perfect yet." Jonathan Anderson of The New Review commenting that "Anberlin has successfully created an album that will immediately please fans of both their old and new work, and at the same time, "Vital" will attract brand new fans"; however, Anderson will not "go so far as to say that it blows the esteemed "Cities" out of the water, but believe[s "Vital" has taken a careful step into first place as the pinnacle release of their career."
Tracklist.
"Pretend to Be Friends", a 25-minute short film with music composed by the band, comes on a DVD with the Best Buy deluxe edition, but it is actually 18:59 in length.

</doc>
<doc id="36791958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791958" title="Aaron Williams (footballer)">
Aaron Williams (footballer)

Aaron John Williams (born 21 October 1993 in West Bromwich) is an English footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Walsall. Following his release from the club, Williams dropped to non-league and currently plays part-time for Worcester City of the Conference North, where he is often employed in a wider role as a winger. He has also played for non-league sides Redditch United, Romulus and AFC Telford United on loan.
Career.
Walsall.
Early career.
Williams was born in West Bromwich, in the metropolitan borough of Sandwell, West Midlands. He grew up in nearby Wednesbury and attended Wodensborough Community Technology College, supporting Birmingham City as a youngster. He joined Walsall as an eight-year-old and later trained with Manchester United (as the clubs had a partnership at the time), but opted to remain with Walsall to stay close to home and get more game time. He eventually worked his way through the ranks at the Bescot Stadium, scoring 22 league goals for the youth team in the 2011–12 season.
Redditch United loan.
He joined up with Redditch United on a work experience loan deal in late 2011 and made his debut in a 1-0 loss to Stourbridge on 26 December. At Redditch, Williams operated as a utility player, notably playing as a centre-back in a January 2012 game against Leamington. The side also looked to utilise his long throwing ability. He played a total of three games for Redditch before signing a one-year professional contract with Walsall ahead of the 2012–13 season.
2012–13 season.
He was later handed the #19 shirt and made his professional debut as a second-half substitute for Nicky Featherstone on 21 August 2012 against Oldham Athletic. Williams made a total of eight appearances for Walsall in 2012, six of which came in league fixtures.
Romulus and AFC Telford United loans.
On 2 January 2013, Williams joined non-league side Romulus on a one-month loan deal. He played his first game for the club that day, a 1–1 draw with Sutton Coldfield Town. After three appearances for Romulus, he returned to Walsall. Following Walsall's good form towards the latter stages of the 2012–13 season, Williams struggled to break into the first team and was again sent out on loan. 
On 6 March 2013 he signed for AFC Telford United of the Conference National in an initial one-month loan deal, wearing the number 20 shirt. His debut came in a 0–2 home loss to Macclesfield Town on 9 March 2013.
Williams scored the first professional goal of his career for Telford against Woking in a 5–2 away defeat on 16 March 2013. Despite the club being relegated from the Conference National on 30 March 2013, Walsall allowed Williams to remain with Telford until the end of the season to gain valuable playing experience. On 13 April 2013 he scored a hat-trick in just 17 minutes of play in an away game against Ebbsfleet United. Williams' three goals helped the club come back from a one-goal deficit to claim a 3–1 win. This victory ended Telford's 30-game run without a league win and condemned Ebbsfleet United to relegation from the Football Conference. In total, Williams played 10 games for Telford and managed to score 4 goals in all competitions.
Williams returned to Walsall but was released at the end of the season, alongside George Bowerman, Richard Taundry, Connor Taylor and Jake Jones.
Worcester City.
Following the club's relegation new Telford manager Liam Watson offered Williams the chance to rejoin the club for pre-season training in a bid to try and earn a contract, however a permanent deal never materialised. Later in the summer of 2013, Williams went on trial with another Conference North side, Worcester City. He played in friendly fixtures against Nuneaton Town, Stourport Swifts, Westfields and Loughborough University, scoring against the latter. On 31 July 2013, after impressing whilst on trial at the club, Worcester City announced that they had signed Williams for the 2013-14 season.
Williams started the season as a part of manager Carl Heeley's new-look, younger Worcester side, playing alongside the likes of former Aston Villa youth prospect Ebby Nelson-Addy and former Walsall team-mate Richard Taundry. On 26 October 2013, Williams scored his first goal for Worcester City, opening the scoring in an FA Cup Fourth Road Qualifying game against Conference National side Lincoln City. A late Andrew Boyce goal denied Worcester the victory, but Worcester earned a replay at Sincil Bank (which was ultimately lost 3–0 three days later).
On 3 December 2013, Williams scored against his former club AFC Telford United in an FA Trophy First Round Replay at the New Bucks Head. His goal was Worcester's third in a 3–0 victory. The second goal of the game was initially reported by Telford's website as an Aaron Williams goal, but Worcester later confirmed that it had been awarded to his team-mate Ellis Deeney. Williams' first league goal of the season was Worcester's second in a 2–1 home victory against Colwyn Bay on 18 January 2014. Williams came off the bench to score the winning goal for Worcester on 1 March 2014, heading in a Steven Leslie cross with ten minutes remaining in a 2–1 home victory over Stalybridge Celtic. On 18 March 2014, manager Carl Heeley opted for a much-changed, youthful line-up against Williams' former club Redditch United in the Worcestershire Senior Cup. Williams was named as Worcester captain for the game, however he could not prevent a 2–0 Redditch victory.
Williams played a total of 49 times for Worcester during the 2013–14 season in all competitions, scoring 4 goals. 39 appearances and 2 goals were achieved in the league.

</doc>
<doc id="36791959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791959" title="Norman Aviation Nordic II">
Norman Aviation Nordic II

The Norman Aviation Nordic II is a Canadian advanced ultralight aircraft, designed by Jacques Norman and produced by Norman Aviation of Saint-Anselme, Quebec, first flying in 1986. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft and remained in production through 2012.
Design and development.
The Nordic II was designed to comply with the Canadian ultralight rules. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit with doors, fixed conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft fuselage is made from welded steel tubing, with its wings made from wood and all surfaces covered in doped aircraft fabric. Its span wing has an area of and mounts flaps. The wing is supported by V-struts and jury struts. The cockpit width is . The standard engines used are the Rotax 582 two-stroke, the Rotax 912UL or Subaru EA four-stroke powerplants.
Construction time from the factory supplied kit is estimated at 300 hours.
Operational history.
In August 2012 there were thirteen Nordic IIs on the Transport Canada Civil Aviation Register. 

</doc>
<doc id="36791971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36791971" title="Bardi, Iran">
Bardi, Iran

Bardi (, also Romanized as Bardī) is a village in Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District, Zarrinabad District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 853, in 165 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792006" title="John Gosling (cricketer, born 1833)">
John Gosling (cricketer, born 1833)

John Frederick Gosling (19 February 1833 – 16 October 1882) was an English cricketer. Gosling's batting style is unknown. He was born at North Cray, Kent, and was educated at Rugby School.
Gosling made a single first-class appearance for Kent against England in 1858 at the St Lawrence Ground, Canterbury. Kent won the toss and elected to bat first, making 85 all out, with Gosling being stumped by Tom Lockyer off the bowling of Edward Drake for 2 runs. England responded in their first-innings by making 66 all out, with Kent then making 103 all out in their second-innings, with Gosling being dismissed for a duck by Jem Grundy. Set a target of 123 for victory, England reached their target with five wickets to spare. This was his only major appearance for Kent.
He died at Bream, Gloucestershire, on 16 October 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="36792039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792039" title="Female State Supreme Court Justices">
Female State Supreme Court Justices

Below is a list of the names of the first woman to sit on the highest court of their respective State in the United States. The first State with a female Justice was Ohio in 1923.
Instances of a female majority court.
Only a few times over the course of history has the percentage of women on the highest court in any state been greater than the percentage of men. Currently, the United States Supreme Court has the highest percentage of women Justices it has ever had, yet there has still never been a majority. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792040" title="Sir John Graham, 4th Baronet">
Sir John Graham, 4th Baronet

Sir John Alexander Noble Graham, 4th Baronet GCMG (born 15 July 1926) is a retired British diplomat who was ambassador to Iraq, Iran and NATO.
Career.
Graham, the only son of Sir Reginald Graham, 3rd Baronet, was at school at Eton College, served in the Grenadier Guards 1944–47 and then went with a scholarship to Trinity College, Cambridge 1948–50. On leaving Cambridge he joined the Diplomatic Service and studied at the Middle East Centre for Arabic Studies before being posted to Bahrain in 1951, Kuwait in 1952 and Amman in 1953. He was Assistant Private Secretary to the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs 1954–57 and then served at Belgrade 1957–60, Benghazi 1960–61, the Foreign Office 1961–66 and Kuwait 1966–69. He was Principal Private Secretary to the Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs 1969–72, serving Michael Stewart and Sir Alec Douglas-Home. He was then posted as Counsellor (later Minister) and Head of Chancery at Washington 1972–74; Ambassador to Iraq 1974–77; deputy Under-Secretary at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) 1977–79; Ambassador to Iran 1979–80; deputy Under-Secretary again 1980–82; and finally Ambassador and Permanent Representative to NATO in Brussels 1982–86.
After retiring from the Diplomatic Service in 1986, Sir John was Registrar of the Order of St Michael and St George 1987–2001 and was also Director of the Ditchley Foundation 1987–92.
Honours.
John Graham was appointed CMG in the Queen's Birthday Honours of 1972, knighted KCMG in the Queen's Birthday Honours of 1979 on his appointment to Iran and promoted GCMG in the New Year Honours of 1986. 
He succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of his father in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36792044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792044" title="German submarine U-341">
German submarine U-341

German submarine "U-341" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She was a member of one wolfpack.
She did not sink or damage any ships.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 28 October 1941 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as 'werk' 213, launched on 20 August 1942 and commissioned on 28 November 1942 under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Dietrich Epp.
"U-341" served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, for training and then with the 3rd flotilla for operations from 1 June.
1st patrol.
"U-341" sailed from Kiel on 25 May 1943, and out into the Atlantic Ocean via the Iceland / Faroe Islands 'gap'. Having moved all over the central north Atlantic without encountering any shipping, she arrived at La Pallice in occupied France, on 10 July.
2nd patrol and loss.
For her second foray, "U-341" departed La Pallice on 31 August 1943 and headed north. On 19 September, she was sunk by depth charges dropped by a Canadian B-24 Liberator of No. 10 Squadron RCAF southwest of Iceland.
Fifty men died; there were no survivors

</doc>
<doc id="36792054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792054" title="James Gray (footballer)">
James Gray (footballer)

James Phillip Gray (born 26 June 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Accrington Stanley. He was a talented sprinter as a youth, with a personal best of 10.01 seconds.
A former Middlesbrough youth player, he began his career with Darlington in the 2011–12 season. He moved on to Kettering Town in March 2012, before transferring to Accrington Stanley in four months later. He has represented Northern Ireland at under-16, under-17, under-19 and under-21 levels. He is son of ex-Northern Ireland striker Phil.
Club career.
Gray, a former youth team scholar at Middlesbrough, joined Conference Premier club Darlington on non-contract terms in October 2011. He left the club by mutual consent in January 2012. He moved from one crisis club to another, joining Kettering Town on non-contract terms in March 2012.
Gray signed a one-year contract with League Two side Accrington Stanley in August 2012, following a successful trial spell. He made a scoring debut at the Crown Ground on 21 August, replacing Pádraig Amond on 82 minutes; he hit a stoppage time goal to secure a 2–0 win over Port Vale.
International career.
Gray has represented Northern Ireland at under-16, under-17 and under-19 levels. He scored on his first game for the under-21 side, in a 3–2 defeat to Hungary on 15 August 2012.
Personal life.
On May 16th 2014 Gray became engaged to his girlfriend, beauty pageant winner Megan Howell, in Dubai.

</doc>
<doc id="36792059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792059" title="Anaran Rural District">
Anaran Rural District

Anaran Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,709, in 912 families. The rural district has 17 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792067" title="Al Garcia-Serra">
Al Garcia-Serra

Al Garcia-Serra (born November 9, 1946) is Chairman of the Board of MGSCOMM, formerly known as Machado Garcia-Serra Communications, ranked among the top 20 in the “2013 Advertising Age, 50 Largest U.S. Hispanic Agencies”, as well as named among the top 100 in the “2012 Hispanic Business 500 Largest US Hispanic-Owned Companies”. The Minority Business Enterprise is headquartered in Miami, Florida, with offices in New York City and Mexico City.
Early life.
Born in Havana, Cuba, Garcia-Serra immigrated to the United States, and settled in Miami, FL, in 1960. He graduated from Coral Gables High School in 1964, and then attended the University of Florida, where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Advertising, while working at Compton Advertising as an Assistant Media Buyer on Tide detergent and Ivory Bar Soap. Garcia-Serra returned to Miami after graduating from UF to work at Hume Smith Mickelberry as Print Media Buyer and Account Executive.
Career.
Prior to the co-founding of MGSCOMM with his friend and business partner Manuel E. Machado in 2003, Garcia-Serra founded his first advertising agency in 1982, Garcia-Serra Blanco (GSB:LINTAS), which was recognized by Hispanic Business as the fastest-growing company in 1987. Garcia-Serra also held senior level positions on the corporate side, including at Flagler Federal where he led the financial center’s first Hispanic marketing effort; and, directed advertising accounts for various well-known national brand names, including Burger King, McDonald’s, Lipton Foods, Eastern Airlines, Procter & Gamble, DeBartolo Properties, TracFone Wireless, Net10, DHL, and Anheuser Busch.
MGSCOMM (formerly known as Machado Garcia-Serra Communications) has been named one of the 500 Largest U.S. Hispanic-Owned Companies by "Hispanic Business" and currently ranks among the top 50 U.S. Hispanic-American Ad Agencies according to "Advertising Age'. The Minority Business Enterprise is headquartered in Miami, Florida, with offices in New York City and Mexico City.
Honors.
In 2008, Garcia-Serra was awarded "Entrepreneur of the Year" from "Hispanic Business". He is a founding member of the Kiwanis Club of Little Havana in Miami, FL and has served on the boards of Chamber South, the American Red Cross, Liga Contra el Cáncer, the National Diabetes Foundation and M.A.D.D.

</doc>
<doc id="36792073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792073" title="San Lazaro (film)">
San Lazaro (film)

San Lazaro is a Philippine horror film written and directed by Wincy Aquino Ong, starring Ramon Bautista, Wincy Aquino Ong, Nicco Manalo, Bianca King, Ely Buendia, Julia Clarete, Earl Ignacio, Kean Cipriano and Allan Forte. It is produced by Watusi Production and Ramon Bautista Films. The film premiered in Cinemalaya 2011 as one of the finalists for the NETPAC (Network for the Promotion of Asian Cinema) Category.
Overview.
Production.
The production was funded through personal funds and deferrals. Principal shooting started on September 2010. The final screen cut was delivered on August 2011.
In April 2012, GMA Records bought the DVD distribution rights to the film.
Plot.
Sigfried (Wincy Aquino Ong), an unemployed accountant, gets into trouble with his landlord. He needs money to pay for his rent.
Sigfried, in a stroke of luck, gets a call from an estranged childhood friend, Limuel (Ramon Bautista). Limuel tells Sigfried that his brother Biboy (Nicco Manalo) has been exhibiting psychotic behavior after his wife left him. Limuel, knowing that Sigfried’s uncle (Allan Forte) is the renowned Singing Exorcist of San Lazaro, asks Sigfried to accompany him in bringing his brother Biboy to the remote town of San Lazaro, ten hours from the city by car.
They reach the exorcist just in time, but the possessed Biboy eats the vocal cords of the Singing Exorcist, thereby rendering the exorcist incapable of performing the ritual. In the end, the injured exorcist explains that the spirit can only be defeated by feeding it a dark secret. Limuel tells the spirit that he has been trysting with his brother’s wife.
Reception.
Erwin Romulo of The Philippine Star describes the film as "wickedly fun to watch". Oggs Cruz of Twitchfilm.com brands the film as "a product of tilted genius".
Awards.
The film won Best Opening Titles for the 2011 Philippine Graphic Design Awards, Motion Graphics Category. The jurors praised the title sequence as: "art that sketches the Filipino Culture as it establishes the mood for the film itself: creepy and dark, yet humorous."

</doc>
<doc id="36792079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792079" title="Abu Ghoveyr Rural District">
Abu Ghoveyr Rural District

Abu Ghoveyr Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,142, in 190 families. The rural district has 4 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792082" title="Maltese Braille">
Maltese Braille

Maltese Braille is the braille alphabet of the Maltese language. It was in the news in 2005 with the publication of the first braille Bible in Maltese.
Chart.
The alphabet is as follows. (See Maltese alphabet.) "Ż" has the form of international "y".
UNESCO (2013) shows very different, and supposedly confirmed, letter assignments:
This appears to be an old proposal that was never implemented, one which followed the sounds of the letters of the print alphabet rather than the letters themselves.

</doc>
<doc id="36792097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792097" title="Dasht-e Abbas Rural District">
Dasht-e Abbas Rural District

Dasht-e Abbas Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,525, in 1,335 families. The rural district has 24 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792116" title="Nahr-e Anbar Rural District">
Nahr-e Anbar Rural District

Nahr-e Anbar Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,037, in 662 families. The rural district has 13 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792146" title="Let It Shine (soundtrack)">
Let It Shine (soundtrack)

The Let It Shine soundtrack features 13 original songs and was released on June 12, 2012. The tracks were written by top songwriters and producers in the pop and R&B business. 
The soundtrack debuted at number 29 on the US "Billboard" 200. It has also charted at number 22 on the US Digital Albums chart 3 on the US Rap Albums chart, number 2 on the US Top Soundtracks chart and topped the US Kid Albums chart. On June 29th, 2012, the soundtrack topped the US Rap Albums chart at 1.
Critical reception.
Matt Collar of Allmusic gave a review: "The soundtrack to the 2012 Disney musical, Let It Shine features a mix of pop R&B, dance-oriented hip-hop, and contemporary gospel numbers. The film is conceived as a modern hip-hop version of the Cyrano de Bergerac story, and the soundtrack includes cuts by stars Tyler James Williams as Cyrus DeBarge and Coco Jones as Roxanne "Roxie" Andrews, along with others. On the pop end, these are bright, slickly produced tracks that bring to mind a mix of the dance-club sound of Mike Posner, Lupe Fiasco, and Usher. Elsewhere, there are a few passionate, gospel-tinged ballads, including Jones' "Good to Be Home" and the uplifting title track."
Commercial performance.
The soundtrack debuted at number 29 then peak at number 12 on the US "Billboard" 200. It has also charted at number 22 on the US Digital Albums chart 3 on the US Rap Albums chart, number 2 on the US Top Soundtracks chart and topped the US Kid Albums chart. It topped the US Rap Albums on June 29, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36792153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792153" title="Guy Coombe">
Guy Coombe

Guy Coombe is a South African rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup, playing in all three matches.
In 1996 he spent the season at the Dewsbury Rams, along with several other South African World Cup players. Despite the hype surrounding their arrival, the imports failed to make a lasting impression at the club and returned home the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="36792154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792154" title="2012 Summer Paralympics medal table">
2012 Summer Paralympics medal table

The medal table of the 2012 Summer Paralympics ranks the participating National Paralympic Committees (NPCs) by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the competition. The 2012 Paralympics was the fourteenth Games to be held, a quadrennial competition open to athletes with physical and intellectual disabilities. The games were held in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012.
Some 4,280 athletes, representing 164 National Paralympic Committees (NPCs), competed in 503 events in 20 sports. This was the highest number of athletes and NPCs ever competing at a Paralympic Games. The medals were designed by Lin Cheung and show a representation of the wing of the Greek goddess Nike taken directly from a statue held by the British Museum. The engraving on the medals was conducted by the Royal Mint.
Athletes from 57 NPCs won at least one gold medal, with a total of 75 having won at least one medal of any colour. Athletes from Chile, Ethiopia, Fiji, Sri Lanka, and Uzbekistan won their first Paralympic medals. Of those nations, the National Olympic Committee of Fiji has never won an Olympic medal. China topped the medal table with 231 medals in total, including 95 gold medals. Host Great Britain placed third with 120 medals, including 34 golds. The most successful athlete at the Games was Australian swimmer Jacqueline Freney, who won eight gold medals. The most successful athletes outside of the swimming competition were Raymond Martin from the United States and David Weir from Great Britain, who both won four gold medals each in athletics, and Sarah Storey from Great Britain, who won four gold medals in cycling.
Medal table.
The ranking in this table is based on information provided by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and is consistent with IPC convention in its published medal tables. By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes from a nation have won (in this context, a nation is an entity represented by a National Paralympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If NPCs are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically by IPC country code.
In the judo competition, an additional thirteen bronze medals were awarded as the winners of the two repechage brackets (for those who lost to the eventual finalists) each received a bronze medal.
<onlyinclude>;Key
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36792158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792158" title="Will Rogers (Maine politician)">
Will Rogers (Maine politician)

William Thomas Rogers Jr. (born March 17, 1938) Realtor and politician in Maine. He was elected to the 121st Maine State Legislature. He is also running for the Maine House of Representatives again in 2012.
Affiliations
Rogers is affiliated with the following organizations: 

</doc>
<doc id="36792160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792160" title="Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District">
Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District

Seyyed Ebrahim Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Zarrinabad District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,547, in 290 families. The rural district has 9 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792176" title="Seyyed Nasereddin Rural District">
Seyyed Nasereddin Rural District

Seyyed Nasereddin Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Zarrinabad District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,242, in 432 families. The rural district has 14 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792182" title="History of rugby union matches between Australia and the Barbarians">
History of rugby union matches between Australia and the Barbarians

Australia and the Barbarians have played each other 12 times, of which Australia has won the most, with nine victories. Their first match against one another was played at Cardiff Arms Park. The Barbarians won this match 9–6.

</doc>
<doc id="36792207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792207" title="Vrontisi Monastery">
Vrontisi Monastery

Vrontisi Monastery (, also spelled as Βροντησίου) is a 14th-century Eastern Orthodox monastery situated between the villages of Zaros and Voriza of the Heraklion regional unit in south-central Crete, Greece. The monastery is roughly 50 km southwest of Heraklion and is built at an altitude of 550 m on the south slopes of Mt. Ida, having a panoramic view of the Mesara Plain and the Asterousia Mountains. The origin of its name is not clear; according to the prevailing explanation it was named after its founder whose surname was "Vrontisis".
History.
Venetian archives contain several documents referring to the Vrontisi monastery. The earliest written reference dates back to 1474. However, it is older than that but the exact year of its establishment is unknown. Vrontisi was established as a metochion of the nearby Varsamonerou Monastery. The former fell into decline after 1500 whereas Vrontisi began to flourish and reached its apogee as a regional monastic and spiritual centre during the 16th and 17th centuries. After the fall of Crete to the Turks, Arkadi Monastery was deserted and its monks fled to Vrontisi. According to tradition, Michael Damaskinos, the renowned painter of the Cretan School, is believed to have served as a monk at Vrontisi. Six of Damaskinos' best known icons were kept at the monastery until 1800 and are nowadays displayed at the St. Catherine of Sinai museum in Heraklion.
Owing to its fortified position, Vrontisi was used as a revolutionary centre during the Cretan uprisings of the 19th century. During the great Cretan revolt of 1866, Michael Korakas used Vrontisi as his headquarters. In reprisal, the Ottomans slaughtered the monks and burned all crops, which resulted in the monastery being deserted and most of its heirlooms destroyed. During the German occupation of 1941–44, Vrontisi provided shelter to resistance fighters.
Architecture.
Similarly to most monasteries built during the Venetian period, the monastery used to be heavily fortified and surrounded by thick walls. However, only parts of the west wall remain today. In the middle of the court stands a two-nave church (katholikon) dedicated to St. Anthony (Antonios) and St. Thomas. The church was painted with frescoes of which very few remain in the southern nave. An arched bell tower of Italian influence rises besides the church. At the main entrance of the monastery there is a marble fountain dating to the Venetian era, featuring Adam, Eve and four faces from which the water flows that symbolize the four rivers of the Garden of Eden. Due to this fountain, Ottoman Turks used to call Vrontisi "Santrivanli Monastir", i.e. Fountain Monastery. According to the Italian architect Giuseppe Gerola (it), the fountain dates from the 15th century and was created by an artisan that could skilfully use the chisel, something that was uncommon in Crete at the time.
Current status.
Today, the Vrontisi monastery continues to be active. Despite having lost a significant part of its former glory due to the demolition of its fortifications, it continues to be an imposing sight.

</doc>
<doc id="36792211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792211" title="List of dams and reservoirs in Wisconsin">
List of dams and reservoirs in Wisconsin

Following is a list of dams and reservoirs in Wisconsin. 
All major dams are linked below. The National Inventory of Dams defines any "major dam" as being tall with a storage capacity of at least , or of any height with a storage capacity of .

</doc>
<doc id="36792221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792221" title="909th Tactical Airlift Group">
909th Tactical Airlift Group

The 909th Tactical Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 459th Tactical Airlift Wing, based at Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland. It was inactivated on 1 September 1975.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 909th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 909th TCG was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 459th TCW in 1963, the others being the 910th Troop Carrier Group at Youngstown Municipal Airport, Ohio, and the 911th Troop Carrier Group at Pittsburgh International Airport, Pennsylvania. 
Re-equipped 1966 with long-range C-124 Globemaster II heavy airlifter, performed intercontinental strategic airlift for Military Air Transport Service. Converted to the C-130 Hercules theater transport in 1971 as part of the phaseout of the Globemaster, Assigned Tail Code "QA". The Group participated in air transport of airborne forces, equipment and supplies with delivery by airdrop, extraction, and airlanding, as well as air evacuation within a theater of operations.
Inactivated in 1975 as part of the phasedown after the Vietnam War, Personnel and equipment reassigned directly to the 459th TAW at Andrews.

</doc>
<doc id="36792243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792243" title="Norman Aviation Nordic VII">
Norman Aviation Nordic VII

The Norman Aviation Nordic VII is a Canadian advanced ultralight aircraft, that was designed by Jacques Norman and produced by Norman Aviation of Saint-Anselme, Quebec. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Production is complete and the Nordic VII is no longer available.
Design and development.
The Nordic VII was designed to comply with the Canadian ultralight rules. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit with doors, fixed conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft fuselage is made from welded steel tubing, with its wings made from wood and all surfaces covered in doped aircraft fabric. Its span wing has an area of and mounts flaps. The wing is supported by V-struts and jury struts. The standard engines supplied were Subaru EA four-stroke powerplants.
The cockpit width is , wider than the Nordic II. The Nordic VII also has a swept tail, which differentiates it from the Nordic VI. The wing has slightly greater span than the Nordic VI, but less area, giving the Nordic VII a higher stall speed and a lower rate of climb, but a faster cruise speed.
Construction time from the factory supplied kit is estimated at 300 hours.
Operational history.
In August 2012 there were two Nordic IIs on the Transport Canada Civil Aviation Register. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792260" title="Egil Kapstad">
Egil Kapstad

Egil Kapstad (born 6 August 1940) is a Norwegian jazz pianist, composer and arranger. He stands behind the music for more than 50 productions for theater, and has also composed for film and television drama. Kapstad has written a number of classical works for orchestra, choir, string quartet, and smaller ensembles, and was a chief executive of the association "Ny Musikk". He has also worked as a host in television for NRK. "Egil Kapstad's Trio" worked as a small orchestra in the Norwegian Melodi Grand Prix of 1965.
Career.
Kapstad was born in Oslo, Norway. He teaches jazz history and improvisation at the Musikkonservatoriet i Kristiansand. He has contributed as pianist on more than 60 albums, and is known for his longstanding collaboration with poet Jan Erik Vold. He has played with jazz greats like Karin Krog, Chet Baker, Red Mitchell, Bjørn Johansen, Bjarne Nerem, Jon Larsen and Magni Wentzel.
Kapstad has received numerous awards and honors. He received Norsk jazzforbund's Buddyprisen in 1977, NOPA's award for the work of the year, ("Epilog") in 1984, Gammleng-prisen in the class jazz in 1985 and was awarded Spellemannprisen in the class jazz twice, for the record "Cherokee" at the 1989 award of Spellemannprisen and "Remembrance" with the "Egil Kapstad Trio" at the 1994 award of Spellemannprisen.
Kapstad became a government scholar in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36792283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792283" title="Abu Ghoveyr">
Abu Ghoveyr

Abu Ghoveyr (, also Romanized as Abū Ghoveyr and Abūghovīr; also known as Abū Ghūyer, Abu Qoveyr, and Abū Qūyer) is a village in Abu Ghoveyr Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 340, in 56 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792309" title="Stanislav George Djorgovski">
Stanislav George Djorgovski

Stanislav George Djorgovski (born 1956) is an American astrophysicist. He obtained his B.A. in Astrophysics in 1979 at the University of Belgrade. After receiving his PhD in Astronomy from U.C. Berkeley in 1985, he was a Harvard Junior Fellow until 1987 when he joined the faculty at the California Institute of Technology.
Work.
George Djorgovski has worked on numerous topics in astronomy and cosmology. Prof. Djorgovski is one of the founders of Virtual observatory. He organized the first international conference on the subject and chaired the US National Virtual Observatory Science Definition Team that generated the initial VO roadmap. He has been one of the founders of the emerging field of AstroInformatics and he organized a series of the foundational conferences on the subject. His publications include several hundred papers in professional journals and conferences and a large number of electronic publications.
He teaches open online courses including The Evolving Universe, hosted by the online learning platform edX, and Galaxies and Cosmology on Coursera .

</doc>
<doc id="36792325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792325" title="Cham Hendi">
Cham Hendi

Cham Hendi (, also Romanized as Cham Hendī and Cham-e Hendī; also known as Cham-e Hend) is a village in Abu Ghoveyr Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 142, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792332" title="Malbry">
Malbry

Malbry ("pronounced ""Mawbry"") is the fictional village that serves as the setting for Joanne Harris' Yorkshire-based thrillers, notably Blueeyedboyand Gentlemen and Players[http://www.joanne-harris.co.uk/v3site/books/gentlemen/index.html. It is also the setting for a number of Harris' short stories.
Malbry is a village in the north of England, comprising several districts, including: White City (a council estate); Red City (an older, more downtrodden estate, mostly of brick-built terraced houses); Malbry Village (a more affluent, middle-class area); and Millionnaires' Row, a wealthty part of Malbry Village. There are several schools; including Abbey Road Juniors, a primary school; Sunnybank Comprehensive, the local state school and St Oswald's Grammar School, the independent boys' grammar school which is the setting for Gentlemen and Players. 
It is a close community, rife with conflicting factions. Outsiders are not welcome, and those who do not fit in are the subject of gossip and speculation. There is a great deal of snobbery, and there is bitter rivalry between the state school and St Oswald's, the grammar school.
Runemarks.
Malbry is also the name of Maddy's home village in Harris' "Rune" books, "Runemarks" and "Runelight". Although significantly different in geographical terms, there is the same insular mentality in both versions of Malbry. Both feature snobbish, influential village leaders and outsiders who are made to suffer for the crime of not fitting in. Both are very traditional, even backward-thinking, and gossip plays an important role in determining who belongs and who does not.
Notes.
There is some evidence to suggest that the fictional Malbry is based on Harris' home village of Almondbury, near Huddersfield, in Yorkshire. In the "Rune" books, Red Horse Hill is sometimes referred to as "Castle Hill", a noted Huddersfield landmark. Other real-life places referred to in "Runemarks" and "Runelight" are: Farnley Tyas (which is also the name of a village near Almondbury) and the nearby Molly Carr Woods.

</doc>
<doc id="36792343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792343" title="Elle King">
Elle King

Elle King (born 1989 as Tanner Elle Schneider) is an American musician signed to RCA Records whose musical style encompasses country, soul, rock, and blues. King was born in Los Angeles, and grew up between Wellston, Ohio and Columbus, Ohio. She currently resides in Bushwick, Brooklyn, New York.
On June 12, 2012, Elle King released her four-song debut, "The Elle King EP", on RCA/Fat Possum Records. The EP track “Playing for Keeps” has been chosen as the theme song for VH1’s "Mob Wives Chicago" series. Since the EP’s release, King has toured with Of Monsters and Men, Train, and Michael Kiwanuka. She is currently working on her debut full-length slated for an early 2013 release date.
Early life.
King was born Tanner Elle Schneider in 1989 in Los Angeles to mother London King and father, former "SNL" cast member, Rob Schneider. Her parents divorced and her mother remarried. She grew up living in southern Ohio, between Wellston, Ohio and Columbus, Ohio. At age 9, her stepfather, Justin Tesa, gave her a record by all-girl pop-punk band The Donnas. King counts that as a pivotal moment when she decided she wanted to be a musician. Around this time, she also started listening to the Runaways, Blondie, and she made her acting debut alongside her birthfather in the movie "Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo". Three years later, at 13, she started playing guitar, immersing herself in the music of Otis Redding, the Yeah, Yeah, Yeahs, Etta James, Aretha Franklin, Al Green, Hank Williams, Johnny Cash, AC/DC (she has the band’s logo tattooed on her bicep), and Earl Scruggs. Her interest in the country and bluegrass music of Hank Williams and Earl Scruggs inspired her to learn the banjo. During her teenage years she attended Buck's Rock camp in Connecticut, where she starred in a number of musicals. Elle King currently plays guitar and banjo.
King spent her teenage years in New York City, but she’s also lived in Los Angeles, California, Philadelphia, and Copenhagen. At 16, she started gigging around New York City, using a fake ID to gain entry to the local nightclubs. Upon graduating Elisabeth Irwin High School, she moved to Philadelphia to matriculate at University of the Arts, studying painting and film. King immersed herself in the local songwriting scene and honed her performance skills by busking around town. During these college years, she had an artistic epiphany seeing a live show where the band onstage used a banjo purely for accompaniment purposes, eschewing the bluegrass and country musical vocabulary traditionally associated with the instrument. King then began to use the banjo as a compositional tool. After college, she briefly lived in Copenhagen and LA, before moving back to New York. She currently resides in Bushwick, Brooklyn.
The Elle King EP.
Elle King was signed by newly appointed RCA Chairman Peter Edge. On June 12, 2012, the four-song "The Elle King EP" was released on RCA/Fat Possum Records. The EP featured the originals “Good To Be A Man,” “Playing For Keeps,” and “No Can Save You,” and a live cover of American female rapper Khia’s 2002 debut lead-off single "My Neck, My Back (Lick It)." The EP was recorded in New York and the studio tracks were produced by three separate producers. Andy Baldwin (whose credits include Richard Ashcroft, Björk, and David Gilmour) produced "Good To Be A Man.” Chris DeStefano (whose credits include Carrie Underwood, Howie D, and Kelly Clarkson) produced "Playing For Keeps.” Elle King produced "No One Can Save You." The EP track, “Good To Be A Man,” was originally released as a standalone single on March 13 to iTunes, and issued as a 7” vinyl single on Fat Possum Records on April 24, 2012. The track was inspired by a romantic disaster that occurred while King lived in Copenhagen. She counts writing the track as an artistic breakthrough. The track has been played by KCRW Santa Monica, XPN Philly, and RIF Detroit. The EP’s lead track, “Playing For Keeps,” was chosen as the theme song for VH1’s "Mob Wives Chicago" series that premiered June 10, 2012 on VH1. The show is a spinoff of VH1’s hit series "Mob Wives". King has been spotlighted as an “Artist to Watch in 2012” by "Esquire Magazine" and "Refinery 29". The Elle King EP has garnered favorable press from "Entertainment Weekly", "Esquire", "Glamour", "Perez Hilton", and "Vanity Fair".
Live Performances and Full Length Release.
Elle King has played Austin, Texas at the South By Southwest Music Festival, as well as the London Hammersmith Apollo. Her television appearances include "VH1 Big Morning Buzz Live" and the "Late Show with David Letterman". She has also taped her own PBS "Arts In Context" special for KLRU Austin at the historic Austin City Limits studio. She has toured with Of Monsters and Men, Train, and Michael Kiwanuka, and has opened for Dashboard Confessional, Dropkick Murphys, Dry the River, and Ed Sheeran. She is currently working on her debut full-length to be released early 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36792347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792347" title="Shakheh">
Shakheh

Shakheh (, also Romanized as Shākheh) is a village in Abu Ghoveyr Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 142, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792359" title="Sheykh Saleh Qandi">
Sheykh Saleh Qandi

Sheykh Saleh Qandi (, also Romanized as Sheykh Şāleḩ Qandī) is a village in Abu Ghoveyr Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 518, in 98 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792365" title="Abu Qarib">
Abu Qarib

Abu Qarib (, also Romanized as Abū Qarīb) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 171, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792370" title="Chronicles of the Clans of Wei">
Chronicles of the Clans of Wei

Chronicles of the Clans of Wei (魏氏春秋) is a Chinese history book of Cao Wei. 
It was written by Sun Sheng (孫盛) in 4th century. 
Now its contents survived only in annotations in other books. 
For example, the Chronicles of the Clans of Wei was used by Pei Songzhi
in his annotation of Records of the Three Kingdoms.

</doc>
<doc id="36792371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792371" title="Emamzadeh Abbas, Ilam">
Emamzadeh Abbas, Ilam

Emamzadeh Abbas (, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh ‘Abbās) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 15 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792387" title="Church of the Sacred Heart (Richmond, Virginia)">
Church of the Sacred Heart (Richmond, Virginia)

The Church of the Sacred Heart, is a Catholic church in Richmond, Virginia that was built in 1901. The congregation was initially an Irish and German congregation.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36792393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792393" title="Emamzadeh Abbas">
Emamzadeh Abbas

Emamzadeh Abbas or Imamzadeh Abbas () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36792409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792409" title="Beyt-e Fazieh">
Beyt-e Fazieh

Beyt-e Fazieh (, also Romanized as Beyt-e Fazīeh) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 21 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792410" title="Sălăjeni Church">
Sălăjeni Church

The Sălăjeni Church () is a church in Sălăjeni, Sălaj, Romania, built in 1922.

</doc>
<doc id="36792411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792411" title="Câmpia Church">
Câmpia Church

The Câmpia Church () is a church in Câmpia, Sălaj, Romania, consecrated on November 3, 1935 by Valeriu Traian Frențiu.

</doc>
<doc id="36792417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792417" title="Borom-e Pain">
Borom-e Pain

Borom-e Pain (, also Romanized as Borom-e Pā'īn; also known as Borowm) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 470, in 68 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792433" title="Borom">
Borom

Borom may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36792440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792440" title="A Fair Cop">
A Fair Cop

A Fair Cop is a 2008 memoir by Michael Bunting, a former British police officer and current Restorative Justice Co-Ordinator. Bunting was charged with common assault after being beaten severely by someone whom he was attempting to restrain. The book was published by The Friday Project, with the book currently being written to become a screen drama.
Summary.
The book follows Bunting's narration of the events that lead up to his sentencing on September 8, 1999, when Bunting was sentenced to spend four months at HMP Armley Prison for charges of common assault. During his prison sentence Bunting was physically threatened and verbally abused by the other inmates, who also tampered with his food. Because of these threats, Bunting is placed in the hospital wing for his own safety.
Bunting then details his time at the West Yorkshire Police Training School, his formal acceptance into the service where he is given his father's old West Riding Constabulary's collar number, and his reactions to some of the situations he had to respond to as a police officer. Bunting later joins the Police Support Unit and helps in trying to quell the Bradford Riots.
On August 24, 1997, Bunting responds to a domestic disturbance report at a private resident where he and two other officers encounter two males. One is immediately arrested, but the other grows increasingly more hostile and Bunting warns him that exhibiting such behavior could result in his arrest. Bunting is then assaulted by the man, receiving numerous injuries such as a broken tooth and swelling to his left cheek and eye. One of the other officers uses CS spray in an attempt to quell the attack, but sprays Bunting in the process. Later Bunting is examined by a doctor for his injuries, having also experienced difficulty with his vision. The doctor concludes that the disturbance in vision was attributable to an injury Bunting sustained during the attack.
Five weeks later the Discipline and Complaints Department then inform Bunting that he is under investigation for an assault because a member of the public complained about his conduct during the incident. Bunting is later charged with common assault due to his attacker accused him of using excessive force while Bunting was attempting to defend himself and subdue his attacker. Bunting was also forced to give his home address in open court at Wakefield Magistrates Court, where his assaulter and the media are present. He requests that he be allowed to give his address in a written format, which is denied. The case is held on July 26, 1999 at Leeds Crown Court, where conflicting witness testimony is given and medical evidence shows that Bunting's attacker did not sustain any injuries. Despite this, Bunting is found guilty on the common assault charge.
Bunting serves part of his sentence at HMP Armley in Leeds. He spends much of his time in his cell, reading Tony Adams's autobiography, reciting song lyrics, and practicing his faith. Bunting avoids much of the prison staff and populace, speaking primarily to the prison chaplain Bill Foster and physician Steve Ferguson. In the book, Bunting asserts that his faith greatly assisted him during his time in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="36792441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792441" title="Soleil Moon">
Soleil Moon

Soleil Moon is an adult contemporary band founded in 1999 by musicians Larry King and John Blasucci. They have released the studio albums "Worlds Apart" (2000) and "On The Way to Everything" (2011). The songs are chiefly co-written by King and Blasucci, and the band's recording sessions have included groups and notable musicians such as the London Symphony Orchestra, guitarist Michael Thompson, jazz musician Paul Jackson, Jr., saxophonist Warren Hill, drummer Kenny Aronoff of Lynyrd Skynyrd, and Todd Sucherman of Styx.
Founding.
In 1994, long-time rock singer-songwriter Larry King met jazz pianist John Blasucci met, and they quickly began making music together. They eventually formed the band Soleil Moon, writing songs that were a mixture of jazz, pop, rock, and country. On March 2, 1999 they released their first single on React Entertainment, "Worlds Apart," with the B-side "Raining in Ashville." King produced and provided vocals, while Blasucci handled programming and acoustic piano. The tracks were supported in studio by a variety of musicians including Michael Thompson, Peter Hennes, and Tim Morey on guitar, Richard Patterson and Mark Beringer on bass, and Mark Ott and Lenny Castro on drums. Soleil Moon supported the release with a ten-city promotional tour, and "Worlds Apart" became a Top 25 Adult Contemporary hit.
"Worlds Apart" (2000).
After the success of the single King and Blasucci began writing a full-length album, "Worlds Apart". The 12 tracks were produced, co-written, and arranged by the duo, and recording took place at Abbey Road Studios in London, Hinge in Chicago, Echo Park Studios in Bloomington, Indiana, and Capitol Studios in Hollywood. "Worlds Apart" was released under King's recently formed label MFO Records. Among the studio musicians enlisted to participate in the recording sessions were the London Symphony Orchestra. Many others were also participants in the Larry King Orchestra. Also included were famed session guitarist Michael Thompson, jazz musician Paul Jackson, Jr., Warren Hill on saxophone, percussionist Lenny Castro, drummer Kenny Aronoff of Lynyrd Skynyrd and the Smashing Pumpkins, and Todd Sucherman of Styx.
Reception.
Shortly after the release of "Worlds Apart", tracks from the album including "Willingly" and "Never Say Goodbye" charted on the Adult Contemporary Top 100. 
Reviews for the album were largely positive, with "Glory Daze Music" saying "the production on "Worlds Apart" is utterly first class, there is a depth to it that disappears out of sight, the soul and emotion displayed on all the songs is a connection very few musicians (let alone a duo) can expect to achieve in a lifetime." About the style, "Musical Discoveries" stated "the band's first album blends singer Larry King's epic rock instincts with Blasucci's sleek-flavored approach. A truly unique jazz/pop style has been used by the group in a form never achieved by any other artist."
Christmas release.
In November of 2000, the group released a rendition of "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas," which became the Number One Most Added Christmas Song on the ACQB chart. The song was recorded for fans and was not released commercially until years later. The band reported that in the three months beforehand, the average hit count on their website had gone from 50,000 hits per month to over half a million hits a month.
"On The Way to Everything" (2011).
On February 1, 2011, Soleil Moon released the 11 track album "On The Way To Everything," again through MFO Entertainment Group. The songs had been recorded periodically since 2001, whenever the group had time in the studio in between other projects. "Airplay Direct" described the album as "Blending bittersweet, melodic ballads, burning hard-rock riffs, percolating R&B grooves, and anything else that happens to suit their fancy, Soleil Moon has made an album about life’s journey, and the conceptual arc is so striking that there’s already been an offer to turn it into a musical."

</doc>
<doc id="36792445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792445" title="Chighab">
Chighab

Chighab (, also Romanized as Chīghāb) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 63, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792451" title="Election Special">
Election Special

Election Special is the fifteenth studio album by American recording artist Ry Cooder, released on August 16, 2012, on Perro Verde Records and Nonesuch Records. After his 2011 album "Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down", Cooder continued writing topical and storyline-inspired songs. Displeased with the Republican Party and its financial supporters, he also wanted to write an album that would address listeners during the United States presidential election of 2012, which he believed to be a critical event in the country's history. "Election Special" was recorded mostly at Drive-By Studios in North Hollywood and produced by Cooder.
"Election Special" is an American roots and blues rock album of protest songs with music characterized by upbeat melodies, simple instrumentation, and sparse arrangements. Cooder played all of the instruments, including bass, guitar, and mandolin, with the exception of drums by his son Joachim. A deeply political album, it expands on the socio-political musings and current event topics of "Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down" with forthright, satirical lyrics and song-form vignettes. Cooder's songwriting exhibits liberal and populist sentiments and draws on older musical sources such as broadside ballads and country blues.
"Election Special" was intended to be released a week before the 2012 Republican National Convention, and Cooder released two of its songs to political media outlets. He also felt cynical about the commercial aspect of making albums and did not tour for the album, citing disinterest in playing large concert venues. Upon its release, "Election Special" received generally positive reviews from music critics, who complimented its topical protest songs and Cooder's musicianship. It peaked at number 164 on the "Billboard" 200 chart in the US, but charted significantly higher in other countries.
Background.
In 2011, Cooder recorded "Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down" after being inspired by a headline about bankers and other affluent people profiting from bank bailouts and the resulting recession during the late-2000s. Released in August to critical acclaim, it showcased Cooder's return to his early work's musical style and told topical stories about political and social corruption, various economic victims, and an emerging class war. With the album finished, Cooder had developed a penchant for writing such songs and wanted to continue writing more storyline-inspired songs.
A month after the release of "Election Special", Cooder had his first short-story collection, "Los Angeles Stories", published by City Lights Bookstore. In June 2012, he joined "Time" political columnist Joe Klein on the latter's road trip across the United States, speaking out to people in towns about the state of the nation and its forthcoming presidential election in 2012.
Writing and inspiration.
With "Election Special", Cooder wanted to write an album with direct lyrics and encourage urgency in listeners during the US presidential election of 2012. He felt that the election season was "the time of decision in this country ... the most critical time in the history of the country". When asked about concerns over "preaching to the choir", Cooder said in an interview for the "Los Angeles Times", "I thought I should have a record that says, 'This here record is for you during election time.' Rather than be vague and poetic, let's just call this what it is. That way I may get people's attention. That's the idea." Cooder drew on music he grew up listening to such as Depression-era songs and sought to appropriate contemporary subject matter to them. When writing the album, he also touched on the Occupy movement, which he felt optimistic about, saying that "There's a sign of something. Those people are having conversations, and the conversations become issues and the issues become talked about. Pretty soon, the rest of the world picks up on it, even the politicians."
Cooder's displeasure with the Republican Party and its financial supporters, particularly the Koch Brothers, also inspired his songwriting. He found the party to be "insanely dangerous" to Barack Obama's presidency and the US, and said of them in an interview for "The Guardian", "in case anybody thinks Michele Bachmann or Sarah Palin are clowns because they misspeak or don't know their history or they say silly things: that's just an act, and it's a useful act. Everything is a distraction from the core truths which are, first of all, that corporations have taken over the country." He viewed that his songs for the album provide a more convenient alternative for citizens who do not research politicians, saying that "I don't write books and give speeches but with a four-minute song you can use allegory and other means to suggest a different point of view. It's like looking around the corner, and that's what songs are good at sometimes. They hit you with a new thought – assuming that people will listen."
Recording.
"Election Special" was primarily recorded at Drive-By Studios, the living room of engineer Martin Pradler's house in North Hollywood. Sessions also took place at Wireland Studios in Chatsworth, California. Pradler later mixed and mastered the album at both recording locations. The album was produced entirely by Cooder. He performed most of the album himself, playing bass, guitar, and mandolin. His son Joachim contributed on drums, and session musician Arnold McCuller sung harmony vocals on the song "Take Your Hands off It". At Drive-By Studios, Cooder recorded songs in a series of unrehearsed, single-take performances, which he felt helped him channel the songs' respective characters more efficiently. He later said of his approach to developing the songs, "The way I think these songs can work is if you don't ponder over it too hard, because the tunes wanna have a spontaneous-combustion effect. What I want to do is get a certain attitude in the voice, and I can only do that once. By take two, I'm startin' to think about it. By take three, I'm startin' to map it out – it's gone. It's spoiled, y'see? So I need to get through this fast." He first recorded the song "The Wall Street Part of Town" in November 2011. On June 7, 2012, the album's release was announced for a date in August, intended to be a week before the 2012 Republican National Convention.
Music and lyrics.
"Election Special" is an American roots and blues rock album of protest songs. It is characterized by upbeat melodies, simple instrumentation, and swinging, sparse arrangements. Music journalist Robin Denselow describes "Election Special" as "musically ... very much a DIY album," while Matt Snow of "Mojo" compares Cooder to Tom Waits as a "gloves-off DIY soundscapist in wood, steel, and string." The album's music also incorporates folk, roots rock, and, most prominently, blues styles. Music writers compare the album's mix of folk and blues styles to Cooder's earlier, distinguishing albums. Zeth Lundy of the "Boston Phoenix" characterizes Cooder as a "Keith Richards/Woody Guthrie hybrid" on "Election Special".
The deeply political album expands on the socio-political musings of "Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down". Cooder's forthright lyrics exhibit satire, dark humor, and bitter, apprehensive feelings about current events, including Guantanamo Bay, the Occupy movement, the shooting of Trayvon Martin, Barack Obama's plight as US President, and the election of 2012. He addresses these topics through song-form vignettes, which express his anti-Republican party perspective. Cooder's songwriting also reappropriates lyrics from older musical sources, including protest songs, broadside ballads, and country blues. Nick Coleman of "The Independent" describes it as "heartfelt and unencumbered with musicological pedantry", while the newspaper's Andy Gill comments that Cooder "employs demotic" language and "variations of the blues ... to carry his broadsides." Jeff Schwager of PopMatters cites Robert Johnson and Woody Guthrie as influences on Cooder's songcraft for the album.
Music writers characterize Cooder's sentiments and political stance on the album as liberal and populist. Joseph Jon Lanthier of Slant Magazine observes "liberal convictions" and a "bleeding heart" in his lyrics, which he says express "reductive sympathy for President Obama and suspicions that fat cats are perverting the Bill of Rights". Music essayist Robert Christgau writes that Cooder "reapply the Popular Front mindset to the messy compromises of electoral politics, and all the must-hears illuminate the 2012 presidential election rather than merely referencing it". Bud Scoppa of "Uncut" calls the album "an impassioned screed against the dumbing down of America" and comments that Cooder eschews conventional "preaching" for "three-dimensional characters whose beliefs and opinions span the political spectrum of America in 2012." Allmusic's Thom Jurek cites it as "the most overtly political album of Cooder's career" to due its "soapbox style" and feels that the songs "express what he considers to be, as both an artist and a pissed-off citizen, the high-stakes historical gamble of the 2012 presidential and congressional contest."
Songs.
"Mutt Romney Blues" is a three-chord, acoustic Delta blues song. Drawing parallels between the Mitt Romney dog incident and his political "plans and schemes", the song criticizes Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and is sung from the perspective of the Romney family's dog. Cooder was inspired by Al Sharpton's quote "how he treated his dog tells you a lot about him", and found the dog to be "a useful character ... when you view it in the light of the blues. Like a servant, a yardman, someone very low in the social order. He's just begging to be let down the car roof." Bud Scoppa of "Uncut" characterizes the song as "the musical equivalent of a political cartoon".
"Brother Is Gone" is poignantly styled as a sad folktale and features a haunting mandolin riff, a rueful tone, and wounded vocals. Its lyrics attribute the conservative Koch Brothers to the Deal with the Devil myth, which Cooder adapted from Robert Johnson's "Cross Road Blues". The lyrics cite their "crossroads" as "the prairie town of Wichita", where Koch Industries is headquartered. He said in an interview that "the only logical explanation for the Brothers I could come up with is, they made their deal at the crossroads with Satan."
"The Wall Street Part of Town" incorporates mandolin, Americana guitar riffs, and offers encouragement to protesters. Literary journalist Alec Wilkinson writes that the song's narrator is "looking for refuge in the part of town where the wind always blows at your back and the ground tilts in your favor." "Guantanamo" features cascading guitar by Cooder and handclaps. The song is about the nadir of human depravity. A slow, 12-bar blues lament, "Cold Cold Feeling" features juke joint, bottleneck guitar, and lyrics placing Barack Obama as the narrator singing his blues in the White House. Cooder meant to draw sympathy from listeners for Barack Obama. Geoff Cowart of musicOMH draws similarities of the song to "the voodoo blues of Screaming Jay Hawkins". "Going to Tampa" is a string band country song in Alla breve meter. Using scathing humor and burlesque lyrical elements, the song's farcical lyrics depict a fictional hijacking of the 2012 Republican National Convention by the Tea Party, as Cooder accuses both parties of racism and social engineering.
Titled after the "drinking the Kool-Aid" metaphor, "Kool-Aid" has a dark electric blues style, noir musical vibes, and lyrics about the politically misguided lower middle class who support Republican tax cuts for the rich. The song's narrative follows a young American who accepts the Bush administration's pro-war stance, heads off to a foreign land willing to fight any person of color, and returns to his home jobless. According to writer James C. McKinley, Jr., the song continues a theme Cooder established on "Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down": "the idea of poor whites who have been let down by the politicians they have supported." It also paraphrases the lyrics to the Western swing standard "Cocaine Blues", and touches on the controversial stand-your-ground law, which Cooder viewed as "new Jim Crow laws – the stand-your-ground law is already responsible for about 80 shooting deaths of African Americans."
"The 90 and the 9" repurposes the gospel hymn of the same name and the worker songs of Joe Hill with apocalyptic themes, an anti-war narrative, and a depiction of modern union workers as part of the lower 99% of income distribution in the US. Cooder was inspired to write the song by military recruitment of high schoolers in his native Los Angeles. "Take Your Hands off It" has a defiant tone, prominent guitar, and lyrics that rousingly defend constitutional rights.
Release and promotion.
Cooder's fifteenth album, "Election Special" was first released in the Netherlands on August 16, 2012. It was subsequently released as a digital download to iTunes on August 17 by Perro Verde Records and Nonesuch Records. The album's physical release in Germany was also on August 17. It followed on August 20 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, and on August 21 in North America and Australia. Its pre-order from Nonesuch Records' website was bundled with a campaign button and bumper sticker designed similarly to the album artwork.
Cooder released "The Wall Street Part of Town" as a free download on November 21, 2011. The song, which he wrote in support of the Occupy movement, was also aired that month on "Democracy Now!" and Jon Wiener's radio show on KPFK in Los Angeles. After reading her article on Larry McCarthy's affiliation with the pro-Romney Restore Our Future group, Cooder sent "Going to Tampa" to Jane Mayer of "The New Yorker" in February 2012; the song makes reference to McCarthy's Willie Horton ad during the 1988 presidential campaign. Mayer subsequently posted the song on SoundCloud and the magazine's website on February 10. Cooder also sent "Mutt Romney Blues" to Brave New Films, who subsequently produced a music video for the song. Released virally on February 17, the video features clips of Romney and a cartoonish depication of the 1983 incident with his dog, who is in a car rooftop carrier singing the song.
Prior to the album's release, Cooder played a union hall in San Francisco for a longshoremen's union, which according to him, "got every turn of phrase. They'd never heard of me before or any of my records, but they understood all of these lyric things immediately. Because they've been educated in the union, you know what I mean? Because they lived it." On October 14, Cooder performed at "This Land Is Your Land", a concert at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. in tribute to Woody Guthrie. Cooder did not tour in promotion of "Election Special", as the Kennedy Center was his last show. In an interview for "The Strand" at the time, he expressed disinterest in playing larger concert venues for the album, finding them more suitable for "fame" purposes rather than spreading a political message. Cooder remarked on the album's potential with listeners in general in an interview for "Uncut", saying that:
Critical reception.
"Election Special" received generally positive reviews from contemporary music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 77, based on 17 reviews. David Fricke of "Rolling Stone" called the album a "vigorously partisan gem of gritty picking and black humor ... protest music delivered with a patriot's gifts – the American-roots beauty and expert fire in Ry Cooder's playing – and long memory." Desmond Traynor of "State" called Cooder a "master craftsman" and declared, "social comment once again becomes high art, in the finest American tradition." Nick Coleman of "The Independent" found it engaging and stated, "You might even argue that this and its predecessors ... represent the most cogent work of [Cooder's] long career." Robin Denselow of "The Guardian" said that Cooder uses humor and melodies to complement his "anger, protest and concern". Jeff Schwager of PopMatters found its stories "timeless" and commented that "it's guaranteed to please anyone inclined to give it a sympathetic listen". Allmusic's Thomas Jurek wrote that the album "serves two purposes: one is that it is the most organic record he's issued in almost two decades; and, more importantly, it restores topical protest music to a bona fide place in American cultural life." James C. McKinley, Jr. of "The New York Times" cited both "Election Special" and its predecessor as the "most topical" albums Cooder has recorded, while Bud Scoppa of "Uncut" asserted that he "has never before made an album as immediate as "Election Special"" because of immediate and cleverly written narratives.
In a mixed review, "Q" criticized Cooder's "means of conveying" his message and stated, "The fine lyrics have to fight against some weary-sounding arrangements." Slant Magazine's Joseph Jon Lanthier called the lyrics "limp" and panned the album as "misfiring, wannabe agitprop", writing that, "though Cooder's clearly singing and playing from his bleeding heart on "Election Special", the results make one wish that he'd pass both his mic and his guitar back to his brain." Geoff Cowart of musicOMH found its message and music to be "weak" and Cooder to be "overly preachy," commenting that "despite some first-class guitar playing ... the tunes come off second-best to the partisan grudge match." In his consumer guide for MSN Music, Robert Christgau gave the album a B+ rating, indicating "remarkable one way or another, yet also flirts with the humdrum or the half-assed." He found protest songs in general to be "hard to nail even in the moment" and felt that some of the album's songs "just don't twist the screw tight enough", but quipped, "I give extra credit for both preaching to the converted and doing his damnedest to rally the holier-than-thou."
Commercial performance.
The album charted at number 164 on the US "Billboard" 200, on which it spent one week. It was Cooder's fourth-highest charting album in the US. "Election Special" attained higher charting in other countries. In the United Kingdom, the album debuted at number 41 on the UK Albums Chart, and at number five on the Official Record Store Chart. It also debuted at number 25 on the Scottish Albums Chart. "Election Special" reached its highest position in Norway, where it peaked at number nine. It has charted for four weeks and reached number 28 in the Netherlands.
Track listing.
All tracks were produced by Ry Cooder.
Personnel.
Credits for "Election Special" adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="36792454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792454" title="Dasht-e Abbas">
Dasht-e Abbas

Dasht-e Abbas (, also Romanized as Dasht-e ‘Abbās and Dasht Abbās) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 144, in 27 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792469" title="Frances Eleanor Trollope">
Frances Eleanor Trollope

Frances Eleanor Trollope (née Ternan) (August 1835 – 14 August 1913) was an English novelist.
She was born aboard a paddle steamer in Delaware Bay, the eldest of three surviving daughters of the actors Thomas Lawless Ternan and Frances Eleanor Ternan (née Jarman); her younger sister Ellen Ternan achieved some notoriety as the mistress of Charles Dickens. Frances Ternan married into the novel-writing Trollope family, being the second wife of Thomas Adolphus Trollope and therefore the sister-in-law of Anthony Trollope and daughter-in-law of Frances Milton Trollope, whose biography "" she authored.
She and her husband lived in Italy from their marriage in 1866 until 1890, when they returned to England. Thomas died in 1892. Frances died 14 August 1913 at Southsea, where she had been living with her sister Ellen.

</doc>
<doc id="36792470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792470" title="Jamal Fyfield">
Jamal Fyfield

Jamal Nehemiah Fyfield (born 17 March 1989) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays for Welling United as a defender.
Fyfield started his career with Leyton Orient's youth system but was released after serving his scholarship. He joined Maidenhead United of the Conference South in 2007 and was named the club's Young Player of the Year in 2009. He signed for Conference Premier side York City in 2010 before going back on loan to Maidenhead for one month. He played in the York side that won promotion to League Two in the 2011–12 season, although he did not feature in the 2012 Conference Premier play-off Final. After a year and a half of playing for York in League Two, Fyfield joined Grimsby Town in 2014.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Leyton, London, Fyfield started his career in the youth system of hometown club Leyton Orient and signed a two-year scholarship with the club in 2005. Fyfield was released at the end of his scholarship and signed for newly-promoted Conference South club Maidenhead United during the summer of 2007. He made his debut as a substitute in Maidenhead's 3–3 draw at home to Havant & Waterlooville on 15 September 2007. Fyfield's first start came on 22 September 2007 in a 1–1 draw away at Hampton & Richmond Borough. He had a spell on loan with Potters Bar Town of the Isthmian League Division One North later in 2007, for whom he made five league appearances. He finished the 2007–08 season, his first at Maidenhead, with 18 appearances.
Fyfield's first appearance of the 2008–09 season came as a substitute in Maidenhead's 4–2 victory away at Bognor Regis Town on 23 August 2008. From 1 January 2009, he started all but three of Maidenhead's remaining games of the season, going on to finish the campaign with 33 appearances. He was given the club's Young Player of the Year award. Fyfield started Maidenhead's opening game of the 2009–10 season, a 0–0 draw at home to Dover Athletic on 8 August 2009, and scored the first goal of his senior career on 10 April 2010 with the winning goal away to Bishop's Stortford in the 54th minute. He finished the season with 39 appearances and two goals, after which he signed a new contract with the club in July 2010, despite seeking a transfer to a full-time club.
York City.
Fyfield had played six games for Maidenhead in the 2010–11 season when he signed for Conference Premier York City on a contract until the end of the season for a nominal fee on 18 September 2010 after a trial. He scored on his York debut with the final goal of a 3–1 victory away at Tamworth on 25 September 2010. His first game since returning came in a 2–2 draw at home to Bishop's Stortford on 5 February 2011; he went on to make six appearances before deciding to cut the loan spell short to fight for a place in the York first team. Fyfield returned to the York team after starting their last three games of the season.
Fyfield made his first outing of the 2011–12 season as a 64th minute substitute in York's 1–0 defeat at home to AFC Telford United on 20 August 2011. He continued to be used as a substitute until starting a 1–0 victory at home to Bath City on 13 September 2011. Having established himself in central defence alongside David McGurk he scored his first goal of the season with a backheel in York's 6–2 home win over Braintree Town on 8 October 2011. He lost his place in the starting line-up following York's 1–1 draw at home to Mansfield Town on 26 December 2011 and did not return until a 0–0 home draw against Tamworth on 6 March 2012 due to other players being unavailable. Two games later he scored a stoppage time winner in a 3–2 victory away at Grimsby Town on 13 March 2012 with a forward run and shot into the bottom-left corner from outside the penalty box, having been at fault for Grimsby's first goal. Four days later, Fyfield assisted Matty Blair's winning goal in the FA Trophy semi-final second leg away at Luton Town on 17 March 2012 with a cross from the left flank, with the final score of 1–1 seeing York progress to the final 2–1 on aggregate.
Having started York's 1–1 draw at home to Mansfield Town in the first leg of the play-off semi-final on 2 May 2012, Fyfield was named on the bench for the second leg five days later. He only entered the match as an 87th minute substitute, but during extra time released Jason Walker on the left, who went on to assist Blair's winning goal, seeing York progress to the play-off final. Fyfield entered the 2012 FA Trophy Final as an 83rd minute substitute, in which York beat Newport County 2–0 at Wembley Stadium on 12 May 2012. He was not named in the squad for the 2012 Conference Premier play-off Final, which York won with a 2–1 victory over Luton at Wembley to earn promotion to League Two after an eight-year absence from the Football League. Having finished the season with 40 appearances and 3 goals, he signed a new one-year contract at York in June 2012, with the option of a further year.
Fyfield started York's game away at League One Doncaster Rovers in the League Cup first round in the opening game of the 2012–13 season on 11 August 2012, which the side lost 4–2 in a penalty shoot-out following a 1–1 draw after extra time. After making five appearances in the 2013–14 season, Fyfield left York by mutual consent on 13 January 2014, along with Craig Clay.
Grimsby Town.
On the same day as his departure from York, Fyfield signed for Conference Premier team Grimsby Town on a contract until the end of the 2013–14 season. Fyfield was released on 9 May 2014 having made 13 appearances.
Welling United.
He signed for another Conference Premier club, Welling United, on 24 June 2014.
Style of play.
Fyfield primarily plays as a left-back or as a centre-back, and can also provide cover as a left winger.
Honours.
York City

</doc>
<doc id="36792471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792471" title="Gatareh">
Gatareh

Gatareh (, also Romanized as Gatāreh; also known as Shahrak-e S̱ārāllah) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 513, in 77 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792484" title="Wooden Church, Sighetu Silvaniei">
Wooden Church, Sighetu Silvaniei

The Wooden Church () is a church in Sighetu Silvaniei, Romania, built in the 1632 in Sălăjeni, Sălaj.

</doc>
<doc id="36792493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792493" title="Eyn Khvosh">
Eyn Khvosh

Eyn Khvosh (, also Romanized as ‘Eyn Khvosh, ‘Eyn-e Khvosh, Eyn Khūsh, and ‘Eyn-e Khowsh; also known as Chashmeh Khush) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 709, in 118 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792513" title="Eyn Savleh">
Eyn Savleh

Eyn Savleh (, also Romanized as ‘Eyn Şavleh and ‘Eyn oş Şūleh) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 361, in 67 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792526" title="Norman Aviation J6 Karatoo">
Norman Aviation J6 Karatoo

The Norman Aviation J6 Karatoo is a Canadian advanced ultralight aircraft, that was designed by Jessie Anglin and produced by Norman Aviation of Saint-Anselme, Quebec. The aircraft was supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Production is complete and the J6 Karatoo is no longer available from Norman Aviation.
Design and development.
The Norman Aviation J6 Karatoo was a modified version of the original Anglin J6 Karatoo, designed to comply with the Canadian ultralight rules. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit with doors, fixed conventional landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft fuselage is made from welded steel tubing, with its wings made from wood and all surfaces covered in doped aircraft fabric. Its span wing has an area of and mounts flaps. The wing is supported by V-struts and jury struts. The standard engines used are the Rotax 582 two-stroke, the Rotax 912UL or Subaru EA four-stroke powerplants.
Construction time from the factory supplied kit is estimated at 300 hours.
Operational history.
In August 2012 there were 26 Norman J6 Karatoos on the Transport Canada Civil Aviation Register. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792549" title="Mohammad Khan Heydari-ye Yek">
Mohammad Khan Heydari-ye Yek

Mohammad Khan Heydari-ye Yek (, also Romanized as Moḩammad Khān Ḩeydarī-ye Yek) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792551" title="North Hawthorne (NYS&amp;W station)">
North Hawthorne (NYS&amp;W station)

North Hawthorne, known as North Paterson when originally constructed, was a rail station and yard located in Hawthorne, New Jersey in Passaic County. The facility, which was equipped with car and engine shops, served passengers and freight for the both the Erie Railroad and the New York, Susquehanna and Western Railroad from 1892 to 1966. Passenger service from North Hawthorne primarily transported commuters to and from the Susquehanna Transfer station in North Bergen or the Erie Railroad's Pavonia Terminal in Jersey City. Connecting service included the now defunct Public Service Railway, which at one time used North Hawthorne as the terminus of a trolley line connecting Hawthorne to Paterson. Once a sizable complex with multiple spurs and sidings for surrounding industries, North Hawthorne has been reduced to a single runaround siding. Every structure associated with the yard has been demolished, except for the roundhouse, which today is owned by private interests.
Station layout and services.
Passenger service and site description.
North Hawthorne was located on the NYS&W’s Main Line, which during the years of Erie Railroad control (1898-1937) stretched from Croxton in Jersey City, New Jersey to Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. At Croxton, the NYS&W's tracks met the Erie Railroad’s Main Line. Through this junction, passenger trains on the NYS&W’s Main Line originating as far away as Pennsylvania were able to connect to Erie’s Pavonia Terminal. 
The area where the yard was located is within an industrial area of Hawthorne, between Utter Ave and Central Ave. The NYS&W listed its milepost (MP) along the Main Line at 23.30. It was between NYS&W’s Hawthorne and Wortendyke stations, although it was much closer to Hawthorne (MP 22.5) than to Wortendyke (MP 26.10). Midland Park station once existed between North Hawthorne and Wortendyke, but no trace of it survives.
In 1941, the NYS&W's Main Line had shrunk as the railroad abandoned the line between Hainesburg Junction (Blairstown, New Jersey) and Stroudsburg, Pennsylvania. Though the railroad extended to Blairstown until 1962, passenger service by 1939 continued only between Butler and Jersey City, with trains originating in Butler and North Hawthorne. 
Trains originating at North Hawthorne offered one of two options, a rapid transit ‘streamliner’ servicing locales west of Maywood, primarily Paterson with direct service to Susquehanna Transfer in North Bergen, or a local service (ten trains per week) which made frequent stops between North Hawthorne and the Susquehanna Transfer before continuing on to Jersey City’s Pavonia Terminal. 
In 1958, the NYS&W cut its rapid transit service, leaving only its slower local trains to operate from North Hawthorne. By 1959, Pavonia Terminal ceased to operate, ending passenger service south of the Susquehanna Transfer. Local trains to the Susquehanna Transfer from North Hawthorne eventually ended in 1966.
As of mid–2012, all that remains of North Hawthorne is one siding running parallel to where the car shop used to be. The NYS&W refers to this siding as one its runarounds. The yard's roundhouse, which was sold in 1946, still stands, although it has undergone extensive modifications. Some of the surrounding industrial buildings also retain old rail freight platforms, although these are either sealed up or in a state of disrepair.
Connections.
Starting in 1911, North Hawthorne served as the northern terminus of Public Service Railway's "Lakeview" trolley line, with service between Hawthorne and Paterson. The trolley tracks closely paralleled to the NYS&W's Main Line in Hawthorne, following the alignment of (from south to north) Lincoln Street, Grand Avenue, and 4th Avenue. In 1912, the name "Lakeview" was dropped and changed to "State Line". This was changed again in 1913 to simply "Hawthorne". North Hawthorne continued to act as the northern terminus of line until 1914, when trolley service was extended along a mostly private right-of-way to Ridgewood.
North Hawthorne remained a transfer point to the Hawthorne trolley line until 1926, when the line was abandoned. After 1926, the trolley service was bustituted, with Public Service Coordinated Transport retaining the name "Hawthorne" on the bus line, which it numbered route P22. Bus service ran along Lafayette Avenue instead of 4th Avenue, one block west of the original alignment of the trolley route. Later in the 20th century, after the closing of North Hawthorne, the P22 route would evolve into New Jersey Transit's bus route 722.
History.
Early years and Erie control.
The creation of the North Hawthorne yard stemmed from a fire which destroyed repair shops, as well as some locomotives, at NYS&W's Wortendyke facility in 1891. In 1892, a new, replacement yard with car and engine shops was opened a few miles to the south of Wortendyke. The new yard at North Paterson (the Borough of Hawthorne was not established for another eight years, and the yard would not be renamed "North Hawthorne" until 1923) featured a roundhouse, turntable, and a passenger station with a single platform. These improvements phased out the need for passenger trains servicing the city of Paterson to reverse.
While most of North Hawthorne was essentially built from the ground up, the station house was actually relocated to the site from a nearby property. Prior to 1891, the station house sat approximately a quarter mile to the north of the North Hawthorne yard, near present day Van Winkle Avenue. The station had been established as a depot called "Van Winkle", which was named for the local family that had granted land to the NYS&W's predecessor (the New Jersey Western Railroad) for the construction of the line. Against the Van Winkle family's wishes, on May 24, 1891, the NYS&W removed the station house from its foundation and placed it on the track. A locomotive then dragged the building down the rails (which had been greased) to the North Hawthorne site, on the corner of Rea Avenue and 4th Avenue.
From 1898 to 1937, while the NYS&W was under the control of the Erie Railroad, the Main Line, on which North Hawthorne was situated, served to connect commuters and travelers as far away as Stroudsburg to Erie's Pavonia Terminal in Jersey City. At the terminal, passengers could then take ferries or Hudson & Manhattan Railroad trains (PATH train predecessor) into lower Manhattan. The volume of traffic on the Main Line was considerable, with thirty-eight passenger trains noted as make daily trips through North Hawthorne in 1915. The car shops during this time employed two hundred workers. Freight operations at North Hawthorne included a regular milk stop, with dairy product being transferred from farms north and west.
Reorganization and streamliner era.
In 1937, after declaring bankruptcy, the NYS&W reorganized as an independent company under the leadership of a court appointed trustee, Walter Kidde. Under Kidde's guidance, the railroad developed a plan to capture the market on travel to Midtown Manhattan. At the time, buses had an almost exclusive connection to Midtown due to the then newly completed Lincoln Tunnel. The NYS&W sought to compete directly with buses by offering a new passenger service to just outside the tunnel, and then using a contracted bus service to ferry passengers into Midtown. 
As initially conceived, the newly planned route to Midtown would have had bus service beginning in Butler and continuing to North Hawthorne, where passengers would then switch to rail. (Bus service was considered between Butler and North Hawthorne due to low train ridership.) Rail service would continue to the Susquehanna Transfer Station at Route 3/495, where passengers would then switch to buses to complete the commute into Midtown. However, in November 1938, the Borough of Pompton Lakes (between Butler and North Hawthorne) would not grant the railroad permission to operate a bus service within its borders. Other towns considered similar action, but the plan to use buses instead of trains between North Hawthorne and Butler was dropped by 1939 due an increase in railroad ridership.
On August 1, 1939, trains starting from Butler and North Hawthorne began making runs to the Susquehanna Transfer Station, marking the beginning of a service that would persist for the next two decades. North Hawthorne became the origin for trains making local stops between Paterson and Jersey City, as well as rapid transit ‘streamliner’ trains making stops only between Paterson and Maywood, and then proceeding directly to the Susquehanna Transfer and Jersey City.
Though it still retained some older trains, the NYS&W began purchasing a small fleet of ACF Motorailers, a type of self-propelled rail car, to run the rapid transit route between North Hawthorne and Susquehanna Transfer. These were supplemented by leased Electro Motive Company motor cars from the Erie Railroad, which the NYS&W utilized until 1944. The railroad also purchased two used Brill motor cars and rebuilt them to look more like its ACF cars. All of these cars, including the leased Erie cars, were repaired at the North Hawthorne car shop until 1946. After 1946, repairs were shifted to NYS&W’s Little Ferry facility. However, as North Hawthorne remained a starting point of local and rapid transit service, cars were continually stored there. North Hawthorne’s roundhouse was subsequently sold the same year, and the old car shop became not much more than a garage. Though both Brill and ACF cars were stored at North Hawthorne overnight, the NYS&W favored using the ACF cars over the Brills whenever possible, so it was not uncommon for the Brills to be held on standby in North Hawthorne.
In October, 1950, the NYS&W put new Budd RDC cars into service on the North Hawthorne-Susquehana Transfer route. Like their predecessors the Brills and the ACFs, the new RDCs were stored overnight in North Hawthorne at the car shop-turned-garage. This continued to until 1958, when an economic downturn and rising operating costs forced the NYS&W to begin mothballing and selling off its fleet of RDCs. The rapid transit service was cancelled, but North Hawthorne continued to operate as a passenger terminal, as well as a storage facility for non-motorized rail cars. Finally, on June 30, 1966, the last passenger trains left North Hawthorne, and the yard began to fall into disrepair.
Post-passenger service and industrial decline.
Near noon on Friday, February 17, 1967, the Morningstar-Paisley plant just north of the station house exploded, spreading debris and scorching heat through the disused yard. Just before the incident, an NYS&W crew had placed a fully loaded boxcar along the plant's siding. As the crew moved its locomotive in front of the station house, the plant was leveled by a blast delivering enough power to throw the loaded boxcar across two sets of tracks. The resulting fire engulfed a structure attached to the plant and an outlying building on the property, but firefighters managed to keep it from spreading further.
By the arrival of the 1970s, financial difficulties forced the NYS&W to dismantle the yard. The station house initially escaped demolition, but a fire in 1976 burned it to the ground. What remained of North Hawthorne by the late 1970s were a few sidings along where the station house and car shop were situated, as well as the spurs and sidings for surrounding industrial properties. By 2003, the largest spur, for an industrial complex (including a large, former A&P warehouse) located just east of where the car shop used to be, was no longer in service, and what remained of the tracks was scheduled to be removed. By 2008, the last industry using a siding linked to the former North Hawthorne yard (Delawanna Plastics) was gone, and the siding, which crossed Utter Avenue, was scheduled to be removed. In 2009, the remnants of the corridor used by the largest spur were provided as an easement to local industry to expand a driveway.

</doc>
<doc id="36792553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792553" title="Karatoo">
Karatoo

Karatoo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36792554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792554" title="Donald Duncan">
Donald Duncan

Donald Duncan or Don Duncan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36792557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792557" title="Shahrak-e Esteqlal, Ilam">
Shahrak-e Esteqlal, Ilam

Shahrak-e Esteqlal (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Esteqlāl; also known as Esteqlāl) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 459, in 79 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792562" title="Esteqlal">
Esteqlal

Esteqlal (, also Romanized as Esteqlāl) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 621, in 100 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792566" title="Shahrak-e Badr">
Shahrak-e Badr

Shahrak-e Badr (; also known as Badr) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 102, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792604" title="HD 201507">
HD 201507

HD 201507 is a F-type subgiant in Equuleus.
Galactic orbit.
HD 201507 has a galactic orbit with an orbital eccentricity of 13.8%.

</doc>
<doc id="36792633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792633" title="St Patrick's Classical School">
St Patrick's Classical School

St. Patrick's Classical School is a prominent Roman Catholic-run school for boys in Navan, County Meath. It has produced a number of prominent politicians, journalists, Irish sports personalities, broadcasters and two winners of the famous Perrier Comedy Award at the Edinburgh Fringe. It's known throughout the country for its ability to produce a potentially All-Ireland winning Football team every year. 100% of all students who sat the Leaving Cert in 2012 accepted a place in third level education in Ireland.
History.
St. Patrick's Classical School was founded in 1930 when the Diocese of Meath's seminary, St. Finian's College, which had previously been the main provider of denominational education for boys locally, moved from Navan to the new diocesan capital, Mullingar in County Westmeath. The school's patron is the Roman Catholic Bishop of Meath. The school was previously located in a small architecturally distinctive building on Academy Street in the centre of the town, but in 1970 it moved to a new campus at the outskirts of the town.
As its name indicated, it placed heavy emphasis on the teaching of the classics, Latin and Greek, rather than vocational subjects. Until the granting of "free education" by the Irish Minister for Education, Brian Lenihan, (his predecessor who proposed free education, Donogh O'Malley died before he could implement the plan) the school operated as a fee-paying school. Its education is now free. Though predominantly Roman Catholic, the school attracts many pupils from other religions and none. It particularly attracts members of the local Islamic community.
Although the Roman Catholic Bishop of Meath remains the school patron, the school has long been under lay control and the last member of the clergy that was principal of the school was Fr Michael Sheerin in 1988. Following the decline in numbers of people entering the priesthood in Ireland, the school no longer has any priest on its teaching staff.
On 27 November 2009, Uachtáran na hÉireann, Her Excellency Mary McAleese visited the school.
The school uniform consists of a light blue shirt, a navy jumper and grey slacks for junior students. Senior students wear navy slacks.
The school has often been credited for its success in National Competitions and Leagues. The Board of Management of St. Patrick's Classical School implements an admission policy that conforms with the Education Act 1998, the Education (Welfare) Act 2000 and the Equal Status Act 2000.
In March 2013, the Irish Independent Newspaper said St. Patrick's Classical School is the town's most prestigious secondary school, which runs a waiting list of more than 200 students.
Notable past pupils.
The school has produced many prominent figures in Irish politics, business, the international media and comedy. Among its most prominent ex-pupils are James Tully, the Labour Party Deputy Leader and Irish government minister in the 1970s and early 1980s; Jim Fitzsimons, a longtime Fianna Fáil Member of the European Parliament; Jim Duffy, a journalist; Simon Cumbers, a prominent broadcast journalist killed by al-Qaeda in 2004; David Beggy, a Gaelic football star turned successful rugby player; Dylan Moran and Tommy Tiernan, both winners of the famous international Perrier Award for Comedy at the Edinburgh Festival who had award-winning comedy shows on British television; London West End star Willy Byrne; Irish radio and television presenter Hector Ó hEochagáin. The school was also attended by the successful trance DJ and producer John O'Callaghan.
The successes of Tiernan, Darcy, Moore, Byrne and McManus were credited to the passion for stage and theatre of one of the school teachers, Richie Ball, whose success in the 1980s in inspiring teenagers to opt for careers in the arts, earned considerable media attention. Another teacher, Mr. Kevin Mallon, became a Gaelic games radio and television commentator, while another teacher, and the current school principal, Mr. Colm O'Rourke, became famous throughout Ireland as a prominent member of the longtime successful Meath senior Gaelic football team, before becoming one of the main panelists on Gaelic games coverage on RTÉ, Ireland's national broadcaster. The school has itself produced many current stars in Irish sport, especially in Gaelic games, including several past and present Meath Gaelic footballers.
Sporting tradition.
Sporting facilities at the school include two full sized Gaelic football pitches, one full size astro-turf pitch, a sports arena, a state of the art sports hall, a table tennis room, and a fully equipped weights gym.
Sport has been played at St. Patrick's since the foundation of the School and thrives on it for success, as the school believes that it complements academic life and benefits the student after they leave for third level education. 
Gaelic football.
The Senior Gaelic football team has won the Hogan Cup (All Ireland Schools "A" competition) three times, in 2000, 2001 and 2004. The current team is coached by Mr. Colm O'Rourke, Mr. Enda Monaghan and Mr. Colm Kileen. Also, the Juvenile Football team won the North Leinster Juvenile Championship 2011 against St Mary's School in Mullingar by 2-18(Pat's) to 1-5(St. Mary's). The Junior team (U-16) also clinched a "Leinster Junior A Title" in 2011/2012 which they had never seemed to have won for many years, they beat Clonkeen College in a match where the Dublin side only grabbed 2 points.
In the 2012/2013 season the Senior team won the Leinster final, they had a bye for the first round, Pat's bet Maote Community School in Pairc Tailteann with a score 2-8 to 1-7, in the Leinster Quarter Fianl they played St Peter's College, Wexford and they were Victorious with a tally of 2-7 to 1-6. In the Leinster semi final against Coláiste Eoin of Dublin in Ratoath and the final score was 1-9 to 1-8. They won the Leinster Final after beating St. Mary's Secondary School Edenderry in Mullingar at a score of 1-12 to 2-07. They bet Pobalscoil Corca Dhuibhne from Dingle in the All-Ireland Semi Final in Nenagh at a score of 2-07 to 0-11. In the All Ireland Final on the 13 of April, 2013 in Croke Park, St. Patrick's Classical School lost to St. Patrick's of Maghera on a score of 1-20 to 1-10.
Rugby.
In 2010, the Junior Rugby team won the Junior Duff Cup against Skerries Community School. The score was 8-3.
In 2012, The Junior Rugby team won the Division A league and Junior Duff cup for the first time. Beating St.Columbus 11-6 with flanker Éanna O'Brien scoring the winning try in the league and beating St.Finians 22-3 to win the cup.
Basketball.
St. Pat's has won many basketball tournaments over the years. The U-19's and U-16's basketball teams both made it to the north-east regional finals in 2011/2012. The U-19's won their final but were knocked out in the qualifiers for the All-Ireland. The U-16's lost their final but were able to advance to All-Ireland qualifiers but were knocked out. 
Golf.
This year trials were held in Royal Tara Golf Club. The Junior Panel was Daire Creavin, Gary Gibney, Gary Farrell, Niall Kearney, and Patrick Somer. The Senior Panel was Ian Sweeney, Evan McGrane, Chris Gallagher, Gary Gibney, and Daire Creavin.
Positive Mental Health Week.
5 students from 5th year were amazed with the strength of the Kerry teenager Donal Walsh who had terminal cancer. They raised €1300 for the Donal Walsh #LiveLife Foundation by selling wristbands to the students. They inspired the staff to organize this week.
Monday.
Monday's theme was sleep, the students were thought that sleeping is an important factor in the upkeep of positive mental health.
Tuesday.
Tuesday's theme was Diet, the students were also thought that having a proper diet can have a positive influence on you're mental health. 
Wednesday.
Wednesday's theme was Exercise, all of the 1st and 2nd years dressed up is colourful costumes and ran around Navan town to help raise awareness that having regular exercise is an important factor in the upkeep of positive mental health.
Thursday.
Thursday's theme was Raising Awareness, there was a concert on in the sports hall attended by all students and staff. There were 3 speakers of the highest caliber, Niall Breslin (Bressie) talked about himself having struggles with Generalized anxiety disorder and panic attacks, Tommy Tiernan talked about his adolescent years in the school, and finally was the mother of an inspirational Kerry teenager Donal Walsh, Elma Walsh gave a talk on her sons battle with cancer after every pupil watched the RTE documentary about Donal called "Donal Walsh My Story" in class.
Friday.
Friday's theme was Laughter, again the students were thought that having some humour is a positive influence to the upkeep of you're mental health.
Mission Statement.
The mission of St. Patrick’s Classical School is to educate its students according to the best traditions and highest standards of Catholic schooling under the patronage of the Bishop of Meath. 
It endeavours at all times to provide, through as wide, as varied and as balanced a curriculum as is possible, for the spiritual, intellectual, emotional, social, cultural and moral development of all its students.
St. Patrick’s Classical School strives for excellence in all aspects of culture, including sport, drama and music, wherein students are challenged and encouraged to realise their full potential as human beings.
As partners in this education process the Board of Management, Principal, Deputy-Principal, Staff and Parents are also conscious of the importance of encouraging the growth of positive behaviour, the development of leadership skills and the meaningful understanding of all aspects of living with regard to citizenship, family, work and leisure.
Further, they as a school believe that all aspects of school life should be lived in a spirit of justice and charity and that Christian selflessness should be an integral part of their dealings with one another. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792637" title="Zheng Gu Shui">
Zheng Gu Shui

Zheng Gu Shui (pronounced “Jung Goo Shway”) literally means "Fix Bone Water", or "Rectify Bone Water"; it is a bone setting solution used in Traditional Chinese Medicine. This liquid formula created by a Chinese master herbalist over 500 years ago was used to heal fractures and broken bones and injuries suffered in combat. It is still used today by Chinese medical practitioners to treat all kind of injuries, including sports, automobile and accidental injuries. In sports like martial arts, surfing and skateboarding, the chance of getting a dislocated or a sprained joint is very likely. When applied, Zheng Gu Shui stops the pain and quickly starts the healing process. For broken bones and fractures, it can actually speed the regeneration of broken bone tissue. That does not mean it is unnecessary to see a doctor (one should always seek medical attention for an injury), but applying the formula to an injury right away before seeing the doctor will help with the pain.
How to use the solution.
Soak cotton balls with the solution and apply to the injured area; keeping the injured area moist with the Zheng Gu Shui is very important. Wrapping the soaked cotton balls around the injured area with gauze or plastic wrap will do the trick also; they should be left on upper extremities for an hour and on lower extremities for an hour and a half. If a cast is placed on the injured area, the Zheng Gu Shui can be applied to surrounding area to help speed up the healing process. 
The above method can cause severe burn of the skin and possible lead to very bad infection. The best way to use it is to dab the solution to the pain area and then let it dry, repeat the process several times a day.
Zheng Gu Shui is also used by people who have aching feet from standing all day or people who suffer from plantar fasciitis. One can apply it liberally to the bottom of the feet, let dry and then put on socks and shoes. This should be done several times a day, especially before standing for long periods to help with the pain.
The formulation in traditional chinese medicine works on multiple pathways; first it moves Qi and blood, dispelling any blood stagnation; second, it stops pain and relaxes the muscles and tendons; third, it promotes healing. In Chinese medicine it is very important to move Qi, which in Chinese medicine is carried by blood, to heal. It will even speed up the healing of broken bones and fractures.
Zheng Gu Shui is an external use only formula. It must not be ingested, and must be kept out of reach from children. As with all powerful liniments like Dit da jow or Iron Palm, Zheng Gu Shui has an alcohol base and is flammable. Dit da jow is a similar formula for bruises and blood stagnation and for healing injuries. It is volatile so it must be used and stored properly. It can stain clothing if the liniment does not dry before dressing, but it dries fast. To remove any stains, rubbing alcohol does the trick.
Contents.
The ingredients in Zheng Gu Shui are as follows (percentages are not rounded up or down):
Pseudoginseng 25%
Croton seed 18%
Cinnamon bark 13%
Angelica root 13%
Gentiana 12%
Inula flower 12%
Menthol crystal 3%
Camphor crystal 2%
Alcohol is the base liquid to pull out the alkaloidal constituents.

</doc>
<doc id="36792652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792652" title="Aled Davies (athlete)">
Aled Davies (athlete)

Aled Siôn Davies MBE (born 24 May 1991) is a Paralympian athlete from Wales competing mainly in category F42 throwing events. In 2012 he became the world record holder of the F42 shot put and in the 2012 Summer Paralympics he took the bronze medal in shot put and gold in the discus. In 2013 Davies took the World Championship gold in both the shot put and discus in Lyon.
Career history.
Davies was born in Bridgend, South Wales in 1991. He was born with hemimelia of the right leg. From a young age Davies enjoyed sports, representing Wales as a child at swimming. In 2006 Davies switched to athletics deciding to commit to the shot put and discus. In 2009, Davies participated in the 2009 Welsh Open, winning both the shot put and discus. He followed this with a silver medal at the 2009 IWAS World Junior Championships and just missed the medal table with the discus after finishing fourth. Davies surpassed both achievements in 2010 when he became IWAS Junior champion in both F42 shot put and discus in the games at Olomouc in the Czech Republic.
Davies began 2011 by competing in the IPC World Championships in Christchurch, New Zealand. He finished 4th in the shot put but took 2nd place in the discus. In April he competed in his third IWAS Junior Championship, hosted in Dubai. He finished first in both discus and shot put, recording a personal best in the shot put. In May he threw a confirmed personal best in the discus at the Paralympic World Cup in Manchester giving him third place.
2012 saw Davies compete in the CP Sport Grand Prix held in Gateshead in the North of England. His shot put result of 14.56m was a world record in the F42 class. Davies continued 2012 with gold in both discus and shot put at the Croatian Open in Zagreb. Two weeks later, on 22 May, he competed in the Paralympic World Cup, finishing third, despite a personal best of 47.72m. 
In 2012, Davies was selected for the Great Britain team in the shot put and discus for the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the F42-44 category. On 31 August 2012 he took the bronze medal in the shot put, recording a distance of 13.78, converting to 961 points. Two days later Davies took part in his second event at the Games, the T42 discus. His first throw was a distance of 45.31m, and although he bettered this slightly on his third throw (45.37), none of his competitors were able to better his initial result. On his last throw, Davies already knew he was the Paralympic champion, and with it set a European record of 46.14. Davies was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to athletics.
In 2013 Davies qualified for both shot and discus as part of the British team for the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships in Lyon, France. In the shot put Davies threw a distance of 14.71m, setting a new world record and securing the gold medal. He followed this three days later with gold in the F42 discus, making him a double world champion. Just days after his victories, Davies was informed that his favoured F42 discus event was to be dropped from the Paralympic program for the 2016 Games in Rio, a decision he campaigned to reverse. His performance at Lyon saw Davies becoming one of the five shortlisted competitors for BBC Wales Sports Personality of the Year 2013. Davies was also named Paralympic Sportsman of the Year at the 2013 Sports Journalists Association Awards.
In the close season of 2013/14, Davies underwent surgery to his foot. Despite believing he would struggle to regain early form he broke the world record in both the discus and shot put in 6 April 2014. He recorded a throw of 48.87m in the discus and 14.87m in the shot at the Weir Archer Academy in London in April 2014. The following month at the Cardiff Capital Throws in Leckwith he improved on his world record again in the shot. For the first time in his career he threw over 15 metres with a distance of 15.13m.
As part of the build up to the 2014 Commonwealth Games, Davies took part in the Queen's Baton Relay on its leg through Wales. Davies was joined by members of the Eryri Harriers Athletics Club as the baton was taken to the summit of Snowdon, the highest peak in Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="36792653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792653" title="Meetup">
Meetup

Meetup or meet-up, a word for "meeting".

</doc>
<doc id="36792677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792677" title="Czech Geological Society">
Czech Geological Society

Czech Geological Society is a non-profit organization dedicated to the advancement of the geosciences. It provides access to elements that are essential to the professional growth of earth scientists at all levels of expertise and from all sectors: academic, government, business, and industry. CGS is a member of the Czech Council of Scientific Societies and the Association of European Geological Societies (AEGS). Through the Czech National Geological Committee, CGS is also linked to the International Union of Geological Sciences. CGS takes an active role in various programs of international professional associations, such as IAGOD and IGCP.
History.
The Society was founded in 1923 as a Czechoslovak Society for Mineralogy and Geology.
Membership.
The society has about 530 members.
Activities.
The Society's primary activities are organizing scientific meetings and lecture series, publishing scientific literature and organizing field excursions open to general public.
Publications.
The Society publishes Journal of Geosciences (formerly Časopis pro mineralogii a geologii and Journal of the Czech Geological Society), a quarterly peer-review scientific journal. 
Twice a year, all members of the Society receive a Bulletin with up-to-date information on seminars, exhibitions, excursions and mineral shows to take place both in the country and elsewhere in Central Europe, new books and films, and a social chronicle.

</doc>
<doc id="36792706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792706" title="List of Iowa State Cyclones football seasons">
List of Iowa State Cyclones football seasons

This is a list of seasons completed by the Iowa State Cyclones football program since the team's conception in 1892. The list documents season-by-season records, and conference records from 1908 to the present.

</doc>
<doc id="36792720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792720" title="Zac Alexander">
Zac Alexander

Zac Alexander, (born 11 February 1989 in Brisbane in Australia) is a professional squash player who represented Australia. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 36 in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36792725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792725" title="National Route 14 (Argentina)">
National Route 14 (Argentina)

The Ruta Nacional 14 General José Gervasio Artigas (Decree Law 26859/10 jun 2013)is a major road in Argentina. It has its starting point in the small city of Ceibas, in the Entre Ríos province. Route 14 diverges from Ruta Nacional 12, following the río Uruguay coast and ending in the city of Bernardo de Irigoyen, Misiones. It is one of the most transited roads of the country, mainly because of tourists going to Brazil and Uruguay, and because it receives most of the former's trade.
The road is being widened between Gualeguaychú and Paso de los Libres. Almost the entire route is fully paved, except for the Gramado (near San Pedro) and Dos Hermanas stretch, which is due to be paved in February 2011. The road's length is 1.127 km.
Lately, this road has gained a bad reputation due to frequent car accidents, being colloquially dubbed "La Ruta de la Muerte"(the death road or route).
This route passes by the El Palmar National Park, which is known for its Yatay Palm trees, whose entrance is 6 km south of Ubajay, in the Entre Ríos province. It also passes by the Parque Provincial Cruce Caballero northeast from the city of San Pedro in the Misiones province.
Destinations.
These are some of the cities with 5000 inhabitants or more that RN 14 passes by:
Entre Ríos Province.
Stretch: 343 km (km 0 to 343)
Corrientes Province.
Stretch: 441 km (km 343 to 784)
Misiones Province.
Stretch: 343 km (km 784 to 1127).
Toll booths and services.
References:

</doc>
<doc id="36792732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792732" title="Annals of the Later Han">
Annals of the Later Han

Annals of the Later Han (後漢紀) is a Chinese history book of the Eastern Han dynasty. It was written by Yuan Hong (328 - 376) during the Jin dynasty (265–420). Yuan spent eight years to complete his Annals. The annals contains 30 books, and contains 210 thousands Chinese characters. It comprises from the farmers' revolts of the later years of Wang Mang to the years when Cao Pi, and Liu Bei became emperors, therefore it covers roughly 200 years. The annals was written in 50 years earlier than Fan Ye (historian)'s "Book of the Later Han", and it is one of two surviving history books of Eastern Han dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="36792748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792748" title="History of rugby union matches between New Zealand and the Barbarians">
History of rugby union matches between New Zealand and the Barbarians

New Zealand and the Barbarians have played each other on 10 occasions. The first encounter was in February 1954 and saw New Zealand win 19–5 at Cardiff Arms Park, while the last was in December 2009, when the Barbarians won 25–18 at Twickenham. The 10 matches have been played at two venues – Cardiff Arms Park and Twickenham – with both hosting five matches each. New Zealand have never played the Barbarians at home but have won seven of the 10 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36792774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792774" title="2012 Women's Junior NORCECA Volleyball Championship">
2012 Women's Junior NORCECA Volleyball Championship

The 2012 Girls' Youth NORCECA Volleyball Championship was the eight edition of the bi-annual Women's Volleyball Tournament, played by nine countries from August 21–26, 2012 in Managua, Nicaragua. The event served as qualifier to the 2013 Women's Junior World Championship
Pool standing procedure.
Match won 3–0: 5 points for the winner, 0 point for the loser<br>
Match won 3–1: 4 points for the winner, 1 points for the loser<br>
Match won 3–2: 3 points for the winner, 2 points for the loser<br>
In case of tie, the teams were classified according to the following criteria:<br>
points ratio and sets ratio
Individual awards.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36792809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792809" title="Georgina Cassar">
Georgina Cassar

Georgina Cassar (born 9 September 1993) is a Gibraltarian rhythmic gymnast. She represented Gibraltar at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi, India and competed for Team GB at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.
Early life.
Cassar was born on 9 September 1993 in Welwyn Garden City, United Kingdom to Maltese banker Franco and English mother Jackie. The family settled in Gibraltar in 1996 when her father took up a senior post at a local bank. She was mainly educated in Gibraltar having attended Governor's Meadow Primary School, Bishop Fitzgerald Middle School and Westside School.
Gymnastics career.
Cassar began training in ballet at the young age of three. 
Cassar represented Gibraltar at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi, India. She came 16th in the overall competition. In 2012 she travelled to Bath to train full-time with the Olympic team. While there, she studied A-levels in psychology, biology and PE at King Edward's School. She planned on remaining in Bath for her second year of A-levels following the games.
Olympic debut.
Cassar competed for Team GB at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom. She could not represent her native Gibraltar because the Gibraltar Olympic Committee is not recognised by the International Olympic Committee; however, using a similar by-law to Anguillan long jumper Shara Proctor and Turks and Caicos Islander Delano Williams, Cassar was eligible to represent the United Kingdom as Gibraltar is a British Overseas Territory and so she holds a British passport. She is the first athlete from Gibraltar to compete at the Olympic Games.
Cassar appeared on 10 August with the rest of Team GB. They came in 12th and failed to make the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36792826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792826" title="I Like Girls That Drink Beer">
I Like Girls That Drink Beer

"I Like Girls That Drink Beer" is a song recorded by American country music singer Toby Keith and co-written with Bobby Pinson. It was released in July 2012 and is the first single from his album "Hope on the Rocks", released on October 30, 2012.
Content.
Matt Bjorke of Roughstock.com states that the chorus of this uptempo break-up song, "feels distinctly country and what's good about it is that it's a song that's not really about beer. The hook "I like girls that drink beer" is more about finding a down to earth, regular woman instead of a high society, high-maintenance woman.” He goes on to say that, "Clearly contemporary, the song still has loads of fiddle, audible steel guitars and a downright country melody that makes it one of the most 'traditional' sounding songs to hit country radio."
Critical reception.
Billy Dukes of Taste of County rates the song 3.5 stars out of 5. He states, "the new song – presumably from an upcoming album — is closer to the 2003 hit ‘I Love This Bar’ than it is ‘Red Solo Cup’ or ‘Beers Ago.’ All of his best bar room cuts (including ‘Whiskey Girl’ and ‘As Good as I Once Was’) work because Keith sounds like he could easily fill in for Norm on ‘Cheers,’ albeit a more gruff and successful version of the famous television character."
Kevin John Coyne of County Universe gave the song an A. Coyne states that this song is, "An awesome throwback that recalls the great class-crossed lovers anthems without borrowing too heavily from them." He goes on to say, "...Keith isn’t just one of the genre’s greatest singers and songwriters. He’s also one of its smartest. When he’s at his best, we get songs that celebrate the working man and the country boy without a whiff of condescension or pandering." He ends with saying, "This is Toby Keith at his best."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Michael Salomon and premiered on September 7, 2012. It was filmed at a concert in San Bernardino, California.
Chart performance.
"I Like Girls That Drink Beer" debuted at number 28 on the US "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of August 11, 2012, Keith's second-best debut behind "Stays in Mexico", which debuted at number 27 in August 2004. It also debuted at number 86 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart and debuted at number 18 on the US "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart for the same week of August 11, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36792834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792834" title="Ayman Joumaa">
Ayman Joumaa

Ayman Saied Joumaa is a Colombian/Lebanese national and alleged drug kingpin. The US Treasury Department alleges that his organization launders money and traffics illicit drugs in the Americas, Middle East, Europe and Africa, and that he has ties to Hezbollah and Los Zetas cartel.
On January 26, 2011 the US Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) listed him as a Specially Designated Narcotics Trafficker under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act. On November 23, 2011 a federal grand jury indicted Joumaa for distributing tens of thousands of kilograms of cocaine from Colombia through Central America to Los Zetas in Mexico and for laundering millions of dollars' worth of drug money from Mexico, Europe and West Africa to Colombia and Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="36792841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792841" title="Memory Mucherahowa">
Memory Mucherahowa

Memory Mucherahowa (born 19 June 1968) is a Zimbabwean former footballer. He captained Dynamos F.C. to the 1998 CAF Champions League final and was named the 1994 Soccer Star of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="36792855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792855" title="Taylor Peak (Grand County, Colorado)">
Taylor Peak (Grand County, Colorado)

Taylor Peak, elevation , is a summit in the Front Range of north central Colorado. The peak is in Rocky Mountain National Park at the head of Loch Vale and just north of Taylor Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="36792861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792861" title="Ludwig Cohn">
Ludwig Cohn

Ludwig Cohn (1873 - 1935) was a German naturalist.
Beginning in 1904 he worked as a zoological assistant at the "Städtischen Museum für Natur-, Völker- und Handelskunde" (Municipal Museum of natural history, ethnology and trade history) in Bremen, under the direction of Hugo Schauinsland (1857-1937). In 1920 he was promoted to head of the natural history department at the museum. He is known for two scientific trips to what is now part of Papua New Guinea, being sponsored by the Bremen museum.
His first journey (1908/09) was to the Solomon Islands. With explorer Karl Nauer (1874-1962), he performed scientific research on Buka and Bougainville, collecting an array of natural and ethnographic objects. As a result of the expedition, a "Junggesellenhaus" (bachelor dwelling) from the island of Tijob, and a "Familienwohnhaus" (family house) from the settlement of Toboroi, became centerpieces at the opening of the South Seas Exhibition (1911) at the Bremen museum.
His second expedition (1911/12) was to the Admiralty Islands, where along with zoological items, he acquired a number of ethnographic objects, including a collection of carvings that became an important part of the ethnographic "Oceania collection" at the museum. Many of Cohn's museum artifacts were lost during World War II. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792863" title="335th Airlift Squadron">
335th Airlift Squadron

The 335th Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 514th Operations Group, based at McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey. It was inactivated on 30 September 1995
History.
Activated by ConAC in 1949 as Air Force Reserve transport unit, may or may not have been manned or equipped until 1951. Equipped with C-46 Commando transports. Elevated to active service due to Korean War, 1951-1953 Transported U.S. Army troops and cargo, provided aerial resupply, and dropped paratroopers within the U.S. and performed similar duties worldwide. Inactivated as administrative unit in 1953.
Reactivated in the reserves in April 1953, Equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcar theater transports. Recruited and trained Air Force Reserve personnel to provide tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems for Tactical Air Command airlift operations. 
Moved to Stewart AFB in 1961 with closure of Mitchel AFB. Then to McGuire AFB in 1963 as part of ConAC realignment of Tactical Air Command Troop Carrier units. Inactivated 1970 as part of phaseout of Flying Boxcars.
Reactivated in July 1973 at McGuire AFB and equipped with C-141 Starlifter intercontinental heavy transport. Performed worldwide airlift of personnel, equipment and supplies as Air Force Reserve Military Airlift Command training squadron. Inactivated September 1995 as part of phaseout of C-141 operations.

</doc>
<doc id="36792865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792865" title="Michael Comyn">
Michael Comyn

Michael Comyn KC (6 June 1871 – 6 October 1952) was a member of the British Civil Service, barrister, King's Counsel, politician, vice-chairman of the Irish Senate (appointed by de Valera while in opposition in 1928), judge, geologist, discoverer and operator of phosphate mines in Co. Clare, engaged in gold mining interests with Ben Briscoe in Avoca, Co. Wicklow, and finally "litigant in one of the longest cases ever heard in the Irish courts". As a lawyer-turned litigant, he recounted that "it was his last case, and he won it: a far cry from his first case as a young barrister...it was a bad case and I did it badly".
Michael Comyn was born at Clareville, Ballyvaughan, County Clare, in 1871, the eldest son and the second of seven children of James Comyn of Kilshanny, a tenant farmer and secretary of the local branch of the Land League. His mother was Ellenora, daughter of Thomas Quin, of Fanta Glebe, Kilfenora, Co. Clare. In 1879, the Comyn family were evicted from their home by Lord Clanricarde's agent and the family moved to Gortnaboul in Kilshanny parish, Co Clare. Michael Comyn attended the local school and was taught by Vere Ryan, father of the republican Frank Ryan. Later he attended Hugh Brady's school in Ruan, Co. Clare. This school had a reputation for tutoring its students successfully for civil service examinations. Michael boarded with his aunt (married to Casey) in Ruan during the week.
At the age of 19, Michael Comyn sat for an examination to be an excise officer; 2,500 people entered and 50 were selected. He was assigned to Powers' Distillery, Dublin (John's Lane Distillery (John Power & Sons) - Dublin 1791 - 1974) for a six-week introduction course. He was assigned to Lancaster, where he both worked in excise and attended Preston College. He returned to Dublin to University College Dublin where he studied law. He attended King's Inns while continuing to work during the day. Despite being transferred to Burton Salmon, Yorkshire, in his last year at the King's Inns which meant he was not able attend the required lectures, he persisted. He was one lecture short at the time of the final examination. Eager to proceed he put himself forward for the Victoria Prize, he won the Victoria Prize which enabled to complete his studies. Michael Comyn was called to the Irish bar in 1898 taking the Victoria Prize and joined the Munster Circuit in 1900. He built up a highly successful practice and he took silk in June 1914.
""A barrister at last, but a civil servant still. With no legal back ground, no solicitor acquaintances and no influential friends, the bar looked a particularly hazardous profession"." He decided to join the Munster circuit and presented himself at quarter sessions in his home county Clare.
Comyn would have met people like Fenian John O'Leary. Comyn was active in advanced nationalist politics. He would have known Patrick Pearse, Thomas Clarke, Eamon de Valera, Erskine Childers, Michael Collins, Kathleen O'Connell (secretary to Eamon de Valera), Elgin O'Rahilly, Kathleen Clarke (nee Daly) and many others. During the 1916 Easter Rising he was in Kansas City, USA, with Arthur Griffith, Founder of Sinn Fein in 1905. When he returned from the USA he became involved in the defense of Republican prisoners and was introduced to the Military Courts regime. He would argue several cases before the British House of Lords in his time.
"Re. Clifford and O'Sullivan 1921" is the case that is most significant. The case represented two of the 42 men under sentence of death from a military tribunal for possession of arms. It was a solicitor named James G. Skinner from Mitchelstown, Co. Cork, who approached Michael Comyn and his brother James with the words "Do anything but do something"..."Invent something if necessary". It is written that it was Michael Comyn who decided to apply for Prohibition (an old and seldom used remedy) which would be new to the authorities. "Re Clifford and O'Sullivan" proceeded forward to the House of Lords.
Initially, the application was made to the Chancery Division in Ireland. In 1920, two proclamations were announced, one by Viscount French, the Lord Lieutenant, putting certain areas including Co. Cork under martial law and the second by the British Commander-in-Chief in Ireland (Sir Nevil Mccready) requiring all civilians who did not hold a permit to surrender all arms, ammunition and explosives by December 27 of that year. Failure to comply meant that any unauthorized person found in possession of arms, ammunition or explosives, would become liable to trial by Military Court and on conviction the sentence was death. General Sir E.P. Strickland was appointed by the Commander-in-Chief Macready to be military governor of the martial law area. It was his duty to establish and organize the Military Courts. In April 1921, 42 individuals, including Clifford and O'Sullivan, were arrested near Mitchelstown, Co. Cork. On May 3, 1921, 42 civilians were tried by a military court on a charge of being in possession of arms and ammunition. They were sentenced to death "subject to confirmation".
Ten days later, May 10, 1921, Mr. Justice Powell sought a Writ of Prohibition against Sir Nevil Macready and General Strickland to prohibit them "(1) from further proceeding the trial of applicants, (2) from pronouncing or confirming any judgment upon them, (3) from carrying any judgment upon them into execution and (4) from otherwise interfering with them. The Prohibition sought was that the Military Court was in fact illegal and therefore had no jurisdiction to try the applicants or to adjudicate in any matter related to them. Mr. Justice Powell listened to this unusual application in his division but "felt constrained to dismiss it". In the appeal to the Court of Appeal - the Crown's case was that the Preliminary objection that Mr. Justice Powell's order was "made in a criminal cause or matter within s.50 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, 1877, therefore no appeal lay. "This contention succeeded with O'Connor, M.R., and Lord Justices Ronan and O'Connel, and the appeal was duly dismissed". June 16, 1921 (just six weeks after the verdict of the Military Court) the case appeared before the House of Lords in London for hearing on the Preliminary objection. Sir John Simon, K.C., led Michael Comyn K.C., James Comyn S.C., their colleague, Joe McCarthy (later appointed a Judge) and Richard O'Sullivan of the English court appeared before the House.
The House of Lords heard the argument but then decided to adjourn the preliminary objection hearing until the hearing of the case on its merits. This hearing over five days took place in July. Delay and elaborate review of the law throughout history, taking account of other wars, civil wars and revolutions was a tactic specifically used. A most detailed review of the conditions in which prisoners were held in custody was cited. A red herring by Comyn drew mention to a link to Comyns' Digest of the 18th century and where to place the apostrophe. 28th, July 1921 (only 10 weeks from the original trial by Military Court), Their Lordships, 4 from Scotland and Lord Atkinson from Ireland, gave judgment, which was most unsatisfactory. James Comyn, QC, (nephew of Michael Comyn KC and son of James Comyn SC) writes "On the strongly argued Preliminary objection that no appeal lay from Mr. Justice Powell or to them, they ruled against and against the unanimous judgment of the Court of Appeal...They went on to hold that Prohibition was inappropriate because first, the Military Court was not a judicial tribunal and secondly, the officers constituting it were "functi officio". They refrained from saying too much about the merits of the case because the use of habeas corpus 'might be attempted'".
James Comyn QC cites the Clifford and O'Sullivan case as a leading authority in the field of constitutional law. The lives of 42 men were at stake. Timing proved essential. Michael Comyn K.C. revealed later that King George V became aware of the details about the 42 men facing the death penalty. He was reported to be shocked and personally "interfered" to ensure that the sentences of death were not carried out. Not one of the 42 men were executed. Shortly after the Treaty, these men received their freedom.
"In Michael Comyn's view the case had been brought to an end through the intervention of King George V, who, he said, secured a promise from the prime minister that no executions would take place and that Peace would be made". It also notes that no republican prisoner whose case Comyn took up during the "troubles" suffered the death penalty. Other notable cases included his appeal to the House of Lords on behalf of the suffragette Georgina Frost.
After the truce in 1921 it is stated that Michael Comyn K.C. met with Arthur Griffith and Austin Stack in London. He is said to have revealed "intelligence" from a highly placed British source that Lloyd George (Prime Minister) "would negotiate on lines that would satisfy Smuts and would go to the country rather than to war if those negotiations failed".
During the Irish War of Independence, Michael Comyn K.C. was involved in the defense of Irish Republican prisoners at the High Court and before the Military Courts. He also defended Republican prisoners during the Irish Civil War. He also took part in some significant inquests notably the two that arose with the deaths of Cathal Brugha and Harry Boland with the intention to disrupt them on behalf of the IRA. Erskine Childers: when the Treaty was being negotiated in London was one of the principal secretaries to the Irish mission. The split between the pro- and the anti-treaty factions resulted in the former becoming the government and the latter under (de Valera) engaged in the hostilities.
Civil War: sentence of death penalty and Erskine Childers.
In the Civil War in Cork in 1922, Erskine Childers operated the printing press turning out anti-Treaty propaganda. In October 1922, de Valera made Childers secretary of de Valera's shadow "government" so he returned to Dublin. He returned with his typewriter and a small Colt automatic revolver (given to him by Michael Collins). While staying with his cousin Robert Barton (one of the signatories of the treaty) in Wicklow, he was captured by the forces of the Free State Government. His capture made headlines and it is reported that it was noted with satisfaction by Winston Churchill who said he was a "mischief making renegade" and added "Such as he is may all who hate us be". The charge against him was the "illegal possession of arms - the Colt revolver". Erskine Childers was due to stand trial before a Military Court November 17, 1922. He was imprisoned in Portobello Barracks and being a long-time friend of Michael Comyn KC, he asked Michael to defend him. He had often hidden in Michael's home in Leeson Park. As quoted in James Comyn's book, Michael Comyn talks about visiting Erskine Childers at the place of his imprisonment:
"Childers in his cell was perfectly calm, drinking tea from a mug. I knew how much he loved tea so I asked for a mug of tea for myself which I then gave it to Childers. "You know, Comyn," he said, "there is no defense in fact. I had a gun". "That may be", I replied, "but you are too famous a figure to be condemned without due form and solemnity". It was my rule in those awful times and awful circumstances never to betray any softness or sympathy: it would have been unkind. He had some messages for Mrs. Childers which I brought to her. She also was calm and told me that they had considered and discussed the probable course of events and that they were prepared. At his trial, which was in camera, Childers was, as we all anticipated, convicted. Then with Paddy Lynch (later Attorney-General) we went to the High Court, presided over by the Master of the Rolls, Sir Charles O'Connor, and we conducted a spirited fight based purely on technical grounds. It failed and we appealed. Before the appeal was heard - the terrible news came - in an announcement from London - that Childers had been shot at dawn on November 24 at Beggar's Bush Barracks. It appears that measures to rescue him were known to the Free State authorities and thus forestalled. It was a complete negation of justice, the worst I have ever known, to execute a man whose case for life or death was actually under argument and awaiting judgment"
The Judges of the Court of Appea echoed this when the case was held a few days later.
Michael Comyn had provided shelter for Erskine Childers while he was on the run, he regarded himself a friend of Erskine Childers. It had a profound impact on Michael Comyn when Erskine Childers was executed while the case was on appeal. He said "It was a complete negation of justice, the worst I have ever known, to execute a man whose case for life or death was actually under argument and awaiting judgment".
Michael Comyn KC knew Michael Collins but Comyn decided to take the anti-treaty side during the Civil War. After the Civil War, he became principal legal adviser to Eamon de Valera and Fianna Fail, advising on the formation of the party and the founding of the "Irish Press" newspaper. It is said that on the advice of Gavan Duffy and Michael Comyn to the Irish Free State that they could withhold payment of the land annuities to Britain.
In 1924, Michael Comyn married Marcella Margaret, younger daughter of Blake-Forster, the O'Donnellan, of Ballykeal House, Kilfenora, Co. Clare. Two daughters of the marriage are Marcella and Eleanor Rose now in their eighties.
In 1926 he became a founder member of Fianna Fáil and in 1928 he was elected as one of six Fianna Fáil Senators to the Free State Seanad under the leadership of Joseph Connolly for three years. He served as senator between 1928 and 1936 and was vice-chairman of the house (1934–36). "He was a keen debater, he was a hard-working and able legislator, if unforgiving of political opponents. On de Valera's accession to power, he expected to be made attorney general but was passed over in favour of Conor Maguire.
In 1931 he was re-elected for nine years. After the 1934 Seanad election, there was a contest on 12 December 1934 to decide who would be elected Cathaoirleach. Senator MacKean was absent for the vote but all other members were present. General Sir William Bernard Hickie chaired the election. The two candidates were the outgoing Cathaoirleach, Thomas Westropp Bennett, and the Fianna Fáil candidate, Comyn. Neither of the two candidates voted and so fifty-six Senators voted in the election, which resulted in a tie of twenty-eight votes each. Westropp Bennett received the votes of all twenty-one members of Fine Gael and seven Independents. Comyn received the votes of his eighteen Fianna Fáil colleagues, all the votes of the seven Labour Party Senators and the votes of three Independents: Sir Edward Bellingham, 5th Baronet, Thomas Linehan and Laurence O'Neill. Hickie then gave his casting vote for Westropp Bennett saying he would have done so had he had the opportunity in the division. The following week, however, Comyn defeated the outgoing Leas-Chathaoirleach, Michael F. O'Hanlon of Fine Gael, by twenty-six votes to twenty-five.
"In 1932 he took a successful action against de Valera's government for the recovery of £20,000 of IRA fund".
On 24 February 1936, he resigned his seat in the Seanad as he had been appointed a judge on the Eastern Circuit Court. He died in 1952 aged seventy-five years.

</doc>
<doc id="36792882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792882" title="Mark Edwards (harpsichordist)">
Mark Edwards (harpsichordist)

Mark Edwards (born 1986 in Toronto) is a Canadian harpsichordist and organist from Toronto, Ontario. He is first-prize winner of the 2012 Musica Antiqua Bruges International Harpsichord Competition.
Biography.
Mark Edwards began studying the piano at the age of 11, before turning to the organ at 16, and the harpsichord at 19.
In 2004, he followed piano and organ classes at the Interlochen Arts Academy in Michigan with Thomas Lymenstull and Thomas Bara. He continued with his organ studies with David Higgs at the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York, where he also followed courses in organ improvisation and harpsichord with renowned historical keyboards specialist, William Porter. He was organist at the Episcopal Church of the Ascension in Rochester and played continuo at the Eastman School with Paul O'Dette and Christel Thielmann. He graduated as a Bachelor of Music with highest distinction. He completed his further studies with William Porter (organ and improvisation) and Hank Knox (harpsichord) at the Schulich School of Music and the Department of Early Music at McGill University, where in 2011 he obtained Master in organ and harpsichord. He attended master classes with Ton Koopman, Pierre Hantaï, Skip Sempé, Kenneth Weiss, Harald Vogel and Jacques Oortmerssen. In 2012 he continued his studies with Robert Hill at the Hochschule für Musik Freiburg, Germany.
His harpsichord playing has been described in "La Libre Belgique" as "bringing the listener to new and unpredictable regions, using all of the resources of his instrument, of his virtuosity, and of his imagination [...]." In an interview with the RTBF, the public's reaction is described in the following terms: "I have heard as a reaction in the public, in regards with what you have done tonight at the Bruges competition, Mark Edwards: 'He goes straight to the point.' [...] He knows what he wants and makes it clearly heard."
In addition to his prize at the Bruges competition, Mark won third prize at the 2012 Jurow International Harpsichord Competition, and second prize in the 2011 Concours d'Orgue de Québec.
He is also a founding member of Ensemble 1729. He has appeared on American Public Media's radio program Pipedreams, as well as on La Société Radio-Canada's program Soirées classiques.

</doc>
<doc id="36792883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792883" title="Arctic Apples">
Arctic Apples

Arctic Apples are a suite of trademarked apples that contain a nonbrowning trait (when the apples are subjected to mechanical damage, such as slicing or bruising, the apple flesh remains its original color) introduced through biotechnology developed through a process of genetic engineering and precision breeding by Okanagan Specialty Fruits Inc. (OSF). Specifically, gene silencing is used to turn down the expression of polyphenol oxidase (PPO), thus preventing the fruit from browning.
Canadian & U.S. regulatory review.
Okanagan Specialty Fruits has petitioned for regulatory approval for two apple varieties in Canada from the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) and Health Canada and in the US from the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS), part of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). If approved, they would be the first genetically engineered apple brought to market in North America. In 2012, a field test application was approved to conduct a 20 acre study of the apple in the state of Washington. 

</doc>
<doc id="36792900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792900" title="Ondobe Yomunghudi">
Ondobe Yomunghudi

Ondobe yomunghudi is a village situated in Northern part of Namibia in the Ohangwena Region. The village is named after tree specie called omunghudi that was in pan nearby during its discovery, an elderly revealed. Situated on the very edge of the Owambo region (sometimes called/previously the 4 O's region). The first thing that unique about this village is the abundance of people, unlike the rest of the country. People, livestock, shebeens (bars) and markets are everywhere, seemingly all existing harmoniously in unplanned order.
It is 42.4 km, 43 minutes driving north of Oshakati, approximately 36.6 km, 39 minutes driving west of Oshikango and approximately 9 km from the Angolan-Namibia border (9 minutes driving). The village Fall under Oukwanyama Traditional Authority in Ohaingu section and it is part of the Ongenga constituency with Leonard Shimutwikeni (SWAPO) as a Councillor from 1990s
The village hosts about 4,500 inhabitants. There is one school: Wahengo Combined School (previously Okamukwa Primary Schcool) which serves most of the lower primary and junior secondary leaners. Entrepreneurs established businesses such as Open Market, bottle Stores and other minor developments like pounding machines. essential services like clinic and church services ELCIN are found at Okambebe a nearby 8 km Settlement.
Several houses in Ondobe Yomunghudi are electrified with NORED elericity and Namwater rural water and is area that was also affected by the South African War 1966 to 1989 between South Africa and Plan and later UNITA (with the Angolan government)
The village Ondobe Yomunghudi is surrounded by the neighboring villages of Oshali, Ohadiwa, Eengwena, Okambebe and Oshindobe...

</doc>
<doc id="36792918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792918" title="YoLo Frozen Yogurt">
YoLo Frozen Yogurt

YoLo Frozen Yogurt is a self-serve frozen yogurt business in Memphis, Tennessee. The business, which opened its doors in late 2010, now has nine locations in the Memphis area. Operating a per ounce basis for pricing, they offer both local (like Strawberry) as well as traditional (for example, Dark Chocolate) flavors, as well as nearly a hundred different toppings ranging from pecans and sprinkles to blueberries. The local chain is owned by Taylor Berger.
Other services.
YoLo possesses a modified Volkswagen van to offer on-location catering at local events, ranging from the grand opening of a new area at Shelby Farms to concerts at the Levitt Shell in Overton Park. The company's flagship location, in Overton Square, also includes "YoLo Bakes", a spin-off bakery that offers cupcakes, cakes, and other delicacies.

</doc>
<doc id="36792933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792933" title="Ivan Ivanovich Artobolevski">
Ivan Ivanovich Artobolevski

Ivan Artobolevsky (September 26 (October 9), 1905, Moscow, Russian Empire - 21 September 1977, Moscow, USSR ) - Soviet scientist and engineer, academician of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR, Hero of Socialist Labor.
Biography.
Born into a family priest. In 1938, his father was shot.
In 1926 he graduated from the Moscow Agricultural Academy Timiryazev. In 1927, he graduated from an external Mathematics Department of Physics and Mathematics Faculty of Moscow State University.
Since 1927, in teaching. In the years 1932-1949 - Professor of the Moscow State University, in 1941-1944 - Head of the Department of Applied Mechanics and Control, Mechanics and Mathematics Faculty of Moscow State University .
C 1937 worked at the Institute of Mechanical Engineering, Academy of Sciences of the USSR. In 1939 he was elected a corresponding member, and in 1946 a full member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR. C 1942 Professor of the Moscow Aviation Institute.
Since 1947 - Deputy Chairman of the All-Union Society "Knowledge", in 1966 - Chairman of the All-Union Society "Knowledge".
Deputy of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR 7-9-th convocation.
Honors and Awards.
He also was awarded the Order of Lenin (1954,1965,1967,1969), the Order of the Red Banner (1945), as well as medals "For the Defense of Moscow (1944)," For heroic trud.V commemorate the 100th anniversary of VI Lenin (1970), "Thirty Years of Victory in the Great Patriotic War of 1941-1945." (1975)
Scientific Activities.
Was a founder of the IFToMM - International Federation for the Promotion of Mechanism and Machine Science.
Research interests.
Theory of machines and mechanisms problems of theoretical and experimental methods for studying the dynamics of working machines.
Scientific results.
Developed a classification of spatial mechanisms and gave methods for kinematic analysis created methods of kinematic analysis of complex multi-tier mechanism (1939).

</doc>
<doc id="36792950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792950" title="Hormone replacement therapy (transgender)">
Hormone replacement therapy (transgender)

Hormone replacement therapy for transgender or gender variant individuals, also sometimes called cross-sex hormone therapy, is a form of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) in which sex hormones (namely androgens for trans men and estrogens for trans women) are administered for the purpose of bringing one's secondary sexual characteristics more in line with their gender identity. Some intersex people may also undergo HRT, either starting in childhood to confirm the gender they were assigned at birth, or later in order to change the gender they were assigned at birth.
This form of HRT is given as one of two types, based on whether the goal of treatment is feminization or masculinization: hormone replacement therapy (male-to-female) and hormone replacement therapy (female-to-male).

</doc>
<doc id="36792958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792958" title="Butch Glass">
Butch Glass

Carl Lee "Butch" Glass (February 26, 1898 – October 19, 1972) was an African-American baseball pitcher in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1923 to 1930 with several teams, playing mostly for the Memphis Red Sox .

</doc>
<doc id="36792960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792960" title="Adobe BrowserLab">
Adobe BrowserLab

Adobe BrowserLab enables cross-browser testing by producing screenshots of websites from various web browsers across different platforms (Windows and OS X are currently supported). Compare screenshots side-by-side or overlaid upon one another, and utilize diagnostic tools to help discover cross-browser differences. The service can access dynamic pages across the web, or viewed locally via Firebug or Adobe Dreamweaver CS5. BrowserLab is updated frequently to enhance the service and provide access to a fresh and relevant set of browsers.
The BrowserLab for Firebug extension allows Firebug users to preview their page (live URL, or local edited source) in BrowserLab. This workflow allows using BrowserLab with site content that is behind a firewall or other security wall.
The BrowserLab team used to blogs regularly on the Adobe BrowserLab Team Blog.
BrowserLab is shutting down on March 13, 2013
History.
In 2006, a team of Chicago-based designers and developers, Dean Vukas, Josh Hatwich, Ted Billups and Charles Stevenson conceived and invented MeerMeer, a web site testing tool for web developers and designers. The MeerMeer SaaS application and patent was sold to Adobe Systems, Inc. in December 2007 and was released worldwide under the new name, Adobe BrowserLab.
On March 13, 2013 BrowserLab was put down.

</doc>
<doc id="36792966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792966" title="J. E. Mitchell">
J. E. Mitchell

J. E. Mitchell (1876–1953) was an African-American publisher known for his newspaper, the "St. Louis Argus".
Early Years and Personal Life.
The fourth of eight children, Mitchell was born on August 1, 1876, in Coosa County, Alabama, to a farming family. As a child, he often worked in his father's sawmill. In 1898, he joined the United States Army and served with the 24th Infantry Regiment. In 1901 he married Mattie E. Thomas. In 1904, they settled in St. Louis, Missouri.
Career.
In 1906, Mitchell formed an insurance company, the Western Union Relief Association. In April 1912, Mitchell, along with his brother William, began the "St. Louis Argus". Mitchell served as publisher and managing editor and his brother served as the business manager.
Honors.
Mitchell was enshrined in the National Newspaper Publishers Association in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="36792977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36792977" title="Rhina Toruño Haensly">
Rhina Toruño Haensly

Rhina Toruño-Haensly is Professor of Spanish at the University of Texas of the Permian Basin. She is known primarily for her studies in Latin American literature of the 20th century,
Biography.
Toruño-Haensly was born Rhina Toruño on April 8 in San Salvador, El Salvador, to Nicaraguan poet Juan Felipe Toruño, and Juana Contreras de Toruño. She attended high school at Colegio Santa Inés and received her Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy from the Universidad Nacional de El Salvador in 1971. She then received a M.A., Philosophy, from the Catholic University of Louvain, Belgium in 1973, and a second M.A., this time in Latin American Literature, from the National University of Paris-Sorbonne, France in 1976. She obtained a Ph.D. in 1978 in French Contemporary Philosophy, from Louvain, with a dissertation on "Emmanuel Mounier’s Idea of Society." She received a second Ph.D, in 1994 in Latin American Literature, from Indiana University, Bloomington, Indiana
with a thesis "Tiempo, destino y opresión en la obra de Elena Garro" (Time, Destiny and Oppression in the work of Elena Garro.)
Career.
She joined the University of Texas in 1995 as Assistant Professor of Spanish, and became successively Associate Professor (1997) and Professor (2001). She is currently also Fellow in the Kathlyn Cosper Dunagan Professorship in Humanities at that University, and director of its Spanish graduate program.
She was the first woman member of the Salvadoran Academy of Language (inducted in 2005), and is a member of the Salvadoran Academy of Sciences and Arts.
Publications.
She publishes as Rhina Toruño.

</doc>
<doc id="36793001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793001" title="Jamie Richards">
Jamie Richards

Jamie Richards (born 1957) is a cyclist from New Zealand. 
At the 1976 Summer Olympics at Montreal he entered in the men's road race. 
He is a brother of cyclist Mike Richards who also competed at the 1976 Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36793002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793002" title="Jim Fenlon">
Jim Fenlon

James Shaquelle Christopher "Jim" Fenlon (born 15 March 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays for AFC Wimbledon as a Defender. 
Career.
AFC Wimbledon.
Fenlon joined AFC Wimbledon Under–16s after returning to England from Australia, where he lived for six years, playing association football for Western Australia state and Stirling Lions, a club in Perth that compete in the West State League, one stage lower than the Australian A–League. He signed his first professional contract with "The Dons" on 18 May 2012 after progressing through the youth system at AFC Wimbledon since the age of 16. The young defender's first involvement with the first team was as an unused substitute in the First Round of the League Cup against Stevenage on 14 August 2012. Fenlon made his football league debut as a 46th minute substitute for Warren Cummings in 6–2 defeat to Burton Albion on 21 August 2012. He made his first league starting appearance on 25 August 2012, but "The Dons" ultimately succumbed to a 5–1 defeat at Bradford City. He scored his first goal in professional football on 2 October 2012 in a 3–2 defeat by Oxford United.

</doc>
<doc id="36793010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793010" title="Beautiful Target">
Beautiful Target

"Beautiful Target" is a song released by the South Korean boy band B1A4. The song is the lead single from the group's second mini album "It B1A4", released on September 16, 2011. The song was re-recorded in Japanese and used as the group's debut single in Japan, released on June 27, 2012.
Composition.
The song was composed by the members CNU and Baro and composed by Urihyeong-gwa Naedongsaeng. In the mini album "It B1A4", the song is listed as the track 1.
Promotions.
The group started promoting the song in September 16, 2011 on KBS' "Music Bank". It was also promoted on the shows "Show! Music Core", "Inkigayo", "M! Countdown" and "MTV The Show". The promotions of the song ended in November 2011 on SBS' "Inkigayo" and followed by the song "My Love". The song "Chu Chu Chu", from "It B1A4", was used as an intro for the comeback week performances.
Music video.
A teaser of the music video was released in September 9, 2011. The full video was released one week after, on September 16, 2011, along with the EP digital release. Another version of the music video, called "Zoom Zoom" version, was released in October 7, 2011.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at the position number 86 in Gaon's Weekly singles chart, on the week of September 25, with 4,030,414 points. On the following week the song climbed nineteen positions and charted at number 67, which is the current peak of the song.
Japanese version.
Almost one year after its original release, the group's agency, WM Entertainment announced that the song was re-recorded in Japanese and will be used as their debut single in Japan. The single was released in June 27, 2012 in three different editions: CD+DVD, CD+Goods and a Regular edition.
Composition.
The song was originally written by the members CNU and Baro, by Urihyeong-gwa Naedongsaeng and translated in Japanese by Shoko Fujibayashi. The b-side "Chu Chu Chu" was originally written by Song Bong-jo and Song Jae-won and translated in Japanese by MEG.ME. The song is originally in Korean and it was released on the EP "It B1A4". The song "Bling Girl", included as a bonus track of the CD+Goods edition, was originally written by the members Jinyoung and Baro and translated in Japanese by MEG.ME. The song is originally in Korean and it was released on their debut EP "Let's Fly". The song "Ready to Go", included as a bonus track of the Regular edition, is an original Japanese song written by Yuki Shirai.
Music video.
The music video of the Japanese version of the song was released on June 3, 2012, in Pony Canyon's YouTube account. Although this version has different studios and looks, the music video follows the same concept of the Korean version.

</doc>
<doc id="36793029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793029" title="Live at Leeds (disambiguation)">
Live at Leeds (disambiguation)

Live at Leeds is a 1970 live album by British rock group The Who.
Live at Leeds may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36793030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793030" title="Firoozbakht's conjecture">
Firoozbakht's conjecture

In number theory, Firoozbakht’s conjecture (or the Firoozbakht conjecture) is a conjecture about the distribution of prime numbers named after Farideh Firoozbakht, from the University of Isfahan, who stated it in 1982.
The conjecture states that formula_1 (where formula_2 is the "n"th prime) is a strictly decreasing function of "n", i.e.,
Equivalently: formula_4 see .
By using table of maximal gaps, Farideh Firzoobakht verified 
her conjecture up to 4.44.
If the conjecture is true, then the prime gap function formula_5 satisfies formula_6 This implies Cramér's conjecture in a strong form and would be consistent with Daniel Shanks conjectured asymptotic equality of record gaps, a somewhat stronger statement than Cramér's conjecture, but inconsistent with the heuristics of Granville and Pintz which suggest that formula_7 infinitely often for any formula_8
Firoozbakht’s conjecture can be verified for all primes below 4.

</doc>
<doc id="36793059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793059" title="West and East Mitten Buttes">
West and East Mitten Buttes

East and West Mitten Buttes are two distinctive geological features found within Monument Valley in northeast Navajo County, Arizona. The two buttes are about 0.6 mile from the Arizona–Utah state line and West Mitten Butte is northeast of the park headquarters. The summit of West Mitten Butte is in elevation and East Mitten Butte is . The two form a triangle with Merrick's Butte about 2/3 of a mile to the south.
The buttes are made of three principal rock layers. The lowest layer is Organ Rock Shale, the middle is de Chelly Sandstone, and the top layer is the Moenkopi Formation capped by Shinarump Conglomerate. The buttes are also part of the Monument Valley Navajo Tribal Park.

</doc>
<doc id="36793077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793077" title="Garry Bell">
Garry Bell

 
 
Garry Bell (born 1952) is a cyclist from New Zealand. 
At the 1974 British Commonwealth Games road race in Christchurch, he came 5th. 
At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, he came 15th in the men's road race. 
At the 1978 Commonwealth Games road race in Edmonton, he came 3rd, receiving a bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36793089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793089" title="Battle of Nsukka">
Battle of Nsukka

The Operation UNICORD (July 6-July 14, 1967) was an offensive launched by the Nigerian Army at the beginning of the Nigerian Civil War. It involved to pincer movements towards Nnsuka and Ogoja..
Background.
When Nigeria became an independent state in October 1960 the newly formed government consisted mainly of northern politician from the Hausa-Fulani ethnic group. Early on the Nigerian government became corrupt with various politicians swindling public funds and rigging votes. By 1965 the Nigerian government became so corrupt that uprisings against the government sprang up all across Nigeria with various politicians attempting to gain more power. This resulted in rioting and mass arrests in the cities of Lagos and Ibadan. The politician Obafemi Awolowo was falsely blamed for causing the riots and was sentenced to 10 years in a Nigerian prison. All of the chaos that occurred in the political ralm gave was to the 1966 Nigerian coup d'etat in which 11 senior politicians were killed by mainly Igbo soldiers led by the Army Major Chukwuma Nzeogwu. The Nigerian Prime Minister Abubakar Balewa was one of the 11 politicians assassinated during the coup of January 15. Nzeogwu's soldiers were forced to retreat to Kaduna after General Johnson Aguiyi-Ironsi was able to assemble a force of soldiers in Lagos to combat the rebellious soldiers. Ironsi was made President of Nigeria on January 16, 1966 and became the first Igbo president in Nigerian history. many northern generals and politicians were angry at Ironsi for two reasons, because he did not execute Major Nzeogwu and because he was giving more and more political power to southern politicians. On July 29, 1966 Ironsi was assassinated by a mutinous soldiers under the command of Lt Col Murtala Mohammed and installed Colonel Yakubu Gowon as Head of State. The counter-coup resulted in the 1966 anti-Igbo pogrom and caused the brutal massacre of 50,000 Igbo civilians living in various northern cities such as Kano and Kaduna. These massacres angered many Igbo civilians and a call for secession was given by Colonel Odumegwu Ojukwu. Ojukwu met with President Gowon in Aburi, Ghana in December 1966 to discuss the situation that was occurring in Nigeria. A vote was held in May 1967 in the Eastern Region of Nigeria that was to see how many easterners supported a secession. The vote resulted in 68% of easterners approving of a secession of a secular Igbo state. On May 30, 1967 Ojukwu officially seceded the Eastern Region and proclaimed the new Republic of Biafra. Ojukwu managed to assemble a 3,000 man guerrilla force to defend Biafra's front lines. In early July 1967 Nigerian President Gowon ordered General Olusegun Obasanjo to regain control of the Eastern Region.
Battle.
On July 6, 1967, the First Area Command under Lieutenant Colonel Mohammed Shuwa made their way from Makurdi to the Biafran border. The Second Brigade under Major Martin Adamu was tasked with capturing Ogoja via Garkem and Obudu while the First Brigade under Major Sule Apollo was to capture Nnsuka via Ogugu and Oguruku. Follwing the capture of Garkem and Ogugu, the advance was stalled and resumed intermittently. Obasanjo managed to get within the cities boundaries but was held back by Nzeogwu's 500 man regiment. For 3 days straight Nzeogwu and Obasanjo fought a bloody non-stop battle that cost both sides many lives. On July 10 Obasanjo's men managed to break through Biafran lines and began getting closer and closer to the city center. On July 13 Obasanjo reached the city center and caused the Biafrans to retreat into buildings within the city. Obasanjo's soldiers began massacring any person whom they suspected of being a Biafran soldier. Within 24 hours Obasanjo managed to drive all Biafran soldiers away and kill any who were caught.
Aftermath.
16 days after the Biafrans retreated Nzeogwu attempted to regain control of Nsukka on July 30 but was killed by Nigerian soldiers while driving down a road. Obasanjo was successful in his conquest of Nsukka but did not enter any further into Biafran territory but instead was put aside after the Biafran Generals Albert Okonkwo and Victor Banjo invaded Nigeria's Mid-Western Region. Murtala Mohammed was put in charge of fending off all Biafran soldiers within Nigeria's boundaries. Victor Banjo got within 135 miles of the Nigerian Capital Lagos before he was intercepted by Mohammed's men. After over a month of bloody fighting the Biafrans retreated to Onitsha and released their hold over the Mid-Western Region. With the Midwest Invasion over the Nigerians returned to Nsukka and began planning an invasion of the Biafran Capital Enugu. Due to Nsukka's proximity to Enugu it was a strategic stronghold. Olusegun Obasanjo invaded the area around Enugu in mid September 1967. Obasanjo knew that Enugu would not fall easily if he attacked it head on so he decided to surround the city and begin a siege. On September 30 Obasanjo was able to break through the Biafran defensive lines around Enugu and entered the city. After 6 days of bloody fighting the Biafrans fled south to Umuahia.

</doc>
<doc id="36793092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793092" title="2012 Rose of Tralee">
2012 Rose of Tralee

The 2012 Rose of Tralee was the 53rd edition of the annual Irish international festival, held on 20–21 August 2012 at the Festival Dome, in Tralee, County Kerry. Dáithí Ó Sé returned as host for the third time,just a matter of weeks after marrying the 2008 New Jersey Rose, Rita Talty. 32 contestants participated in the 2012 pageant, with Nicola McEvoy, representing Luxembourg, ultimately crowned the winner. Going into the show, the Dublin and Mayo Roses were tipped as the favourites to win with McEvoy not far behind them. The background music for the event was composed by the Garda Síochána Orchestra.
The judges for the 2012 Rose of Tralee were; RTÉ's Mary Kennedy, Michael Kearney, CAO of The Carlton Hotel Group, Denise Murphy O'Sullivan, the 1991 Rose of Tralee, Paul Neeson, Retail Director of Dublin Airport Authority, Jan Dowling, Motivation Weight Management and Tom Curran, Kerry County manager. 
Ireland and Munster rugby player Ronan O'Gara was present on the final night and presented the winning Rose with her sash and tiara. Irish band The Coronas also performed their song "Addicted to Progress" during the show. 
2012 was the first year that the Denver Rose and the Tyrone Rose made it onto the televised Rose Selection. 
Broadcasting.
The 2012 Rose of Tralee was broadcast live on RTÉ One and it was also streamed live on the RTÉ website for viewers all over the globe. The show received an audience share of 45%, the first time the audience share has dipped below 50% since 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="36793127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793127" title="Gerard Flaitel">
Gerard Flaitel

Gerard Flaitel († ) was a Norman knight and a " ' most powerful lord in Normandy at the time of the Richards' " according to Orderic Vitalis.
Life.
Gerard was a Norman baron with substantial estates in the Pays de Caux, the Hiemois, the Evrecin and Risle valley. He was a vassal of William of Talou in Arques.
In 1035, when Robert I, Duke of Normandy left on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem, Gerard Flaitel was one of his companions. In the spring of 1035 the group left Normandy probably taking the favored route through the Danube river basin to Constantinople. Duke Robert obtained permission for him and his retinue to continue on to Muslim-controlled Jerusalem. In Turkey Robert paid the required "mussella" (pilgrim tax). They arrived in time to spend Holy Week in Jerusalem. On their return through Asia Minor, Duke Robert fell ill while they were in Nicaea, and died there about 2 July. As he lay dying Gerard was asked to take possession of a Holy relic Robert acquired in Jerusalem, reputedly a finger-bone of Saint Stephen, and to make a gift of it to the abbey or monastery of his choosing. Gerard returned to Normandy and became a monk at the Abbey of St. Wandrille taking the relic with him. He died after 1047.
Family.
While the name of his wife (or wives) is not known Gerard Flaitel had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="36793130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793130" title="Life imprisonment in Israel">
Life imprisonment in Israel

Life imprisonment in Israel is legal and the most severe punishment available under Israeli law during peacetime. 
Overview.
During wartime, the death penalty is applicable for certain crimes in Israel. Life imprisonment is mandatory in all cases of murder, except in certain circumstances when the sentence is sometimes reduced. Life imprisonment is also used in cases of terrorism, as well as kidnapping and attempted murder. Israeli law also allows life sentences for juveniles under age 18 if convicted of murder. Israel is one of the few countries that allows this.
As a matter of tradition, the President reduces almost all life sentences to a determinate sentence, usually within the range of 20-30 years, with the possibility of parole after one-third of that sentence is served.
References.
http://www.worldbulletin.net/?aType=haber&ArticleID=91998

</doc>
<doc id="36793136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793136" title="The Muppets Go Hollywood">
The Muppets Go Hollywood

The Muppets Go Hollywood is a one-hour special that aired on CBS. It was used to promote "The Muppet Movie".
Plot.
Kermit the Frog throws a glamorous party at the Cocoanut Grove night club to celebrate the release of "The Muppet Movie". Among the highlights of this special are:
Following the musical number, Kermit the Frog and the rest of the Muppets clean up the Cocoanut Grove upon Kermit stating that they can save money by cleaning it up themselves.
Notes.
Later syndicated alongside "The Muppet Show".
Cast.
Muppet Performers.
Additional Muppets performed by Steve Whitmire and Kathryn Mullen
Special Guest Appearances.
The following celebrities appeared at the party:

</doc>
<doc id="36793143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793143" title="Merrick's Butte">
Merrick's Butte

Merrick's Butte or Merrick Butte is a butte located in Monument Valley in extreme northeast Navajo County, Arizona. It is located east of the monument headquarters and south of the Arizona–Utah state line. It is part of the Monument Valley Najavo Tribal Park and is similar to its neighbors West and East Mitten Buttes just to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="36793144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793144" title="Tryonicidae">
Tryonicidae

Tryonicidae is a family of cockroaches.
Biodiversity and distribution.
Table 1: Number of species of Tryonicidae in each region in which it is present (A=adventive, E=endemic, I=indigenous)

</doc>
<doc id="36793177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793177" title="The Moonshine Feud">
The Moonshine Feud

The Moonshine Feud is a 1920 silent film western short starring Texas Guinan. It is a lost film.

</doc>
<doc id="36793178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793178" title="Miloševo">
Miloševo

Miloševo (meaning "belonging to Miloš") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36793202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793202" title="Papaschase">
Papaschase

The Papaschase are a group of Cree people descended from Chief Papaschase's Band of the 19th century, who were a party to Treaty 6 with Canada. A modern-day group of people claims to be the rightful heirs of this historical band, but the Canadian government refuses to recognize them.
Historical Papaschase.
The Papaschase signed Treaty 6 on August 21, 1877, and were given a reserve within much of what later became southeast Edmonton, Alberta including all of Mill Woods. The reserve was abandoned sometime around 1891 when the Canadian Pacific Railway's Calgary to Edmonton branch arrived in the nearby Town of Strathcona. The reserve is now bound on the north by 51 Avenue, on the west by 119 Street, on the south by 30 Avenue SW, and on the east by 17 Street NW. The former reserve was incrementally absorbed in its entirety by the City of Edmonton over a series of seven annexations between December 30, 1959 and January 1, 1982.
Modern Papaschase.
A group representing the Papaschase held a partial blockade and information picket on the Queen Elizabeth II portion of Alberta Highway 2 – Alberta's busiest highway – on January 16, 2013 as part of the wider Idle No More movement.

</doc>
<doc id="36793270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793270" title="Kronprinzenpalais">
Kronprinzenpalais

The Kronprinzenpalais (Crown Prince's Palace) is a landmark late classical-style building at one end of Unter den Linden in Berlin. It was a palace of the ruling Hohenzollern house of Prussia until the abolition of the monarchy at the end of World War I. It then became an annexe of the Berlin National Gallery, housing a preeminent collection of modern art. It was closed by the Nazis and the building was destroyed in World War II. It was rebuilt in 1968 and used by East Germany as a guest house for official visitors to their capital of East Berlin. Since German reunification it has been used for exhibitions and cultural events.
Earliest uses.
Johann Arnold Nering created the building in 1663–69 as the private residence of Cabinet Secretary Johann Martitz, converting an existing middle-class house. From 1706 to 1732, it was the official residence of the Governor of Berlin.
Remodelling and use as a royal palace.
In 1732, Philipp Gerlach remodelled the building in baroque style with a protruding central bay and a carriage drive rising to the front entrance, to serve as a residence for the Crown Prince, the future King Frederick II. He and his wife Elisabeth Christine stayed there only intermittently before his accession to the throne in 1740, after which he took up residence in part of the royal palace. He gave the Kronprinzenpalais to his brother Augustus William; after Augustus William's death in 1758, his widow continued to use it until 1780.
The building was then renovated and refurnished in an impressive classical style (with furniture from Prussia rather than France) and became the residence of Crown Prince Frederick William (the future Frederick William III) and his wife Louise, who lived there with their children and Countess Voss, who had an apartment near the entrance. They remained there after he became king. Johann Gottfried Schadow created his double statue of Crown Princess Louise and her sister Frederica, the "Prinzessinnengruppe", in the palace in 1795–97. The future Emperor William I was born there on 22 March 1797. In the early 19th century, Karl Friedrich Schinkel renovated several rooms in the palace; he also designed an extension over the Oberwallstraße connecting the palace to the "Kronprinzessinnenpalais" (Crown Princesses' Palace), where the king's three daughters were living; this was built in 1811 by Heinrich Gentz in association with his remodelling of the exterior of the Prinzessinenpalais. After Louise's early death, Frederick William maintained a family shrine to her in the palace. The main building was known as the "Königliches Palais" (Royal Palace) until 1840; after 1840, when the king died, it was known as the former Royal Palace, and was not used by any members of the royal family; during the reign of Frederick William IV, it housed court officials, and Rudolf Lepke, who founded a major auction house, grew up there.
In 1856–57, Johann Heinrich Strack extensively rebuilt the palace for William I's son, Prince Frederick William (the future Kaiser Frederick III), giving it substantially its present appearance. Strack replaced the mansard roof with a third storey with Corinthian pillars, and added neo-classical details to the façade, whose columns he changed from Tuscan to Corinthian. The four statues above the entrance remained, but he added a tall columned portico surmounted by a balcony. He also built a setback addition on the east side of the building, with a colonnade on its Unter den Linden and Niederlagstraße sides. After 1861, when Frederick William's father acceded to the throne and he became Crown Prince, the building was once again known as the Kronprinzenpalais; he resided there with his wife Princess Victoria, daughter of England's Queen Victoria.
Their eldest son, who would be the last German Emperor as William II, was born in the palace on 27 January 1859. Princess Victoria welcomed artists and scholars to the palace, including Heinrich von Angeli, Anton von Werner and Adolph von Menzel. However, after Frederick III's death in 1888 following a 99-day reign, she was usually at her new residence, Schloß Friedrichshof, and the palace was rarely used. Beginning in 1905, it was used as a winter residence by William II's heir, Crown Prince William, and his wife Crown Princess Cecilie. During the November revolution in Berlin in 1918, revolutionary leaders addressed the crowd from the entrance ramp of the palace.
Modern annexe of the National Gallery.
After the dissolution of the monarchy, the palace became a possession of the State of Prussia, which gave it to the National Gallery in 1919 to house its drawing collection. The director, Ludwig Justi, used this annexe to the existing building (now known as the Alte Nationalgalerie) to house a new department devoted to living artists, the "Galerie der Lebenden", something which he had proposed the previous year and which contemporary artists themselves had been demanding, This opened on 4 August 1919 with approximately 150 paintings and sculptures including naturalistic and French Impressionist works, a sculpture by Rodin (in a room retaining the old palace décor, which also featured paintings by Cézanne, Van Gogh, and Manet), works representing both the establishment "Verein Berliner Künstler" and the Berlin Secession, and on the top floor in a temporary display, works by members of Die Brücke and other Expressionists. This was the first state promotion in Germany of Expressionist works, which were unpopular with large numbers of the public. The gallery was a pioneer of the museum of contemporary art; in the judgement of the assistant director of the National Gallery at the time, the collection was superior to that of all other German galleries then collecting modern art. It served as a model for later institutions, notably the Museum of Modern Art in New York, which opened two years after its first director, Alfred H. Barr, Jr., visited the Kronprinzenpalais in 1927. On the other hand, the art critic Karl Scheffler, who favoured Impressionism and disliked Expressionism, attacked Justi for opening the contemporary art gallery, publishing a book in 1921 with the title "Berliner Museumskrieg" (Berlin Museum War).
After the Nazis came to power in 1933, there was an initial period of tolerance of modern art, but then Hitler ordered the galleries to be "cleansed" of it, in particular the Kronprinzenpalais. In May 1936, works from the Ismar Littmann collection of Expressionist art which had been confiscated by the Gestapo from a Berlin auction house were burnt in the furnace. Eberhard Hanfstaengl, the then director of the National Gallery, was ordered to set aside only a few "historically valuable" works and saved five paintings and ten drawings. The Expressionist gallery was closed in October 1936, after the Berlin Olympics had ended, as a "hotbed of cultural Bolshevism". 
In the 1937 Nazi operation against "Entartete Kunst" (degenerate art), the National Gallery lost a total of 435 works. The Kronprinzenpalais contributed far more works than any other institution to the exhibition by that name which opened in Munich on 19 July. The majority of the Expressionist works were officially labelled "Verfallskunst" (art of decay) the same month. National Gallery Director Justi had been forced out in the 1933 purge of ideologically suspect academics and civil servants; his successor, Alois Schardt, was forced to resign after Bernhard Rust, the Nazi Minister of Education for Prussia, who had responsibility for museums, visited the modern art gallery; he was in turn succeeded by Hanfstaengl, who was also forced to resign after refusing to meet with Adolf Ziegler and his commission charged with identifying and removing the "degenerate" artworks. The commission made two "cleansing" visits to the Kronprinzenpalais: on 7 July before the exhibition opened and again in August. Some members of the commission were at first reluctant to purge the works of August Macke and Franz Marc, both of whom had died fighting in the First World War; they were ultimately also removed, but works by Marc including "Tower of the Blue Horses" were removed from the "Entartete Kunst" exhibition before it moved from Munich to Berlin. The National Gallery was compensated RM 150,000 for "The Garden of Daubigny" by Van Gogh and RM 15,000 for four paintings by Paul Signac and Edvard Munch by Göring, who took a group of 13 modern paintings to offer them privately for sale through an art dealer he knew, and roughly one sixth of its total loss of over RM 1 million after the official auctions of "degenerate art" in Switzerland.
Later in 1937, the building became the seat of the Prussian Academy of Arts, whose building in Pariser Platz had been requisitioned by Albert Speer's office. The Director of the Schauspielhaus theatre in the Gendarmenmarkt, Gustav Gründgens, also temporarily had his office in the building.
In March 1945, the Kronprinzenpalais was gutted in an Allied bomb attack. Until 1958, a ballet school used a remaining rear section, but the site was entirely cleared in 1961.
Reconstruction and postwar uses.
In 1968–69, to complete the restoration of the south side of Unter den Linden and make a suitable visual transition to the newly completed Foreign Ministry skyscraper (since demolished) and the rest of the East German government district immediately to the east, the Kronprinzenpalais was rebuilt with approximately the same exterior appearance as after Strack's work by Richard Paulick, a former associate of Walter Gropius who had already rebuilt the Kronprinzessinnenpalais and the State Opera, and Werner Prendel. (Paulick had originally intended to rebuild it as it had been in 1733, for use as a modern museum, music school, or performance space, but conceptions of the role of the area changed in the 1960s.) However, the top floor was extended to include the east wing to improve the building's proportions, and the interior (1968–70) was modern. As the "Palais Unter den Linden", it was used as a guest house by the Magistrat, the governing executive of East Berlin. The Unification Agreement was signed there on 31 August 1990, after which the Senate of Berlin took possession of the building.
The garden, which extends from Oberwallstraße to Niederlagstraße and has underground parking garages under part of it, was newly laid out in 1969–70 by W. Hinkefuß and descends in terraces to a central lawn, and then rises again in further terraces to a restaurant called the Schinkelklause, which incorporates pieces of terracotta and an entrance from Schinkel's Bauakademie, which was partially destroyed in World War II and demolished around 1960. The sculptures in the garden are by Senta Baldamus, Gerhard Thierse and Gerhard Lichtenfelds.
From 1998 to 2003, the Kronprinzenpalais was used as temporary exhibit space by the Deutsches Historisches Museum while its primary building, the Zeughaus across the street, was under renovation. It continues to be used for exhibitions and other cultural events. For example, in 2005 it housed an exhibition on Albert Einstein, and in spring 2006 Joshua Sobol's polydrama "Alma", on Alma Mahler, played scenes simultaneously in various rooms, which required temporarily reconstructing the historical appearance of the interior. In 2006 the building housed "Erzwungene Wege—Flucht und Vertreibung im Europa des 20. Jahrhunderts", a controversial exhibition on expulsions of Germans in 20th-century Europe organised by the Federation of Expellees, and in March–June 2012 it housed a three-part exhibition dealing more broadly with forced exile and including "Erzwungene Wege" as one of its components. The building is a Berlin historic landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="36793275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793275" title="Why (Mary J. Blige song)">
Why (Mary J. Blige song)

"Why" is a song performed by American recording artist Mary J. Blige, from her tenth studio album, "My Life II... The Journey Continues (Act 1)" (2011). It was written by Blige along with Dave Young, Eric Hudson, and William Roberts II, with Hudson producing the song and Rick Ross having featured vocals. A soulful R&B song that makes use of hip hop soul and quiet storm influences and a beat-heavy, strings–led production, the song initially impacted on US radios on April 10, 2012 as the album's third single. 
Music video.
The song's accompanying music video was directed by Colin Tilley and debuted on May 9, 2012. In the video, Blige finds herself up late worrying about a troubled relationship. It begins a dimly lit bedroom where she sings next to her sleeping lover. Moving on, she hits an extravagant lounge. There, Rick Ross is surrounded by women with a drink in one hand and an expensive cigar in the other. Blige joins Rick Ross for a final performance at the lounge. The two, both dressed in white, complement each other as they perform under an chandelier. The video ends with a final toast and falling confetti.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "My Life II... The Journey Continues (Act 1)".

</doc>
<doc id="36793288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793288" title="Don't Mind">
Don't Mind

"Don't Mind" is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige, from her tenth studio album, "My Life II... The Journey Continues (Act 1)" (2011). It was written by Blige along with Priscilla Renea and Jerry Duplessis, while production helmed by the latter. The song was released as the album's fourth and final single on June 19, 2012 in the United States, where it reached number 35 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs chart.
Background.
"Don't Mind" was written by Blige, Priscilla Renea and Jerry Duplessis. Production on the track was also handled by Duplessis under his pseudonym Wonda. Blige's vocals were recorded by Serge "Sergical" Tsai, while Jaycen Joshua mixed the track.
An alternate version, "The Crispy Chicken Song", was featured in Blige's ad for Burger King over which the she sings the praises of the Crispy Chicken Snack Wrap. The commercial drew a backlash from fans, who complained that the content was playing into African-American stereotypes, and the fast-food chain quickly pulled the commercial, citing music licensing issues. Blige responded by claiming the final version that was shown on TV was not what she signed up for, stating that she "would never just bust out singing about chicken and chicken wings," adding: "It hurt my feelings and crushed me for two days." The fast food restaurant chain soon after issued a public apologize to Blige and later pulled the ad.
Music video.
The music video for "Don't Mind" was directed by Colin Tilley. It features Blige dressed in a black cat suit singing about how she doesn’t mind telling her man she loves him. Singing straight to camera, she is seen performing in front of a graffiti laced wall.
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "My Life II... The Journey Continues (Act 1)".

</doc>
<doc id="36793290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793290" title="Container deposit legislation in Australia">
Container deposit legislation in Australia

__NOTOC__
Container deposit legislation (CDL) is in place in the Australian state of South Australia and the Northern Territory, and was used in the state of Victoria but has since been rescinded. Attempts to introduce similar legislation in other states have been unsuccessful to date. Some contentious research with a small sample size has found a majority in favour of the scheme, and a national scheme has also been proposed. The value of deposits and the scope of their application have been influenced by the Australian federal constitution's guarantee of free trade between the states. The defining case in this issue was the attempt to introduce a differential between reusable and recyclable bottle deposits. The issue was taken to the High Court of Australia in the Castlemaine Tooheys Ltd v South Australia court case.
CDL by state.
South Australia.
CDL in South Australia was put in place under the Beverage Container Act 1975 (SA) and came into operation in 1977. Environment Protection Act 1993 (SA) now governs the levying and refund of deposits.
There is a refund of 10 cents per can or bottle (raised from 5 cents in late 2008). In the 1970s deposits ranged from 20c for a 30 oz bottle and 10c for a 10 oz and 6½ oz bottle. With the introduction of plastic and non re-usable bottles the deposit was reduced to 5c (including aluminium cans). This amount remained unchanged for around thirty years.
Around 600 people are employed in the recovery of bottles in South Australia. Groups such as the Scouts operate container refund depots. While there are professional collectors who collect on an arranged basis from particular venues (e.g. pubs and restaurants), usually operating small trucks for the job, there are also many socially marginalised collectors who forage in refuse bins etc. for discarded deposit bottles; these collectors often travel by bicycle, sometimes with relatively elaborate and inventive modifications to allow them to carry the bulky loads of bottles they find.
Northern Territory.
The Northern Territory introduced a container deposit scheme similar to South Australia's from 3 January 2012. This was challenged in the Federal Court by Coca-Cola Amatil, Schweppes Australia and Lion Pty Ltd and ceased on the 4th of March 2013. Immediately after the Federal Court loss, the NT government stepped in to personally keep the scheme going until such time as a permanent exemption to the Mutual Recognition Act could be secured. On the 7th of August 2013 the Federal Executive Council (ExCo) ratified the permanent exemption making the NT container deposit scheme permanent.
Victoria.
The state of Victoria once had a CDL scheme, but it was rescinded.
In 2009 the Victorian Greens introduced a bill for a 10c deposit scheme and it was passed in the upper house but the government quashed the bill in the lower house, allegedly on constitutional grounds, by refusing to allow it to be debated. Despite supporting the Greens' bill when in opposition, when it later became the government the Coalition decided it would not back a bottle refund scheme. Instead, it said it would support a national scheme if one was created.

</doc>
<doc id="36793291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793291" title="Face Off (season 3)">
Face Off (season 3)

The third season of the Syfy reality television series Face Off premiered on August 21, 2012 and ended October 31, 2012. The season featured twelve prosthetic makeup artists competing against each other to create makeup effects. In the finale, they were voted on by the public in a live broadcast on Halloween. The grand prize for the third season was a position as a guest lecturer at the Make Up for Ever Academies in New York and Paris, a 2012 Toyota Prius v, and .
It was won by Nicole Chilelli of Sacramento, California, who holds two Face Off records for being the first female to win and the first and only contestant to be eliminated and come back in the same season (then win).
Production.
Season 1 and 2 judge Patrick Tatopoulos stepped down from his position after the first episode in order to work on "", but later returned as a guest judge for the foundation challenge in episode 7 and in the final two episodes of the season. He is replaced by concept designer Neville Page, who has previously worked on "Avatar" as lead creature designer, "Prometheus" as character designer and "Star Trek" as lead creature and character designer. Ve Neill and Glenn Hetrick remain as judges, with McKenzie Westmore remaining as the show's host. A pair of fraternal twins will compete against each other this season.
Guests that appeared this season include Sean Astin, Brian Grazer, Kevin Smith, Gale Anne Hurd, Matthew Wood, Paul W. S. Anderson, Laila Ali and Barney Burman.
Episodes.
Episode 12: "Live Finale".
A live reunion of the contestants with a review of the current season and preview of the next before the winner of "Face Off" as voted by the fans is announced. Judge Ve Neil made an appearance via satellite in a pre-recorded message to the final three by wishing them good luck as she is busy working on "". After winning the season, Nicole is the first Face Off winner to have been eliminated, come back, and win.

</doc>
<doc id="36793302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793302" title="Norman J. Levy">
Norman J. Levy

Norman J. Levy (January 24, 1931 – February 7, 1998) was an American Republican lawyer and politician. He served in the New York State Senate for 27 years where he was the sponsor of the first legislation in the United States mandating seat belt usage.
Life.
Born in Rockville Centre, New York, Levy graduated from Bucknell University in 1952. He then served in the United States Army. Levy then went to Brooklyn Law School, where he received his law degree in 1958. He was then admitted to the New York bar. Levy practiced law and was appointed an assistant district attorney of Nassau County, New York in 1959. In 1962, Levy became the chief of the Nassau County Rackets Bureau that prosecuted organized crime. He served in the New York State Senate from 1971 until 1998. Levy was chairman of the Senate Transportation Committee. In that capacity, he helped to secure state funding for projects related to Long Island's parkways and the Long Island Railroad.
Levy sponsored New York's mandatory seatbelt law which was the first one in the United States. He also sponsored zero tolerance legislation that prohibited drivers under the age of 21 from operating a motor vehicle after consuming any amount of alcohol. In June 1997, Levy had emergency brain surgery. He died in Albany, New York, of a complications from a brain tumor.
Legacy.
In August 1998, signs were installed along the Meadowbrook State Parkway dedicating the road in honor of Levy for his role in sponsoring seat belt legislation. The new signs were unveiled in a ceremony in the median of the parkway just south of Merrick Road. Dignitaries at the honoring ceremony including then-Governor George Pataki, Senator Charles Fuschillo and Levy's widow, Joy Levy. Signs were erected at both ends of the Meadowbrook Parkway and at a point near the Babylon Turnpike interchange.

</doc>
<doc id="36793332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793332" title="Marcos García">
Marcos García

Marcos García Fernández (born 4 December 1986) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer who rides for UCI Professional Continental Team .
Born in San Martín de Valdeiglesias, García has competed as a professional since the start of the 2009 season, riding as a member of the and KTM-Murcia squads before joining for the 2012 season. He has competed in three Grand Tours; two Vuelta a Españas and a Giro d'Italia. On the fourth stage of the 2012 Vuelta a España, he put on a great performance by finishing fourth of the mountain stage, taking first place of his group. He exulted on the finish line, throwing kisses to the crowd; he thought he had won, but he had not, as three escapees had crossed the line before him.

</doc>
<doc id="36793369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793369" title="Papal Concert of Reconciliation">
Papal Concert of Reconciliation

The Papal Concert of Reconciliation was an historic musical event in the pontificate of Pope John Paul II. The concert took place in the Paul VI Auditorium at the Vatican on January 17, 2004, in the presence of the Pontiff, Rav Elio Toaff, the Emeritus Chief Rabbi of Rome, and Abdulawahab Hussein Gomaa, the Imam of the Mosque of Rome, and an audience of 7,000 invited guests. The concert also followed the first visit to the Vatican of Israel's two chief rabbis, both of whom attended the concert. It was conceived, created, and conducted by Sir Gilbert Levine, whose previous musical collaborations with the Pope, including the Papal Concert to Commemorate the Shoah in 1994 with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and the Concert for the Pope's 80th Birthday in 2000 with the Philharmonia Orchestra, among others, had earned him the sobriquet "The Pope's Maestro." In realizing the concert, Levine sought to fulfill the Pontiff's wish to reach out to the followers of the Abrahamic faiths (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam), as part of the celebrations dedicated to the 25th anniversary of his pontificate. 
The concert was webcast and broadcast on PBS and internationally, as well as released on DVD. It brought together performers from across the globe, including the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, which became the first American orchestra to perform at the Vatican for a Pope, the London Philharmonic Choir, the Krakow Philharmonic Choir, the Ankara State Polyphonic Choir, and members of the Mendelssohn Choir of Pittsburgh, as well as vocal soloists Ruth Ziesak and Birgit Remmert, both from Germany. 
The Pittsburgh Symphony, which Levine selected for the occasion, has described the Papal Concert of Reconciliation as an “unprecedented opportunity which remains one of the most significant events in the PSO’s history." The concert also marked that orchestra’s first known appearance on PBS after an absence of more than 20 years, dating back to the “Previn and the Pittsburgh” PBS series, which ran from 1977-1980. 
In an effort to sustain the extraordinary level of enthusiasm shown by Pittsburgh natives for the Vatican performance, the Pittsburgh Symphony, at Levine's initiative, subsequently developed a concert series called "Music for the Spirit." Levine conducted the first three of these, which included a performance of the Verdi Requiem in Heinz Hall, the Haydn "Creation" to celebrate the centenary of St. Paul's Cathedral, and a performance of Gustav Mahler's Symphony No. 3, also in Heinz Hall. The Pittsburgh Symphony has continued the series in subsequent years.
Program.
The Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, with the support of the Knights of Columbus, commissioned American composer John Harbison, winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Music, to write a sacred motet “Abraham," for double chorus and brass, which received its world premiere at this concert. The major work on the program was Mahler's Symphony No. 2, “Resurrection."
Harbison dedicated the work "to His Holiness Pope John Paul II in honor of his pontificate-long dedication to fostering reconciliation of the people of Abraham -- Jews, Christians, and Muslims -- and with deep gratitude to Maestro Sir Gilbert Levine, KCSG, for his 15-year long creative collaboration with His Holiness, which led to the great honor of this commission." The text of the piece, taken from Genesis 17 reads: "And when Abraham was ninety years old and nine, the Lord appeared to Abraham and said unto him, 'I am the Almighty God; walk before me, and be thou perfect...and thou shalt be a father of many nations.'"
As the Pittsburgh Catholic reported, "Levine selected the Mahler piece because it focuses on the soul’s path to resurrection. The pope agreed, because of its theme of 'where the soul is reaching to everlasting life, an idea common to all three religions.' Levine and the Vatican also considered the symphony particularly appropriate because of the first movement's "special meaning for the pope," stemming from its likely connection to the Polish poet Adam Mickiewicz's epic 'Funeral Rites,' which "resonated with John Paul not only generally as the first Polish pope, but also personally, because as a young, aspiring actor, the future pope acted in a Mickiewicz play and memorized his poetry." Following the finale of the symphony, the Pope requested an encore—an unprecedented act for a papal concert. Because Vatican protocol then restricted all concerts to a duration of 72 minutes, only movements 1, 4, and 5 of the Mahler were performed.

</doc>
<doc id="36793375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793375" title="Alexander Naddour">
Alexander Naddour

Alexander Naddour (born March 4, 1991) is an American artistic gymnast. He was part of the bronze medal team at the 2011 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.
Naddour was born on March 4, 1991 to Mike and Sandy Naddour in Gilbert, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="36793399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793399" title="Latifa Labida">
Latifa Labida

Latifa Labida ( – born 1953, Ouazzane) is a Moroccan politician. Between 2007 and 2012, she was Secretary of State for Education in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi.
Latifa Labida started her career as a schoolteacher in Rabat's primary schools between 1973 and 1977, then in secondary schools between 1977 and 1985, when she changed career joining the ministry of Finance in Rabat as a "finance inspector"

</doc>
<doc id="36793536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793536" title="Ratanak International">
Ratanak International

Ratanak International (previously The Ratanak Foundation) is a Christian charity founded by Brian McConaghy in 1989 that works exclusively in Cambodia helping the country rebuild after decades of revolution, civil war and genocide. Ratanak, which means 'precious gem' in Khmer, was an 11-month-old Cambodian baby that Brian McConaghy watched die as a result of a basic lack of medicine in a documentary he was shown in 1989. Since 1990 Ratanak has been working in Cambodia to help prevent such needless deaths. To help rebuild Cambodian society which the Khmer Rouge effectively dismantled in the 1970s, Ratanak has partnered on projects that have built schools, clinics and hospitals, opened orphanages, provided shelters for the elderly and AIDS victims, and initiated emergency programs in response to natural and man made disasters. In 2004, these projects plus many more continued, but the work of Ratanak also took on a whole new dimension as it begin partnering on projects that rescue, rehabilitate and reintegrate children sold into sexual slavery. 
Ratanak International is a Christian organisation, that is based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and has sister organizations in the United Kingdom and Australia plus an operations office in Cambodia . 
The Wilberforce Award, named after William Wilberforce, is given by Ratanak International to people who fight human trafficking. Joy Smith, a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) in Manitoba, received the award in 2010 for making it her priority as an MP to expose the issue of human trafficking. Brian McConaghy founded Ratanak International. McConaghy is a forensic scientist who left the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in order to fight human trafficking. Ride for Refuge has supported Ratanak International.

</doc>
<doc id="36793538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793538" title="Tracy Robertson">
Tracy Robertson

Tracy Floyd Robertson (born September 26, 1989) is an American football defensive end for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Baylor. He signed with the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2012.
Early years.
Robertson attended Lamar High School in Houston, Texas. Robertson was selected to the first team All-District 20-5A honors. Robertson finished high school with 83 tackles, 11 sacks along with 2 fumble recoveries. Robertson was named one of state's Top 25 defensive linemen by Texas Football magazine.
College career.
He played college football at the University of Baylor. During his tenure in Baylor, he recorded 44 tackles and 7.5 sacks. He played in 44 games and started 27 of them.
In his Freshman year, heplayed 9 games coming off bench. On October 4, 2008, he recorded a season high 2 Tackles against the No.1 ranked Oklahoma but Baylor lost in a blowout 49-17. On November 1, 2008, He had just one tackle against Missouri but Baylor lost 31-28.
In his Sophomore year, he played in all 12 games, and started at Defensive end. He finished the season with 22 tackles, including 5 tackles for loss, 3 sacks. On October 17, 2009, he recorded a career high 5 tackles against Iowa State but Baylor lost 10-24. On November 7, 2009, He recorded 5 tackles and 2 sacks against Missouri and Baylor won 40-32. On November 28, 2009 the season finale against Texas Tech in which He recorded 2 tackles and One sack but Baylor lost 20-13. Baylor finished the 2009 season with a 4-8 record.
In his Junior year, he played 10 games and started 9 of them. He started the season as a Defensive tackle until the fourth game. The next three games which he missed due to injury. On September 11, 2010, He recorded 3 tackles, including two tackles, and three QB hurries against Buffalo in which Baylor won 34-6. On October 16, 2010, He just recorded 2 tackles against Colorado and Baylor won 31-25. On October 23, 2010, He recorded 4 tackles Kansas State contributing to Baylor winning the game by the final score of 47-42.
In his Senior year, he played in 13 games and started 11 games and he recorded 23 tackles and 4.5 sacks. On October 1, 2011, he recorded 4 tackles and 2 sacks against Kansas State but Baylor lost 36-35. In next game against Iowa State, he recorded one sack while Baylor won 49-26.
Professional career.
Houston Texans.
After going undrafted in the 2012 NFL Draft, he was signed by the Houston Texans. On July 30, 2012 He was released.
Detroit Lions.
On August 2, 2012, he signed with the Detroit Lions. On August 31, 2012, he was released on the final day of roster cuts.
New England Patriots.
On January 1, 2013, Robertson was signed to the New England Patriots practice squad. On April 29, 2013 the Patriots released Robertson.
Miami Dolphins.
On June 13, 2013, he signed with the Miami Dolphins. On August 31, 2013 he was released by the Dolphins.
Chicago Bears.
On October 14, 2013, he was signed to the Bears practice squad. On November 22, he was promoted to the active roster, making his debut in week twelve against the St. Louis Rams, but was released on November 29. He returned to the practice squad on December 3.

</doc>
<doc id="36793560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793560" title="Real-life experience (transgender)">
Real-life experience (transgender)

The Real-Life Experience (RLE), sometimes called the Real-Life Test (RLT), is a period of time in which transgender individuals live full-time in their preferred gender role. The purpose of the RLE is to confirm that a given transgender person can function successfully as a member of said gender in society, as well as to confirm that they are sure they want to live as said gender for the rest of their life. A documented RLE is a requirement of some physicians before prescribing hormone replacement therapy (HRT), and a requirement of most surgeons before performing genital reassignment surgery (GRS).
Criteria.
Standards of Care.
The sixth version of the World Professional Association for Transgender Health's (WPATH) Standards of Care (SOC), published in 2001, lists the parameters of the RLE as follows:
The seventh version of the SOC – which was published in 2011 and is the most recent edition of the standards – is more ambiguous, and does not list any specific parameters for the RLE. Instead, they merely state that the individual should be living full-time in their preferred gender role continuously for the duration of the RLE. They also state that documentation of a name and/or gender marker change can be presented as a way of providing proof that the RLE has been completed, but do not state that a name and/or gender marker change is a necessary requirement for completion of the RLE. Taken together, these changes may be signs of WPATH moving away from gatekeeping, which the SOC have been criticized for.
Necessity.
The SOC are followed by most medical professionals who specialize in the care of transgender individuals, and are the most widely followed clinical guidelines for the treatment of transgender persons in use. Hence, the SOC criteria for HRT and GRS, including completion of an RLE when applicable, must usually be met for one who seeks such treatments to receive them.
As of the seventh version of the SOC, a three month minimum requirement of RLE is no longer part of WPATH's recommended criteria for HRT. A referral letter alone from a qualified mental health professional now suffices. The SOC state:
With respect to mastectomy/chest reconstruction and breast augmentation, the seventh version of the SOC do not require an RLE for these procedures; nor is an RLE required for hysterectomy, salpingo-oophorectomy, or orchiectomy, or for other procedures such as facial feminization surgery and voice feminization surgery. However, for GRS, including metoidioplasty, phalloplasty, and vaginoplasty, one year of continuous RLE is a listed requirement.
Previous versions of the SOC stated that an RLE for GRS was an absolute requirement that could not be skipped or ignored. However, the seventh version of the SOC appears to be less stringent, and does not contain any such statements. In addition, WPATH emphasizes that the SOC are merely clinical "guidelines", and are intended to be both flexible and modifiable to meet the circumstances of the patient and the preferences and judgement of the clinician. Hence, the latest version of the SOC appear to allow for, in certain circumstances, the RLE to be skipped.
Clinical practice in many places may be more or less stringent. In the United Kingdom, most National Health Service trusts will require two years of RLE before surgery, whereas in countries such as Thailand and Mexico, some surgeons may not require the completion of any RLE at all.
Proof of completion.
The seventh version of the SOC state that medical professionals should clearly document a patient's RLE in their medical chart, including the start date of living full-time for those preparing for GRS. Sometimes surgeons may require proof that the RLE has been completed. The SOC state that, if applicable, proof may be provided in the form of communication with individuals who have related to the patient in a gender identity-congruent role (such as, presumably, the patient's physician, therapist, boss, or a teacher), or as documentation of a legal name and/or gender marker change.
Criticism.
Though the SOC's one-year RLE requirement prior to GRS is almost universally followed by surgeons, it has not gone without criticism. Like the previous three-month RLE requirement for HRT, some transgender people have expressed unhappiness with it, declaring that it is unnecessary. Supporting such claims, physician and sexologist Anne Lawrence, in a paper presented at the XVII Harry Benjamin International Symposium on Gender Dysphoria, stated that there is little scientific evidence that a one-year RLE is necessary or sufficient for favorable outcomes following GRS. In addition, she presented the results of a study she conducted on a group of trans women in which she showed that GRS without a prior one-year RLE could be undergone without the subsequent expression of regret. She concluded that her results did not support the SOC requirement of a one-year RLE as an absolute requirement for GRS.
Further in support of the idea that a one-year RLE requirement prior to GRS is unnecessary is the fact that regrets, as well as suicide, are very rare in post-operative transgender people in general. In another study conducted by Lawrence, she showed that in a group of 232 post-operative trans women, none expressed outright regret, and only a few expressed even occasional regret. In addition, a review of the literature reported that there is less than a 1% rate of regrets, and a little more than a 1% rate of suicide, among post-operative transgender people. The fact that the post-operative rate of suicide is only 1%, and the rate of suicide in the general population is only about 1%, while the suicide attempt rate of the transgender population as a whole – at 41% – is far higher than that of the general population, suggests that withholding or delaying GRS could actually "increase" the risk of suicide in transgender individuals.

</doc>
<doc id="36793578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793578" title="Sarah Bradford">
Sarah Bradford

Sarah Bradford, Viscountess Bangor is an English author, best known for her royal biographies.
Early life and education.
Sarah Bradford was born Sarah Hayes in Bournemouth in 1938. She was educated at St. Mary's Convent, Shaftesbury, Dorset. She won a State scholarship to Lady Margaret Hall, University of Oxford.
Family, early career.
She met Anthony Bradford, a real estate developer, at Oxford, and abandoned her degree to marry him. The couple lived in Barbados, Portugal, and Sardinia; they had two children, but divorced. Sarah Bradford then worked for the manuscript department of the auctioneer Christie's in London, where she met her second husband, William Maxwell David Ward; the two married in 1976.
Historian, screenwriter.
She began her career as a writer with her first book "The Englishman's Wine", written while she lived in Portugal. She has now published more than a dozen major works. Her husband became 8th Viscount Bangor in 1993. She is fluent in four languages and has traveled extensively. The couple reside in London. Sarah Bradford has assisted with the screenwriting for The Borgias (2011 TV series). She is working on a major new biography of Queen Victoria.
Major works.
One or more of her books have been translated into each of the following languages: French, Dutch, Italian, Russian, Czech, German, Turkish, Spanish, Finnish, and Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="36793589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793589" title="Louisiana State Route 14">
Louisiana State Route 14

Louisiana State Route 14 (LA 14) was one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1921. It ran in an south to north direction for , spanning from Alexandria through the Louisiana Delta to the Arkansas state line. LA 14 was later superseded for the most part by US 165.
Route description.
Beginning at Arkansas State Line, near Jones, through Bonita, Mer Rouge, Bastrop, Monroe, Columbia, Tullos, Selma, Hawcott, Pollack (sp.), to Alexandria. - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
From the south, LA 14 began at an intersection with US 71/LA 1, continuing north and serving as the terminus for LA 20 and joining LA 5 into the city of Pineville. LA 14 was helped through northeastern Louisiana by US 165, crossing paths with US 84 and LA 6, 17, and 68 before meeting LA 15 in Monroe.
After mingling with US 80 and LA 4, LA 14 split to the northeast, running between Monroe and Bastrop, where LA 14 joined US 165 for a last time. LA 14 was also joined with LA 11 from Bastrop to Mer Rouge, where LA 14 and US 165 turned to the north, while LA 11 continued east to Oak Grove. LA 14 ended shortly thereafter at the Arkansas state line.

</doc>
<doc id="36793619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793619" title="Acrolepiopsis orchidophaga">
Acrolepiopsis orchidophaga

Acrolepiopsis orchidophaga is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Moriuti in 1982. It is found in Japan.
The wingspan is 8.5–10 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="36793628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793628" title="Digitivalvopsis">
Digitivalvopsis

Digitivalvopsis paradoxa is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Moriuti in 1982. It is found in Japan and the Russian Far East.
The wingspan is about 10 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="36793649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793649" title="Acrolepiopsis persimilis">
Acrolepiopsis persimilis

Acrolepiopsis persimilis is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Moriuti in 1974. It is found in Japan.
The wingspan is 9–12 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="36793723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793723" title="Acrolepia peyerhimoffella">
Acrolepia peyerhimoffella

Acrolepia peyerhimoffella is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Sand in 1879.

</doc>
<doc id="36793748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793748" title="Acrolepia rungsella">
Acrolepia rungsella

Acrolepia rungsella is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Lucas in 1943. It is found in Morocco.

</doc>
<doc id="36793755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793755" title="Acrolepia seraphica">
Acrolepia seraphica

Acrolepia seraphica is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="36793767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793767" title="Laboratoire Kastler-Brossel">
Laboratoire Kastler-Brossel

The Kastler Brossel Laboratory, located in Paris, France, is a research laboratory specialized in fundamental physics of quantum systems. Founded in 1951 by Alfred Kastler and Jean Brossel, it is a joint research unit operated by the CNRS, the École normale supérieure and Pierre-and-Marie-Curie University.
Brief History.
The laboratory was founded in 1951 by Alfred Kastler (Nobel Prize in Physics in 1966) and Jean Brossel on the theme of the interaction between light and matter. The initial name of laboratory was the « Laboratoire de spectroscopie Hertzienne de l'ENS ». It is located in the Department of Physics of École Normale Supérieure.
In 1967, a second site opened on the Jussieu campus 
In 1994, the laboratory changed its name to « Laboratoire Kastler Brossel » in honor of two founders.
Now, the Kastler Brossel Laboratory (LKB) is one of the main actor in the field of fundamental physics of quantum systems.
Research activity.
Many new themes have appeared recently in this field, like quantum entanglement or Bose-Einstein Condensation in gases, which leads to a constant renewal of the research carried out in the laboratory. Presently its activity takes several forms: cold atoms (bosonic and fermionics systems), atom lasers, quantum fluids, atoms in solid helium; quantum optics, Cavity quantum electrodynamics; quantum information and quantum theory of measurement; quantum chaos; high-precision measurements. This themes leads not only to a better understanding of fundamental phenomena, but also to important applications, like better more precise atomic clocks,improvement of interferometric gravitational wave detectors or new methods for biomedical imaging.

</doc>
<doc id="36793775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793775" title="KJTF">
KJTF

KJTF is a Christian radio station licensed to North Platte, Nebraska, broadcasting on 89.3 MHz FM. The station is owned by Tri-State Broadcasting Association. 
KJTF plays a variety of Christian Music, as well as Christian talk and teaching programming including: "Turning Point with David Jeremiah, Insight for Living with Chuck Swindoll, Back to the Bible, Focus on the Family, Truth for Life with Alistair Begg, Love Worth Finding with Adrian Rogers, the Moody Church hour with Erwin Lutzer", and "In Touch with Charles Stanley". 
Construction permit.
In April 2012, KJTF filed an application for a Federal Communications Commission (FCC) construction permit to increase ERP to 80,000 watts and increase HAAT to 230 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="36793809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793809" title="Francisco Sousa dos Santos">
Francisco Sousa dos Santos

Francisco Sousa dos Santos, commonly known as Chiquinho, (born 27 July 1989 in Caxias (Maranhão)) is a Brazilian football player, currently playing as a Playmaker for Fluminense.

</doc>
<doc id="36793813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793813" title="W. Chew 'Chewie' Chan">
W. Chew 'Chewie' Chan

W. Chew “Chewie” Chan is a storyboard and comic book artist who has worked on a number of projects: from comic books (Iron Man, Buckaroo Banzai and Cthulhu Tales) to major movie productions (Superman Returns and Happy Feet). An avid proponent of the comics medium, he is the Comics Consultant for the Kinokuniya Bookstores of Australia and was Graphic Novels Supervisor for Kennedy Miller Mitchell, where he also worked extensively on Warner Bros’ Justice League Mortal.

</doc>
<doc id="36793827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793827" title="The Muppets Go to the Movies">
The Muppets Go to the Movies

The Muppets Go To The Movies (or The Muffets Go To The Movies as spelled by Fozzie Bear) is a 1981 one-hour special that aired on ABC. It was used to help promote "The Great Muppet Caper".
Plot.
With the aid of Dudley Moore and Lily Tomlin, Kermit the Frog and the Muppets show spoofs of different movies at the Muppet Theater.
During the credits, the Muppets leave the Muppet Theater as Kermit the Frog locks up the stage door unaware that he has locked Dudley Moore and Lily Tomlin in.
Cast.
Muppet Performers.
Additional Muppets performed by Kathryn Mullen, Brian Muehl, Bob Payne, Rollie Krewson

</doc>
<doc id="36793832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793832" title="The Evolution of Man">
The Evolution of Man

The Evolution of Man is the fourth studio album by British recording artist Example. The album was released on 19 November 2012 through Ministry of Sound.
Background and development.
Example tweeted that on the plane to Sydney, he planned on writing some songs for a new album and he would be listening to Kasabian's album Velociraptor! for lyrical inspiration. Whilst in Australia for 2 months, the singer/rapper planned to write the entire album in the time he spent there.
On 25 July 2012 Example announced via Twitter that the name of the lead single from his fourth album was "Say Nothing" - produced by Dirty South, also revealing it would premiere Monday 30 July 2012 on Capital FM. The track, alongside "Perfect Replacement" (produced by Feed Me), received its live debut on 18–19 August 2012 at the V Festival.
After fans' complaints about the lack of dubstep influence in "Say Nothing", Example responded to a comment on Facebook, saying "wait for the album, I'm not gonna fill the album with the same sounding song, and I'm not gonna keep releasing the same 'dubstep' or 'electro' record".
The promotional video for "Come Taste the Rainbow" premiered on 19 October 2012 on Hunger TV. This was also uploaded later to Example's official YouTube channel.
"Close Enemies", produced by Alex Smith, was released as the second single from the album on 11 November 2012, entering the UK Singles Chart at #37.
On 15 November, Greg James at BBC Radio 1 had the exclusive first play of "Perfect Replacement", with Example claiming that he "wanted it to be a single" but that there were "five or six" tracks that could be chosen as the third single. On 24 November, Example confirmed "Perfect Replacement" as the third single. Previous tweets had hinted towards "Queen Of Your Dreams" becoming a future single. During a live hangout on Google+, he revealed that he struggles to reach the high notes and so he doesn't perform "Queen Of Your Dreams" live.
From 11 February to 1 March 2013, Example and his live band completed their second UK arena tour. He performed six tracks from "The Evolution of Man" along with songs from his previous two albums "Playing in the Shadows" and "Won't Go Quietly". The band consists of Gleave, Sheldrake, Johnny "Drummachine" and Kaikai (who replaced David Stewart as guitarist). He was supported by Benga on all dates and Micky Slim, Sway, Baller B and P Money on selected dates.
Reception.
The album received mixed to positive reviews from critics.

</doc>
<doc id="36793834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793834" title="Piers Flanagan">
Piers Flanagan

Piers Flanagan (born 31 March 1992) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club as an underage priority pick in 2010. He made his debut in Round 21, 2012, against at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="36793843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793843" title="Battle of Määritsa">
Battle of Määritsa

Battle of Määritsa was a battle in Estonia, which began on the night of 31 March 1946, involving members of the Forest Brothers and Soviet occupation forces. Around ten Estonian fighters based at the Hindrik farmhouse were besieged by up to 300 Soviet soldiers. The battle lasted about seven hours before the farmhouse caught fire and the Soviets demanded that the rebels surrender. The fighters escaped from the farmhouse, continued fighting and were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="36793848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793848" title="Microsoft Mobile Services">
Microsoft Mobile Services

They are a set of personalized mobile services created specifically for mobile devices. It is offered through the applications and mobile browser for Windows Phone, iPhone, iPad (iOS), Nokia or Android.
Features.
Bing for mobile browser - m.bing.com.
Mobile browsing allows users to access Bing on their mobile devices through WAP or GPRS connection. The interface is optimized for viewing on mobile handsets. Users can:
In the U.S. on HTML-ready mobile devices such as iPhone, Android, and touch-screen Windows phones, further features are available:
The Bing for mobile browser is available in 31 markets worldwide.
Bing for mobile application.
The Mobile Application is available as a Java ME application for non-Windows phones, as a richer .NET Framework application for Windows Phones, and as an application for BlackBerry OS, Android, iOS, and Binary Runtime Environment for Wireless (BREW). It provides local listings, maps (road and aerial satellite), driving directions, and traffic conditions. Other features include:
The Bing app for iOS (iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad) includes these further features: 
The Bing app is available in the U.S. on a variety of Windows phones, Android platform devices, all BlackBerry devices, several BREW devices, iPhone and iPod Touch, and Sidekick devices.
Bing 411.
In the United States, Microsoft operated a toll-free number (1-800-BING-411 or 1-800-CALL-411) for directory assistance called Bing 411. This service used voice search technologies powered by Tellme. Users are able to find and connect for free to local shops and restaurants and obtain driving directions, traffic reports, sports scores, stock quotes, weather reports through this service. These numbers were discontinued on July 1, 2012.
As a replacement for the above numbers, a non-toll-free number has been set up at 330-247-7411 and offers the same services. Also Bing has set up another toll free number at 888-247-2425 (no obvious acronym).
MSN Mobile.
MSN Mobile includes mobile information and communications services for mobile devices from Microsoft as part of their MSN and Windows Live range of services. Many MSN sites can be directly accessed from mobile devices.
MSN Mobile product offerings originate from two mobile-focused groups within Microsoft's online services division. The oldest group, named Windows Live Mobile, primarily delivers SMS and WAP-based services. The newer group, MSN Mobile, started in August 2006 focused on bringing MSN premium and user generated content to mobile devices via both mobile browse and client applications.
There are two ways MSN Mobile can be accessed:
Features.
Mobile browsing.
Mobile Browsing allows users to access MSN content and services optimized for their mobile devices. Users can:
Mobile application.
MSN Mobile client software is preloaded on many newer PDA and phones. Some carriers charge a premium to access this service. The client software usually allows IM and email access; some versions provide access to Spaces and Search as well. This application is available on Android, Windows Phone and later on iPad.

</doc>
<doc id="36793913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793913" title="Paula Woyzechowsky">
Paula Woyzechowsky

Paula Cristina Woyzechowsky Gutiérrez is a Venezuelan actress, who debuted on 1991 on "La Pandilla de los 7". She has worked on television, theater and film.
Biography.
Woyzechowsky was born in Caracas, Venezuela. At age 12 she debuted on the television series "La Pandilla de los 7", produced by RCTV, and on 2001 she participated on the sitcom "Planeta de 6", produced by Televen. Woyzechowsky has appeared on several telenovelas on Venevisión, starting on 2006 with "Ciudad Bendita", followed by "Arroz con leche" on 2007, "La vida entera" on 2008, "El árbol de Gabriel" on 2011, and "Mi ex me tiene ganas" on 2012.
Woyzechowsky starred in the movies "3 Hijos y un Vestido" in 2007, and "Días de Poder" in 2010.
On 2012 she participated in "La Ratonera", a Spanish adaptation of "The Mousetrap", produced by Nohely Arteaga and Catherina Cardozo.

</doc>
<doc id="36793918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793918" title="Doh Church">
Doh Church

The Doh Church () is a church in Doh, Sălaj, Romania, built in 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="36793940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793940" title="Opinion polling for the Spanish general election, 2004">
Opinion polling for the Spanish general election, 2004

In the run up to the Spanish general election of 2004, various organisations carried out opinion polling to gauge voting intention in Spain. Results of such polls are displayed in this article.
The date range for these opinion polls are from the previous general election, held on 12 March 2000, to the day the next election was held, on 14 March 2004.
Opinion polling.
Poll results.
Poll results are listed in the table below in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed in bold, and the background shaded in the leading party's colour. In the instance that there is a tie, then no figure is shaded. The lead column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the two parties with the highest figures. Poll results use the date the survey's fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication. However, if such date is unknown, the date of publication will be given instead.
Seats.
Opinion polls showing seat projections are displayed in the table below. The highest seat figures in each polling survey have their background shaded in the leading party's colour. In the instance that there is a tie, then no figure is shaded. 176 seats are required for an absolute majority in the Congress of Deputies.

</doc>
<doc id="36793951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793951" title="Nergård">
Nergård

Nergård (historically spelled "Nergaard") may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="36793964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36793964" title="Cuatro Lunas">
Cuatro Lunas

Cuatro Lunas is an upcoming Mexican comedy-drama directed by Sergio Tovar Velarde.
It stars Antonio Velázquez, Alejandro de la Madrid, César Ramos, Gustavo Egelhaaf, Alonso Echánove, Alejandro Belmonte, Karina Gidi and Juan Manuel Bernal.
The movie is currently in post-production.
Plot.
Four stories about love and self-acceptance: a boy secretly attracted to his male cousin; two college students starting a secret relationship; a couple wasted due to the arrival of another man and an old man dazzled over a young male prostitute.

</doc>
<doc id="36794014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794014" title="Eminler, Karaman">
Eminler, Karaman

Eminler is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. At it is situated to the west of Karadağ, an excint volcano. Its distance to Karaman is . The population of the village was 135 as of 2011. A tumulus in the village indicate that the village was an ancient settlement which was abandoned. The present village was founded by Circassians from the Caucasus after the ethnic cleansing of Circassians by the Russian Empire in the second half of the 19th century. The main economic activities of the village are agriculture and animal breeding. Main crops are cereals.

</doc>
<doc id="36794042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794042" title="Reformed Church, Vârşolţ">
Reformed Church, Vârşolţ

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Vârșolț, Romania, completed in the 1769.

</doc>
<doc id="36794087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794087" title="New Music of Alec Wilder">
New Music of Alec Wilder

New Music of Alec Wilder is an album by American jazz guitarist Mundell Lowe and his orchestra featuring compositions by Alec Wilder recorded in 1956 for the Riverside label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars with its review by Scott Yanow calling it "A nice vehicle for an 11-piece group". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Alec Wilder"

</doc>
<doc id="36794120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794120" title="Reformed Church, Nuşfalău">
Reformed Church, Nuşfalău

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Nuşfalău, Romania, built in the 15th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36794125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794125" title="Aleksandr Nikolaevich Maksimov">
Aleksandr Nikolaevich Maksimov

Aleksandr Nikolaevich Maksimov () (13 August 1872 - 24 April 1941) was a Soviet ethnographer who focused on the history of the family, the clan and the economy.
Career.
Aleksandr Nikolaevich Maksimov was born in Orel on 13 August 1872.
He became a member of the circle formed by A.I. Ryazanov, although he did not immediately adopt the Marxist creeds of its leader.
In 1894 he was arrested and deported to Arkhangelsk Governorate.
There he became interested on ethnology.
After returning to Moscow, Maksimov was made head of the ethnographic department of the Society of the Aficionados of the Natural Sciences, Anthropology and Ethnography (OLEAE), and for many years contributed book reviews to the "Etnograficheskoe Obozrenie", gaining recognition and respect among Russian ethnographers.
Between 1900 and 1917 he published a number of papers that attacked the evolutionist view of the way in which kinship and social organizations had developed.
He was a professor at Moscow State University from 1919 to 1930, and a bibliographer at the V. I. Lenin State Library from 1919 to 1935.
Maksimov died on 24 April 1941 in Moscow.
Views.
Maksimov belonged to the school of ethnologists in Russia that depended on foreign literature for information on hunter-gatherers in other parts of the world, as opposed to those who concentrated on a careful study of ethnic groups within the country. He was an anti-evolutionist.
In this, he was out of step with Soviet ethnography, which followed the research line of evolutionism.
Maksimov attended a major gathering of ethnologists in Moscow between 28 December 1909 and 6 January 1910, the largest such meeting in the Tsarist era, where he was a keynote speaker.
Maksimov argued against evolutionism, going against the views of most of the leading ethnologists present.
Although not a field researcher himself, he was suspicious of theoretical generalizations and praised careful, focused studies of specific institutions and peoples in the field. 
In 1926 Maksimov was a consultant to the Soviet of Nationalities, involved in a debate over how to determine which "narodnost", or ethnic group, people belonged to in a forthcoming census. A census taker would interview the respondent, but what if the census taker did not believe the respondent's answer? 
Maksimov favored accepting the respondent's answer, and changing the question to say "what "narodnost" do you consider that you belong to?"
He felt that this would allow for cases where people had changed their ethnic identification, rather than forcing an identification based on past history.
Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev was a follower of Maksimov, who believed that an ethnologist should not retrict himself to "primitive" people, but should study people at all stages of development.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36794129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794129" title="V. Chakkarai Chettiar">
V. Chakkarai Chettiar

Vengal Chakkarai Chettiar (17 January 1880 – 14 June 1958) was a Christian missionary, Indian independence activist, politician and trade unionist who served as mayor of Madras from 1941 to 1942.
Early life.
Chakkarai Chettiar was born in a Hindu Chettiar family of Madras city on 17 January 1880. He had his education at the Scottish Mission School, Madras Christian College and the Madras Law College. While studying at the Madras Christian College, Chettiar converted to Christianity and was baptized at the age of twenty-three.
Career.
Chakkarai Chettiar graduated in law from the Madras Law College and practised as a lawyer for some time. In 1913, he joined the Danish Mission Room as a Christian preacher and worked as a missionary for twenty years. During these years, he also became a disciple of Mahatma Gandhi and participated in the Indian independence movement.
Death.
Chettiar died on 14 June 1958 at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="36794165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794165" title="Sandsøy Church">
Sandsøy Church

Sandsøy Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Sandsøy on the island of Sandsøya. The church is part of the Bjarkøy og Sandsøy parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1888. The architect Ole Scheistrøen designed the building and it seats about 200 people.
History.
The original Sandsøy Church was built in 1766, but in 1866 it was disassembled and moved to the neighboring island of Bjarkøya, where it is located in the village of Nergården. It is now called Bjarkøy Church.

</doc>
<doc id="36794166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794166" title="Bjarkøy Church">
Bjarkøy Church

Bjarkøy Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located in the village of Nergården on the island of Bjarkøya. The church is part of the Bjarkøy og Sandsøy parish in the Trondenes deanery in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was originally built in 1766 on the island of Sandsøya. In 1866, the church was disassembled and moved to Nergården on the island of Bjarkøya. The church seats about 350 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36794171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794171" title="María Isabel Salvador">
María Isabel Salvador

María Isabel Salvador (born 1962) is an Ecuadorian politician. She was Minister of Foreign Affairs in the government of Rafael Correa, succeeding María Fernanda Espinosa on 7 December 2007. She was succeeded by Fander Falconí on 12 December 2008.
Salvador has been the Ambassador and Permanent Representative of Ecuador to the Organization of American States since 27 July 2010. She was named as president of the Governing Council of the Galapagos in June 2013. She succeeded Governor of the Galapagos Islands, Jorge Torres Pallo, who held the position for a year and a half.

</doc>
<doc id="36794193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794193" title="Electoral district of Fitzroy (Victoria)">
Electoral district of Fitzroy (Victoria)

The electoral district of Fitzroy was an electorate of the Victorian Legislative Assembly in the British colony and later Australian state of Victoria, based around the inner-Melbourne suburb of Fitzroy.

</doc>
<doc id="36794214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794214" title="Adrian R-II School District">
Adrian R-II School District

The Adrian R-III School District is a public school district in Bates County, Missouri, United States, based in Adrian, Missouri.
Schools.
The Adrian R-III School District has one elementary school and one middle school/high school. 

</doc>
<doc id="36794215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794215" title="Kick It in the Sticks">
Kick It in the Sticks

"Kick It in the Sticks" is a song by country singer Brantley Gilbert. It was originally released in 2010 and re-released in 2012 by The Valory Music Company. The song was written by Gilbert, Rhett Akins and Ben Hayslip.
Critical reception.
Billy Dukes of "Taste of Country" gave the song five stars out of five, writing that "while the aggressive guitars and spoken-word delivery can be intimidating, Gilbert’s message couldn’t be more welcoming." Ben Foster of Country Universe gave the song an F stating, "It's not well-written. It's not well-produced. It's not well-sung. It's not artistry in any worthwhile form, and it sure as heck isn't 'country'- not even by 2012 standards, or by any stretch of the imagination whatsoever."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Potsy Ponciroli.
Chart performance.
"Kick It in the Sticks" debuted at number 60 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of August 4, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36794221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794221" title="Pregnancy from rape">
Pregnancy from rape

Rape can cause difficulties during and after pregnancy, with potential negative consequences for both mother and child. Medical treatment following a rape includes testing for, preventing, and managing pregnancy. A woman who becomes pregnant after a rape may face a decision about whether to have an abortion, give the child up for adoption, or raise it. In some countries where :abortion is illegal even after rape and incest, over 90% of pregnancies in children 15 and under are due to rape by family members.
The false belief that pregnancy can almost never result from rape was widespread for centuries. In Europe, from medieval times well into the 1700s a man could use a woman's pregnancy as a legal defense to "prove" that he could not have raped her, since her pregnancy was thought to mean that she had enjoyed the sex and therefore consented to it. In recent decades, several pro-life politicians and organizations who oppose legal abortion in cases of rape have advanced claims that pregnancy very rarely arises from rape, and that the practical relevance of such exceptions to abortion law is therefore limited or non-existent.
Rape-pregnancy rates.
Any female capable of ovulation may become pregnant after rape by a fertile male. Rape conception happens between 25,000 and 32,000 times each year in the U.S.
In a three-year longitudinal study of 4,000 American women, physician Melisa Holmes estimated from data from her study that forced sexual intercourse causes over 32,000 pregnancies in the United States each year. That study revealed that among women aged 12–45, pregnancy occurred in 5% of victims of rape. A 1987 study also found a 5% pregnancy rate from rape among 18- to 24-year-old college students in the US. A 2005 study placed the rape-related pregnancy rate at around 3–5%. Physician Felicia H. Stewart and economist James Trussell estimated that the 333,000 assaults and rapes reported in the US in 1998 caused about 25,000 pregnancies, and up to 22,000 of those pregnancies could have been prevented by prompt medical treatment, such as emergency contraception.
A study of Ethiopian adolescents who reported being raped found that 17% subsequently became pregnant, and rape crisis centres in Mexico reported the figure the rate of pregnancy from rape at 15–18%. Estimates of rape-related pregnancy rates may be low since the crime is under-reported, resulting in some pregnancies from rape not being recorded as such.
Sociobiologists and evolutionary psychologists have hypothesized that causing pregnancy by rape may be a mating strategy in humans, as a way for males to ensure the survival of their genes by passing them on to future generations. Randy Thornhill and Craig T. Palmer are key popularizers of this hypothesis. They assert that most rape victims are women of childbearing age and that many cultures treat rape as a crime against the victim's husband. They state that rape victims suffer less emotional distress when they are subjected to more violence, and that married women and women of childbearing age experience less psychological distress after a rape than do girls, single women or post-menopausal women. Rape-pregnancy rates are crucial in evaluating these theories, because a high or low pregnancy rate from rape would determine whether such adaptations are favored or disfavored by natural selection.
There is debate as to whether conception rates are higher from rape or consensual sex.
Psychologist Robert L. Smith states that some studies have reported "unusually high rates of conception following rape". He cites a paper by C.A. Fox and Beatrice Fox, reporting that biologist Alan Sterling Parkes had speculated in personal correspondence that "there is a high conception rate in rape, where hormonal release, due to fear or anger, could produce reflex ovulation". Smith also cites veterinary scientist Wolfgang Jöchle, who "proposed that rape may induce ovulation in human females". Literary scholar Jonathan Gottschall and economist Tiffani Gottschall argued in a 2003 "Human Nature" article that previous studies of rape-pregnancy statistics were not directly comparable to pregnancy rates from consensual intercourse, because the comparisons were largely uncorrected for such factors as the use of contraception. Adjusting for these factors, they estimated that rapes are about twice as likely to result in pregnancies (7.98%) as "consensual, unprotected penile-vaginal intercourse" (2–4%). They discuss a variety of possible explanations and advance the hypothesis that rapists tend to target victims with biological "cues of high fecundity" and/or subtle indications of ovulation.
In contrast, psychologists Tara Chavanne and Gordon Gallup Jr., citing unpublished dissertations by Rogel and Morgan, argued that female adaptations reduce the likelihood of rape during fertile periods. A 1995 study of women who became pregnant after rape found that 60% had been impregnated during consensual intercourse. Anthropologist Daniel Fessler disputed these findings, saying, "analysis of conception rates reveals that the probability of conception following rape does not differ from that following consensual coitus".
Statutory rape, incest and underage pregnancy.
In 1995–96, the journal "Family Planning Perspectives" published a study by the Guttmacher Institute, a sexual health research and policy organization, on statutory rape (sexual intercourse with a minor) and resulting pregnancies. It drew on other research to conclude that "at least half of all babies born to minor women are fathered by adult men", and that "although relatively small proportions of 13–14-year-olds have had intercourse, those who become sexually active at an early age are especially likely to have experienced coercive sex: Seventy-four percent of women who had intercourse before age 14 and 60% of those who had sex before age 15 report having had a forced sexual experience". Because of difficulties in bringing such cases to trial, however, "data from the period 1975–1978 ... indicate that, on average, only 413 men were arrested annually for statutory rape in California, even though 50,000 pregnancies occurred among underage women in 1976 alone." In that state, it was found that two thirds of babies born to school-age mothers were fathered by adult men.
Sexual abuse early in life can lead young women to feel a lack of control over their sexual lives, decrease their future likelihood of using contraceptives such as condoms, and increase their chances of becoming pregnant or acquiring sexually transmitted infections. A 2007 paper by Child Trends examined studies from 2000 to 2006 to identify links between sexual abuse and teenage pregnancy, starting with Blinn-Pike et al.'s 2002 metastudy of 15 studies since 1989. It found that childhood sexual abuse has a "significant association" with adolescent pregnancy. Direct connections have been demonstrated both by retrospective studies examining antecedents to reported pregnancies and prospective studies, which track the lives of sex abuse victims and "can be helpful for determining causality". The more severe forms of abuse, such as rape and incest, entail a greater risk of adolescent pregnancy. Although some researchers suggest that pregnancy could be a choice made to escape a "bad situation", it may also be "a direct result of unwanted intercourse", which one study found to be the case for about 13% of participants in a Texas parenting program.
In Nicaragua, between 2000 and 2010, around 172,000 births were recorded for girls under 14, representing around 13% of the 1.3 million births during that period. These were attributed to poverty, laws forbidding abortion for rape and incest, poor sex education, lack of access to justice, and beliefs held in the culture and legal system. A 1992 study in Peru found that 90% of babies delivered to mothers aged 12–16 were conceived through rape, typically by a father, stepfather, or other close relative. In 1991 in Costa Rica, the figure was similar, with 95% of adolescent mothers under 15 having become pregnant through rape.
Many of the youngest documented birth mothers in history experienced precocious puberty and were impregnated as a result of rape, including incest. The youngest, Peruvian Lina Medina, was impregnated when she was four and had a live birth in 1939, at age five.
Rape in war and conflict.
Rape has been used as a weapon of psychological warfare for centuries, to terrorize, humiliate, and undermine the morale of the enemy. Rape was also used as an act of ethnic cleansing to produce babies that share the perpetrators' ethnicity. Forced pregnancy has been noted in places including Bangladesh, Darfur, and Bosnia. More broadly, pregnancy commonly results from wartime rape that was perpetrated without the intention of impregnating the enemy, as has been found in conflicts in East Timor, Liberia, Kosovo, and Rwanda. Gita Sahgal of Amnesty International commented that, rather than being primarily about "spoils of war" or sexual gratification, rape is often used in ethnic conflicts as a way for attackers to perpetuate social control and redraw ethnic boundaries. Children may be born to women and girls forced to "marry" abductors and occupiers; this happened in the Indonesian occupation of East Timor and in the Lord's Resistance Army's conflict in Uganda.
Rape during war is recognized under United Nations Security Council Resolution 1820 as a war crime and a crime against humanity. "Forced pregnancy" is specifically enumerated as a war crime and crime against humanity in the Rome Statute, which was the "first international criminal tribunal ever officially to criminalize forced pregnancy".
Children born as the result of wartime rape may be identified with the enemy and grow up stigmatized and excluded by their communities; they may be denied basic rights or even killed before reaching adulthood. Children are particularly at risk for such abuse when they are visibly identifiable as sharing half their ethnicity with the occupying forces, as in the case of half-Arab children of Darfuri women raped by janjaweed soldiers as part of the war in Darfur. Children of war rape are also at risk due to neglect by traumatized mothers unable to provide sufficient care.
Rape of Nanking.
In 1937 the Japanese army took over Nanking, which at the time was the capital of China. In the resulting seven-week occupation known as the Rape of Nanking, as many as 80,000 people were raped. Chinese women and girls of all ages were raped, mutilated, tortured, sexually enslaved, and killed; unknown numbers of them were left pregnant. Many pregnant Nanking women killed themselves in 1938, and others committed infanticide when their babies were born. During the rest of the 20th century there was no record of any Chinese woman acknowledging her child as having been born as a result of the Rape of Nanking.
Bosnian War.
During the 1992–95 Bosnian War, pregnancy from rape was used to perpetrate genocide. There were reports of deliberately created "rape camps" intended to impregnate captive Muslim and Croatian women. Women were reported to have been kept in confinement until their pregnancies had advanced beyond a stage at which abortion would be safe. In the context of a patrilineal society, in which children inherit their father's ethnicity, such camps were intended to create a new generation of Serbian children. The women's group "Tresnjevka" claimed that more than 35,000 women and children were held in such Serb-run camps. Estimates range from 20,000 to 50,000 victims. Feryal Gharahi of Equality Now reported:
After the Bosnian War, the International Criminal Court updated its statute to prohibit "confin one or more women forcibly made pregnant, with the intent of affecting the ethnic composition of any population".
Treatment and outcomes.
Immediate post-rape treatment protocols call for medical professionals to assess the likelihood that a victim will become pregnant in their assessment of the physical damage done to the woman. Protocol calls for gaining a history of the use of contraceptives, as a woman's use of birth control pills or other contraceptives before a rape affect her chance of becoming pregnant. Treatment protocols also call for clinicians to provide access to emergency contraception and counseling on abortion in countries where it is legal. High-dose estrogen pills were tried as an experimental treatment after rape in the 1960s, and in 1972 Canadian physician A. Albert Yuzpe and his colleagues began systematic studies on the use of ethinyl estradiol and dl-norgestrel to provide emergency contraception after an assault. These treatments reduced the rate of pregnancy after rape by 84%. This method is now called the Yuzpe regimen. Before being treated with pregnancy prevention measures, a rape victim is given a HCG pregnancy test to determine whether she was already pregnant before the rape.
When being discharged from emergency care, clinicians provide information about pregnancy as well as other complications such as infection and emotional trauma. While a woman who has become pregnant during the past 48 hours will test negative for pregnancy in an HCG pregnancy test (unless she was already pregnant before the rape), pregnancy resulting from the rape can be detected at the two-week followup visit.
Decisions of whether to end a rape-related pregnancy or carry it to term, and whether to keep the child or give it up for adoption can be severely traumatizing for a woman.
Abortion rates for pregnancies due to rape vary significantly by culture and demographics; women who live in countries where abortion is illegal must often give birth to the child or secretly undergo a dangerous, back-alley abortion. Some women do not wish to get abortions for religious or cultural reasons. In a third of cases, rape-related pregnancies are not discovered until the second trimester of pregnancy, which may reduce a woman's options, particularly if she doesn't have easy access to legal abortion or is still recovering from the trauma of the rape itself.
A 1996 study of thousands of US women showed that, of pregnancies resulting from rape, 50% were aborted, 12% resulted in miscarriage, and 38% were brought to term and either given up for adoption or raised. Peer-reviewed studies have reported from 38% of American women to 90% of Peruvian adolescents carrying the pregnancy to term. In Lima, Peru, where abortion is illegal, 90% of girls aged 12 to 16 who became pregnant through rape carried the child to term.
Of all children born, 1% are put up for adoption; the number of children conceived from rape who are given up for adoption was found to be about 6% in one study and 26% in another.
When a mother commits neonaticide, killing an infant younger than 24 hours old, the child's birth being the result of rape is a main cause, although other psychological and situational factors are generally present. Some people turn to drugs or alcohol to cope with emotional trauma after a rape; use of these during pregnancy can harm the fetus.
Children of rape.
For a mother who raises a rape-conceived child, both the traumatic effect of the rape and the child's blood relationship to the rapist can create significant psychological problems for both mother and child.
If a woman decides to keep and raise the child, she may have difficulty accepting it, and both mother and child face ostracism in some societies.
Mothers may also face legal difficulties. In most US states, the rapist maintains parental rights. Research by legal scholar Shauna Prewitt indicates that the resulting continued contact with the rapist is damaging for women who keep the child. She wrote in 2012 that in the US, 31 states allow rapists to assert custody and visitation rights over children conceived through rape.
History.
Children whose births result from rape have been killed by their mothers at various times in history; during ancient and medieval times, such infanticide was not prohibited (however penance was expected of these mothers in medieval Europe).
Law.
In contrast to the modern scientific consensus that rape-induced pregnancies are no less likely than any other, beliefs that rape could not lead to pregnancy were widespread in both legal and medical opinion for centuries. Galen, an ancient Greek physician, believed that a woman must experience pleasure to release "seed" and become pregnant, and could not derive such pleasure from nonconsensual sex. Galen's thinking influenced understanding from medieval England to Colonial America.
The Ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle also believed that female pleasure played a central role in conception. Female reproduction was, in many ways, viewed through the lens of male reproductive processes, imagining that female organs functioned as inverted versions of male organs, and hence orgasm was required for conception.
Centuries later, in medieval Europe, the belief that pregnancy could not occur without consent was still standard; in fact, conception by a woman was considered a legitimate defense against charges of rape. The belief was codified in the medieval British law texts "Fleta" and "Britton". "Britton" states:
"If the defendant confesses the fact, but says that the woman at the same time conceived by him, and can prove it, then our will is that it be adjudged no felony, because no woman can conceive if she does not consent."
Medieval literary scholar Corinne Saunders acknowledged a difficulty in determining how widely held was the belief that pregnancy implies consent, but concluded that it influenced "at least some justices", citing a 1313 case in Kent.
By the late 1700s, scientists no longer universally accepted the view that pregnancy was impossible without pleasure, although this view was still common. A 1795 British legal text, "Treatise of Pleas of the Crown", disparaged the belief's legal utility and its biological veracity:
"Also it hath been said by some to be no rape to force a woman who conceives at the time; for it is said, that if she had not consented, she could not have conceived, but this opinion seems very questionable, not only because the previous violence is no way extenuated by such a subsequent consent, but also because, if it were necessary to shew that the woman did not conceive, the offender could not be tried till such time as it might appear whether she did or did not, and likewise because the philosophy of this notion may very well be doubted of."
The 1814 British legal text "Elements of Medical Jurisprudence" by Samuel Farr claimed that conception "probably" could not occur without a woman's "enjoyment", so that an "absolute rape" was unlikely to lead to pregnancy. On the other hand, in the US, in an 1820 court case in the Arkansas Territory, a man plead innocent to rape charges because the victim became pregnant, but the court rejected the argument:
"The old notion that if the woman conceive, it could not be a rape, because she must have in such case have consented, is quite exploded. Impregnation, it is well known, does not depend on the consciousness or volition of the female. If the uterine organs be in a condition favorable to impregnation, this may take place as readily as if the intercourse was voluntary."
Islamic law.
Historian Ian Talbot has written about how countries with Quran-based Islamic codes on rape and pregnancy use Sura An-Nur, verse 2, as a legal basis: "The law of evidence in all sexual crimes required either self-confession or the testimony of four upright ("salah") Muslim males. In the case of a man, self-confession involved a verbal confession. For women however medical examinations and pregnancy arising from rape were admissible as proof of self-guilt."
Opposition to legal abortion.
Pregnancy from rape is an ethical and moral issue in the context of opposition to legal abortion. In recent decades, claims of the improbability of rape-induced pregnancy, reminiscent of historical beliefs, have again begun to play a role in political discourse surrounding abortion regulation in cases of rape, particularly in the United States.
Claims that rape reduces the chance of pregnancy have at times been made by referring to the fact that chronic stress can reduce a woman's fertility over a long term. However the current scientific consensus is that this is specific to long-term stress—the acute stress reaction that occurs during rape cannot "shut down ovulation that has already begun". In a 1972 article, physician and anti-abortion activist Fred Mecklenburg argued that pregnancy from rape is "extremely rare", adding that a woman exposed to the trauma of rape "will not ovulate even if she is 'scheduled' to". Blythe Bernhard wrote in "The Washington Post", "That article has influenced two generations of anti-abortion activists with the hope to build a medical case to ban all abortions without any exception." John C. Willke, a former president of the National Right to Life Committee and a general practitioner with training in obstetrics, has published similar statements since 1985. In a 2012 interview he said, "This is a traumatic thing – she's, shall we say, she's uptight. She is frightened, tight, and so on. And sperm, if deposited in her vagina, are less likely to be able to fertilize. The tubes are spastic." These assertions were disputed by a number of gynecology professors. A 1997 book published by the group Human Life International (which opposes legal abortion in all cases, including rape) claims that several studies performed in the 1970s show that only 0.08% of rapes result in pregnancy, and alternatively offers an estimate of 0.8% from other data. The same book dismisses contrary statistics, claiming that "the women who obtain abortions for 'rape' are almost always lying".
Related views have also been expressed by pro-life groups outside the United States. The United Kingdom pro-life group Society for the Protection of Unborn Children similarly claims that rape-pregnancy is "extremely rare", in part because the "trauma of being raped makes it difficult for fertilisation or implantation to occur". The Irish pro-life group Youth Defence published claims on its web site that "trauma from the rape may bring into play some natural defence mechanisms that reduce the likelihood of pregnancy", but removed these statements in 2012 following the Akin controversy, explaining that the group now deemed them "unreliable". The Irish group Precious Life published claims that "the trauma of sexual assault is likely to inhibit ovulation" and "the rate of pregnancy arising from sexual assault is 0.1%". Other groups that say rape prevents ovulation include the Australian group "Pro-Life Victoria", and the group "Pro-Life Philippines". The Austrian group "Jugend für das Leben" (Youth for Life) writes that "pregnancies after rape are extremely rare" because "protective mechanisms" from the stress of rape will "almost always prevent conception".
In the US, several politicians in the Republican Party have advanced claims that pregnancy from rape is rare. Pennsylvania state representative Stephen Freind claimed in 1988 that the odds of a pregnancy resulting from rape were "one in millions and millions and millions". James Leon Holmes published a letter in 1980 stating, "concern for rape victims is a red herring because conceptions from rape occur with approximately the same frequency as snowfall in Miami". Holmes apologized for this remark in 2003 after he was nominated as a United States federal judge. (He was confirmed in 2004). In 1995, North Carolina House of Representatives member Henry Aldridge remarked during a debate to eliminate a state abortion fund for poor women: "The facts show that people who are raped – who are truly raped – the juices don't flow, the body functions don't work and they don't get pregnant. Medical authorities agree that this is a rarity, if ever." In 1998, Arkansas state senator Fay Boozman lost a campaign for a US Senate seat after remarking that fear-induced hormonal changes made rape victims unlikely to become pregnant. He later apologized and eventually called the claim a mistake, but the controversy was renewed in 1999 when he was appointed director of the Arkansas Department of Health by then-governor Mike Huckabee. During his campaign in the United States Senate election in Missouri, 2012, US Representative Todd Akin commented on abortion exceptions for rape victims: "I understand from doctors, that's really rare. If it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down." The comment was widely criticized, and Akin apologized, saying he "misspoke". Akin's suggestion that rape is unlikely to result in pregnancy was defended by some prominent individuals and groups which oppose legal abortion. A SurveyUSA poll one day after Akin's comments reported that 76% of Missouri adults disagreed with Akin, 13% agreed with the statement and 11% were unsure (±3.8%).

</doc>
<doc id="36794227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794227" title="Siege of Ceuta (1419)">
Siege of Ceuta (1419)

The Siege of Ceuta of 1419 (sometimes reported as 1418) was fought between the besieging forces of the Marinid Sultanate of Morocco, led by Sultan Abu Said Uthman III, including allied forces from the Emirate of Granada, and the Portuguese garrison of Ceuta, led by Pedro de Menezes, 1st Count of Vila Real. After the loss of the city in a surprise attack in 1415, the Sultan gathered an army four years later and besieged the city. The Portuguese gathered a fleet under the command of princes Henry the Navigator and John of Reguengos to relieve Ceuta. According to the chroniclers, the relief fleet turned out to be quite unnecessary. In a bold gambit, D. Pedro de Menezes led the Portuguese garrison in a sally against the Marinid siege camp and forced the lifting of the siege before the relief fleet even arrived.
Blamed for losing Ceuta, the Marinid sultan was assassinated in a coup in Fez in 1420, leaving only a child as his heir. Morocco descended into anarchic chaos, as rival pretenders vied for the throne and local governors carved out regional fiefs for themselves, selling their support to the highest bidder. The political crisis in Morocco released the pressure on Ceuta for the next few years.

</doc>
<doc id="36794230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794230" title="Ottawa Ladies' College">
Ottawa Ladies' College

The Ottawa Ladies' College was a non-denominational Ottawa educational institution founded in 1869 for the purpose of providing a quality education to women. 
History.
Originally named the Presbyterian Ladies' College because of its association with the Presbyterian Church, the Ottawa Ladies' College was founded in Centretown in 1869 by Henry Franklin Bronson. The college was re-established in 1914 in a large building designed by Edgar Lewis Horwood located at 268 First Ave. In 1942, the college was expropriated for use as barracks for the Canadian Women's Army Corps. In 1947, the building served as the campus of the new Carleton College, which would evolve into Carleton University. The university did not continue to use the facilities and moved to its present site beside the Rideau River in 1959. The Ottawa Board of Education used the building for offices until 1998 when it was sold to a developer to create condominiums.
Purpose and courses of instruction.
The purpose of the college was the improvement of women's education. Grade levels were grade 1 to post-secondary. Courses included languages, mathematics, science, athletics, handicrafts, and household arts such as practical cooking, needlework and sewing. Horseback riding and pantomime courses were also offered. 

</doc>
<doc id="36794294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794294" title="Donkey punch (disambiguation)">
Donkey punch (disambiguation)

Donkey punch is a slang term for a fictitious sexual practice. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36794296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794296" title="2012 Danmark Rundt">
2012 Danmark Rundt

The 2012 Danmark Rundt was a men's road bicycle race held from 22 to 26 August 2012. It was the 22nd edition of the men's stage race, which was established in 1985. The race was rated as a 2.HC event and formed part of the 2012 UCI Europe Tour.
The race was won by Dutch rider Lieuwe Westra of the Vacansoleil-DCM team, with Ramunas Navardauskas of Garmin-Sharp second and Manuele Boaro of Team Saxo Bank-Tinkoff Bank third.
The 2012 race was moved to the end of August from its usual start date at the beginning of the month because of a clash with the 2012 Olympic Games. Organisers believe that this led to less spectators viewing the race than in the past and plan for the 2013 edition to start following the 2013 Tour de France.
Teams.
17 teams were invited to the 2012 Danmark Rundt: 8 teams from the UCI ProTeams, 4 UCI Professional Continental Teams, 4 UCI Continental Teams along with a Danish national team under the Team Post Danmark name.
Stages.
Stage 1.
22 August 2012 – Randers to Randers, 
The stage started and ended in Randers, taking in a tour of the Djursland peninsula and passing through the town of Grenaa. A crash involving around half of the field occurred 3½km before the finish before being won by German rider Andre Greipel of the Lotto-Belisol team. Alexander Kristoff of Team Katusha finished second, with Theo Bos of Rabobank finishing third.
Organisers decided to award every rider the same time following the mass crash as the riders involved were part of the peloton at the time. This is usually only done if riders are within the 3 km mark at the end of the stage, a decision which attracted some criticism from Michael Rasmussen.
Stage 2.
23 August 2012 – Løgstør to Aarhus, 
Stage two was the longest stage of the 2012 race, starting in Løgstør on the Limfjord and travelling generally south through Jutland. It passed tyhrough the town of Viborg before ending in Aarhus. It was described as a key stage with a possibly critical impact on the overall standings. The stage was won by André Greipel following a bunch sprint at the finish. Topsport Vlaanderen-Mercator rider Michael Van Staeyen finished second with Steele Von Hoff of Garmin-Sharp third.
Stage 3.
24 August 2012 – Silkeborg to Vejle, 
Stage three has been described as the toughest stage in the race and contained the most climbs. The route initially ran north from Silkeborg through Kjellerup, before turning southwards through Silkeborg again before heading towards Vejle. It finished after the traditional climb of Kiddesvej, a 350 metre climb with an average gradient of 12.5% and a maximum gradient of 21%. This climb has been included in the Danmark Rundt each year since 2004.
After a breakaway, which at one point reached eight minutes, most riders rejoined the peloton before the final climb of Kiddesvej led to a small group being able to complete the stage ahead of the main bunch. The stage winner was Lars Petter Nordhaug of Team Sky who took over the general classification lead from André Greipel. Wilco Kelderman of Rabobank came second with Ramunas Navardauskas of Garmin-Sharp third.
Stage 4.
25 August 2012 – Ringe to Odense, 
A short stage to allow for an individual time trial later in the same day, stage four saw the race move to Funen. Starting in Ringe, the route traveled south to Faaborg on the south coast, before passing north to Odense. Much of the route was wet and, again, produced a sprint finish which was won by Alexander Kristoff of Team Katusha ahead of Andrew Fenn of Omega Pharma-Quick Step and Theo Bos of Rabobank. Lars Petter Nordhaug retained the yellow jersey with just a one second lead over Kristoff ahead of the evening individual time trial around Kerteminde.
Stage 5.
25 August 2012 – Kerteminde to Kerteminde, individual time trial (ITT)
Stage five was be a 14½km individual time trial around Kerteminde on Funen. The stage was identical to the time trial used in the 2002 and 2008 races. It was won by Lieuwe Westra of the Vacansoleil-DCM team who took the yellow jersey, leading the race by ten seconds from Ramunas Navardauskas.
Stage 6.
26 August 2012 – Slagelse to Frederiksberg, 
Stage six started in Slagelse on Sjælland and passed through Sorø and Roskilde before arriving in Frederiksberg. Ten laps of 6 km each led to the traditional race finish on Frederiksberg Allé. The stage was won by Team Sky rider Mark Cavendish in a bunch sprint, with Lieuwe Westra retaining the overall lead.
Final standings.
The general classification was won by Lieuwe Westra of Vacansoleil-DCM by ten seconds from Ramunas Navardauskas of Garmin-Sharp with Manuele Boaro of Team Saxo Bank-Tinkoff Bank another four seconds back in third place. Team Katusha rider Alexander Kristoff won the points trophy by one point from Lotto-Belisol rider André Greipel.
The mountain classification was won by Danish rider Nikola Aistrup of Team Concordia Forsikring-Himmerland with Dutch rider Wilco Kelderman of Team Rabobank winning the young riders award. Glud & Marstrand-LRØ rider Sebastian Lander won the fighters award. The team race was won by Team Sky.

</doc>
<doc id="36794316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794316" title="Nephopterix melanostyla">
Nephopterix melanostyla

Nephopterix melanostyla is a species of snout moths in the genus "Nephopterix". It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1879, and is known from Australia (including Parramatta, the type location).

</doc>
<doc id="36794323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794323" title="Nephopterix piratis">
Nephopterix piratis

Nephopterix piratis is a species of snout moths in the genus "Nephopterix". It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1887. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36794327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794327" title="Nephopterix placoxantha">
Nephopterix placoxantha

Nephopterix placoxantha is a species of snout moths in the genus "Nephopterix". It was described by Lower in 1898. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36794333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794333" title="Birch Creek Charcoal Kilns">
Birch Creek Charcoal Kilns

The Birch Creek Charcoal Kilns are a group of beehive-shaped clay charcoal kilns near Leadore, Idaho, built in 1886. They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. 
The kilns were built in 1886 to produce charcoal to fuel the smelter at Nicholia, which smelted lead and silver ore from the Viola Mine located about 10 miles east of the kilns. The Viola ore deposit was discovered in 1881 and was mined until 1888, when the ore was depleted and the price of lead had fallen. The Nicholia smelter, located about 3 miles west of the mines, had two blast furnaces, each with a daily capacity of of ore.
A Butte, Montana, man named Warren King built 16 kilns from brick made from local clay, possibly obtained from Jump Creek on the east side of the Birch Creek valley. The beehive-shaped kilns are each about tall and in diameter. When operating, each kiln used 30 to 40 cords of Douglas fir wood per load, producing about 1,500 to 2,000 bushels (70 cubic meters) of charcoal over a two-day burn. The kiln operation lasted for less than three years, employing 150 to 200 people at its peak, and had a monthly output estimated at 44,000 to 50,000 bushels (1550 to 1762 cubic meters) of charcoal.
The ruins of four kilns survive. They are located on the Caribou-Targhee National Forest, which operates the location as a public interpretive site. Nicholia is now a ghost town, with only a few ruins remaining. There are no surviving remains of the town of Woodland, a short distance south of the kilns, where the kiln workers lived. The kilns were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972. The listing included four contributing structures on . In 1987, a volunteer-assisted stabilization effort prevented one of the kilns from collapsing. The Forest Service undertook a restoration of the kilns in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36794350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794350" title="Goldbond, Virginia">
Goldbond, Virginia

Goldbond is an unincorporated community in Giles County, Virginia, United States. Goldbond is located on Stony Creek and State Route 635 northeast of Pearisburg. Goldbond had a post office, which opened on February 21, 1923, and closed on July 30, 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36794355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794355" title="Torda County">
Torda County

Torda County (, , ) was a county in Transylvania between the 11th or 12th century and 1876.
History.
Kingdom of Hungary.
Counties (districts formed aroung royal fortresses) were the basic units of royal administration in the Kingdom of Hungary from the 11th century. The fortress initially serving as the seat of Torda County was located at a distance of about from modern Torda (Turda, Romania) above the village Várfalva (Moldoveneşti) on the river Aranyos (Arieș). A cemetery near the castle was used from the turn of the 10th and 11th centuries.
The earliest royal charter mentioning the castle is from 1075, but only its interpolated version has been preserved. The earliest authentic charter referring to the same castle is dated to 1177. Although the county itself was only first mentioned in 1227, a reference in the charter of 1075 to taxes levied on salt at the castle implies the existence of a system of administration. Reference to an unnamed "ispán" of Torda was preserved in a charter from 1221. The "ispáns" of Torda were appointed by the "voivodes" of Transylvania, the representative of the kings of Hungary in the province.

</doc>
<doc id="36794369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794369" title="Mitchey Greig">
Mitchey Greig

Mitchey Greig (born 1988) is a freestyle skier from New Zealand. In the 2010 Winter Olympics at Vancouver, she came 30th in the woman’s ski cross.

</doc>
<doc id="36794384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794384" title="Doboka County">
Doboka County

Doboka County was a county in Transylvania between the 11th or 12th century and 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="36794404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794404" title="Nephopterix scabida">
Nephopterix scabida

Nephopterix scabida is a species of snout moths in the genus "Nephopterix". It was described by Zeller in 1867 and is known from Egypt.

</doc>
<doc id="36794413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794413" title="Nephopterix thermalopha">
Nephopterix thermalopha

Nephopterix thermalopha is a species of snout moths in the genus "Nephopterix". It was described by Lower in 1903. It is found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36794428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794428" title="Szolnok County">
Szolnok County

Szolnok County was a county in the Kingdom of Hungary between the 11th century and 1426.

</doc>
<doc id="36794437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794437" title="Nevacolima">
Nevacolima

Nevacolima is a genus of snout moths. It was described by Neunzig in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36794447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794447" title="Nevacolima jaliscoensis">
Nevacolima jaliscoensis

Nevacolima jaliscoensis is a species of snout moths in the genus "Nevacolima". It is found in west-central Mexico.
The length of the forewings is . Most of the costal half of the forewings is dusted with white, while the posterior half is ochre, red and reddish brown with fuscous, or black distally. The hindwings are smoky fuscous, but darker along the veins and near the costal and outer and posterior margins.

</doc>
<doc id="36794450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794450" title="Nevacolima zodia">
Nevacolima zodia

Nevacolima zodia is a species of snout moths in the genus "Nevacolima". It is found in west-central Mexico.
The length of the forewings is about 7 mm. The costal half of the forewings is dusted with white, while the posterior half is pale brown and red suffused with fuscous, or black. The hindwings are smoky fuscous, but darker along the veins and near the costal, outer and posterior margins.

</doc>
<doc id="36794455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794455" title="Iranian gender restrictions in education">
Iranian gender restrictions in education

A number of Iranian restrictions on women's education have been introduced in recent years by various conservative Iranian groups.
Overview.
As of 2006, women accounted for over half of university students in Iran and 70% of Iran's science and engineering students.
Such education and social trends are increasingly viewed with alarm by the Iranian conservatives groups. A report by the Research Center of the Majlis warned that the large female enrolment could cause "social disparity and economic and cultural imbalances between men and women."
October 2010 course restriction.
In 2010, Iran imposed restrictions on a dozen social studies courses, including women's studies and human rights, on the grounds that "The content of the current courses in the 12 subjects is not in harmony with religious fundamentals and they are based on Western schools of thought."
January 2011 Allameh Tabatabai University announcement.
In January 2011, the president of Allameh Tabatabai University in Tehran, Sadreddin Shariati, announced that subjects with large numbers of students would be split by gender. Prior to this, university libraries and canteens were already segregated, and male and female students often sat in separate rows in lecture halls. It was claimed that the Iranian public had already been requesting gender segregation in education in some highly religious areas and in the capital; also, such segregation was said to already be in progress in a number of other Iranian universities. Senior cleric Hojatoleslam Mohammad Mohamadian pushed for segregated classes in 2006, and again in 2009; other governmental requests to allow segregation date back over 15 years.
April 2012.
Amnesty International reported that in April 2012, university security personnel at the Roudehen Branch of Islamic Azad University beat female students who were not complying with hijab (Islamic dress) standards. They also claimed reports of quotas restricting women’s admission to specific university programs ("designed to reduce women’s access to specific fields of study") implemented by the Ministry of Science, Research and Technology. Such restrictions on women’s educational choices were said to violate the prohibition on discrimination and Iran’s obligations under international law.
20 August 2012 course ban.
Restrictions.
On 20 August 2012, an announcement was made by Iran's Ministry of Science, Research and Technology that 36 universities in Iran would be cutting 77 fields of study from the female curriculum, making them male-only fields. The fields chosen include most sciences and engineering, among others. The curriculum change is to begin being implemented for the 2013 school year and the fields of study limitations for women have been added to the university "leaflets". Universities like the Oil Industry University have completely barred women from attending, citing the "lack of employer demand".
The announcement came soon after the release of statistics showing that women were graduating in far higher numbers than men from Iranian universities and were scoring overall better than men, especially in the sciences.
This reasoning was echoed by Isfahan University, which stated that from those that obtained mining engineering degrees "98% of female graduates ended up jobless." The disciplines related to agriculture were also regarded as "unfit" for female students. Therefore, as a consequence of this move, women will not become engineers, nuclear physicists, archaeologists, business graduates and computer scientists in Iran. Additionally, they are also banned from attending the departments of English literature, translation and hotel management. Another reason given was that because of a shortage of available female dormitories, attendance had to be lowered. A comparison was made, however, to the fact that nursing was made a female-only degree in the same announcement.
The possibility of fields of study restrictions was first reported by the Mehr News Agency on 6 August 2012. The news followed the release of the year's entrance exam scores, showing that 60% of university attendees are women, along with test scores of the past few years showing women largely outperforming men. This included 52% of university graduates being women and 68% of science degree graduates being women. These results have caused concern among the senior clerics of the country, who became worried about the "social side-effects of rising educational standards among women, including declining birth and marriage rates".

</doc>
<doc id="36794470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794470" title="The Burn with Jeff Ross">
The Burn with Jeff Ross

The Burn with Jeff Ross is a comedy panel show hosted by comedian Jeff Ross on Comedy Central. The show debuted on August 14, 2012, and is executive produced by Ross himself. The program features Ross roasting a wide variety of targets, along with guest appearances by fellow comedians who make up a panel of roasters. The show was renewed for a second season by Comedy Central, which premiered January 8, 2013.
Format.
"The Burn with Jeff Ross" is presented in a humorous half-hour format, and is broadcast Tuesday nights at 10:30 EST (9:30 Central). The show is broken down into many segments. Examples of these segments include celebrity visits, public roasting, and panelist roasting. The first season contained an additional segment, known as "speed roasting", in which members of the audience volunteered to be roasted. As of the second season, the "speed roasting" segment is available only via the internet. 
The show usually features several segments such as:

</doc>
<doc id="36794479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794479" title="Ripplemead, Virginia">
Ripplemead, Virginia

Ripplemead is an unincorporated community in Giles County, Virginia, United States. Ripplemead is located along the New River east-northeast of Pearisburg. Ripplemead has a post office with ZIP code 24150.

</doc>
<doc id="36794497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794497" title="Nurnberg American High School">
Nurnberg American High School

Nürnberg American High School (NAHS) was a Department of Defense Dependents Schools (DoDDS) system school located near Nürnberg Germany. One of DoDDS original five high schools in Germany, the school served the children of American military, government and civilian personnel from 1946 until its closing in 1995.
History.
In October 1946, only a year and a half after the Allied forces defeated the German Third Reich, American dependents of high school age in the Nürnberg area began school in a former private residence in Erlangen, a university town nearby.
The freshmen met in the dining room, the sophomores in the living room, and the juniors and seniors had classes upstairs in bedrooms, according to Ed Thompson, who was there as a freshman student. About 70 students were enrolled. After Thanksgiving, classes were moved into the Science Building at Erlangen University.
Though textbooks and supplies were hard come by, the faculty of eight and a teaching principal offered the core curriculum of the time. The students responded to their straitened circumstances by writing a constitution for their student council, organizing student assemblies, and holding a number of dances, including that staple of American high schools, the junior-senior prom. Beginning in January 1947, the students had a weekly mimeographed newspaper and ended the year by publishing a mimeographed yearbook. During the spring some students had an unusual educational opportunity in that they took field trips to sessions of the Nürnberg War Trials.
In June, all the seniors in the five high schools in Germany (about 100) were given a cruise down the Rhine, a tradition that was to continue for several years. Eight students graduated that first year in a combined ceremony with Munich American High School held at the Haus der Kunst in Munich.
In the fall of 1947, the school moved to 19 Tannenstrasse in Fürth, a town approximately 6.5 miles from the Nürnberg main railway station, and changed its name to Nürnberg American High School.
A former German girls school built in 1906, the building on Tannenstrasse offered facilities superior to those in Erlangen. It had a gymnasium, a large assembly room, and a large basement with a dining hall and a combination library and study hall. Nearby requisitioned three-story private homes served as dormitories.
Other facilities available to the students were a Teen-Age Club housed in the Fürth Opera House; Linde Stadium, an ice skating and swimming facility built by Nazi Germany for the 1936 Olympics; and Stein Castle, requisitioned from the Faber-Castell family. It was the scene of the Junior-Senior Prom.
A German-American Youth Club encouraged interaction with the local populace. At one program in the Nürnberg Opera House, junior Don Hilty recited to a full house a speech given by Abraham Lincoln to a group of Germans in Ohio in 1861. Other programs included general knowledge quiz contests between the Americans and Germans and visits to each other's schools.
Enrollment remained low with approximately 70 students in grades 9-12. In June only four seniors graduated at the Haus der Kunst.
During the next three years while enrollment hovered around 100, interaction with the German populace continued to be a fairly important part of school life. The Nürnberg Opera House was the scene of a dance of 500 German and American youth and a forum discussing “World Federation.” The Nürnberg Special Services, assisted by a number of NHS boys and girls, presented a musical production, “Rhapsody in Rhythm,” in a full opera house.
By the end of its fifth year, the Dependents School Service was able to claim that the courses of study, textbooks, and teaching supplies in the American schools in Germany compared favorably with the best in the United States. 
Though the U.S. Army was still the army of occupation and MPs guarded the school doors and often rode buses and trains when American youth traveled to and from school, American young people moved about freely and without fear, so reports one NHS alumnus who was there in the 1950-51 school year 
1952 was a transforming year for the Americans in Germany. With the signing of the "Deutschlandvertrag" the occupation ended, and Germany and the U.S. became allies. For the students at NHS the change in status meant a new school building. The requisitioned building at 19 Tannenstrasse was returned to the Germans, and the U.S. built a brand new school at 30 Fronmüllerstrasse, complete with an adjacent dormitory. It opened Jan. 3, 1952.
At the same time, American dependents began to leave their housing “on the economy” and move into newly built housing around schools or U.S. bases. By 1955 the Kalb Community had grown up around NHS, and the campus boasted five additional buildings, including a new gymnasium. After this year, interaction with the native populace became a minor part of school life and remained so throughout the rest of the time NHS was open.
Throughout the first decade of its existence, NHS enrollment averaged 120 and an average of 19 seniors graduated. In 1956-57 enrollment went over 200 for the first time (207) and there were 27 graduates A year later the enrollment had jumped another 100 students to 312.
In June 1995, the last graduating seniors were awarded their diplomas from Nürnberg American High School, and the school closed 49 years after its opening. The Cold War was over; American troops were being withdrawn from the Nürnberg area.
Dorm Life.
Any student who lived more than 50 miles from the school lived in nearby residence facilities during the school week and went home for the weekend.
Facilities for resident students were primitive that first year. According to freshman Ed Thompson, the boys lived in an old barracks at the Erlangen Air Force base, sleeping on GI cots. They had hot water but no other heat. During this time, senior Sherrill Fetzer became “renowned for starting a fire in a metal waste can in an effort to keep warm.” The boys were later moved into a private residence.
The girls lived in a private residence. Junior Peggy Segur Misch remembered the bitter cold of that first year. "Getting hot water for bathing was a problem. A gas heater had to be turned on to heat the bath water. Because there was danger of asphyxiation from the heater, the window in the bathroom had to be wide open while the water was being heated – so it was hot water but cold air." She said the girls bathed only twice a week.
Meals were also problematic. At first the resident students had their meals in the U.S. Army mess hall at Erlangen. Ed Thompson said, “The girls sure did get the once-over by all the GIs ...” Music for dining was often provided. At his first meal there, Thompson said a German girl sang “Sentimental Journey.” Later, meals were eaten in a German hotel, the Kaiserhof, whose food freshman Bub Kale described as “mostly just to look at – it looks good but doesn't always taste that way.” 
Conditions were much improved with the move to Fürth in 1947. The dormitory students lived about three blocks from the school in two large three-story private homes, two to four persons to a room depending on the size of the room. They had a common social room and meals were served in the basement of the school building.
Both dormitories had supervisors, adults hired to keep order. Freshman Sara Davis Rodgers remembered her dorm supervisor vividly, Miss Margaret Mason, an English lady. She was known for insisting on open windows no matter the weather and a rigid bath schedule with each bather allotted “a certain time, in a certain amount of water, and for a specified time.” The morning get up call was especially memorable. The National Anthem was played over loudspeakers at full volume. “If your feet hadn't hit the floor and you weren't in an upright position immediately, Miss Mason was in your room berating you: 'Stand up you unpatriotic daughter of a rich American Army officer.' The loudspeakers then played 'I'm Looking over a Four Leaf Clover.'” 
Fallen Eagles.
The following alumni were killed in the course of military service.
Class of 1959
Class of 1960
Class of 1962
Class of 1965

</doc>
<doc id="36794500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794500" title="Pampa News">
Pampa News

The Pampa News is a daily newspaper published in Pampa, Texas, United States. It covers Pampa and the surrounding areas of Gray County, Texas.
The paper is published daily except Sundays and major holidays.The daily circulation is about 3,600.

</doc>
<doc id="36794557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794557" title="Eggleston, Virginia">
Eggleston, Virginia

Eggleston is an unincorporated community in Giles County, Virginia, United States. Eggleston is located along the New River south-southeast of Pembroke. Eggleston has a post office with ZIP code 24150.

</doc>
<doc id="36794587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794587" title="Shishu Niketan Higher Secondary School">
Shishu Niketan Higher Secondary School

Shishu Niketan Higher Secondary School was established in 1984 by late Som Nath Sharma in the city of Pokhara, Nepal.

</doc>
<doc id="36794605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794605" title="DR3 (disambiguation)">
DR3 (disambiguation)

DR3 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36794612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794612" title="History of the Jews in Cape Verde">
History of the Jews in Cape Verde

The history of the Jews in Cape Verde has been recorded in a number of historical records as well as having been the subject of modern research.
Origins.
Historians agree that the Jewish population of Cape Verde has its roots in the upheavals of the Spanish and Portuguese Inquisitions with the persecutions of Spanish and Portuguese Jews who were often forced to either submit to apostasy or had to flee from their homelands, or both.
Occupations.
Jews were allowed to engage in trade, including the slave trade, as long as they did not compete with the Portuguese trading monopolies.
Present.
There are presently no practicing Jews remaining in Cape Verde and there is therefore no organized Jewish community. However an American-based organization “Cape Verde Jewish Heritage Project” has been set up to restore the Jewish cemeteries and create an archive about Jewish ancestry of Cape Verde, and according to its president Carol Castiel its "goal is to honor the memory and explore the contributions of the many Sephardic Jewish families who immigrated to Cape Verde from Morocco and Gibraltar in the mid-19th century." This project was the subject of articles in The Forward: "Honoring Cape Verde’s Jewish History" (2009); the Washington Jewish Week: "Preserving a Jewish niche Group seeks to honor the ghosts of Cape Verde"(2009); and reported in the Jewish Telegraphic Agency: "Cape Verdean municipalities advance Jewish preservation" (2010) about agreements to maintain Jewish cemeteries on Ribeira Grande (Santo Antao), Praia and Boa Vista, as well as meetings with notables for this cause such as at the Cape Verdean American Business Association in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36794626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794626" title="Paterno (book)">
Paterno (book)

Paterno is a 2012 biography of Penn State football coach Joe Paterno book by sportswriter Joe Posnanski. The Paterno family granted Posnanski a great deal of access during the writing process, which included the time period of the Penn State child sex abuse scandal and Paterno's firing. The book debuted at #1 on the The New York Times Best Seller list for hardcover non-fiction best-seller.

</doc>
<doc id="36794635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794635" title="Mitch Brown (snowboarder)">
Mitch Brown (snowboarder)

Mitchell (Mitch) Brown (born 1987) is a snowboarder from New Zealand. He competed for New Zealand in the men’s half-pipe events at the 2006 Winter Olympics at Turin, Italy and the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="36794650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794650" title="Rock of Ages Festival">
Rock of Ages Festival

The Rock of Ages Festival is a music festival held every October in Calistoga, California, USA. It was established in 1999 and has grown to become one of Northern California's biggest rock festivals. Rock of Ages Festival presents speakers and music on four stages ranging in style from rock, rap, and Reggae to punk, big band, Latino, and more. The Rock of Ages Festival also presents workshops on subjects from marriage and relationships, to creation science and local ministry. 
Rock of Ages Festival has alternative stages featuring sports shows including a skate park and pro skateboarders, BMX teams, motocross performers, sword swallowers, break dance teams, and more. In addition there is a Latino stage with Hispanic music and speakers, and a children's stage with entertainment, performances and interactive speakers featuring messages for families and kids. 
Rock of Ages Festival has many vendors featuring a multitude of wares, services and food, mission projects, opportunities to take foreign mission trips, and organizations that support sponsoring needy children of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36794674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794674" title="Crandall Houses">
Crandall Houses

The Crandall Houses at 112 and 136 E. 200 North in Springville, Utah are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. They are the Clarence L. Crandall House and the Nelson D. Crandall House. The houses were both built in 1900, and are twin houses that look virtually identical. The designs appear to be adapted from pattern books circulating around that time. The design of the houses reflects the Victorian ideal of adapting high-style architecture to vernacular style homes. The Queen Anne-style trim, in particular, is unique within Springville.

</doc>
<doc id="36794680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794680" title="James Hamilton (snowboarder)">
James Hamilton (snowboarder)

James Hamilton (born 1989) is a snowboarder from New Zealand. 
He competed for New Zealand in the men’s hornpipe event at the 2010 Winter Olympics at Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="36794691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794691" title="Matthew Henry Davies">
Matthew Henry Davies

Sir Matthew Henry Davies (1 February 1850 – 26 November 1912) was an Australian politician, ex-Speaker of the Victorian Legislative Assembly.
Davies was the son of Ebeneser Davies and Ruth his wife, daughter of Mark Bartlett, of Bracknell, Berks, England, and grandson of the Rev. John Davies, of Trevecca College, South Wales. He was born at Geelong in 1850, and educated at the Geelong College, and matriculated at the University of Melbourne in 1869. He was admitted a solicitor of the Supreme Court of Victoria in 1876, and married Elizabeth Locke Mercer, eldest daughter of the Rev. Peter Mercer, D.D., of Melbourne, Presbyterian minister. They produced a family of 6 children - Arnold Mercer Davies 1876, Marion Agnes Davies 1877, Henry Gascoigne Davies 1879, Beatrice Elizabeth Davies 1880, Muriel Kate Davies 1882, and Olive Blanche Davies 1884.
For five years he was hon. secretary to the Council of the Law Institute of Victoria, and was a J.P. for the central bailiwick. He was mayor of the City of Prahran in 1881 to 1882.
Davies represented the electoral district of St. Kilda in the Legislative Assembly from 1883 to 1888; was a member of the Royal Commission on Transfer of Land and Titles to Land in 1885; was sworn of the Executive Council in Feb. 1886, and held a portfolio in the Gillies-Deakin Government as a Minister without responsible office from that date till Oct 1887. Sir Matthew visited England in connection with the Colonial and Indian Exhibition while a member of the Victorian Government, 1886 to 1887. He was Chairman of the Royal Commission on Banking in 1887, and was elected Speaker of the Legislative Assembly in October 1887. He was Chairman of the Royal Commission on the Electric Lighting and Ventilation of the Parliament Houses in 1888; Executive Commissioner and a Vice-President of the Centennial International Exhibition, held in Melbourne in 1888; was returned unopposed for the electoral district of Toorak in 1889, and unanimously re-elected Speaker in the same year. He was knighted in 1890, and he gave the munificent sum of £10,000 to the Imperial Institute and other public objects in the Jubilee year of the Queen's reign. Sir Matthew Davies held the Speakership up to the General Election in April 1892, when he retired from Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="36794693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794693" title="Roma Texas Port of Entry">
Roma Texas Port of Entry

The Roma Port of Entry was established in 1928 with the construction of the first suspension bridge. The current bridge was built in 1988, but the historic Roma – Ciudad Miguel Alemán International Bridge remains adjacent to it and is not currently used.

</doc>
<doc id="36794696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794696" title="2012 Asia Series">
2012 Asia Series

The 2012 Asia Series was the sixth time the Asia Series was held. The tournament was held in Busan, South Korea, and began on 8 November 2012 with the Final held on 12 November.
The tournament included six teams, a two team increase from the previous tournament. As has been the case in previous tournaments, the winners of NPB's 2012 Japan Series, Korea Baseball Organization's (KBO) 2012 Korean Series, Chinese Professional Baseball League's (CPBL) 2012 Taiwan Series and the Australian Baseball League's 2012 Championship Series qualified. The China Baseball League (CBL) returned to the Asia Series, with the 2012 Champion representing the country, and the host team, Busan's Lotte Giants, also participated in the tournament.
Format.
The six teams are placed in two groups of three (see below), with each team playing two games - one against each other member of their group. The team with the best record in each group will advance to the Final.

</doc>
<doc id="36794719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794719" title="Center for Intelligent Information Retrieval">
Center for Intelligent Information Retrieval

Center for Intelligent Information Retrieval (CIIR) is a research center at the Department of Computer Science, University of Massachusetts Amherst. It is a leading research center in the area of Information Retrieval and Information Extraction.
References.
1. CIIR
2. http://nlp.stanford.edu/IR-book/information-retrieval.html

</doc>
<doc id="36794723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794723" title="Happy Wheels">
Happy Wheels

Happy Wheels is a ragdoll physics-based browser game created by Jim Bonacci in 2010. The game features several playable characters who use different, sometimes atypical vehicles to traverse the game's many levels. The game is best known for its graphic violence and the amount of user-generated content its players produce on a regular basis, with game maps shared on a public server.
Gameplay.
"Happy Wheels" tagline is "Choose your inadequately prepared racer, and ignore severe consequences in your desperate search for victory!" The actual mechanics of gameplay vary because of character choice and level design, despite the player always facing right. Characters can also eject from their vehicles.
The goal of the game also differs depending on the level. In most levels the goal is to reach a finish line or to collect tokens. Many levels feature alternate or nonexistent goals for the player.
Reviewers have noted that "Happy Wheels" exhibits graphic violence in its gameplay. For instance, players can be decapitated, shot, or crushed by different obstacles. Loss of limb and animated blood loss are also graphic elements.
Players also have the choice to upload replays of their level attempts. Replays can then be viewed.
"Happy Wheels" features a level editor which allows players to create custom levels of their own. It contains a plethora of tools and objects for level building. Users can upload their maps to a public server where they are accessible.
Development.
Indie game developer Jim Bonacci, who was largely the programmer and artist for the game, began work on the game in 2006. Bonacci has said that his inspiration for the game came from other ragdoll physics-based games in the Flash community; his friend and former boss, Alec Cove, had made a verlet physics engine for flash. Bonacci said,
"I was messing around with it, and eventually created a guy in a wheelchair that would endlessly fall down a random hill. I thought it was funny and stupid, so I kept expanding on it. It was only meant to be a very small game, but eventually it became my main focus." 
In addition, he explained the violent nature of the game in terms of his frustration with how consequences of certain actions were not treated realistically in other game titles:
"It always bothered me when...you’d fall off your vehicle and harmlessly bounce around. In other cases, you would have the same canned animation over and over. I’m not sure if it was a lack of detail or concern on the part of the developer, but the consequences of your in-game actions were often improperly illustrated. For me, half of the fun of playing a game that imitates life (sort of), is making mistakes and seeing the end result."
Bonnaci also noted that because gameplay would often involve the player dying repeatedly, he put a great deal of effort into making that part of the game enjoyable.
The full version of "Happy Wheels" is only available on Bonacci's original website, and demo versions of the game are licensed to other websites. These demo versions only include featured maps and select characters. 
There are more than 6 million user generated levels.
Currently, the only other person who helps Bonacci work on the game is Jason Schymick, although others have contributed.
Reception.
"Happy Wheels" has received generally positive reviews. It has been recommended by GameSetWatch.com and considered one of the "Best Free Games" by IGN. Its level editor and amount of user-generated content have received praise from reviewers. The over-the-top nature of the violence is also considered humorous; one review stated that "It so genuinely difficult to play "Happy Wheels" and not just laugh and laugh at the ridiculous ways in which your character can be torn into pieces."

</doc>
<doc id="36794752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794752" title="Kimballton, Virginia">
Kimballton, Virginia

Kimballton is an unincorporated community in Giles County, Virginia, United States. Kimballton is located on Stony Creek northeast of Pearisburg. Virginia Tech's Kimballton Underground Research Facility, a low-background physics laboratory, is located in a mine in Kimballton.

</doc>
<doc id="36794774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794774" title="2012–13 Yokohama FC Hong Kong season">
2012–13 Yokohama FC Hong Kong season

The 2012–13 season is Yokohama FC Hong Kong's debut season in the Hong Kong First Division League. They will be competing in the Hong Kong First Division League, Senior Challenge Shield and the FA Cup.
Players.
Transfers.
In.
"Players who played for Sham Shui Po last season were not listed in the table below."
Matches.
Competitive.
First Division League.
Remarks:<br>
1 Home matches against Kitchee and South China are played at Mong Kok Stadium instead of their usual home ground Siu Sai Wan Sports Ground.<br>
2 Away match against Sunray Cave JC Sun Hei was originally played on 2 March 2013 but was postponed and rescheduled on 23 March 2013.<br>
3 The match was abandoned after 28 minutes due to adverse weather and bad pitch conditions.<br>
4 The replay of week 15 match against Yokohama FC Hong Kong was scheduled to be played at Siu Sai Wan Sports Ground on 4 April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36794801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794801" title="Oracle Advanced Security">
Oracle Advanced Security

Oracle Advanced Security extends Oracle Net Services in the field of database computing to provide network security, enterprise-user security, and public-key infrastructure security to users of Oracle databases.
History.
Former incarnations of Oracle Advanced Security include Secure Network Services and Advanced Network Services, dating back to Oracle database Release 7.

</doc>
<doc id="36794829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794829" title="Surfing in Australia">
Surfing in Australia

Surfing in Australia refers to the sport of Surfing played in Australia.
Governing Body.
Surfing Australia is the national sporting body that runs Surfing in Australia.
History.
Surfing was brought to Australia in 1915 by Hawaiian Duke Kahanamoku. He demonstrated this ancient Hawaiian board riding technique at Freshwater (or Harbord) in Sydney, New South Wales. Duke Kahanamoku's Board is now on display in the northeast end of the Freshwater Surf lifesaving club, Sydney, Australia. fitte
Demographics.
There are currently 2.5 million recreational surfers in Australia, 420,000 annual surf participants,107 surf schools, 2,292 accredited surfing coaches, 212 Affiliated Boatriders Clubs with 17,287 members, and over 1 in 10 Australians are surfers.

</doc>
<doc id="36794853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794853" title="A Grand Night for Swinging">
A Grand Night for Swinging

A Grand Night for Swinging is an album by American jazz guitarist Mundell Lowe featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars stating ""A Grand Night for Swinging" will be a real treat for fans unfamiliar with Lowe's earlier work, and a satisfying selection for fans of good jazz guitar".

</doc>
<doc id="36794854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794854" title="Staffordsville, Virginia">
Staffordsville, Virginia

Staffordsville is an unincorporated community in Giles County, Virginia, United States. Staffordsville is located along Virginia State Route 100 and Walker Creek south of Pearisburg. Staffordsville has a post office with ZIP code 24167.

</doc>
<doc id="36794875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794875" title="Michael Grossman (economist)">
Michael Grossman (economist)

Michael Grossman (born 1942) is an American health economist and economics professor at City University of New York Graduate Center (CUNY). He has directed the Health Economics Program at the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) since 1972. Grossman was an early contributor to New Home Economics (NHE).
Grossman received his bachelor's degree from Trinity College in 1962. He received his master's degree from Columbia University before completing his doctorate in economics in 1970. In 1966, Grossman was hired as a research assistant by Victor Fuchs at NBER. In 1972, he was hired by CUNY as a visiting assistant professor. He earned his professorship in 1978 and in 1988 became Distinguished Professor of Economics. From 1983 to 1995, he chaired the University's doctoral economics program.
Grossman is co-editor of the "Review of Economics of the Household" and was the inaugural recipient of the Victor Fuchs Award for Lifetime Contributions to the Field of Health Economics, presented by the American Society of Health Economists in 2008. His 1972 model of health production has been extremely influential in health economics. Grossman has argued for a causal relationship between schooling and health.

</doc>
<doc id="36794879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794879" title="Slobodan Vučeković">
Slobodan Vučeković

Slobodan Vučeković (Cyrillic: Слободан Вучековић, born 15 December 1953) is a Montenegrin football manager and former player.
Playing career.
Born in Danilovgrad, SR Montenegro, SFR Yugoslavia, he played most of the 1970s with FK Vojvodina in the Yugoslav First League, although he also had a spell in between with NK Maribor during the early 1970s. In NK Maribor he playes 58 matches scoring 26 goals While playing with Vojvodina he won the Mitropa Cup in 1977. In 1979 he moved abroad to France and played one season with SC Bastia in the Ligue 1. Later in 1981 he joined Greek top tier club Alpha Ethniki where he stayed until 1984.
Coaching career.
In 2012 he took charge as a coach of FK Srem in the Serbian League Vojvodina.

</doc>
<doc id="36794914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794914" title="Camillo Guerra">
Camillo Guerra

Camillo Guerra (Naples 21 May 1797 – 10 March 1874 Naples) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Naples, Italy.
Biography.
Born to a family of artists; his father, however, led a crew performing excavations at Pompei. Initially his father had wanted his son to become a lawyer, but Camillo became a student at the Royal School of Art under Costanzo Angelini .
In 1822, he won a prize that led him to a scholarship in Rome under Tommaso Conca, then under Vincenzo Camuccini. He was also influenced by Pietro Benvenuti and the reigning Neoclassicism. In 1829, he collaborated with E. Pistolesi in an eight-volume illustrated book about artifacts in the Vatican.
In 1827, he was nominated honorary professor of the Royal Institute of Art. In 1830, he was one of the artists that was commissioned to paint for the church of San Francesco di Paola. This neoclassic style church was meant by Francis I of the Two Sicilies to celebrate the restitution of the Bourbon dynasty and the expulsion of the Napoleonic Republic. Camillo’s contribution was an altarpiece depicting "Glory of St Joseph" (finished 1834). In 1834, he became professor at the Royal Academy. He painted a "Virgin dei Raggi" (now lost) for the church of San Nicola da Tolentino . For the former painting, he was paid 600 lira, and for the latter 400 lira. He painted an "Apparition of the Virgin to Phillip Neri" for the church of the Concezione, Naples. In the 1840s, with Gennaro Maldarelli, Filippo Marsigli, and Giuseppe Cammarano, he helped decorate rooms in the Royal Palace, now of the National Library in Naples (Biblioteca Nazionale Vittorio Emanuele III). Guerra frescoed the four "Seasons". From 1846 to 1852, he painted an imposing fresco of the "Celestial Paradise", harkening to a vision of St John the Evangelist, in the cupola of the Church of the Gerolomini (partly destroyed in 1943) 
He painted frescoes for the Bourbon dynasty in the palaces of Caserta and the Royal Palace of Naples. He painted the "Miracle of the Fishes" for the Cathedral of Caserta and "Life of St Paul" in the Aversa Cathedral. His nephew, Achille Guerra (Naples 18 June 1832 – 23 January 1903 Rome).

</doc>
<doc id="36794915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794915" title="Andrew Werner">
Andrew Werner

Andrew Steven Werner (born February 25, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Oakland Athletics organization. He made his MLB debut with the San Diego Padres
High School and College.
Werner graduated from Washington Community High School in 2005. He attended Illinois Central College in 2006 and 2007. He pitched for the University of Indianapolis in 2008 and 2009. On May 16, 2009, in his final game for the University of Indianapolis, Werner struck out 11 University of Southern Indiana batters in relief.
Professional career.
Independent Leagues.
Werner was never drafted. In 2009, Werner pitched for the Evansville Otters of the independent Frontier League. In 2010, Werner worked as the pitching coach for Eureka College, and then pitched for the Otters and the Windy City ThunderBolts, also of the Frontier League.
San Diego Padres.
Werner was signed by the San Diego Padres as an undrafted free agent after the 2010 season. In 2011, Werner pitched for the Fort Wayne TinCaps and the Lake Elsinore Storm. In 2012, he pitched for the San Antonio Missions and the Tucson Padres before being called up to the majors for the first time on August 22, 2012.
Oakland Athletics.
On November 16, 2012, Werner was traded to the Oakland Athletics with Andy Parrino for Tyson Ross and A.J. Kirby-Jones.
On December 4, 2013, Werner was designated for assignment by Oakland, to clear room on the 40-man roster for recently signed pitcher Scott Kazmir. Werner cleared waivers and was outrighted to Triple-A Sacramento.
Personal.
Werner got married to his wife, Melanie, in February 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36794920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794920" title="Nisga'a Elementary Secondary School">
Nisga'a Elementary Secondary School

Nisga'a Elementary Secondary School (or NESS) is a public K-12 school in Gitlakdamix, British Columbia, Canada. NESS is operated by School District 92 Nisga'a. It is the elementary school for Gitlakdamix as well as the designated secondary school for the area of the Nisga'a people in the Nass Valley, including the communities of Gitlakdamix (or New Aiyansh), Gitwinksihlkw (or Canyon City), Laxgalts'ap (or Greenville), Gingolx (or Kincolith), and surrounding settlements. Secondary grades-level students from outside of Gitlakdamix are bussed to the school each day.
In 2010 ninety-eight percent (98%) of students in the district were First Nations, primarily Nisga’a and others from northwestern British Columbia. In 2010-2011, 36.4% were classified as English as a second language (ESL) students.
In addition to core academic and physical education subjects, NESS offers courses in special education and in the Nisga'a language.
Since 2002, a high percentage of students have not met the school district's academic targets. Missed targets are in key areas such as mathematics, language, and school completion. In the 2001-2011 academic years, 50.1% of NESS students graduated. To address these problems, the school district announced in June, 2012 a district-wide restructuring. This will see NESS transform from serving students in K-12 to serving K-6 and grade 9-12, grade 7-8 classes will move to Laxgalts’ap, and more classes will be single-grade.

</doc>
<doc id="36794922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794922" title="US Airways fleet">
US Airways fleet

By the end of 2014, US Airways will maintain a nearly all-Airbus fleet, with the exception of some Boeing aircraft and a small fleet of Embraer jets. Most, if not all, of the airline's remaining Boeing jets are due for retirement near the end of the decade. These non-Airbus aircraft were being retained due to the union's minimum fleet size requirement. With the post-merger with American Airlines, US Airways continues to operate the largest fleet of Airbus aircraft in the world.
Current fleet.
Former America West Airlines fleet of Airbus A320 family aircraft uses IAE Engines while pre-merger US Airways fleet use CFM 56 Engines. US Airways will be bringing wireless streaming video to the domestic fleet through GoGo Vision, while the long haul fleet features overhead video (Boeing 757/767) or inseat AVOD (A330-200/300).
As of April 2014, the US Airways fleet consists of the following aircraft with an average age of 12.1 years: All airframes will be transferred to American Airlines once a Single Operating Certificate is awarded by the Federal Aviation Administration.
Fleet history.
Retired aircraft flown by USAir or US Airways included:

</doc>
<doc id="36794943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794943" title="Anthony Flynn">
Anthony Flynn

Anthony Flynn is the owner and founder of a customized nutrition bar company called YouBar. He is also an author, lecturer and guest speaker on customization in business and the food industry, and an expert in the field of social media promotions.
Early life and education.
Flynn attended Boston University and the University of Southern California, where he earned a Bachelor of Business Administration. He graduated in 2006, the same year he co-founded YouBar. 
YouBar.
Flynn's mother, Ava Bise, began making nutrition bars in 1998. Flynn himself began making nutrition bars when he was 18 years old. The two started swapping recipes, and neighbors and friends began requesting custom bars. Just before he graduated from university in 2006, he suggested to his mother that they open a custom energy bar company and supply their recipes and concept to customers on a large scale. They founded YouBar later that year. The business' kitchen made several moves, eventually settling in an 8,000 square-foot facility in downtown Los Angeles. YouBar has 30 employees, averages 1,250 visitors per day, and has received four-million pageviews since 2008. In 2008, YouBar sales doubled every month.
Speaking career.
Flynn regularly lectures on the customization revolution in the food industry. He has lectured at the University of Southern California, the University of California at Berkeley, and UCLA. He has been interviewed by the The Cooking Channel, KTLA, ABC, Fox News, The Today Show, E! News, The New York Times, and Women's Health. 
Custom Nation.
In 2012 Flynn published "Custom Nation", which became a "New York Times", "USA Today", and "Publisher's Weekly" Bestseller. The book, co-authored by journalist Emily Flynn Vencat, discusses the popularity and implications of customization in American culture.

</doc>
<doc id="36794974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794974" title="Joaquín Ibáñez, Baron de Eroles">
Joaquín Ibáñez, Baron de Eroles

Joaquín Ibáñez Cuevas y de Valonga, Baron de Eroles (1784 – 22 August 1825) led a Spanish division against Imperial France in a number of actions during the Peninsular War. A lawyer at the outbreak of war, he took command of guerillas who resisted the French occupation of his native Catalonia. He fought at Molins de Rey in 1808. Captured by the French at Gerona in 1809, he later escaped. By 1810 he led one of four regular divisions of the Army of Catalonia. In November 1810 he destroyed a French convoy at La Junquera. His men were driven off Montserrat Mountain on 25 July 1811. His division wiped out a French column at Col de Balaguer on 18 January 1812. Six days later he was badly beaten at Altafulla when he mistakenly attacked Maurice Mathieu's superior French force in a thick fog. On 5 March he defeated a French force that attacked him at Roda de Isábena. Later in the war he liberated a number of towns from the French. 
After the war he was admitted to the Royal Fine Arts Academy of Barcelona. A believer in absolutism, he opposed the Trienio Liberal in 1820 and retired to his estate before fleeing to France. He supported the reimposition of absolutist government by French intervention, called the Hundred Thousand Sons of St. Louis. He was appointed Captain General of Catalonia in 1823 but died in somewhat mysterious circumstances in 1825.

</doc>
<doc id="36794995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794995" title="Peter pan syndrome">
Peter pan syndrome

In psychology, Peter Pan Syndrome refers to younger generations' perceived unwillingness to grow up and their corresponding alleged immature behaviors (note: Peter Pan Syndrome is not a clinically recognised mental disorder). This syndrome is said to be most prevalent in the generation born in the mid-late 1980s and 1990s where the development of a sense of responsibility allegedly does not occur nearly as early as it used to. Possibly contributing factors might include over-protectiveness of modern parents, rising costs of living, and increased difficulty in finding satisfactory partners.
The name of the phenomenon was based on Peter Pan, a character who never ages and acts with carelessness and fearlessly cocky behaviors, created by Scottish novelist and playwright J. M. Barrie.
References.
Sources:

</doc>
