<doc id="36778964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778964" title="Jeff Civillico">
Jeff Civillico

Jeff Civillico (born in the early 1980s) is a juggler, corporate entertainer, and comedian. Based in Las Vegas, he headlines the comedy show "Comedy in Action" at The Quad Resort & Casino and was a guest performer at Nathan Burton's magic show.
Born in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania, Civillico became enamored with juggling after seeing a street performer in Boston when he was 11 years old. In his freshman year of high school, he founded the Juggling Club at Saint Joseph's Preparatory School, where he and other members would perform for free at nearby nursing homes and at a school for developmentally disabled children and young adults. In 1998 when he was 15, Civillico received a gold medal from the International Jugglers' Association, where he had competed in the junior division. He matriculated to Georgetown University, where he participated in the all-male a capella group The Georgetown Chimes, leading it in his senior year. He founded the Georgetown Performers' Union to allow fellow performing arts students to help each other. In 2005, he received a bachelor's degree in theology from the university.
Civillico moved to Las Vegas, Nevada, in 2009 to perform in the show "Amazed". Although the show did not last, Civillico remained in Las Vegas and landed a performing engagement at Nathan Burton's magic show. After about a year being a guest on Burton's show, he started his own show, Comedy in Action, produced by Burton, at a 100-seat venue at Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in the luxury mall The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. Civillico later moved to The Quad at a 700-seat venue. Reviewers of Comedy in Action generally had positive impressions of his show, praising him for his seemingly boundless energy, his ability to engage the audience, his prowess with making comical off-the-cuff remarks, and his juggling talent.
Personal life.
Jeff Civillico was born to Nicholas and Francine Civillico of Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania, and was the youngest of their three sons. His older brothers are John and Gene. For his pre-secondary education, Civillico attended Holy Child Academy in Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania, graduating from it in 1997, and Saint Joseph's Preparatory School in Philadelphia, graduating from it in 2001. As co-president of Holy Child Academy's student council in 1996 during the school's fundraising effort to assist those with HIV/AIDS, he urged fellow students and student groups such as the band and the choir to spend time with afflicted individuals. He started learning to juggling three balls when he was seven years old.
When he was 11, he and his family visited his brother who was attending Harvard University. During the visit, he was entranced by a street performer, juggler Peter Panic, at Harvard Square and vowed to become an entertainer. Selected by Peter Panic as a volunteer, Civillico found himself facing a large group of people, a feeling he said was "one of those defining moments". His parents gave him the book "Juggling for Complete Klutz" from Klutz Press, prompting him to begin honing his juggling skills. He joined the Philadelphia Juggling Club, which taught him some of the more challenging juggling tricks such as juggling five balls and passing clubs.
Civillico founded the Juggling Club at Saint Joseph's Prep in 1997 when he was a freshman and performed with other members for free at local nursing homes. As a 15 year old in 1998, Civillico earned a gold medal from the International Jugglers' Association after he competed in the junior division. With the stage name "Juggling Jeff Civillico", he worked in the summer of 1999 as a street performer at Baltimore's Inner Harbor. In a March 2000 interview with the "Delaware County Daily Times", Civillico noted that many people his age were as skilled as he at juggling. He distinguished himself from the others by considering himself not to be a juggler but primarily an entertainer or a performer, someone with a sense of humor. As a 16 year old in the 11th grade, his juggling act included a six-foot-tall unicycle and revolving plates. For his balancing routine, he used "rings, flaming torches, devil sticks, scarves and peacock feathers". In his trick with a 12-pound bowling ball, an apple, and a machete, he threw all three objects in the air, slashing the apple at the trick's end. In February 2000, he juggled for developmentally disabled children at Archdiocese of Philadelphia's Don Guanella School, where he is a frequent volunteer. He taught a student that the key to learning to balance a peacock feather was daily practice. The summer before 12th grade, he scored a job at Busch Gardens in Williamsburg, Virginia, as a street performer. With Sean McKelvey, his best friend and fellow student at Saint Joseph's Prep, he was hired to do six shows daily from June 25–August 15 and September 1–4. In March 2001, Civillico organized a benefit show for Philadelphia's Gesu Elementary School. In high school, Civillico listed drama as his primary extracurricular activity and saxophone, piano, guitar, and choir as secondary activities.
At Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., Civillico was deeply connected to the university's growing performing arts program. He was a member of The Georgetown Chimes, an all-male a cappella group. During his final year at the university, he served as the group's leader. He also founded the Georgetown Performers' Union, where students involved in performing arts could meet and assist each other in practicing. In 2005, Civillico received a bachelor's degree in theology from the university. In 2011, he served as the president of the Georgetown University Alumni Club of Las Vegas.
In a bid to raise $5000 for the special needs non-profit organization Special Kids, he participated on January 11, 2009, in the Walt Disney World Marathon for Team A.S.K. (Athletes for Special Kids). He simultaneously jogged and juggled three balls, in a sport commonly known as joggling. In the marathon's 16-year history, he was considered to be the first participant to joggle the full distance. In 2013, Civillico raised $10,000 from his friends to participate in the Special Olympics Nevada charity event Over the Edge, which required a minimum donation of $1,000 for participants to rappel down the 350-foot tall Planet Hollywood building. In October 2013, he was the host of Caesars Got Talent, a fundraising event held to benefit Opportunity Village, a Las Vegas non-profit organization that serves the intellectually disabled. Stephen Ruiz of the "Orlando Sentinel" noted that if Civillico had applied his theology degree, he would not likely have done the marathon. Civillico said: 
Civillico is a member of the Tri-Junkies in Celebration, a triathlon association. Regarding his passion, he said that "juggling was the perfect combination of art and sport. It requires you to be in shape, but you can be creative. The air is your canvas."
Career.
In 2008, Civillico performed at Modesto's Gallo Center for the Arts, in what journalist Lisa Millegan of "The Modesto Bee" termed a "special brand of kinetic comedy with juggling, balancing and unicycling". Hollywood's The Magic Castle founder Milt Larsen said Civillico was one of the greatest jugglers he has encountered.
A January 2009 article in the "Orlando Sentinel" noted that Civillico performed 200 times every year for Disney Cruise Line and at numerous corporate occasions. He has performed at the White House and the Kennedy Center, as well as at Atlantis Paradise Island at Nassau, Bahamas. Civillico has performed in Springfield, Illinois; Modesto, California; Springdale, Arkansas; Mohegan Sun Arena, Connecticut; and Tampa, Florida. He has also led "team-building" seminars for Wachovia, OSHA, Anheuser-Busch, Harley-Davidson, and Honda. Civillico is the marketing director for the Las Vegas chapter of the National Speakers Association.
In 2009, Civillico traveled to Las Vegas, Nevada, to entertain people in the ephemeral show "Amazed". He remained in Las Vegas and landed a 12-minute specialty act at Nathan Burton's magic show. Civillico told the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" in May 2012 that audience members found his performance so memorable that they asked Burton and Civillico whether Civillico had his own show. Based on this feedback, the two found a location for Civillico at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino located in the luxury mall The Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. Relying primarily on advertising from Burton's show and having nearly no paid promotion, Civillico's show drew nearly capacity crowds for the 100-seat place. Civillico emphasized in a May 2012 interview with the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" that his show was not merely about juggling but "all about the connection with the audience and the fun, playful character".
Comedy in Action.
His show, Comedy in Action, was transplanted to The Quad (then called the Imperial Palace) on May 26, 2012. Civillico initially continued to perform at Burton's magic show where his show was promoted. After Burton, Comedy in Action's first producer, moved from Caesars Entertainment to Saxe Theater in Miracle Mile Shops in October 2012, Civillico began producing his own show. When the show began, Civillico said, "You know you're a big deal in Vegas when you do your own introduction." For the first six months, Comedy in Action was a one-man show; Civillico had no assistants or showgirls with him. In December 2012, Alonzo "Turf" Jones, a hip-hop dancing contortionist who competed on America's Got Talent's seventh season, became Civillico's opening act. Jones and Civillico teamed up as opener and headliner following Jones' performance at a Win-Win Entertainment charity event Civillico hosted.
"Las Vegas Review-Journal"s Mike Weatherford in a June 2012 review called Civillico's early act in the show "one of the most memorable bits". Civillico selects two male volunteers from the audience ("two strong beasts of men") to assist him to mount his unicycle. Weatherford described the act as the "dudes (and it would only work with guys) become uncomfortably familiar with both the front and back of Civillico's crotch, before they all help each other mouth-catch marshmallows". Weatherford was awed at Civillico's "agility as well as the speed of ad-lib". After a marshmallow ricocheted off the stage, an audience member grabbed it and flung it into Civillico's jaws. Civillico said, "You just got his DVD", and gave the audience member the DVD present that was originally going to be given to the fumbling volunteer.
In an August 2012 review in the weekly magazine "Today in Las Vegas", reviewer Christina M. Parmelee found that Civillico "feeds on the reluctant and uses that for his comedic fodder", converting the "most uptight audience member a die-hard fan at the end". Parmelee noted that Civillico's "remarkable rapport" with the audience is essential to executing a successful show; he relies on participants from the audience to make the shows "personal and memorable". She concluded that "[enjoying every minute as a headliner in Las Vegas, Civillico thrives on the chance to just be his ridiculous self."
VEGAS.com reviewer Caroline Fontein said that Civillico's "self-deprecating humor makes him both relatable and amusing". She praised his juggling skills, writing that he juggles "glow-in-the-dark laser balls and pins" that morph into a variety of colors, generating the optical illusion that he has two pairs of hands. Fontein also commented that Civillico's "high side kick followed by an exaggerated wedgie pull" comprised some of his "odd signature moves", making him the "definition of zany" and generating an enjoyable spectacle. "Today in Las Vegas" reviewer Laura Damian wrote in February 2013 that he has "the energy of a hummingbird and the comedic timing of a veteran street performer" and "has a way of seamlessly integrating members of his audience into his show in a way that's original, charming and hilarious". In 2013, Comedy in Action was selected by "USA Today" as one of the "Best of Las Vegas Kid-Friendly Attractions". Reviewer Hilary Billings wrote in "USA Today": "Praise to Jeff for not only mesmerizing little humans with his mad juggling skills, but for giving the parental units something to laugh about."
In August 2012, Civillico used the tools of crowdsourcing and the Internet to persuade his fans to donate to his $10,900 "The People's Arch" project. Designed by Andy Walmsley, the high by wide inflatable arch was intended as his show's centerpiece. In the opening act, the arch explodes out of a flight case and in 20 seconds swells to its entire breadth.
The pilot episode of Civillico's proposed show on Travel Channel, "Vegas Strip Search", aired on April 6, 2013. During the episode, he visited four locations, namely Calgary, Canada (where he met a fire eater), Texas (where he met Adam Crack, a whipcracker), New Jersey (where he met a pogo-sticker), and Pennsylvania (where he met a chainsaw carver). The act he selected, the Texas whipcracker, performed in both "Vegas Strip Search" and his Las Vegas show Comedy in Action. A week after the pilot episode aired, the Travel Channel told the "Vegas Seven" that based on the ratings they were continuing to deliberate on whether to make "Vegas Strip Search" a series.
Win-Win Entertainment.
Civillico founded the non-profit organization Win-Win Entertainment, which matches charity organizations in want of amusement with entertainers wanting to give their time. Non-profit organizations find it difficult to have good entertainment at their fundraising events. They are stymied by the prohibitive cost of recruiting good entertainers. In addition, entertainers may be hesitant to perform for non-profit organizations. Inadequate equipment stemming from limited resources may prevent them from performing at their finest. Win-Win Entertainment addresses the problems by acquiring and setting up the stage, sound system, and other equipment necessary for the performer who in return performs for free. By November 2013, Win-Win Entertainment had hosted 25 events for charities.
The organizations helped by Win-Win Entertainment include the American Cancer Society, The Shade Tree Shelter, St. Jude's Ranch for Children, Nevada Partnership for Homeless Youth, and the Lili Claire Foundation.
The organization's second annual fundraiser, "The Headliner Bash 2013", was hosted by the John C. Kish Foundation. Performers and groups participating in the fundraiser included singer and impressionist Véronic DiCaire of Véronic Voices, "American Idol"s Taylor Hicks, comedy magician Mac King, Divas Las Vegas' Frank Marino, "junk rock" band Recycled Percussion, pop vocal group Human Nature, the Kristef Brothers, and the Las Vegas casts of the musicals "Jersey Boys" and "Million Dollar Quartet".
Social media.
Civillico has 10,000 Twitter followers on his @jeffcivillico account. He frequently networks with them and fans on his Comedy in Action Facebook page. The "Las Vegas Sun"s Ron Sylvester wrote in December 2012 that Civillico had received "top reviews" from Yelp and TripAdvisor.

</doc>
<doc id="36778968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778968" title="Aramu, Ilam">
Aramu, Ilam

Aramu (, also Romanized as Āramū and Armū) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,408, in 501 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36778970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778970" title="German submarine U-334">
German submarine U-334

German submarine "U-334" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 16 March 1941 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as 'werk' 206, launched on 15 August and commissioned on 9 October under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Hilmar Siemon. During her career, the U-boat sailed on four combat patrols, sinking two ships of 14,372 GRT, before she was sunk on 14 June 1943.
She was a member of three wolfpacks.
Service history.
After training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, she moved to the 3rd flotilla for front-line service in March 1942. She was reassigned to the 11th flotilla in July.
1st patrol.
"U-334"s maiden patrol saw the U-boat sail into the Greenland Sea; it was then marred by the loss overboard of 19-year old "Matrosengefreiter" Otto Mayerhof in the Barents Sea on 13 April 1942, a day before the submarine docked at Trondheim in Norway.
2nd patrol.
Her second foray was split into two parts. During the second, longer portion, the boat sank the "William Hopper", a former member of the notorious convoy PQ 17 on 4 July 1942. The ship had already been badly damaged in an air attack. In a scuttling attempt, she was fired-on by a British escort vessel, but stubbornly refused to sink. Later that same day, "U-334" fired two 'coup de grâce' torpedoes at the ship; the first was defective, the second missed. The wreck was eventually sunk by fire from the boat's deck gun.
The following day (5 July 1942), she sank the "Earlston", also a member of the ill-fated convoy. She too, had already been damaged by bombs. "U-334" was also subject to attack from the air that day; a Ju 88 damaged the steering gear and rendered the U-boat unable to dive. was obliged to escort "U-334" to Neidenfjord.
She then sailed from Neidenfjord to Trondheim, arriving on 14 July.
3rd patrol.
Sortie number three took the boat north of Iceland and into the Norwegian Sea, finishing at Narvik.
4th patrol and loss.
Following short trips from Narvik to Trondheim and Trondheim to Bergen, the submarine commenced her fourth patrol from Bergen on 5 June 1943. She passed through the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands. She was sunk by depth charges from the British frigate and the sloop southwest of Iceland.
Forty-seven men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36778981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778981" title="Thomas Dover">
Thomas Dover

Thomas Dover, M.D. (1660–1742), sometimes referred to as "Doctor Quicksilver", was an English physician. He is remembered for his common cold and fever medicine Dover's powder, his work with the poor in Bristol, and his privateering voyage alongside William Dampier and Woodes Rogers that rescued castaway Alexander Selkirk, the real-life inspiration for Robinson Crusoe.
Early life and education.
Dover was born in Barton-on-the-Heath, England in 1660, the son of a gentleman farmer, one of eight children. He moved to Oxford to continue his education and achieved his Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degree before transferring to Cambridge and continuing in what was considered at the time to be a better university for medical training. In 1687, he completed his Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery.
Career.
He studied medicine under Thomas Sydenham in Pall Mall, London. During this time, he contracted smallpox and was treated with the "cooling method" by Sydenham, described by Dover in his 1732 book "Ancient Physician's Legacy to his Country":
"I had no fire allowed in my room, my windows were constantly open, my bedclothes were ordered to be laid no higher than my waist. He made me take twelve bottles of small beer, acidulated with spirit of vitriol, every twenty-four hours."
Dover married in 1681 and soon returned to Barton-on-the-Heath when his father became ill, taking care of the farm and working as a country practitioner. When his father died in 1696, Dover moved to Bristol, where he set up his own practice and worked with the Bristol Corporation of the Poor as an honorary physician at St. Peter's Hospital. There, he assisted the "Guardians of the Poor" with their poor relief efforts, becoming the first medical practitioner to offer services to the organisation.
Dover's own practice proved very lucrative. Bristol was a large city with very few physicians and many wealthy merchants and tradesmen. The spread of typhus added to his client list and meant that Dover was seeing up to 25 patients a day. He was soon able to afford his first house in the fashionable Queen Square, home also to Woodes Rogers, a sea captain with whom Dover would embark on a new career.
Privateering expedition.
In 1702, Dover took a trip to the West Indies. This adventure clearly resonated with him; and, in the following years, he organised a more permanent career change. In 1708, William Dampier arrived in Bristol hoping to secure a new privateer mission to capture a Spanish treasure ship. Dover bought into the plan, becoming part owner and second captain of the "Duke", a privateer under the command of Rogers. The doctor was styled "Captain Dover", having contributed £3,312 to the voyage, the second largest amount of thirty investors. Alongside this responsibility, Dover was given the role of president of the expedition council, allowing him two votes in all debates. There were four surgeons, and he had no medical charge, but would need his skills later in the voyage.
On 1 August 1708, the "Duke" set sail alongside the "Duchess" on a privateering voyage. On 2 February 1709, a light was seen on the Juan Fernández Islands, and Dover led a landing party to investigate its source. They discovered a fire lit by Alexander Selkirk, a Scottish sailor left on the island in 1705 because he considered the ship he was aboard, the "Cinque Ports", as not being seaworthy. The "Cinque Ports" was part of an expedition led by Dampier, which stopped for supplies at the archipelago. Selkirk's beliefs proved to be well founded; the ship sank one month later with few survivors. His four-year stay on the island and eventual rescue were the inspiration for the novel "Robinson Crusoe" written by Daniel Defoe, a friend of Woodes Rogers.
In April 1709 Dover led a landing party with entirely different intentions. The two ships encountered the city of Guayaquil in what is now Ecuador, and a raiding party was sent in. Dover's command was successful, and only two members of the crew were lost in the attack. However, around 180 of those on the ships became extremely ill after digging up the town's graves in search of items of value. Dover returned to his medical roots and directed the surgeons in their work, ordering them to bleed the ill in both arms and to give them a diluted sulphuric acid drink. This regimen proved successful, and only a handful of sailors died.
At one point during the voyage, the ships visited Java, where Dover would sell the "Marquis", a captured ship, to Captain Opie. Opie would cross paths with Dover again later in life when he met and married Dover's daughter. The voyage was coming to an end when the privateers captured another prize whose captaincy was, after a heated debate amongst the council members, given to Dover.
The three-year expedition arrived home, and the prizes were shared out between the investors. Dover received a total of £6,689 (worth about £ today), more than enough to secure a high position in society. The privateers had been labelled as pirates, but the enactment of The Prize Act in 1708 gave legal backing to their actions. However, he was not yet ready to settle and embarked on a holiday across Europe.
Return to medicine.
Dover re-established himself as a physician in Bristol before moving to Strand, London in 1720. Around this time his wife died and he lost most of his fortune due to bad investments including as much as £6,000 in the collapse of the South Sea Company. In 1721 he was successful in his application to join the Royal College of Physicians. His past experience of contracting smallpox and the care he received from Sydenham suddenly became particularly relevant when there was an outbreak in London, with Dover successfully replicating the "cooling method".
In 1729 he returned briefly to Bristol, spending much of his time writing a book that would become both successful and controversial. "The Ancient Physician's Legacy to his Country" was first published in 1732 after Dover had returned to London. He saw patients at the popular Jerusalem coffee house.
Dover's medical book was aimed at the education of physicians and the general public. He gives descriptions of around 120 diseases, writing from his experiences and detailing his adventures as though the book were a travelogue. Though he shows some degree of wisdom regarding pharmacology, his knowledge of medicine is described as being small while his descriptions of some diseases are presented in the "flimsiest fashion" and "outrageous inaccuracies are set down with no little dogmatism". Dover also makes many accusations of prejudice within the College of Physicians and writes several denigrating comments about his colleagues in general.
From his assertions in this book Dover acquired the nickname "Doctor Quicksilver". His recommendation of mercury (sometimes called "quicksilver") as a cure for numerous ills was challenged by several detractors. However, the popularity of the book and the forcefulness of Dover's character ensured that the use of mercury would be in vogue for many years. One anonymous report in 1733 challenges the use of the liquid metal as a cure for syphilis and starts hinting towards mercury poisoning:
"A young gentleman ... had the venereal disease caused by fast living. Dr Dover ordered the young gentleman to take crude mercury. At first he improved but later the patient had a violent dysentery which made an end of all his complaints and his life also".
The book was republished several times with the eighth and final edition being released twenty years after Dover's death. It was also translated into French. The lasting contribution from within its pages is Dover's powder, first recommended for its analgesic (painkilling) properties and then for its use as a diaphoretic (induces perspiration). The combination of opium, ipecacuanha, and potassium sulphate (later liquorice) was over time adjusted in the constituent quantities but was in use for over 200 years.
Retirement and death.
Dover's successes with his book and his powder helped to bring him back to financial solvency. In 1736 he moved into a house in Arundel Street with friend Robert Tracy, finally retiring in his eighties. He died there in 1742. Dover was buried in Stanway, Gloucestershire in the Tracy family vault. Glenside Hospital museum maintains an exhibition about Dover.

</doc>
<doc id="36778990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778990" title="E Bukura e Qiellit">
E Bukura e Qiellit

E Bukura e Qiellit () — sometimes referred to as a male figure I bukuri i qiellit — is an Albanian mythological creature. In modern times the word is a designation for God in Christian circles in Albania.
History.
This myth is believed to originate from the ancient Illyrian era when it was believed that three gods divided themselves into heaven (E Bukura e Qiellit), ocean(E Bukura e Detit) and underworld (E Bukura e Dheut).

</doc>
<doc id="36778997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36778997" title="Aramu, Iran">
Aramu, Iran

Aramu or Armu () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36779003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779003" title="Gordon Kurtti">
Gordon Kurtti

Gordon Stokes Kurtti (May 4, 1960 - April 18, 1987) was an American artist, writer, illustrator and performer. He was a seminal figure in the early East Village art scene of New York City's Lower East Side.
Kurtti’s prolific output – his crossing of visual art with literature, performance, and cinema – along with his connection to and activity within the nightclub milieu of the post punk "downtown" culture of New York City in the 1980s, when high culture merged with entertainment – is illustrative of the period before AIDS decimated an entire generation. In many opinions, such as that of writer Sarah Schulman, the loss of such potential arbiters as Kurtti changed the course of world culture forever.
Kurtti was a member of Allied Productions, a not-for-profit arts organization based in New York City. With Allied's collective umbrella as a resource and guide for social and aesthetic experimentation, he collaborated on performances, films and Arts in education workshops. Though his life was brief his output was relatively prolific - like many figures in this history of the fervent, feverish climate of New York City's Lower East Side in the '80s. He exhibited at ABC No Rio, Club Armageddon, Pyramid Club, 8BC and Life Café – the East Village hangout featured in Rent.
Background.
Kurtti was one of seven children born to Claire Marie Kurtti (née Stokes) and Jeremiah Joseph Kurtti in Yonkers, New York. He was shy and somewhat introverted but known for his love of reading and early artistic abilities. Gordon had a vivid imagination and an affinity for comic book art, monster movies and outer space. He grew up drawing elaborate spaceships complete with flight instructions and statistics. He admired and drew mythical heroes like Prince Valiant and was inspired by the first existentialist, Hamlet. He graduated from Yonkers Preparatory High School and was accepted into New York's School Of Visual Arts at a time when alumni such as Keith Haring were exploding onto the downtown New York scene. There he met and formed a lifelong friendship and artistic collaboration with classmate Kembra Pfahler.
Career.
Kurtti collaborated on various art projects with many of his peers placing him within the circle of second generation of co-directors at Abc No Rio that included Jack Waters, Peter Cramer, and Carl George, and Colab predecessors Bradley Eros and Aline Mare - then performing as the partnership Erotic Psyche. This circle also included the artists Valerie Caris, Leslie Lowe, Brad Taylor, Leslie Lowe, Richard Hofmann, and Tony Pinotti among others. With this grouping Kurtti frequently performed and presented his work at the Pyramid Club and Danceteria. In 1984 Pfahler and Kurtti organized The Extremist Show at ABC No Rio . This was a watershed exhibition that coincided with the introduction of many of New York's sub-culture artists and groups. Included in the Extremist Show curation was the resident dance company of the Pyramid Club P.O.O.L., The performance series Church of the Little Green Man, The Cinema of Transgression featuring the films of Nick Zedd, Lydia Lunch and Richard Kern, Borbetomagus and Redtape Magazine. Kurtti was influenced by all of these, and he in turn contributed to their impact through his creative activities and his presence in their fomentation.
Fashion.
After art school he began training as an illustrator for advertisers and the fashion industry for burgeoning designer Diane Pernet and worked in the art department of The Limited Company. He collaborated with Carl George on a showroom design for Yumi Katsura, Japan's pre-eminent wedding gown designer and again collaborated on the fashion show launch event featuring a young Brooke Shields. Kurtti designed the stage and room decor one of the first AIDS fund-raising events for the Henry Grethel menswear line in 1986.
Theater.
Gordon worked with theatrical producer Liz Dunn to create °∞One Night Stands°± at La Mama Caberet in Ellen Stewart's legendary La MaMa Experimental Theatre Club. He adopted the pseudonym Sketch Louis for his on site illustrations capturing performers like Hapi Phace, Edgar Oliver, Lypsinka (AKA John Epperson), Samoa, the theater group Watchface, Taboo! (AKA Stephen Tashjian), Kimberly Flynn among others. Kurtti also drew a spot-on caricature of Sam Shepard for the 1984 La Mama presentation of Shepard Sets, a series of three short plays: Suicide in B Flat, Angel City and Black Bog Beast. Kurtti proved himself to be a master of realist drawing with a wry sense of humor. Kurtti created and performed his work The Bearded Bride in the 1985 production Foho Tell Dreams at Danspace Project at Saint Mark’s Church.
Film.
Gordon was an early collaborator on many experimental film works by Carl George, Jack Waters, Bradley Eros and Leslie Lowe and Brad and Brian Taylor. He, like most of his art friends, wore many hats from cameraman to set designer to lead actor. Sets often consisted of whatever was found on the street and easily painted, hung or reconfigured. Costumes were assembled from thrift shop racks, flea market finds or abandoned closets. The preferred medium was Super-8 film easily cut and edited on a kitchen table. Screenings were organized through Naked Eye Cinema, the media branch of Allied Productions and took place at The Film-Makers' Cooperative, Millennium Film Workshop, Anthology Film Archives, ABC No Rio, abandoned lots, alleys and nightclubs. Many of the films including The Lost 40 Days and La Belle Fleur and DHPG Mon Amour by Carl M. George and Nocturnes and The Blond Leading The Blond by Jack Waters now reside in the permanent collections of The New York Public Library, The Library of Congress, The Museum of Modern Art, NYC, and other important collections and archives.
The film and moving image works in which Kurtti appears and in whose production to which he principally contributed are in the collections of Anthology Film Archives, The Film Makers Cooperative, the Reserve Film and Video Collection of the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts and the Downtown Collection of New York University’s Fales Library.
Kurti’s life and work are the subject of an archival, preservation, and distribution project by Allied Productions, Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="36779004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779004" title="Abhar-e Pain">
Abhar-e Pain

Abhar-e Pain (, also Romanized as Abhar-e Pā'īn) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 914, in 181 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779007" title="List of Ruža vjetrova characters">
List of Ruža vjetrova characters

A list of characters from the RTL Television soap opera "Ruža vjetrova".
Current characters.
Dragica Odak.
Dragica Odak is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from episode 5 by actress Jasna Malec Utrobičić.
Jakov Odak.
Jakov Odak is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 by actor Tomislav Čubelić.
Marica Odak.
Marica Odak is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 by actress Mirela Brekalo.
Mila Visković.
Mila Visković is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from episode 49 on by actress Marija Omaljev-Grbić.
Nives Odak.
Nives Odak is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 by actress Nives Ivanković.
Petar Odak.
Petar Odak is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from episode 153 on by actor Slavko Sobin.
Sara Matošić.
Sara Matošić is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 by actress Petra Cicvarić.
Stipe Odak.
Stipe Odak is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 by actor Stojan Matavulj.
Suzana Matošić.
Suzana Matošić is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 by actress Branka Pujić.
Suzana Matošić is the mother of female protagonist of "Ruža vjetrova". She is a woman with an expressed sense of fairness. During the last twenty years she has been working as a lawyer. She believes that her clients are all innocent until proven otherwise, but she doesn't feel the same thing for Odak family. She installed the same life principles to her oldest child, Srđan who is also a lawyer. He is the realization of all of her wishes, strong, decisive and a fair man. Suzana likes to have things under control which leads to constant conflicts with the free-spirited daughter Sara and her husband Milivoj. Despite her strength and resolve, she needs security and support within the family.
In the beginning of the show, Suzana was in court defending her client, a criminal Zhilich who was jailed for 3 years. He vowed revenge upon her and her family. She was worried when her daughter Ines went missing in the storm, but was relieved when she was saved. Although she sympathizes Marko, she is not very fond of his father and his aunt. She and Nives often clashed during the wedding preparations.
She is aware of her husband's love affairs but doesn't want to end the marriage due to her traditional upbringing. She doesn't know that one of Milivoj's mistresses is Ana, her daughter's best friend. When Ines got kidnapped on the night of her wedding, Suzana blamed Stipe but later realized that maybe Zhilich, her former client was behind the whole thing.
Former characters.
Adrijana Jelavić.
Adrijana Jelavić is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character was played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 to May 29, 2012 by actress Tamara Šoletić.
Ana Antolović.
Ana Antolović is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character was played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 to April 3, 2012 by actress Matea Elezović.
Edo Jelavić.
Edo Jelavić is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character was played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 to April 13, 2012 by actor Juraj Aras.
Ines Matošić.
Ines Matošić-Odak is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character was played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 by actress Anja Alač.
Ines Matošić-Odak is a cheerful, smiling and intelligent protagonist of "Ruža vjetrova". From her father she inherited the serenity and from her mother her determination. She still naively believes in people's intentions. The family has always been very protecting and she didn't had a chance to see the "dark side" of human nature. From the moment her fate pushed her in Marko's arms, her life begins to change dramatically. She was forced to grow up when she entered the life of Odak family. Ines is a mediator between Suzana and Milivoj whose marriage is in danger due to Milivoj's numerous affairs. She completed the college of design and specialized in interior design. After completing high school, she had a longer relationship with Filip. Her best friend is Ana.
She met Marko Odak, the love of her life, during the storm while she was having trouble with her boat. He rescued her from drowning and they were stranded for a couple of days on a small island with a lighthouse on it. They were dating for a year and got engaged shortly before their first anniversary. Ines almost broke off the engagement when she found out that Marko could be involved in his father's corrupted businesses. Marko denied the accusations and the two got together again. Marko promised that his family won't interfere with his new life.
Ines and Marko were married on September 1'st surrounded by their families and friends. The happiest day of their lives turned into a nightmare when Ines was kidnapped by abductors commanded by Stipe, Marko's father. She was almost raped by one of the abductors. The leader of the team killed the above mentioned abductor and Ines was safe, for a while.
After a few days of desperation, Marko and Srđan, Ines's brother found out where the thugs were hiding Ines and decided to rescue her. Both armed, they broke in the little house where Ines was held and they manage to rescue her.
Luka Knežević.
Luka Knežević is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character was played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 to March 15, 2012 by actor Jadran Grubišić.
Marko Odak.
Marko Odak is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character was played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 to June 7, 2012 by actor Matko Knešaurek.
Marko Odak is a good hearted protagonist of "Ruža vjetrova". Handsome, charming and communicative. Principled, strong and ready to protect those he loves at the expense of his own life. Not a man of words, but deeds. Stipe's successor, Marko is the pride of his father and his mother Marica. In his youth, his behavior was typical for an Odak man, but after puberty he realized the error of his conduct. He finished school and enrolled in the Faculty of Economics. Marko is a stable man who will sacrifice anything to fight for his love, even in situations when the battle seems lost.
He met Ines Matošić, the love of his life, during the storm while she was having trouble with her boat. He rescued her from drowning and they were stranded for a couple of days on a small island with a lighthouse on it. They were dating for a year and got engaged shortly before their first anniversary. Ines almost broke off the engagement when she found out that Marko could be involved in his father's corrupted businesses. Marko denied the accusations and the two got together again. Marko promised that his family won't interfere with his new life.
Ines and Marko were married on September 1'st surrounded by their families and friends. The happiest day of his life turned into a tragic one when Ines was kidnapped by abductors commanded by Stipe, Marko's father. Marko doesn't know that his father is behind the kidnapping of his wife.
After a few days of desperation, Marko and Srđan, Ines's brother found out where the thugs were hiding Ines and decided to rescue her. Both armed, they broke in the little house where Ines was held and they manage to rescue her.
Milivoj Matošić.
Milivoj Matošić is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 by actor Frano Lasić.
Milivoj Matošić is the father of female protagonist of "Ruža vjetrova". He is a trained architect who has neglected his profession. Milivoj is the typical extrovert, optimistic, charming and always manages to create a comfortable atmosphere. He is a charmer of the old school and he knows how to say the right thing at the right time. Milivoj lives for the pleasure, but also neglects the needs of his family.
In the beginning of the show, Milivoj was shown deeply upset over his daughter's disappearing. He approves the marriage between Marko and Ines, although he doesn't show the minimum of interest into paying the wedding.
Although he respects and loves his wife, he has occasional affairs with other women. Most recently he spent a romantic night with Ana, his daughter's best friend.
Nika Jelavić.
Nika Jelavić is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character was played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 to May 29, 2012 by actress Petra Krolo.
Srđan Matošić.
Srđan Matošić is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character is played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 by actor Robert Kurbaša.
Srđan Matošić is the brother of female protagonist of "Ruža vjetrova". He is a lawyer, a pride and successful copy of his mother Suzana. Srđan is a real fighter for the ideals. He was a good student. His best friend is Filip, his sister's former boyfriend. Working in the County Attorney's office, he is surrounded by corruption and morally questionable characters. Despite everything, he remains firm. Although he is a successful lawyer, he failed in his private life. He never had much success with girls since childhood. Currently he is involved with Ana, the same girl his father had a one-night stand. Milivoj and Srđan don't have a close relationship since they don't have much in common.
In the beginning of the show, Srđan was the opposing lawyer in the case against the criminal Zhilich, the same case his mother was working on. He was deeply preoccupied when his sister went missing in the sea during a storm. He is not interfering in his sister's relationship with Marko although he isn't Marko's biggest fan either. he intends to bring Marko's father Stipe to justice due to his illegal businesses.
When Ines got kidnapped, he did everything to find her. He received an anonymus call from one of the kidnappers and he found out where they were hiding his sister. With Marko's help, armed with guns he rescued his sister from the abductors.
Toni Jelavić.
Toni Jelavić is a fictional character on Croatian soap opera "Ruža vjetrova (Wind fall)". The character was played from the show's debut on August 29, 2011 to May 29, 2012 by actor Roko Sikavica.

</doc>
<doc id="36779009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779009" title="Adnatoceras">
Adnatoceras

Adnatoceras is a mid Devonian to Pennsylvanian orthoconic nautiloid cephalopod included in the pseudorthocerid family Spyroceratidae, characterized by tubular, straight-sided, siphuncle segments that expand abruptly at the septal foremena. In some species the siphuncle segments become more ovoid in the later grow stages. The name "Adnatoceas" comes from the wide area of contact, or adnation, between the connecting ring and flared out brim of the cyrtochaoanitic septal neck.

</doc>
<doc id="36779015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779015" title="Anarhar">
Anarhar

Anarhar (, also Romanized as Ānārhar) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779020" title="Asiavaleh, Ilam">
Asiavaleh, Ilam

Asiavaleh (, also Romanized as Āsīāvaleh) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779035" title="John Hazlitt">
John Hazlitt

John Hazlitt (13 May 1767 – 16 May 1837) was an English artist who specialised in miniature portrait painting. He was the elder brother of William Hazlitt – a major essayist of the English Romantic period, as well as an artist and radical social commentator – and had a significant influence on his career.
Life.
Hazlitt was born in Marshfield, Gloucestershire, the son and first-born child of the Reverend William Hazlitt, a Unitarian minister, and Grace Loftus Hazlitt. After living in Maidstone in Kent, and in Bandon in County Cork, the family moved to America in 1783, living first in Philadelphia and then in Boston.
In Boston, John Hazlitt attempted to found a drawing school with Joseph Dunkerley, but the pair failed to attract enough subscribers. After trying to earn a living as a painter in Salem, he returned to England with the rest of his family in 1787. His parents and younger siblings settled at Wem in Shropshire, but Hazlitt moved to London, where he studied painting under Sir Joshua Reynolds and became reacquainted with William Godwin, a radical philosopher and novelist. In 1788, he exhibited four miniature portraits derived from the work of Reynolds at the Royal Academy, and would exhibit paintings every year until 1819. In May 1789, he married Mary Peirce of Portsea, Portsmouth at St Anne's Church, Soho, and went on to paint several miniature portraits of her. He also painted the portraits of Mary Lamb, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Joseph Priestley and Edward Jenner. Furthermore, his acquaintanceship with figures such as John Thelwall, Thomas Holcroft, John Stoddart, Charles Lamb and William Godwin meant that it may have been through his brother that William Hazlitt first encountered men who would have an important influence on his career as a writer. When William Hazlitt first travelled to London, he lived with his brother John; and it was John who taught him the art of painting, which he would practise with some success.
In 1815, Hazlitt applied for an associateship at the Royal Academy, but did not receive a single vote in support. It is possible that William Hazlitt's strident criticism of the Academy contributed to this failure. John Hazlitt's response was to return to the alcoholism which had blighted his career.
John Hazlitt remained a political radical throughout his life, and held views which were even stronger than those of his brother. Following his death in 1837, the "Gentleman's Magazine" published the following obituary:
"May" 16. At Stockport, in his 70th year, Mr. John Hazlitt, portrait painter, elder brother to William Hazlitt, the eloquent critic and essayist. His connection with Stockport commenced in May 1832, and there are a great many portraits of his execution in that town. He possessed great conversational ability, and was distinguished for the extent of his information and versatility of his powers; but was, like his brother, of an irritable temperament.
Some of Hazlitt's surviving miniatures are held by Maidstone Museum and Art Gallery. William Bentley, an American Unitarian minister, owned many of Hazlitt's works, and it is possible that these were donated to the American Antiquarian Society in 1819.

</doc>
<doc id="36779043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779043" title="Banhalan-e Bala">
Banhalan-e Bala

Banhalan-e Bala (, also Romanized as Bānhalān-e Bālā; also known as Bānhalān) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 250, in 47 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779049" title="Dialight">
Dialight

Dialight plc is a British-based electronics business specialising in light-emitting diode lighting for hazardous locations. It is headquartered in Newmarket and operates in North America, the United Kingdom and mainland Europe. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange.
History.
The business was founded in 1938 and became part of the North American based Philips in 1963. In 1990, through a management buyout, it became part of Roxboro Group, which was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1993. In 2005 it was renamed Dialight.
Operations.
The company has three divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="36779056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779056" title="Barry Railway Class G">
Barry Railway Class G

Barry Railway Class G were 0-4-4T steam tank locomotives of the Barry Railway in South Wales. They were designed by J. F. Hosgood, built by both Vulcan Foundry and Sharp Stewart and were introduced in 1892. Initially used for the Barry to Cardiff suburban service, they were transferred to passenger duties on the main line between Barry and Porth as well as the service between Pontypridd Graig and Cardiff Clarence Road, once the ‘J’ class had displaced them on the Barry to Cardiff run. The company insisted that their passenger locomotives should be smartly turned out and the ‘G’ class was no exception. The locomotives passed to the Great Western Railway in 1922. None survived into British Railways ownership and none have been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="36779062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779062" title="Chenar-e Jafari">
Chenar-e Jafari

Chenar-e Jafari (, also Romanized as Chenār-e Ja‘farī) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779068" title="S.L. Benfica (canoeing)">
S.L. Benfica (canoeing)

The S.L. Benfica canoeing is the men's and women's canoeing section of Portuguese club S.L. Benfica. It was created in mist of Benfica's "Olympic Project", set to develop athletes to represent Portugal in the Summer Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36779076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779076" title="Gavan, Ilam">
Gavan, Ilam

Gavan (, also Romanized as Gāvān) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779079" title="Khvosh Qadam">
Khvosh Qadam

Khvosh Qadam (, also Romanized as Khowsh Qadam and Khūsh Qadam) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 106, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779082" title="Porthdinllaen Lifeboat Station">
Porthdinllaen Lifeboat Station

Porthdinllaen Lifeboat Station ("Welsh" Gorsaf Bad Achub Porthdinllaen) is an RNLI-operated lifeboat station in the coastal village of Porthdinllaen, within the community of Dwyfor on the Llŷn Peninsula, Gwynedd, North Wales
History.
In the 19th century, North Wales lacked good roads, and so the sea was the easiest way to access many places. Porthdinllaen, on the northern coast of the Llŷn peninsula, with its sheltered north facing bay, became important as a harbour of refuge and a busy port, with over 700 ships passing through the port in 1861.
On the night of December 2/3 1863, 18 ships that had been sheltering in Porthdinllaen bay were driven ashore and wrecked. Robert Rees of Morfa Nefyn tied a rope around his waist and, with the help of 4 other men, succeeded in saving 28 lives. For his gallantry on that occasion, Rees was awarded the Bronze Medal from the Board of Trade and the Thanks on Vellum by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI).
After storms subdued, the Reverend Owen Lloyd Williams, Vicar of Boduan, wrote to the RNLI in London to ask for a lifeboat station to be established at Porthdinllaen. After an inspection of the area in February 1864 by Captain J.R.Ward, and his fully supporting recommendation report, the establishment of a lifeboat station was approved by the RNLI on 3 March 1864.
The proposal was to establish both a stone boat house and stone slipway, and to protect the structure to allow safe launching of the lifeboat from the prevailing westerly winds through creation of a protective seawall. After accepting an estimate of £140 for the works, local contractors were engaged. Instead of building a new lifeboat, the RNLI proposed to move and reallocate the existing lifeboat at Sea Palling in Norfolk, England. Built in 1858 as a 30ftx7ft6inch, 10 oared self-righter, after sailing to a boatyard in London she was altered and lengthened to a 36ftx8ft, 12 oared self-righter at a cost of £198.
Conveyed from London to Caernarfon free of charge by the London & North Western Railway, she was then sailed south to Porthdinllaen, arriving on 26 August 1864. The boat was made possible by a donation of £250 by Lady Cotton-Sheppard (née Elizabeth Cotton of Thornton Hall, Oxfordshire), the third that she had underwritten. The boat hence was named "Cotton Sheppard" in a ceremony conducted by new vicar, The Rev. John Hughes who also became the stations Honorary Secretary, on 9 September 1864. The first coxswain was his brother Hugh Hughes.
Operations.
Manned constantly since, Porthdinllaen Lifeboat Station is the only lifeboat station where Welsh is the normally spoken language of the crew. The current coxswain is Mike Davies, who has served as coxswain since 2004.
The current Tyne class lifeboat "Hetty Rampton", in service since April 27, 1987, is currently being replaced by a new Tamar class lifeboat "John D Spicer". Funded by a bequest within the will and by agreement with the executors of the estate of John Dominic Spicer of Oxfordshire, who died in October 2010, the new boat will be temporarily kept on a mooring while work to build a new boathouse is undertaken.
Due to the size and scale of the new boat, a new lifeboat house and slipway is being constructed, due to open in 2013.
Visitor access.
This station is classed as an Explore lifeboat station by the RNLI, classed as those lifeboat stations which aim to offer the best visitor experience. Open all year round with free access, you can go inside and look around the station, see the lifeboat and visit the RNLI gift shop. When not on call, the station offers free access in the summer months, and pre-booked tours in the winter.

</doc>
<doc id="36779091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779091" title="Kolm-e Bala">
Kolm-e Bala

Kolm-e Bala (, also Romanized as Kolm-e Bālā and Kalam Bala; also known as Kolm-e ‘Olyā, Kulm, and Kuln) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 687, in 138 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779096" title="Hemiperfect number">
Hemiperfect number

In number theory, a hemiperfect number is a positive integer with a half-integral abundancy index.
For a given odd number "k", a number "n" is called "k"-hemiperfect if and only if the sum of all positive divisors of "n" (the divisor function, "σ"("n")) is equal to  × n.
Smallest "k"-hemiperfect numbers.
The following table gives an overview of the smallest "k"-hemiperfect numbers for "k" ≤ 17 :
For example, 24 is 5-hemiperfect because the sum of the divisors of 60 is

</doc>
<doc id="36779100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779100" title="Convergence (ABC convention)">
Convergence (ABC convention)

Convergence is an annual North American social gathering of gay men of size (chubs) and their admirers (chasers). The event is considered the longest running social gathering of its kind in North America and serves a particular community, also known as the Chubs and Chasers community; a vibrant sub-culture of the gay community at large. Convergence is held during the USA Labor Day holiday weekend. The event has a history that goes back to 1986, when the first Convergence was held in Seattle, Washington. Since then, the event has been hosted annually in different cities across North America.
Location.
Convergence is a "floating" event. The location for each year voted on by the Big Gay Mens Organization BGMO committee in response to proposals by member Girth and Mirth clubs.
Past Convergences have been held in:

</doc>
<doc id="36779106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779106" title="Sanand Plant (Tata Motors)">
Sanand Plant (Tata Motors)

Sanand Plant is a passenger vehicles manufacturing facility located in Sanand, Gujarat, India, and manufactures the world's cheapest automobile, the Tata Nano; and is owned and operated by Tata Motors, it is also their newest automotive manufacturing facility.
About.
Tata Motors’ plant for the Tata Nano at Sanand, located in the Ahmedabad district of Gujarat. The capacity of the plant, to begin with, will be 250,000 cars per year to be achieved in phases, and with some balancing is expandable up to 350,000 cars per year. Provision for further capacity expansion has also been incorporated in this location.
Built in a record time of 14 months starting November 2008, the integrated facility comprises Tata Motors’ own plant, spread over 725 acres, and an adjacent vendor park, spread over 375 acres, to house key component manufacturers for the Tata Nano.
In line with latest world-class manufacturing practices, the Sanand plant has been equipped with state-of-the-art equipment. They include sophisticated robotics and high speed production lines. The plant has energy-efficient motors, variable frequency drives, and systems to measure and monitor carbon levels. These are supplemented with extensive tree plantation, sustainable water sourcing through water harvesting and ground water recharging and using solar energy for illumination; all of this helps the plant to be more sustainable.
In June 2010, the first Nanos made at the plant rolled out from its main manufacturing plant at Northcote Cattle Farm. The construction time was a record breaking 14 months. The cost amounted to 20 Billion Indian Rupees (Ca. 200 Million Euro). During the starting period the production plant employed 2.400 staff. Including the indirect jobs around the plant there were about 10.000 people depending on the initial production. The plant has a capacity to manufacture 250,000 cars a year in the first phase, which will be scaled up to 500,000 cars a year. The project, including the main plant, vendor facilities and a railway transportation hub near Nidhrad Village, will together generate over 20,000 direct and indirect jobs. This plant uses land from Gujarat Agricultural University which was in the name of the Government of Gujarat.
Sanand Land Controversy.
The 1100 acres of land which was allotted to Tata Motors falls in the villages of Khoda and Bol in Sanand Taluka.
The government's move to acquire fertile agriculture lands for industry has agitated the farmers who are dependent on the lands for livelihood .
Ever since the notification regarding the acquisition was published by the state revenue department on December 4, farmers to be affected have been holding meetings in Haripura, Charal, Bol and Siyawada villages and have decided to launch an agitation against the acquisition of their lands.They don't want with their land which is fertile and give three crops a year because of irrigation from Narmada canal
One farmer Patel said."My extended family of more than 200 people will be workless if the source of our earning is taken away from us," he said ruefully, complaining about the government's move.According to him, the land is fertile and farmers grow paddy, wheat, pulses and vegetables. 
Farmers don't understand "why the government wants such fertile lands for industry," they asked.Even other farmers to be affected from the move echo similar feelings saying they will be rendered workless if their lands are taken away from them.
"We don't want compensation or any relief package in exchange of the land we are depended upon," Ramanbhai Patel, a farmer from Hirapur said, adding that the government should use waste land for industry. The farmers have suggested alternative sites where lands are barren and could be used for industry, he said.
[http://www.dnaindia.com/india/report-farmers-to-launch-protest-against-land-acquisition-in-gujarat-1321908]
According to one report:
Tata Motors paid Rs 900/sqm (US$ 81,000 per acre) to the Gujarat Government for the land in Sanand.
Automotive manufacturing is a globally competitive industry. For context purposes, the price paid by Tata may be compared with land prices elsewhere in the world:
Nano story of Sanand farmers.
Ahead of the assembly polls, in Sanand, the BJP stronghold, a section of farmers are feeling let down by the acquisition of land and many others are now struggling to find their feet in the new economy.
“I didn’t want to sell my land but the government left us with no alternative. I am a crorepati today but I have lost ancestral land where we grew multiple crops — rice, jowar, wheat. It was hard work but the only work we know,” said Rathod a farmer from Sanad
He is now wondering where to invest money, once his compensation which is in crores comes in and how to make sure that his 15-year-old son Kisan doesn’t get wasted.
Many of the farmers, who sold their land from seven other villages — Hirapur, Gokalpur, Charal, Siyawada, Bol — to GIDC much earlier and raked in lakhs have frittered away their compensation. 
“Not one person in my village has been hired by the plant, they mostly use labourers from UP and Bihar,” added Rathod, sitting outside his new house.
Lalji bhai Shankarji, another farmer who sold his land to GIDC, told HT, “There is development but more for industry and not for us farmers.Although we got good money for our land but lost our livelihood.”

</doc>
<doc id="36779118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779118" title="Kolm-e Pain">
Kolm-e Pain

Kolm-e Pain (, also Romanized as Kolm-e Pā‘īn and Kalam Pa’īn; also known as Kolm-e Soflá, Kūlm, Kūlm-e-Pā’īn, and Kūln) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779126" title="California Historical Landmarks in San Diego County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in San Diego County, California

A list including the properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmarks in San Diego County, Southern California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779166" title="Kolm">
Kolm

Kolm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36779175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779175" title="FastPencil">
FastPencil

FastPencil is an American self-publishing start up founded in 2008. They offer a web-based publishing engine that allows authors, publishers, and enterprises to create books in print and epub formats and have those books distributed online and in brick-and-mortar stores through partnerships with Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Ingram, and others. In 2013 FastPencil was acquired by Courier Corporation (NASDAQ: CRRC).

</doc>
<doc id="36779180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779180" title="Kuln">
Kuln

Kuln may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36779192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779192" title="Steve Miller (author)">
Steve Miller (author)

Steven Robert Miller (born September 24, 1957 in Buffalo, New York) is a Lansing, Michigan-based musician, journalist and Edgar Award-nominated author. His 2013 "Detroit Rock City (book)" reached #5 on Amazon.com in the rock and roll bestsellers category. 
Miller has worked as a metro reporter for the Dallas Morning News and as a national reporter for the Washington Times, as well as writing for People Magazine and U.S. News & World Report. He covered the auto industry for Brandweek Magazine and is currently an award-winning investigative reporter with Texas Watchdog.org. 
He has written and edited books on crime and music, including ""Girl, Wanted; The Chase for Sarah Pender,"" ""Nobody’s Women: The Crimes and Victims of Anthony Sowell, the Cleveland Serial Killer,"" ""Commando: The Johnny Ramone Autobiography"" and """". [http://www.lansingcitypulse.com/lansing/article-6189-from-rocker-to-writer.html]
"Detroit Rock City: The Uncensored History of Rock 'n' Roll in America's Loudest City," a book stocked with verbatim quotes from Detroit rock legends, hit stands in June 2013 [http://www.amazon.com/Detroit-Rock-City-Uncensored-Americas/dp/030682065X/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1365345466&sr=8-1&keywords=Detroit+Rock+City%3A+The+Uncensored+History]. The book received positive reviews from the Wall Street Journal, among other national and international publications.
Early Life.
Born in Buffalo, New York, the only child to Boyd and Julie Miller, a newspaper man and a high school teacher. Miller lived the itinerant life as a child until the family settled in Lansing, Michigan, where his father became a journalism professor at Michigan State University. [http://www.statenewswire.net/newsreleases/2012/06/journalist-steve-miller-speaks-about-government-co/]
Music.
Miller was vocalist in the punk rock band The Fix, which he co-founded in Lansing, Michigan. The band, the first signed to Touch and Go Records, was formed by Miller and bassist Mike Achtenberg. Miller was supposed to be the guitarist in the band when he and Achtenberg began assembling personnel in late 1979. But when guitarist Craig Calvert answered their ad posted in a laundromat, he was so good that any semblance of skill Miller had on guitar was useless; he agreed to sing rather than hang it up.
The Fix released two 7-inches, a single “Vengeance” b/w “In This Town” (March 1981) and the four-song "Jan’s Rooms" EP (January 1982), both on Touch and Go Records. The Fix also had a song, "No Idols," on the "Process of Elimination" EP. The first Fix single is among the most collectible hardcore records in the world, at one point fetching $4,250 on eBay.
The band was among the first of the hardcore units to tour the U.S., obtaining a contact list from Chuck Dukowski of Black Flag and Ken Lester, manager of D.O.A. On its first tour, in summer of 1981, the Fix played through Texas and the Southwest on up through San Francisco to Seattle and Vancouver before heading home. The Fix shared bills with Dead Kennedys, Flipper (band), D.O.A. and T.S.O.L. on that tour. The second tour later that year took the band again to San Francisco, with stops in New Orleans, where the Sluts opened, on to Phoenix for a show with Toxic Reasons. On New Year’s Eve, 1981, the Fix played a warehouse with Flipper, Dead Kennedys, Effigies, and Anti-Pasti. It would be the last Fix show. [http://www.chunklet.com/index.cfm?section=blogs&ID=641] 
In early 1982, Miller and Achtenberg formed Blight, a Flipper-esque post-hardcore band at a point that hardcore was exploding. They recruited Tesco Vee of The Meatmen as vocalist and performed a dozen shows in the Detroit area. Blight also recorded an EP in the basement studio of Corey Rusk, which was released in 1984. Miller in 1983 played guitar briefly in Strange Fruit, which also featured Steve Shelley of Sonic Youth on drums. [http://wbstyn.blogspot.com/2010/02/history-of-fix_05.html]
Journalism.
Miller began writing as a reviewer for Your Flesh magazine in 1991. The next year, while working as a shipping clerk at Viking Cases in St. Petersburg, Fla., Miller submitted a freelance story to the "St. Petersburg Times," which not only published it but paid him the equivalent of one week’s pay at Viking. Miller soon began writing for other area publications, including "Players," an entertainment weekly. Miller got his first newspaper job in McKinney, Texas, at the "McKinney Courier-Gazette" on the basis of a few clips from alternative newsweeklies, including the "Dallas Observer" and the "Houston Press."
After moving to the "Dallas Morning News," Miller covered cops and courts and also did some work for the state desk, including coverage of the Oklahoma City tornadoes in 1998. He moved to the Washington Times in 2000 as a national reporter. For the next four years, Miller covered some of the biggest stories in the U.S., including the six weeks of Recount 2000 in Florida, Hillary Clinton’s senatorial campaign in New York, and the riots during the Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles in 2000. He was one of the first journalists from outside of New York at Ground Zero in the wake of 9/11, coming into the shuttered city on a train that had been reserved for Amtrak employees to get home to New York the night of September 11. Miller also delivered a series on the rise of wealth among African-Americans in the U.S. which the "New York Times" presented as its nomination for the Pulitzer in 2001. Miller in 2006 joined "Brandweek Magazine," a business-to-business publication that was part of the Nielsen Business Media chain. He covered the auto industry, delivering stories on the branding and marketing of cars both in the U.S. and abroad.
In 2009, Miller joined Texas Watchdog, a fledgling investigative news agency based in Houston, Texas. The Society of American Business Editors and Writers selected Miller’s 2011 coverage of the Texas Windstorm Insurance Association, which resulted in a state takeover of the agency, as the winner of its award for digital investigation. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779213" title="Lance Finch">
Lance Finch

Lance Sydney George Finch, (born 1938) is a Canadian jurist who served as the Chief Justice of the British Columbia Court of Appeal until his retirement on June 16, 2013. 
Early life.
Born in Edmonton, Alberta in 1938, he later moved to and attended high school in Victoria, British Columbia. He enrolled in Victoria College in 1955, and went on to earn his undergraduate and law degree at the University of British Columbia and was called to the bar in 1963. He was a member of the University's rowing team. He Articled at Guild, Yule & Company in Vancouver, British Columbia and became partner in 1968. He is a former President of the Vancouver Bar Association (1976), and served an appointment as a bencher of the Law Society of British Columbia (from 1981 to 1983). He has actively taught at the University of British Columbia Faculty of Law and the Continuing Legal Education Program.
Career as a judge.
He was in private practice from 1963 to 1983. He was appointed to Supreme Court of British Columbia on May 5, 1983. On May 28, 1993 he was appointed to the British Columbia Court of Appeal and appointed Chief Justice on June 6, 2001. He has publicly voiced concern over access to justice for the working poor, and middle class who earn too much to qualify for legal aid but not enough to afford a lawyer. He is a member of the Dean's Advisory Council at the University of British Columbia Faculty of Law.
Awards.
He was awarded an Honorary Law Degree, LLD, by the University of British Columbia.

</doc>
<doc id="36779217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779217" title="Koruza">
Koruza

Koruza (, also Romanized as Korūzā) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779223" title="2007–08 Segunda Divisão">
2007–08 Segunda Divisão

The 2007–08 Segunda Divisão season was the 74th season of the competition and the 58th season of recognised third-tier football in Portugal.
Overview.
The league was contested by 55 teams in 4 divisions with GD Ribeirão, UD Oliveirense, SC Covilhã and CD Olivais e Moscavide winning the respective divisional competitions and progressing to the championship playoffs. The overall championship was won by UD Oliveirense and the runners-up SC Covilhã were also promoted to the Liga de Honra.
Championship Playoffs.
Final.
The final was played on 22 June 2008 in Pombal.

</doc>
<doc id="36779229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779229" title="Mian Rah-e Jaber">
Mian Rah-e Jaber

Mian Rah-e Jaber (, also Romanized as Mīān Rāh-e Jāber; also known as Jāber and Mīānrāh) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 112, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779241" title="Maleh Safarkhan Kheybar">
Maleh Safarkhan Kheybar

Maleh Safarkhan Kheybar (, also Romanized as Maleh S̱afarkhān Kheybar) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779251" title="Mazraeh-ye Kheybar">
Mazraeh-ye Kheybar

Mazraeh-ye Kheybar (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Kheybar; also known as Kheybar) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779254" title="Kheybar, Ilam">
Kheybar, Ilam

Kheybar (; also known as Shahrak-e Kheybar) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 267, in 37 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779255" title="Bruce Price Cottage">
Bruce Price Cottage

Bruce Price Cottage is one of four "cottages" constructed by Bruce Price on Pepperidge Road in Tuxedo Park. Price was the founding architect of the Tuxedo Park estate, where he designed and built a number of the large mansions. Bruce Price Cottage and other constructions in Tuxedo Park were highly influential on the style of Frank Lloyd Wright and other, younger architects. 
He constructed the cottage for his wife, Josephine Lee in 1897. He also constructed Emily Post cottage for their daughter who spent her childhood there. Regular visitors to the house at the time included Pierre Lorillard and William Astor
Bruce Price Cottage is built in Dutch Colonial Revival style. All four cottages were inherited by Emily. In 1920 she divided the property. 
Notable people who have lived in the Bruce Price Cottages include Edwin and Emily Post, Guy and Lory Spier and Rob Norden.

</doc>
<doc id="36779260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779260" title="HD 201298">
HD 201298

HD 201298 is a K-type star in the constellation of Equuleus. It has an apparent magnitude of 6.14.

</doc>
<doc id="36779262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779262" title="Mazraeh-ye Lah Lar">
Mazraeh-ye Lah Lar

Mazraeh-ye Lah Lar (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Lah Lār; also known as Lah Lār) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779267" title="Posht-e Aresht">
Posht-e Aresht

Posht-e Aresht (; also known as Poshteh Arīsht) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779271" title="Cat Marnell">
Cat Marnell

Cat Marnell (born 10 September 1982, in Washington, D.C.) is an American writer and editor based in New York City. She is a former beauty editor at "Lucky" and XO Jane, currently writing for "Vice". She has also written for "SELF", "Nylon", "Glamour", and other print and online publications.
Marnell's honesty through her work has led to her success as a writer. She is very upfront and personal about her life on various social media sites. She claimed that she no longer wanted to work a 9–5 job in an office and would move on to writing her own book on her own time.
Her writing is controversial, often covering stories of her drug use, addiction, and treatment. Marnell has admitted to being a drug addict and wrote to the "New York Post" that "I'm always on drugs." In March 2014, she admitted that she'd 'overdosed and nearly died' the previous September. 
In March 2013, the "New York Post's" "Page Six" reported that Marnell had landed a book deal with Simon & Schuster worth "up to half a million dollars". The publishing house confirmed the deal but declined to address the estimated figure, saying “We don’t comment on author advances.” Page Six reported that Marnell's memoir, titled "How To Murder Your Life", would chronicle her "sexual and narcotic adventures", first "as a spoiled rich kid of a psychiatrist and a psychoanalyst" and later, her "drug-fueled rise" through Condé Nast, xoJane.com and "Vice" magazine.
Marnell is also a self-described bulimic.

</doc>
<doc id="36779273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779273" title="S14 (classification)">
S14 (classification)

S14, SB14, SM14 are disability swimming classifications used for categorising swimmers based on their level of disability.
Definition.
This classification is for people with intellectual disabilities.
History.
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address "the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate, reliable, consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation."
Competitors.
Swimmers who have competed in this class include Siobhan Paton, Taylor Corry and Mitchell Kilduff of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36779275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779275" title="Shahrak-e Vali-ye Asr Sar Tang-e Bahram Khani">
Shahrak-e Vali-ye Asr Sar Tang-e Bahram Khani

Shahrak-e Vali-ye Asr Sar Tang-e Bahram Khani (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Valī-ye ‘Aşr Sar Tang-e Bahrām Khānī; also known as Shahrak-e Valī‘aşr and Shahrak-e Valī-ye ‘Aşr) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,284, in 488 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779276" title="S15 (classification)">
S15 (classification)

S15, SB15, SM15 are disability swimming classifications used for categorising swimmers based on their level of disability. These classifications are for athletes with hearing loss.
Definition.
The S15, SB15 and SM15 classifications are for people with hearing loss.
The classification was created by the International Paralympic Committee and has roots in a 2003 attempt to address "the overall objective to support and co-ordinate the ongoing development of accurate, reliable, consistent and credible sport focused classification systems and their implementation."
In Australia, to be classified in this category, athletes contact the Australian Paralympic Committee or their state swimming governing body.

</doc>
<doc id="36779278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779278" title="2012–13 Fresno State Bulldogs men's basketball team">
2012–13 Fresno State Bulldogs men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Fresno State Bulldogs men's basketball team represented Fresno State University during the 2012–13 college basketball season. This was head coach Rodney Terry's second season at Fresno State. The Bulldogs played their home games at the Save Mart Center and were first year members of the Mountain West Conference. They finished the season 11–19, 5–11 in MWC play to finish in seventh place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the Mountain West Tournament to Colorado State.
2012–13 Team.
Roster.
Source
2012–13 Schedule and Results.
Source
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Mountain West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36779287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779287" title="John B. Dutcher">
John B. Dutcher

John Bowdish Dutcher (February 13, 1830 Dover, Dutchess County, New York – August 27, 1911 Pawling, Dutchess Co, NY) was an American farmer, businessman, banker and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of David Dutcher (c.1797–1853) and Amy (Bowdish) Dutcher (c.1801–1875). He was Supervisor of the Town of Dover in 1857; and was elected a Justice of the Peace in 1858. On May 22, 1860, he married Christina Dodge, and they had a son.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Dutchess Co., 1st D.) in 1861 and 1862; and of the New York State Senate (11th D.) in 1864 and 1865.
In April 1861, he removed to the neighboring Town of Pawling, and was the first President of the Village of Pawling, elected upon its incorporation in 1893. In 1864, he became a director of the New York and Harlem Railroad, and later was a director of many railroad and other companies.
In April 1894, he married Helen Titus Willets. He was President of the National Bank of Pawling, the New York State Bankers Association, and the New York State Agricultural Society.

</doc>
<doc id="36779289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779289" title="Khallet el Hamra">
Khallet el Hamra

Khallet el Hamra or Khallet Hamra is a ravine or wadi joining the larger Wadi Yaroun located southeast of Ain Ebelin the Bint Jbeil District of Nabatieh Governorate in Lebanon.
A Heavy Neolithic archaeological site of the Qaraoun culture was discovered by jesuit archaeologist Paul Bovier-Lapierre in 1908. It was located to the south of a track that leads from Ain Ebel to Bint Jbeil at around above sea level. Bovier-Lapierre considered several of the axes found to be Chellean with one exceptionally large and finely made Acheulean chopper. Henri Fleisch re-evaluated the materials in light of more modern studies and noted the finds to be only sparsely Acheulean with the assemblage consisting of predominantly ""abundant"" Heavy Neolithic tools of the Qaraoun culture.

</doc>
<doc id="36779292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779292" title="Shahrak-e Vali-ye Asr, Ilam">
Shahrak-e Vali-ye Asr, Ilam

Shahrak-e Vali-ye Asr (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Valī-ye ‘Aşr; also known as Ḩasan Barbūtī, Tal, Tel, and Valī-ye ‘Aşr) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 842, in 127 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779311" title="Shileh">
Shileh

Shileh (, also Romanized as Shīleh) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779318" title="Talkhab, Dustan">
Talkhab, Dustan

Talkhab (, also Romanized as Talkhāb; also known as Talkhān) is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779320" title="Scoil Lorcain B.N.S">
Scoil Lorcain B.N.S

Scoil Lorcain Boys National School was established in 1955 by the Christian Brothers, It is located in St. Johns Park, Waterford. It has a pupil population of approximately 350 students 
Past pupils of this school include playwright Jim Nolan.

</doc>
<doc id="36779323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779323" title="Talkhab, Hendmini">
Talkhab, Hendmini

Talkhab (, also Romanized as Talkhāb; also known as Talkh Āb) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 786, in 156 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779333" title="Torshak, Ilam">
Torshak, Ilam

Torshak () is a village in Dustan Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779337" title="Torshak">
Torshak

Torshak or Tarashok or Tareshok () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36779343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779343" title="Catholic Church, Carastelec">
Catholic Church, Carastelec

The Catholic Church (; ) is a church in Carastelec, Romania, built in 1818. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779345" title="Pipe Island Light">
Pipe Island Light

Pipe Island Light is a privately owned lighthouse on Pipe Island in St. Mary's River, Michigan. It was lit in 1888 by the Lake Carriers Association to help ships entering St. Mary's River from Lake Huron. In 2005 three cottages and the Victorian keeper's dwelling were made available for overnight stays.

</doc>
<doc id="36779348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779348" title="2011–12 Rugby-Bundesliga">
2011–12 Rugby-Bundesliga

The 2011–12 Rugby-Bundesliga was the 41st edition of this competition and the 92nd edition of the German rugby union championship. In the Rugby-Bundesliga, the first division, ten teams played a home-and-away season with semi-finals and a final between the top four teams at the end. The season started on 27 August 2010 and finished with the championship final on 5 May 2012, interrupted by a winter break from mid-December to late February. The league's top try scorer was Caine Elisara for the second year running while Luke James Muggeridge took out the honours of best points scorer for the first time. Both are from New Zealand and played for Heidelberger RK.
The league was won by Heidelberger RK who defeated TV Pforzheim 20-16 to earn its third consecutive title. TV Pforzheim played in its first-ever German championship final, having defeated SC 1880 Frankfurt 46–25 in the semi-finals. Frankfurt had played in the previous five finals and won the championship in 2008 and 2009. The second semi-final was played between "HRK" and SC Neuenheim with the former winning 71–21.
In the second tier, the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga, FC St. Pauli Rugby and the reserve team of SC 1880 Frankfurt took out the division titles, with SC 1880 Frankfurt II taking out the overall title with a 32–22 finals victory.
Both divisions of the 2nd Bundesliga played with only nine instead of ten clubs. The South/West division lost RG Heidelberg II just before the start of the season when the club decided to withdraw its reserve team to the third division while the reserve team of Berliner Rugby Club was withdrawn during the season. RU Hohen Neuendorf was expulsed from the league during the season for falling to field in two games without adequate excuse. TSV Handschuhsheim II was punished the same way for the same reason after the season had ended, with both of the teams being relegated.
In mid-July 2012 the "Deutsche Rugby Tag", the annual general meeting of the "DRV" decided to approve a league reform proposed by German international Manuel Wilhelm. The new system will see the number of clubs in the Bundesliga increased from ten to 24 in 2012–13, the league divided into four regional divisions of six clubs each and the finals series expanded from four to eight teams. One of the main aims of the reform was to reduce the number of kilometres traveled by individual teams and therefore reduce the travel expenses. Additionally, the 2nd Bundesliga will also expanded to 24 teams.
Bundesliga table.
The final standings in the table:
Bundesliga results.
The results of the Bundesliga in 2011–12:
Player statistics.
Try scorers.
The leading try scores in the 2011–12 Rugby-Bundesliga season were (10 tries or more):
Point scorers.
The leading point scores in the 2011–12 Rugby-Bundesliga season were (100 points or more):
Per club.
The top try and point scorers per club were:
2nd Bundesliga tables.
South/West.
The final standings in the table:
North/East.
The final standings in the table:

</doc>
<doc id="36779350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779350" title="Ahangaran-e Kaviani">
Ahangaran-e Kaviani

Ahangaran-e Kaviani (, also Romanized as Āhangarān-e Kāvīānī; also known as Āhangarān) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 155, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779358" title="Bloodsoaked">
Bloodsoaked

Bloodsoaked is an American death metal band from North Carolina. Formed in 2006 by Peter Hasselbrack as a one-man project, Bloodsoaked is known for a style of death metal strongly inspired by the originators of the style, such as Death, Cannibal Corpse, Obituary, Deicide, Sepultura and Morbid Angel.
Background.
Bloodsoaked’s music is best described as old-school death metal with some modern influences. Their lyrics tend to be heavily gore and horror influenced as well as anti-religious views. Their band name came from the underground death metal web site Bloodsoaked Promotions that ran from 1996 to 2004 as well as Bloodsoaked Records, both created and run by Peter Hasselbrack.
History.
Peter started Bloodsoaked, and in February 2007 signed to Comatose Music and released their first album "Brutally Butchered" in April 2007. Their second album "Sadistic Deeds... Grotesque Memories" was released on Comatose Music in April 2009. Their third album "The Death of Hope" was released in August 2011 on Comatose Music and features guest guitar solos by James Murphy. Both "Sadistic Deeds... Grotesque Memories" and "The Death of Hope" were mixed and mastered by Shane McFee, who also programmed drums for both albums. "The Death of Hope" was recorded at The Basement Studio with Jamie King.
In February 2012 Bloodsoaked added Joseph Darling as second guitarist/vocalist.

</doc>
<doc id="36779362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779362" title="Cheshmeh Shirin, Darreh Shahr">
Cheshmeh Shirin, Darreh Shahr

Cheshmeh Shirin (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Shīrīn) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,172, in 261 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779377" title="Dul Golab">
Dul Golab

Dul Golab (, also Romanized as Dūl Golāb) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 355, in 69 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779382" title="Fadak, Ilam">
Fadak, Ilam

Fadak (; also known as Fadak Hend Mīnī) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779389" title="Norman Sheffield">
Norman Sheffield

Norman Sheffield (25 September 1939 - 20 June 2014) was a music and advertising industry figure, most noted for his music industry recording and management roles, ownership of the former Trident Studios, and being the first manager of the rock band Queen.
Early life.
Sheffield was born in Enfield, the son of Walter Sheffield, a Panel beater. He was educated at Albany Boys School.
Music life.
Formerly a drummer in The Hunters, he enjoyed moderate chart success as well as starring as the drummer with Cliff Richard in a television performance at the London Palladium in 1958. More recently, one of the Hunters biggest hits, "Teen Scene", featured on the soundtrack to the 2009 movie "An Education".
He later started a record shop in Waltham Cross, Hertfordshire, with his wife and later converted the upstairs into a recording studio proving popular with local musicians wishing to record their own music. When the shop was later sold as he searched for larger premises in London, much of the original equipment was sold to the future founder of Island Records.
Trident Studios.
Sheffield went onto launch Trident Studios in 1968 with his brother Barry, turning a disused engraving works in St Anne's Court in the Soho area of London into one of the leading recording studios of the world. The studio recorded many of the world's most famous artists and recordings of the era including the Beatles' "Hey Jude", David Bowie's "Space Oddity" and Elton John's "Candle in the Wind".
Queen.
Between 1972 and 1975, Sheffield, under one of his companies within the Trident Group, was the manager of British rock group Queen as well as other acts at the time.
Trident invested heavily in the band formerly known simply as Smile when the members were still students and actively assisted in breaking them into the mainstream eventually finding them a recording contract with EMI. Much has been written and televised that Sheffield and his management treated the band unfairly, which Sheffield fiercely denies. "Death on Two Legs" was a song later written by Freddie Mercury about the band's fall out with Sheffield and although this was never officially stated, a financial settlement was made out of court with him.
"Bohemian Rhapsody".
Even after the split with Queen, one of Sheffield's other companies within the group, Trilion Video, was contracted by Queen to produce the music video for Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody" in 1975. This video is often regarded as the first modern music video.
"Life on Two Legs".
In 2013, in a deal with Amazon, Sheffield released his personal memoirs titled "Life on Two Legs: Set The Record Straight" apparently lifting the lid on the inside story of Trident Studios, how it began and grew to record the music that made it famous as a studio worldwide. It also details how Queen were "discovered" and managed by Trident, ultimately leading to Freddie Mercury writing the song "Death on Two Legs" about the acrimonious split with Sheffield and Trident.
The press release and website promises exclusive photos, untold stories about the artists that recorded at Trident during the era as well as copies of the original Queen management contracts from 1974. The book has a foreword by Sir Paul McCartney.
Other business.
With the growth of electronic music and home studios in the 1980s, the music industry began to change shape and Sheffield sold the studio and founded one of the first Apple Computer dealerships in the UK, importing early Apple computers from the USA in 1986 complete with power converters to allow the computers to operate on UK voltage. The same company also opened a facility to allow Apple and PC computer users to scan, print and use the Apple computers on a per-hour basis within specially designed offices known as a bureau.
Later, together with his sons he founded Tableau, an advertising agency using his previous knowledge of the entertainment industry and experience from early desktop publishing. The agency was responsible for the early EasyJet airline advertising campaigns and EasyJet's first online booking system along with other notable advertising accounts and went on to gain awards within the industry for its work.

</doc>
<doc id="36779391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779391" title="Gach Kuban">
Gach Kuban

Gach Kuban (, also Romanized as Gach Kūbān; also known as Gachkūpān) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 877, in 174 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779393" title="Priya Cinema (Kolkata)">
Priya Cinema (Kolkata)

Priya Cinema is a uniplex cinema hall situated in Rashbehari Avenue, near Deshapriya Park, Kolkata, West Bengal, India. The management is run by Priya Entertainments Pvt. Ltd. under the leadership of the managing director Arijit Dutta. Kaushik Dasgupta is in charge of Operations and maintenance. This is one of the first cinema halls in eastern India to have features like DTS/ Dolby Theatre system, Xenon Christie projector, push back seats and QUBE digital projection system.
Film Production.
The house of Priya Entertainments began its journey in the 60s with producing widely acclaimed films like Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne, Aranyer Dinratri, Pratidwandi directed by Satyajit Ray, Hatey Bazarey directed by Tapan Sinha and Chhuti-the first film directed by Arundhati Devi. It also produced many other films including Bonojyotsna, Saraswatir Pratigya and Kalochhaya.
Many of these films have won major national and international awards adding to the glory and heritage of this prestigious production house. Hatey Bajare won President's Gold Medal Award in 1967. Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne won a no. of awards in India and abroad including Best Direction Award, India (1968), Best Film Award, India, Silver Cross, Adelaide and Best Director, Auckland in 1969, Merit Award, Tokyo, Best Film, Melbourne and President's Gold and Silver Medals, New Delhi in 1970. Aranyer Dinratri was nominated for Best Director Award Golden Bear in Berlin International Film Festival 1n 1970. Pratidwandi won the Best Direction Award and Best Screenplay Award in India in 1971.
Priya Entertainments also has the rare distinction of winning President's Gold Award for Best Producer for three years on the trot.
Film premières in Priya Cinema.
Several film premières have been organized in Priya Cinema–

</doc>
<doc id="36779395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779395" title="Galleh Dar, Ilam">
Galleh Dar, Ilam

Galleh Dar (, also Romanized as Galleh Dār) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 850, in 150 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779402" title="Haranmar">
Haranmar

Haranmar (, also Romanized as Harānmar) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 127, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779413" title="Seymereh">
Seymereh

Seymereh ( – "Sad va Nīrūgāh-e Seymereh" – Seymereh Dam and Power Plant) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 228, in 42 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779419" title="Zeyd, Ilam">
Zeyd, Ilam

Zeyd (; also known as Zat) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 643, in 101 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779424" title="Roger Girerd">
Roger Girerd

Roger Girerd was a French mass murderer who killed 10 members of his family at a farm in Charvieu-Chavagneux on May 20, 1965, before committing suicide.
The crime was reported to be the deadliest mass murder by a single person in French history at that time, even though 14 people were killed by a drunk man in Rouen on June 10, 1945.
Life.
Girerd was said to have worked at a foundry from morning to evening, while his mother also urged him to do the hardest labour on the farm. Due to being overworked he had been in a mental institution in Grenoble for a few months in 1959. In the months prior to the murders he showed signs of fatigue and uttered fears of a coming nuclear war, being especially worried about the fate of his children. 
Murders.
According to reports, the 34-year-old stabbed his wife, Jeannette, his six children, aged 6 months to 10 years, as well as a 16 months-old niece, during the night from May 19 to May 20. The bodies of Jeannette, four of his children, and his niece were found the next day lying in the kitchen, covered with sheets, while the two remaining children were discovered on the first floor. At approximately 8:30 a.m. a witness heard two shots from the farm, and it was suspected that Girerd then killed his 58-year-old mother and his 23-year-old brother in an annex. Two more shots were heard at about 10 a.m., when Girerd killed his dog and himself.
In a suicide note, Girerd stated he was sick of living in poverty and watching his family living in need, writing:

</doc>
<doc id="36779425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779425" title="IP Group">
IP Group

IP Group plc is a British-based Intellectual property business investing in technology companies. It is headquartered in London. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
History.
The business was founded in 2001 and floated on the Alternative Investment Market in 2003 before achieving a full listing in 2006: it raised an additional £55m in June 2011. It acquired Fusion IP Group on 20 March 2014.
Operations.
The company specialises in the commercialisation of university intellectual property rights.

</doc>
<doc id="36779442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779442" title="Tore Brunborg">
Tore Brunborg

Tore Brunborg (born 20 May 1960 in Trondheim) is a Norwegian Jazz musician who plays Saxophone and composes. He grew up in Voss where a flowering Jazz environment. Known from numerous appearances with inter national greats like Bugge Wesseltoft, Håvard Wiik, Audun Kleive, Anders Jormin, Diederik Wissels, Arild Andersen, Pat Metheny, Per Jørgensen, Geir Lysne, Misha Alperin, Bjørn Alterhaug, Jan Gunnar Hoff, Jarle Vespestad, Jon Christensen, Jon Balke, Nils Petter Molvær, Vigleik Storaas, Bo Stief, and last but not the least Billy Cobham.
Career.
After playing with Knut Kristiansen and Per Jørgensen, Brunborg debuted at Vossajazz (1980, 1982). After this he studied music at "Toneheim folkehøgskole" and on the Jazz program at Trondheim Musikkonservatorium (1980–82), and has evolved to be one of the most sought Jazz saxophonists in Norway.
He was on the lineup for the acclaimed band Masqualero and was three times awarded Spellemannprisen with this band. Brunborg also was witin Jon Eberson's Jazzpunkensemblet (two record reseases). He performed with Pat Metheny at the Moldejazz (2001), and has appeared in a wide range of linups with different jazz orchestras since. At the Norwegian Jazz scene he has been most recognized for the cooperation with Arild Andersen and his music for «Kristin Lavransdatter», performed to the Olympic Games at Lillehammer. He is a member of the Jazz quartet "Moment" together with Jørn Øien, Jens Fossum and Andreas Bye.
During the past few years he has worked with Mathias Eick, Manu Katché, the Tord Gustavsen Ensemble and Ketil Bjørnstad. He also plays a key role on two of Mats Eilertsen’s records ("Radio Yonder" and "Sky Dive"), and with the band "Scent of Soil" fronted by vocalist Kirsti Huke and Brunborg. On their first album, they make use of material from a critically acclaimed commissioned work they wrote together for the "Vossajazz" Festival in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36779454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779454" title="Joe Breeden">
Joe Breeden

Joseph Thomas Breeden (born October 11, 1956) is a professional baseball coach, who worked in Major League Baseball.
Career.
Breeden played minor league baseball in 1979 for the Calgary Expos of the Rookie-level Pioneer League, a Montreal Expos affiliate. In 1980, he played for the Rocky Mount Pines, an unafilliated team in the Class A Carolina League.
After retiring as a player, Breeden began to coach in high school and college baseball. He managed in the minor leagues. Breeden then coached the Florida Marlins and Toronto Blue Jays.

</doc>
<doc id="36779457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779457" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's long jump">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's long jump

The Women's Long Jump athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 7, 2012. A total of 6 events were contested incorporating 9 different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36779467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779467" title="Matt Skinner">
Matt Skinner

Matthew "Matt" Skinner (born 23 December 1974) is an Australian, sommelier, wine author, consultant and educator. Matt co-founded Fifteen Restaurant with Jamie Oliver and Tobie Puttock, and appeared in two television series with Puttock called "Tobie & Matt".
Background.
Skinner was born in Melbourne, Australia. After many years abroad, he returned to Melbourne in 2008 where he now lives with his wife Carly and two children.
Career.
Skinner's career began as a bottle shop attendant at the Whitehorse Inn Hotel in 1993. After completing an introductory wine course, he moved onto other sales assistant roles before being appointed manager at the Prince Wine Store in 1996. In 2000, Skinner was introduced by Tobie Puttock to British chef Jamie Oliver, who in 2001 asked him to relocate to the UK to help set up Fifteen.
Skinner was involved for six years overseeing wine operations for the group (they opened four branches of Fifteen) and was Head Sommelier at Fifteen London during that time. He also held consultancy roles with Match Group UK and Sainsbury's UK.
Today Skinner continues to consult to the Jamie's Italian group of restaurants in Australia, working closely with the team on wine list development & training. He also holds an ambassadorial role with Plumm Wine Glasses and is a Wine Selection Panel Member for Jetstar International Airlines.
Books and Awards.
Skinner was recently named Best Young International Wine Writer 2012 by the Grandi Cru d'Italia, and has three times been short-listed for the IWSC International Wine Communicator of the Year Award. He is a regular contributor to "Sunday Life", "Australian Good Food", "Gourmet Traveller WINE", and "Home Beautiful". In the past, he wrote for "GQ" (2008–2009), "Sunday Magazine" (2006–2008), "Waitrose Food Illustrated UK" (2006–2008) and "Sainsbury's Magazine" (2008). 
Skinner is also author of international bestsellers "Thirsty Work", "Heard It Through The Grapevine", "The Juice", and "Matt Skinner's Wine Guide 2011". "Thirsty Work" has been published in 19 countries, in 10 languages and was awarded Best Educational Wine Book UK at Gourmand World Cook Book Awards 2006. "Thirsty Work" was also short-listed at Louis Roederer International Wine Writing Awards. The Juice was awarded Best Wine Guide UK at Gourmand World Cookbook awards 2007
"Heard it through the Grapevine" has been published in 12 countries and in 8 languages.
Television.
Skinner appeared with Puttock for two series of Tobie & Matt on the Lifestyle Food channel. He has also appeared with Gordon Ramsay on Gordon Ramsay – The F Word (Channel 4), with Jamie Oliver on Oliver's Twist – (Food Network/Lifestyle Food) and Jamie's Kitchen – (Channel 4). Skinner was also seen on Saturday Cooks (ITV 1), Saturday Kitchen (BBC 1), Food Uncut (UK Food), Taste (Sky) and Great Food Live (UK Food)
Judging.
Skinner has been appointed judge at the following wine shows.

</doc>
<doc id="36779473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779473" title="Arkansas–Fort Smith Lions">
Arkansas–Fort Smith Lions

The Arkansas–Fort Smith Lions (also UAFS Lions and UA Fort Smith Lions) are the athletic teams that represent the University of Arkansas – Fort Smith, located in Fort Smith, Arkansas, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports. The Lions compete as members of the Heartland Conference for all 10 varsity sports.
History.
In the fall of 2009, UAFS formally entered provisional NCAA Division II status. The “provisional” status was scheduled to be removed in 2010. However, on July 9, 2010, the University's membership application was rejected by the NCAA Division II Membership Committee, which led to the University filing an appeal. On July 8, 2011, the University was granted full NCAA Division II membership. Previously, the University competed in the National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA), specifically at the Bi-State Conference of Region II.
Varsity teams.
List of teams.
Men's sports
Women's sports
Individual sports.
Women's volleyball.
The volleyball program also holds the distinction of being named an NJCAA Academic All-American Team seven years in a row (1999–2005).

</doc>
<doc id="36779482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779482" title="Zarangush">
Zarangush

Zarangush (, also Romanized as Zarāngūsh and Zarangūsh) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,605, in 307 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779497" title="Handbuch der Vögel Mitteleuropas">
Handbuch der Vögel Mitteleuropas

The Handbuch der Vögel Mitteleuropas ("Handbook of the Birds of Central Europe", "HBV") is a German-language scholarly handbook on the birds of Central Europe. For the purposes of the book, the Central European region is defined as the states of Belgium, Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Austria, Poland, Switzerland, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Hungary, and Liechtenstein.
History.
It was originally conceived as a successor to Günther Niethammer's "Handbuch der deutschen Vogelkunde" ("Handbook of German Ornithology"), which was published in three volumes in 1937, 1938, and 1942. Work on the book began in 1958 with Kurt M. Bauer as its editor. In 1962, Swiss zoologist Urs N. Glutz von Blotzheim was asked by Bauer and Erwin Stresemann to take part in writing the book, and became its second editor. He immediately proposed the book be expanded to cover more aspects of bird biology, including distributions, and to have a greater geographic scope including countries on both sides of the Iron Curtain. The new book also involved more contributions by other field ornithologists. Gathering information for the book was difficult owing to the lack of regional ornithological groups at the time. The resulting volumes of the first edition were published starting in 1966, and were stood out from any previous works, especially in the illustrations by animal painters like Jörg Kühn, D. Winfried Daunicht, and Friedhelm Weick. Some of the 14 volumes of the handbook had to be divided because of their size, so that the printed book consists of 22 individual volumes and an index. A second edition was published between 1987 and 1997. The complete manual is available in PDF format on CD-ROMs.
The "Handbuch" has become a standard work of Central European ornithology.

</doc>
<doc id="36779511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779511" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's shot put">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Women's shot put

The Women's Shot Put athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from September 1 to September 8, 2012. A total of 9 events were contested incorporating 16 different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36779518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779518" title="Microspherophakia">
Microspherophakia

Microspherophakia is a rare congenital autosomal recessive condition where the lens of the eye is smaller than normal and spherically shaped. This condition may be associated with a number of disorders including Peter's anomaly, Marfan syndrome, and Weill–Marchesani syndrome. The spherical shape is caused by an underdeveloped zonule of Zinn, which doesn't exert enough force on the lens to make it form the usual oval shape. It is a result of a homozygous mutation to the LTBP2 gene.
External sources.
Microspherophakia at Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man

</doc>
<doc id="36779521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779521" title="Banzerkah">
Banzerkah

Banzerkah (, also Romanized as Bānzerkah and Bānzergah) is a village in Kulkani Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 180, in 35 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779535" title="Tuvalu Post Office Act 1977">
Tuvalu Post Office Act 1977

The Tuvalu Post Office Act 1977, effective from 4 May 1977, is the act of the Tuvalu Government to "reform the law relating to the establishment and regulation of Post Office and the conveyance of mails" in Tuvalu. The act was revised in 2008 and is extended by "Post Office Regulations" of 1978, also revised 2008, and "Money Order Regulation"s of 2008.
As a small nation, the Post Office of Tuvalu is not separately constituted and is a department of central government.

</doc>
<doc id="36779536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779536" title="Darreh Dul">
Darreh Dul

Darreh Dul (, also Romanized as Darreh Dūl) is a village in Kulkani Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 83, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779538" title="List of Mexican states by population growth rate">
List of Mexican states by population growth rate

The following table is a list of the 31 federal states and the Federal District of Mexico, ranked in order by population growth from estimated population from 2012 estimate to 2010 census population from the National Institute of Statistics, Geography, and Data Processing.

</doc>
<doc id="36779554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779554" title="Stefan Kiesbye">
Stefan Kiesbye

Stefan Kiesbye is a German author and poet who has appeared in numerous magazines and anthologies. He has received the Low Fidelity Press Novella Award for his first book "Next Door Lived a Girl", published in 2004 by Low Fidelity Press. For his forthcoming book, "Your House Is on Fire, Your Children All Gone", which is to be released in September 2012, he had a book trailer produced.
Background.
Kiesbye has an MFA in creative writing from the University of Michigan, which he now teaches at Eastern New Mexico University.

</doc>
<doc id="36779556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779556" title="Cyclone Beni">
Cyclone Beni

Severe Tropical Cyclone Beni was an intense tropical cyclone that affected four countries, on its 18-day journey across the South Pacific Ocean during January and February 2003. The system originally developed during 19 January as a weak tropical disturbance within the monsoon trough, to the northeast of the Santa Cruz Islands. Over the next few days the system gradually developed further before it was classified as a tropical cyclone and named Beni during 24 January.
Originally, the storm moved slowly towards the west. Initially moving towards the west, the cyclone then made a clockwise loop, and turned south. Beni entered more conductive conditions and began to strengthen while moving southeast. After attaning winds of hurricane-force, Beni strengthened rather quickly. Traveling between Vanuatu and New Caledonia, Beni reached its peak intensity on January 29 with winds of 125 mph (205 km/h 10-minute sustained), and a peak pressure of before rapidly weakening. The cyclone made its closest approach to the island of New Caledonia on January 30; shortly after that, Beni weakened into a tropical depression. In the Coral Sea, however, the storm once again entered more favorable conditions and it briefly re-intensified into. However, this trend was short-lived; wind shear took its toll on the cyclone, weakening it back down to a tropical depression. The remnants of Beni proceeded to make landfall near Mackay, Queensland and produce heavy rain over much of the drought stricken state of Queensland until finally dissipating on February 5.
The cyclone caused a food shortage and flooded portions of the Solomon Islands. Across the island group, about 2,000 people took shelter, some in caves. In addition, the storm brought storm surge and beach erosion to Vanuatu. New Caledonia faced power outages and heavy rains. In Queensland, Beni was responsible severe flooding. Two communities were isolated during the storm; a total of 160 people were also cut off by floodwater. The water level of one dam increased from 0.5% to 81%. The cyclone's heavy rains helped ease drought problems in Queensland; in fact, water reserves replenished five years worth of supply in one location. In all, one death was reported in Queensland and damages totaled to A$10 million (US$6 million, 2003 USD) in Queensland and US$1 million (A$2 million) in Vanuatu.
Meteorological history.
Late on 19 January the Fiji Meteorological Service's Regional Specialized Meteorological Center in Nadi, Fiji (RSMC Nadi) started to monitor a tropical disturbance, that had developed within the monsoon trough to the northeast of the Santa Cruz Islands. Over the next couple of days the disturbance developed into a tropical depression as it moved towards the west-southwest, within an area of favourable conditions for further development including low vertical wind shear and sea-surface temperatures of about . As the system moved near the Solomon Island of San Cristóbal during 22 February, further development of the system had become suppressed by strengthening wind shear that exposed the systems low level circulation. During 24 February as the system moved beneath an upper level ridge of high pressure, the wind shear abated and convection developed over the systems consolidating low level circulation. As a result the United States Joint Typhoon Warning Center issued a tropical cyclone formation alert on the system later that day, before RSMC Nadi reported that the depression had developed into a category one tropical cyclone on the Australian tropical cyclone scale and named it Beni early on 24 January. At around this time the JTWC initiated advisories on the system and designated it as Tropical Cyclone 12P, while it was located about to the south of the Solomon Island Rennell.
After being named Beni executed a small clockwise loop for two days to the southeast of Rennell, partially as a result of a strong surface ridge of high pressure to the south of the low level circulation center. Environmental conditions surrounding the system also fluctuated during 25 January, as a result of Beni's position to the north of the strongly diffluent flow on the northern side of the upper-level ridge axis. As a result the systems low level circulation center became partially exposed with deep convection located to the west of the system before Beni's low level circulation slipped back under the convection during 26 January, with spiral bands wrapping tightly around the centre. As a result RSMC Nadi reported that the system had developed into a category 2 tropical cyclone during that day. Over the next two days conditions continued to fluctuate with shear playing a significant role in holding back further intensification of the system. Early on 28 January as a ragged eye and cloud filled eye appeared on satellite imagery, the JTWC reported that the system had become equivalent to a category 1 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale (SSHWS). When the data was reanalyzed, RSMC Nadi reported that Beni had become a category 3 severe tropical cyclone at this time, however, operationally it wasn't declared a category 3 severe tropical cyclone for another 18 hours. Throughout 28 January Beni continued to intensify before the JTWC reported early the next day that the system had peaked, with 1-minute sustained wind speeds of 230 km/h (145 mph) which made it equivalent to a category 4 hurricane on the SSHS. Later that day RSMC Nadi reported that Beni had explosively developed and peaked as a Category 5 severe tropical cyclone on the Australian scale, with 10-minute sustained winds of . At this time the system was moving ot the southeast and was located about to the west of Port Vila, Vanuatu.
After peaking in intensity Beni subsequently started to weaken as a trough of low pressure increased vertical wind shear over the system, while an upper level low started to develop to the west of New Caledonia. 
However, a strengthening ridge slowed Beni down and allowed the cyclone to move towards the south and then southwest, moving it away from Vanuatu. Rapid dissipating due to wind shear, the cyclone's central dense overcast was soon completely separated from Beni's center of circulation. On 30 January, the storm passed south of New Caledonia and even closer to the "commune" of L'Île-des-Pins, but by this time, RSMC Nadi reported that Cyclone Beni was only a marginal Category 1 system with winds of 40 mph (65 km/h) and a pressure of . The system was further downgraded into a tropical depression the same day while located southwest of New Caledonia. The depression continued to move towards the west, and subsequently northwest, across the Coral Sea, and on 1 February, the depression crossed 160°E and moved into the Australian region. In an area of once again increasing sea surface temperatures and warm air, convection developed over the center. TCWC Brisbane reported that the system was once again briefly upgraded into tropical cyclone status. At this time the pressure of the cyclone was . However, vertical wind shear once again took its toll on Beni, and the circulation center decoupled from thd deep convection and the storm's strongest winds. Consequently, Beni was once again downgraded into a depression, just 12 hours after its re-classification as a tropical cyclone. The remnant low of Severe Tropical Cyclone Beni made landfall near Mackay on 5 February.
Preparations, impact, and aftermath.
Solomon Islands.
The cyclone impacted various Solomon Islands between 23-28 January, about a month after Cyclone Zoe had affected parts of the Temotu Province. As Beni affected the islands various cyclone warnings were issued by the Solomon Island Meteorological Service, while inhabitants moved inland and sheltered in caves.
Multiple crops in the Solomon Islands were damaged by the flooding rains, including coconut, papaya, banana, and sweet potato crops, causing a food shortage on the islands. Saltwater inundation caused by strong waves damaged some garden plots, adding on further to the food shortage. A freshwater lake was flooded by the heavy rain, damaging nearby taro crops. The rough seas also forced patrol boats in Honiara to be moved to prevent them from drifting offshore. In the village of Tingoa, some locals took shelter in caves while other moved into emergency shelters. It is estimated that about 2,000 people took shelter nation-wide. Disaster management officials sent relief supplies to Rennell and Bellona Islands, the islands that worst affected by the storm.
Vanuatu, and New Caledonia.
Vanuatu experienced strong winds from Beni, with gusts of up to . In the capital of Port Vila, structures near the coast were damaged by storm surge. Damage in the islands totaled to USD$1 million. In Mele, the tide caused by Beni was only measured as high as . Beach erosion occurred along the coasts of Vanuatu as well.
Due to the impending approach of Beni, authorities in New Caledonia issued a low-level alert for the island. In the Nouméa area, school holiday camps were closed and military personnel were sent to the Loyalty Islands in advance. However, the alert for New Caledonia was lifted after Beni weakened and moved away from the islands. Several power outages and structural damage occurred during the passing of Beni in the Loyalty Islands, which were caused by trees collapsing on power lines. Rain peaked at in a mountain spring.
Australia.
Severe weather warnings were issued for Southeast Queensland between February 1 and 3 due to the impending conditions, and in Central Queensland, warnings were issued between the February 3 and 5. Across the Sunshine Coast and Gold Coast, beaches were closed, and 12 people were rescued from outrigger canoes in Moreton Bay. Supermarkets in the area stocked up extra supplies and equipment to prepare for Beni to better support evacuees and those sheltering. Because of the threat of rough seas and high winds forced the delay of the New Zealand International Sprint Car Series that was to take place at the Western Springs Stadium, after a ship carrying the cars had to wait for the storm the pass.
Although far from Australia at that time, storm cells from Beni produced gale–force winds would periodically form and affect areas of southeastern Queensland on February 2. Strong winds caused a power outage in both Agnes Water and 1770 late on 5 February. Both cities were also isolated by floodwater. In Wowan, many buildings were flooded by the heavy rains, and a total of 160 people were also cut off by floodwater. Near Gladstone, many placed recorded rain totals in excess of , although some of the rain was caused by a nearby upper-level low that was also over Queensland at the time. Other areas of Western Queensland recorded rain totals of up to , including in Augathella, Queensland, where rain peaked at . Runoff on the Fitzroy River caused by Cyclone Beni resulted in a moderate flood with an estimated return period of four years at Rockhampton. The cyclone's heavy rains helped ease drought problems in Queensland. Nine shires in Central Queensland were declared disaster areas. At the Kroombit Dam, the water level increased from 0.5% to 81% due to Beni. Water reserves were said to have replenished to five years' supply due to the storm.
Flooding rains caused by Beni resulted in damages of at least A$10 million (US$6 million) in Queensland One person drowned due to the flooding rains. Furthermore, the name "Beni" was retired after the season.

</doc>
<doc id="36779558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779558" title="Măerişte Church">
Măerişte Church

The Măeriște Church () is a Romanian Orthodox church in Măeriște, northwestern Transylvania, Romania.
It was built in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="36779559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779559" title="Reformed Church, Sărmăşag">
Reformed Church, Sărmăşag

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Sărmășag, Romania, completed in 1806.

</doc>
<doc id="36779562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779562" title="Godar-e Namak">
Godar-e Namak

Godar-e Namak (, also Romanized as Godār-e Namaḵ) is a village in Kulkani Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 571, in 94 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779565" title="Gorz-e Langar">
Gorz-e Langar

Gorz-e Langar (, also Romanized as Gorzlangar) is a village in Kulkani Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 291, in 58 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779571" title="Kulkani">
Kulkani

Kulkani (, also Romanized as Kūlḵanī) is a village in Kulkani Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779580" title="Nasrollahabad-e Shahid Beheshti">
Nasrollahabad-e Shahid Beheshti

Nasrollahabad-e Shahid Beheshti (, also Romanized as Naşrollāhābād-e Shahīd Beheshtī; also known as Naşrollāhābād) is a village in Kulkani Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 393, in 69 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779586" title="2010–11 FC NSA Sofia season">
2010–11 FC NSA Sofia season

In 2010-11 season NSA Sofia won their 7th consecutive league trophy and participate for 6th time in row in UEFA Women's Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="36779592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779592" title="Highwood, Wisconsin">
Highwood, Wisconsin

Highwood is an unincorporated community in the town of Albion, Dane County, Wisconsin, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36779594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779594" title="Reformed Church, Guruslău">
Reformed Church, Guruslău

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Guruslău, Sălaj, Romania, completed in the 1835.

</doc>
<doc id="36779598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779598" title="Nasrollahabad">
Nasrollahabad

Nasrollahabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36779599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779599" title="Irajabad, Ilam">
Irajabad, Ilam

Irajabad (, also Romanized as Īrajābād) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 185, in 41 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779603" title="Baqerabad, Ilam">
Baqerabad, Ilam

Baqerabad (, also Romanized as Bāqerābād) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779612" title="Chenareh, Ilam">
Chenareh, Ilam

Chenareh (, also Romanized as Chenāreh) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779622" title="Damrud">
Damrud

Damrud (, also Romanized as Damrūd) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 98, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779629" title="Do Ab, Ilam">
Do Ab, Ilam

Do Ab (, also Romanized as Do Āb) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 15 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779644" title="Fathabad, Ilam">
Fathabad, Ilam

Fathabad (, also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779651" title="Chrysalis School (Woodinville, WA)">
Chrysalis School (Woodinville, WA)

Chrysalis School offers an instructional program for grades K–12. A full high school diploma program is available including course work necessary to enter a four-year college or university.
School Profile.
Chrysalis School, started in 1983 by Karen Fogle for her own children, has been an accredited private school since 1995. The school has grown into two buildings—a lower campus which houses the K–8 students, and an upper campus which houses the high school students. 
Student body.
Chrysalis is a school of 200 students in grades K–12. This population includes internationally competitive athletes, students with learning challenges, honors students, students with health issues, and students who travel. Students span a wide range of academic accomplishment. There is no testing requirement as a prerequisite for admission.
There were 42 graduates in the Class of 2011. Average SAT score for the last three years was 1560 (reading: 536, math: 513, writing: 511). Last year’s graduating class had twelve Washington State Honors Award recipients (top 10% of the entire state’s graduating class).
Eighty-four percent of students (from the classes of 2008 to 2011) went on for further education after high school completion: two-thirds of those went on to a four-year university, and one-third to a community college or tech school.
Staff.
There are teachers on staff certified to teach every required high-school subject. There are 36 certified teachers, 18 with master’s degrees and 19 teachers who have been at Chrysalis over five years. Three teachers serve in an extra capacity as technology specialists (and one as guidance counselor). There are twelve support staff.
Curriculum.
Chrysalis offers small-group classes of six to twelve students. Many subjects are taught on a one-to-one basis. Some classes are core college-preparatory classes and follow a traditional syllabus. Other classes are oriented more towards individual interests and vary based on student input. A course catalog is available. All courses required for university entrance are offered and may be completed at an advanced or honors level. IB or AP classes are not offered. AP testing and untimed SAT testing is provided.
Graduation requirements.
A minimum of 19 credits is required: three in English, two in Math (three, beginning with the class of 2013), two in Science, one in World History and one in US History, two in Physical Education, one in Fine Arts, half-credits in Washington State History, Computer Science, and career studies, with another 6.5 credits in electives. An honors diploma requires an additional credit in English, Math (Algebra II), or Science (Physics or Chemistry), plus another half-credit in history and two years of the same foreign language.
As of the class of 2013, an additional Math credit will be required, bringing the total minimum to 20 credits.
Advantages and Special Features.
Chrysalis places an emphasis on learning independently, requiring students to become self-directed learners using time away from school to learn or serve the community. Independent learning through a one-to-one mentor relationship with a teacher allows for students’ interests and abilities to be taken into consideration when designing the overall curriculum. While the content of this student/teacher time is mostly academic and instructional in character, the personal relationship that emerges from this contact is most influential. Other features include a flexible schedule and a summer school option.
School Philosophy.
Custom class schedules.
Elementary and high school students learn in a collegiate atmosphere: students have a partnering relationship with their teachers from a very young age. Students have choices about their schedule, how much time they want to spend in formal classes as well as study time in between. Classes do not meet everyday. Like college, most classes meet twice a week. Students can choose long days or short days, a few days or everyday; they can start late in the morning or finish classes early in the day. These decisions are influenced by the courses they want to take, their outside activities, and the type of learner they are.
One-on-one teacher relationships.
One-on-one time between teacher and student is primarily academic and instructional in nature; it is the personal relationship that emerges from this interaction that shape student development. Many opportunities emerge in this dynamic that are not usually available in a conventional classroom: the content can be modified according to the student’s interests and style; the pace can be slowed or accelerated; the fragile student can be nurtured in a safe environment free from peer influences. Mentors/teachers look for the strengths in their student and builds on them. They see the student’s potential, and endeavour to actualize that potential. Teachers often stay with the student throughout their school years, providing continuity. This is a unique feature that separates Chrysalis from other private schools.
Individualized teaching team.
Students have a team of teachers unique to them. Each student’s team covers all subject areas, and regularly evaluate the student’s academic plan, and progress. The team also addresses student behavior and social/functional skills outside of their classroom. The team is carefully designed to include a wide range of teacher styles and interests.

</doc>
<doc id="36779652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779652" title="Jan Mirza, Ilam">
Jan Mirza, Ilam

Jan Mirza (, also Romanized as Jān Mīrzā) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779660" title="Garmabad, Ilam">
Garmabad, Ilam

Garmabad (, also Romanized as Garmābād) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 74, in 15 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779673" title="Garmabad">
Garmabad

Garmabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36779676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779676" title="Javadabad, Ilam">
Javadabad, Ilam

Javadabad (, also Romanized as Javādābād) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 107, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779685" title="Heydarabad, Darreh Shahr">
Heydarabad, Darreh Shahr

Heydarabad (, also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 9 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779694" title="Heydarabad, Ilam">
Heydarabad, Ilam

Heydarabad (, also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād; also known as Ḩeydarābād-e Mīsh Khāş) is a village in Mishkhas Rural District, in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 691, in 130 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36779698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779698" title="Hamgam">
Hamgam

Hamgam (, also Romanized as Hamgām) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779702" title="Hava Dul">
Hava Dul

Hava Dul (, also Romanized as Havā Dūl) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779711" title="Kallehabad">
Kallehabad

Kallehabad (, also Romanized as Kallehabād) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779719" title="1945–46 Taça de Portugal">
1945–46 Taça de Portugal

The 1945–46 Taça de Portugal was the 8th season of the Taça de Portugal (English: "Portuguese Cup"), the premier Portuguese football knockout competition, organized by the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF). Sporting Clube de Portugal was the defending champion and played Atlético Clube de Portugal in the final on 30 June 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="36779729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779729" title="Kuh Neshin">
Kuh Neshin

Kuh Neshin (, also Romanized as Kūh Neshīn) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 29, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779735" title="Mahvaz">
Mahvaz

Mahvaz (, also Romanized as Mahvāz; also known as Ma‘vāz and Māvāz) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779749" title="Meydan Khalaf">
Meydan Khalaf

Meydan Khalaf (, also Romanized as Meydān Khalaf; also known as Meydān Ghalaf) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 419, in 82 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779758" title="Mirza Hoseynabad">
Mirza Hoseynabad

Mirza Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Mīrzā Ḩoseynābād; also known as Magin, Māzhīn, Mazhīr, and Mīrzā Ḩoseynābād-e Māzhīn) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 973, in 200 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779767" title="Mazhin">
Mazhin

Mazhin (, also Romanized as Māzhīn and Mājin) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 66, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779775" title="Geffrard">
Geffrard

Geffrard was a 321ton British brig that traded between Australia, Mauritius, and Shanghai, and that was wrecked off the coast of Western Australia on 13 June 1875. She was built in 1853 by Fred Clark in Jersey in the Channel Islands. By 1873 she had made her way to Melbourne and was owned by Fred Davis and under the control of Captain William James Munday. Her movements after that were generally around the southern coasts of Australia, from Geraldton in the west to Sydney in the east, laden with a variety of general cargo.
On 21 May 1875 she was loading timber at Quindalup, bound for Adelaide. This voyage was completed without event, and she returned to Fremantle; but three weeks later, bound on the same journey, mooring in the same place led to disaster.
Grounding and wrecking.
On July 12, the "Geffrard" took on board a load of timber, and after stowing this cargo Captain Munday went ashore (at about 6PM) to conclude business with Yelverton. He had put down a single large anchor, as was usual for a brig of that type, and was confident that this would hold through the coming storm. However, due to a faulty weld in the chain, the chain parted and the ship went aground on a sand bank. By the morning, she was breaking up and nothing could be done to save her.
Munday was charged with negligence, but exonerated by an inquiry conducted by the Collector of Customs at Bussleton.
The salvaged materials from the wreck were auctioned by the Manning company in Fremantle, six months after the grounding. All fittings were bought by Henry Yelverton, who installed the ship's bell outside his office at Quindalup beach.
Munday died in November of the same year, after a prolonged illness, and his grave still stands in the Busselton Pioneer Cemetery, not far from Yelverton's.
The place in which she went aground was, in the late 1940s, still known as the 'Geffrard Bank'.
Ship's bell.
After being salvaged, ship's bell was used for many years by Henry Yelverton to mark the start and end of the working day for his staff. According to his grandson H.G. Yelverton, after Yelverton's death his son gave the bell to G. B. Milne, the headmaster of the Busselton school, for installation at the school.
Rediscovery of the wreck.
In 2009 and 2011 archeological surveys were undertaken by the WA Museum, and what were almost certainly the remains of the Geffrard were discovered and documented.
The first survey was conducted as part of the 2009 WA Museum Australian Leadership Awards Fellowship (ALAF) Placement, and lead by Wendy van Duivenvoorde. Three other vessels wrecked in the area and were of interest during this survey: "Governor Endicott" in 1840; "Halcyon" in 1845; and "Ella Gladston" in 1878 (refloated).
The primary locating documentation was W. E. Archdeacon's map of 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="36779791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779791" title="Magin">
Magin

Magin is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Surname:
Given name:

</doc>
<doc id="36779806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779806" title="Poshteh-ye Mazhin">
Poshteh-ye Mazhin

Poshteh-ye Mazhin (, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Māzhīn) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 245, in 46 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779821" title="Shahid Rajai, Ilam">
Shahid Rajai, Ilam

Shahid Rajai (, also Romanized as S̄hahīd Rajā‘ī) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 83, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779890" title="Takht-e Narm">
Takht-e Narm

Takht-e Narm () is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 80, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779895" title="Var Kamareh">
Var Kamareh

Var Kamareh (; also known as Vaz Kameh) is a village in Majin Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 141, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779899" title="Marathi Keertan">
Marathi Keertan

Marathi Keertan Or " Kirtan " is an art of spiritual teaching through story-telling. It is typically performed by one or two main performers, called Keertankar, accompanied by Harmonium and Tabla musicians. It involves singing, acting, dancing, and story-telling, However it is unlike any other performing art as it is basically pure glorification of god and godly acts. 
Based on the format and subjects, Keertan / Kirtan has been classified into several types, described in the sections below.
Origin.
In Indian mythology the story of Bhakta Prahlad is famous for the uninterrupted devotion of a small child towards the almighty God, despite the obstacles created by his own father demon Hiranyakashipu. In the same "Avatar katha" child Prahlad the heavenly prince defines 9 types of "Bhakti" devotion. The relevant shloka
<poem>
Shrawanam keertanam vishnoh smaranam padsevanam |
Archanam vandanam dasyam sakhyam atmanivedanam ||
</poem>
Meaning -There are 9 types (stages) of "Bhakti" or ways of devotion.
The second type namely, "Keertan or Kirtan" as is called is performing art of presenting sayings from old good books and mythological literature along with a tint of music, dance, humor, etc. Due to scarce means of transport and communications, the performers called Keertankars use to travel a lot. Town to town and place to place over long periods and offer performances so as to enlighten the people. All over India this form of devotion is still live and prevalent in one form or another. All states have Keertans in Temples, Gurudwaras, mandirs and holy festival places too.
Keertan is also called Hari Keertan, Katha or Harikatha, Sankirtan, Nam sankeertan, etc. Keertan carries a tradition as old as times of age old muni Narada the best devotee of lord Vishnu. Naradiya keertan follows a format that is named after Narada the sacred son of Brahmadev or lord Brahma
Naradiya Keertan.
or "Naradiya Kirtan" an age old form of devotion,admire of gods and godly acts,glorification of the almighty,and also a tool used by the performers to keep people updated on the world out of their towns and also to educate the masses about good values of life and very purpose of human life,thru a medium of "ONE MAN SHOW" consisting of prose and musical performance given at the temples and other holy places.
Structure.
In this format Keertan is divided into 5 parts
It lasts for period of any length, ideally for half an hour to 3 hours at a stretch.
Dress code.
Gentlemen.
There are no hard and fast written rules,and different dress codes are prevalent in different geographic and social environments. However by convention and as an age old practice and tradition, men wear
Ladies.
The performer has accomplishment of musical instruments like harmonium, drums and string instruments of various types mostly "Zanz","chipali", "Tal" or "Chimata".Performer needs to study a lot of things in literature, music dance, humor and acting. He has to be a good orator and able debating artist. Usually the subjects are full of devotion, sacrifice, kindness, bravery, values of life, extinguishing ills of life, personal development of each individual physically and spiritually.
A lot of reading, practice of debating, musical training, sound memory and all round knowledge only can make a good performer in Keertan. But after all,the main cause and purpose of Keertan is "glorification of god and godly acts"
Training.
The main institute for training is "Keertan Kul", with office situated at Sangli and the "Shankaracharya of Karaveer Peeth " as Chair person. There are some institutes offering the training in Keertan apart from individual schools and coaching classes in small towns all over India.
Marathi Naradiya keertan is taught at the following locations in its formal traditional way:
There are also some smaller schools at Goa, Beed and Ujjain.
These are working as independent autonomous bodies. Different institutes offer education in different languages as suitable for the students and audiences around e.g. Institutes in Maharashtra prefer Marathi medium while those in Karnataka go for Kannada, Hindi is medium in U P and M.P,and Punjabi in Punjab and so on. Some have started training in various mediums including Hindi and English too along with the local language.
Naradiya Keertan knows no boundaries.It accepts saying from great authors all over the world,if they suit their subject under consideration as to prove the principle or spiritual lessons.The training is also available by postal course also if one wants to do it at home as self studying,with outside guidance in literature and music.A good knowledge of "Sanskrit" the ancient language of India is essential for a best performer.Mostly it tells stories of old mythology and religious deeds of great lives including god and godly men.
Rashtriya Keertan.
having taken inspiration from Indian freedom fighter Lokmanya Tilak, a medical practitioner from a small town of Wai- district Satara shri Dattopant Patwardhan, left his profession and became the pioneer of this form of Naradiya Keertan . He started this new era of Rashtriya keertan. he used the format of Naradiya keertan to teach masses and make awareness amongst them about the struggle for freedom against the British regime.He used many mythological stories from great epics which gave the message to masses and encouraged the movement for liberty.
In modern times, stories of great scientists, warriors, freedom fighters and social reformers National leaders,battles fought, etc.are conveniently selected to entertain and educate the masses.So, Naradiya keertan is still a popular tool of mass education .It serves today as an art of spiritual training through entertainment.It is devotion with added stint of an art.
Ramdasi Keertan.
This form was named after Samarth Ramdas. Here the format is like Naradiya Keertan, only difference is it is based on poetry by Samarth Ramdas, and mostly the stories selected are from "Ramayana". In between chanting is also dedicated to lord Ram, glorifying his deeds and bravery. In his world known book "Dasbodh", Samarth Ramdas has explained in detail how a keertan should be performed effectively.
Varkari Keertan.
Varkari Keertan was pioneered by Sant Namdev around 900 years back in Maharashtra. It is usually based on poetry of 7 famous saints of Maharashtra namely, Saint Nivruttinath, Sant Dnyaneshwar, Sopandev, Muktabai, saint Eknath, Saint Namdev, and Saint Tukaram maharaj. Sometimes other sayings of saints are chosen. However poetry of poets in this modern era is generally not acceptable.
The show goes for 2 or 3 hours as time permits and is not divided into parts like "Naradiya Keertan". This form was effectively performed for years by personalities like "Hari Bhakti Parayan" (sincere devotee of god) Sonopant (mama) Dandekar, Dhunda maharaj Deglurkar, Babamaharaj Satarkar, Dekhanebuwa, and many others in modern times. An institute at Alandi near Pune offers training in this form of Keertan.
Jugalbandi Keertan.
This format is just like Naradiya Keertan. It was most evolved form that is performed by two persons together. The philosophy is presented from all angles, sometimes contradicting each other. The performance is more interesting as it goes in question-Answer form, sometimes creating a dialogue with audiences also. Finally both the performers come to a conclusion that gives some spiritual lesson for the listeners.

</doc>
<doc id="36779901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779901" title="Bon Baba Jan">
Bon Baba Jan

Bon Baba Jan (, also Romanized as Bon Bābā Jān) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 641, in 119 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779904" title="Zsigmond Forgách">
Zsigmond Forgách

Baron Zsigmond Forgách de Ghymes et Gács, sometimes Sigismund Forgách (; 1559 – 23 June 1621, Nagyszombat, today "Trnava" in Slovakia) was a Hungarian nobleman in the Kingdom of Hungary, who served as Palatine from 11 May 1618 to 23 June 1621.
Family.
The Forgách family was one of the eldest houses of Hungary. Zsigmond's parents were Baron Simon Forgách (died 1598) and Orsolya Pemflinger. His father functioned as Master of Cup-bearers. They had ten children (five boys and five girls), including Ferenc Forgách, Lord Chancellor and Archbishop of Esztergom, and Mihály Forgách, a soldier.
Zsigmond Forgách was born as a Protestant. He married three times, his wives were Katalin Losonci, Countess Zsuzsanna Thurzó and Countess Katalin Pálffy, with whom his eleven children were born (including Count Ádám Forgách, who served as, among others, Lord Chief Justice).
Political career.
Baron Zsigmond had been in Polish king Stephen Báthory's royal court since 1583. He became a Royal Counselor in 1599. He converted to Catholicism under the influence of Péter Pázmány. He acquired huge lands by his marriages. He functioned as Lord Lieutenant (Count; "comes") of Nógrád County between 1600 and 1621. He also served as Master of Cup-bearers from 1604 to 1607.
In 1604, he offered peace to Stephen Bocskay, leader of the Bocskay's War of Independence, but he was not authorized by King Rudolf or Crown Prince Matthias, so his offer was rejected. In 1605 at Kassa (today: "Košice, Slovakia"), he negotiated unsuccessfully, along with György Thurzó and Benedek Pogrányi, with the envoys of Bocskay.
Forgách served as Lord Chief Justice twice: from 15 July 1606 to 30 November 1608 and between 24 January 1610 and 11 May 1618. He was appointed one of the royal commissioners for repossession of the lands which returned to the Crown in 1607, according to the Treaty of Vienna between Bocskay and Archduke Matthias. Forgách functioned as Master of the Treasury between 1 December 1608 and January 1610. He was the Lord Lieutenant (Count; "comes") of Borsod County from 1609 to 1610.
He functioned as Captain General of Upper Hungary (Kassa district) and Végvidék between 1609 and 1618. He led an unsuccessful campaign against Prince Gabriel Báthori in Transylvania from June to September 1611. Fleeing to Wallachia and passing through Moldavia, he arrived to Kassa in November 1611. He also served as Count of Szabolcs (since 1612) and Sáros (since 1614) Counties.
After the death of György Thurzó, following a two-year period of vacancy, he was elected Palatine by the Diet of Hungary. Besides that he was also appointed Lord Lieutenant of Pest-Pilis-Solt County. After a series of victorious campaign of Gabriel Bethlen, Forgách joined to Bethlen's army in October 1619, but secretly maintained the contact with Ferdinand II. Later he rejoined to the Habsburg Army and participated in the Siege of Érsekújvár. Forgách died in 1621.
Legacy.
He rebuilt the castle of Gács (today: "Halič, Slovakia") on land which had been part of the estate of the owner of the county since 1598, choosing a site that was both strategic and offering natural fortifications. In 1612 it was repaired carefully and the foundations of an irregular hexagon was laid. On top of these; a storied building with six corner bastions was constructed, secured by a ditch and mounds. Wings of this hexagon led into a courtyard with plain walls, later covered with many murals depicting figures of the Roman emperors and the Hungarian kings between its windows and entrances.

</doc>
<doc id="36779905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779905" title="Cham Zhab">
Cham Zhab

Cham Zhab (, also Romanized as Cham Zhāb) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 857, in 170 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779910" title="Jahadabad, Ilam">
Jahadabad, Ilam

Jahadabad (, also Romanized as Jahādābād) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 392, in 77 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779914" title="Kal-e Sefid, Ilam">
Kal-e Sefid, Ilam

Kal-e Sefid (, also Romanized as Kal-e Sefīd and Kal Sefīd; also known as Gol-e Sefīd, Qal’a Safed, Qal‘eh Safīd, and Qal‘eh Sefīd) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 204, in 40 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779920" title="Kal-e Sefid">
Kal-e Sefid

Kal-e Sefid or Kal Sefid or Kal Safid () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36779929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779929" title="Dhaul Ranjha">
Dhaul Ranjha

Dhaul Ranjha is a village and Union council of Phalia Tehsil, Mandi Bahauddin District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is located at N 32°18'50 & E 73°23'20 with an altitude of 201 metres above sea level and lies about 18 km southeast of Mandi Bahauddin District on the Gujrat–Mandi Bahauddin Road. The nearest police station is Phalia Police Station, which is about 5 km to the east. The population of village is around 7,000. Most of the population are farmers.
Education.
There are government-run primary and middle schools for both boys and girls. There are also private schools as well. The literacy rate is increasing sharply.
Health.
There is a BHU in the village. A MBBS Dr. and other staff is providing health facilities to the peoples of village and others. In private sector few Clinics are providing facilities to the peoples.
Famous Personalities.
Late Ch. Muhammad Sharif Ranjha, Ghulam Qadar Ranjha, Haji Muhammad Nazir Ranjha, Haji Skindar Hayat Ranjha.
Judges.
Shahid Munir Ranjha (Saheed) belong from Dhaul Ranjha.
Famous Personalities in Youth.
Shafqat Muneer Ranjha (x-Nazim), Muhammad Afzal Ranjha (DZO), Javed Imran Ranjha (Advocate High Courts), Ghulam Mohiud Din Ranjha (ADPP), Safdar Iqbal Shaheen (Lecturer),Gultasab Hayat Ranjha(Advocate), Ahmad Hassan Ranjha (DDOR), Affzaal Ahmad Ranjha(SI), Zaheer Ahmad Dhothar (ZillaDar).
Community.
Majority population of the village belong to Ranjha community. People of other communities like Gondal, Kassar, Tarar etc. are also residing there.
Religious Personalities.
Hafiz Zahoor Ahmad, Hafiz Zain Ul Abiddin, Haji Asmat Ullah, Molana Abdul Hafeez.
Sports Activities.
People of the village take interest in Vollay Ball, Cricket, and Tent Paging.
There is a Ground for Horse Riding.
Source of Income.
Near about one thousand people of the village are residing in different countries of the World. Majority peoples are residing in Europe. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779936" title="Kolahjub-e Olya, Ilam">
Kolahjub-e Olya, Ilam

Kolahjub-e Olya (, also Romanized as Kolahjūb-e ‘Olyā; also known as Kolah Jū and Kolahjūb) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 788, in 150 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779941" title="Kolahjub-e Olya">
Kolahjub-e Olya

Kolahjub-e Olya () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36779955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779955" title="Visa requirements for Sovereign Military Order of Malta">
Visa requirements for Sovereign Military Order of Malta

, holders of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta passport for travel abroad can visit 104 countries and territories.

</doc>
<doc id="36779957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779957" title="Wayne Turner">
Wayne Turner

Wayne Turner may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36779959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779959" title="Mahtabi">
Mahtabi

Mahtabi (, also Romanized as Mahtābī) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 298, in 55 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779961" title="Moradabad, Ilam">
Moradabad, Ilam

Moradabad (, also Romanized as Morādābād) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779966" title="Sheykh Makan">
Sheykh Makan

Sheykh Makan (, also Romanized as Sheykh Makān; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Sheykh Mākhūn, Shaikh Mākūn, and Sheykh Mākhūn) is a village in Aramu Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 800, in 154 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36779971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779971" title="King L">
King L

Louis Johnson, (born 1987), better known by his stage name King L or King Louie is an American rapper from Chicago, Illinois. He is signed to the record label Epic Records. Spin Magazine attributed King L as being one of the Chicago rappers who made Chicago the "hottest hip-hop" scene in 2012.
Early life.
Although his family moved often, King L was raised in Champaign, Illinois. His mother was a dope addict so he stayed with his grandparents. He attended Corkery Elementary and Myra Bradwell Academy. After graduation, he attended Hyde Park Academy. As a freshman, he met "Impressive", another local Chicago rapper and would rap along with her at school. King L attributes her as being someone who influenced him to pursue a career in hip hop.
Career.
After Hyde Park Academy, King L began building a following through one-on-one mixtapes. He would hand out CDs at bus stops and parties. King L released his first tape entitled "Boss Shit" in September 2007. He released a follow-up entitled "Cloud 9", but his career was put on hold after he was hit by a car. He was hospitalized with both of his legs broken with various other injuries and had to learn to walk again after his injuries were healed. He later returned to music, releasing a series of mixtapes that he made available online. Songs from his releases received regular air time, including his song "Too Cool" which was placed in regular rotation at WGCI-FM. 
To promote his mixtapes, King L launched a series of music videos on YouTube. His first video was for the song "I'm Arrogant" which was the lead track from his 2010 mixtape "Man Up, Band Up". He released additional music videos and quickly grew a large following. It was his promotional methods on YouTube that helped him be one of the newer Chicago rappers to get noticed nationally.
In 2012, trip to Los Angeles, California, King L met and signed with Epic Records. While on his trip, Kanye West's record label GOOD Music released a remix of a song by Chicago hip-hop artist Chief Keef. During the release, West took time to mention numerous other up and coming artists, including King L. King L was later quoted on MTV's Sucker Free program that he was shocked and not aware that West was a fan. He would later appear on West's "Yeezus", performing a verse and the hook on the track "Send It Up". King L is being considered for the 2014 "XXL" freshman class.

</doc>
<doc id="36779972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779972" title="Orson M. Allaben">
Orson M. Allaben

Orson MacIntire Allaben (August 5, 1808 Delhi, Delaware County, New York – November 27, 1891 Margaretville, Delaware Co., NY) was an American physician and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of John Allaben (1785–1845) and Fezon (MacIntire) Allaben (1788–1867). The family removed to a farm in Roxbury, when he was still an infant. In December 1827, he began to study medicine with Dr. J. B. Cowles at Roxbury, graduated in 1831, and practiced medicine in Middletown. On October 17, 1832, he married Thankful Dimmick (born 1811). He was Supervisor of the Town of Middletown for seven terms; and was Chairman of the Board of Supervisors in 1863.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Delaware Co.) in 1840; Postmaster of Margaretville; and a director of the Rondout and Oswego Railroad.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (14th D.) in 1864 and 1865; and again of the State Assembly in 1870.
He was buried at the Woodland Cemetery in Delhi.
Assemblymen Jonathan C. Allaben (1813–1889) and James R. Allaben (1823–1893) were his brothers; Assemblyman Buel Maben (1815–1886) was his brother in law.
The hamlet of Allaben, in the Town of Shandaken, Ulster County, New York, was named after Orson M. Allaben.

</doc>
<doc id="36779976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779976" title="Flip Men">
Flip Men

Flip Men is an American reality television series starring Mike Baird and Doug Clark that premiered on Spike on October 25, 2011, and ran for two seasons. The series follows Baird and Clark as they purchase foreclosed houses at auction, remodel the homes and sell them for return profits. 
History.
A neighbor introduced Clark to producer Danny Thompson, who helped Clark and Baird make videos about their endeavors as professional house flippers, in an online series titled "Foreclosure Boys". They created approximately 90 videos over an 18-month period, which led to an introduction to Dave Broome (creator of "The Biggest Loser"), who would go on to create and executive produce "Flip Men". At the time, there was an excess of foreclosed houses on the market, following the financial meltdowns of 2008.
"Flip Men" premiered on Spike on October 25, 2011. It was picked up for a second season on January 31, 2012, with the season two premiere airing on August 5, 2012. The final episode aired in the US on September 23, 2012. On January 10 2012, Electus announced that it had secured the series to be broadcast internationally. The series first aired in Australia on One in October 2012. On January 7, 2014, the series started airing on Dave in the UK.
Overview.
Shot on location in and around Salt Lake City, Utah, the unscripted half-hour series follows Clark and Baird as they purchase foreclosed houses at bidding auctions and quickly fix them up to get them back on the market and turn a profit. They also renovate and hold some houses, waiting for the value to go up further. Because they have no legal right to enter a house until they win the auction, they do not the inside of the home until after a successful bid. When entering a house for the first time, they often have to kick the door down, since the houses don’t come with keys. Items Clark and Baird have found inside the homes include thousands of bees, wedding dresses, vehicles and television sets, as well as a house that was formerly a meth lab. They are able to make quick purchasing decisions based in large part on their understanding of specific neighborhoods and their values. When a foreclosed house doesn’t sell at auction, it is almost always subject to bank repossession, widely considered to be a negative result because banks are typically slower at turning around a foreclosed property.
Hosts.
Clark and Baird have contrasting personalities, with Clark more spontaneous and impulsive, while Baird is more careful and analytical. They often disagree over the risk involved in various properties. Prior to "Flip Men", they bought and sold an estimated 750 houses in the Salt Lake City area.
Doug Clark.
Clark was born and raised in Murray, Utah. After graduating from the University of Utah with a degree in economics and science, he became a commercial airline pilot for SkyWest Airlines. As a pilot, he found himself with a lot of free time, and became interested in learning more about the real estate business. After meeting Baird at a real estate auction, they formed Equity Capital Group in 2005. Clark continued to work as a pilot part-time until 2011, when he decided to focus solely on real estate. Since 2005, his companies Equity Capital Group and Clark Venture Capital have purchased nearly $50 million in property. Clark has said that while location is the most important factor in real estate, the most important factor in flipping is price.
Mike Baird.
Baird grew up in San Diego, California, and graduated from Brigham Young University's Marriott School of Management with a BA in business management in 2002. He then began to learn about home maintenance and repair, and started investing in real estate. He is the owner of Baird Investment Properties and Equity Capital Group.

</doc>
<doc id="36779984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36779984" title="Elyasabad, Ilam">
Elyasabad, Ilam

Elyasabad (, also Romanized as Elyāsābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780001" title="Mirrorball Entertainment">
Mirrorball Entertainment

Mirrorball Entertainment, LLC is a record label, publishing and production company based in Los Angeles. The company was co-founded in 2011 by industry veteran Tony Maserati and writer Stefan Skarbek and incorporated in California in 2012, Entity Number 201203810013. Mirrorball Entertainment has signed musical acts to record deals, including Cody Longo as well as writers to publishing deals. The company has also created strategic partnerships with manufacturers, including iZotope. Mirrorball has also worked with artist Judith Hill. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780004" title="HMAS Gunbar">
HMAS Gunbar

HMAS "Gunbar" (GN) was an auxiliary minesweeper operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II.
"Gunbar" was built by Ardrossan Drydock & Shipbuilding Company, Glasgow for the North Coast Steam Navigation Company and launched on 9 December 1911. She was sold in 1926 to the Gunbar Shipping Company> "Gunbar" was sold back to the North Coast Steam Navigation Company in 1929, before being sold again in the same year to Richardson & Company. She was sold again in 1935 to Smith & Ellis.
She was requisitioned by the RAN on 30 September 1940 and commissioned as HMAS "Gunbar" on 18 December 1940 for minesweeping duties during World War II. "Gunbar" was strafed and damaged during the Japanese air raid on Darwin on 19 February 1942, suffering nine casualties. She was converted to a boom gate vessel and served at Port Kembla and Sydney. She was paid off on 3 December 1945.
Bought by the RAN in 1946, she was sold to A.J. Ellerker and Company the same year. She was renamed "West River" and was in the process of being sold, however her sale fell though in 1950.
Fate.
"West River" was scrapped in Sydney in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="36780005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780005" title="Libby Houston">
Libby Houston

Libby Houston (born 9 December 1941) is an English poet, botanist, and rock climber. The native of North London has published several collections of poetry. Houston, a research associate at the School of Biological Sciences at the University of Bristol, has discovered several new species of whitebeam ("Sorbus"), one of which has been given her name. In addition to membership in several organizations related to botany, Houston is a participant in the Avon Gorge & Downs Wildlife Project. She was the recipient of the H. H. Bloomer medal in 2012. The award from the Linnean Society of London acknowledged her contribution to natural history, in particular, the body of knowledge of whitebeams in Britain, and the flora of Avon Gorge in Bristol, England.
Early life.
Libby Houston was born Elizabeth Maynard Houston on 9 December 1941 in North London, England and was raised in the West Country. She was educated at Lady Margaret Hall of the University of Oxford. In 1966, she married illustrator and musician Malcolm Dean (1941 – 1974) in Somerset. Houston published her first collection of poetry, "A Stained Glass Raree Show", in 1967, followed by "Plain Clothes" in 1971, "At the Mercy" in 1980, "Necessity" in 1988, "A Little Treachery" in 1990, and "All Change" in 1993. The poet has appeared on BBC radio broadcasts for children since the early 1970s. She was widowed in 1974 and married Roderick Jewell in 1979, moving that year to Bristol. Houston received a certificate in Science Biology from the University of Bristol.
Research at the University of Bristol.
Houston assisted Lewis Frost in what was previously known as the Department of Botany at the University of Bristol in his study of the flora of Avon Gorge in Bristol. The research included rare flora such as Spiked Speedwell ("Veronica spicata") and Bristol Rockcress ("Arabis scabra"). Her interest in the Avon Gorge flora was enhanced by her rock climbing prowess, which allowed her to study plants inaccessible to others. More recent work has been performed in conjunction with Simon Hiscock, Professor of Botany at the School of Biological Sciences at the University of Bristol, as well as Tim Rich, head of the vascular plant section at the National Museum Wales. That collaboration has centered on Avon Gorge whitebeams ("Sorbus").
She discovered a new hybrid of the tree, to which her name has been given, on a cliff of the Avon Gorge in 2005. Houston found the rare Houston's Whitebeam ("Sorbus x houstoniae"), a hybrid between the Common Whitebeam ("Sorbus aria") and the Bristol Whitebeam ("Sorbus bristoliensis"). The single existing example which has been found is only accessible with ropes. The Houston's Whitebeam was one of fourteen new whitebeam trees officially named in the February 2009 issue of Watsonia, the journal of the Botanical Society of the British Isles. Five of those new trees were discovered in Bristol. Houston's research also included the Wye Valley, where she discovered three of the new whitebeams.
Houston is a member of the Bristol Naturalists' Society, the Botanical Society of Britain and Ireland, and the Somerset Rare Plants Group. 
In April 2012, the botanist and poet participated in the exhibition at Bradbury Hall, Henleaze, Bristol, celebrating the 150th anniversary of the Bristol Naturalists' Society. She is also a participant in the Avon Gorge & Downs Wildlife Project, which was established in 1999 to protect the Bristol side of the Avon Gorge and Downs and to increase awareness of the site.
H. H. Bloomer Award.
On 24 May 2012, Houston, a research associate at the School of Biological Sciences at the University of Bristol, received the H. H. Bloomer Award from the Linnean Society of London to acknowledge her contribution to natural history, in particular to the body of knowledge of Avon Gorge flora and British whitebeams. The mission of the Linnean Society, founded in 1788, was stated in their first charter, "the cultivation of the Science of Natural History in all its branches." The H. H. Bloomer Award, which was established in 1963, was named after Harry Howard Bloomer, a naturalist who wrote a series of malacological papers over a period of more than fifty years. The silver medal is awarded by the society to an "amateur naturalist who has made an important contribution to biological knowledge."

</doc>
<doc id="36780006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780006" title="Eslamabad-e Olya, Ilam">
Eslamabad-e Olya, Ilam

Eslamabad-e Olya (, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780022" title="Eslamabad-e Sofla, Ilam">
Eslamabad-e Sofla, Ilam

Eslamabad-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Soflá; also known as Eslāmābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 940, in 212 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780029" title="Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery">
Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery

The Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery is a private art gallery in Sydney, Australia, that represents Australian and international artists, including Wim Delvoye, Patricia Piccinini and Bronwyn Oliver. In 2008 it was the site of a controversial exhibition of photographer Bill Henson's works, including portraits of naked children, several of which were removed by police before being returned to the gallery some weeks later. No charges were laid.
Gallery and artists.
Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery operates in the eastern Sydney suburb of Paddington. It was established in 1982 and is operated by Roslyn Oxley. It represents living artists including Bill Henson, and deceased artist estates including Rosalie Gascoigne and Bronwyn Oliver. The gallery has been a venue for events in the Sydney Contemporary Arts Festival. It is a member of the Australian Commercial Galleries Association. Major artists whose works have been exhibited at Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery include Patricia Piccinini in 2005 and 2010, and Wim Delvoye.
Bill Henson photographs.
In May 2008, Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery was preparing for an exhibition of the works of artist Bill Henson. The subjects of some works included nude teenage children. Following public complaints to the New South Wales police by eight individuals, including a complaint made by Hetty Johnston, a child protection advocate (from the organization Bravehearts), police raided the gallery and took into custody over 20 of Henson's photographs. The police considered whether the Gallery or Henson may have committed an offence of "production, dissemination or possession of child pornography". In the following days, ACT Policing also seized Henson works, held by the National Gallery of Australia, for consideration under separate legislation. Around two weeks after the photographs were taken from the gallery by police, prosecutors recommended against the laying of charges. The incident sparked national debate and some other galleries, including Newcastle Art Gallery and Albury Art Gallery, removed Henson works from their walls.
In May 2010, Roslyn Oxley9 Gallery hosted another show of Henson's work. The gallery submitted some of the works to the Australian Classification Board prior to exhibition, to obtain a classification. The Board concluded that the images would be "unlikely to offend a reasonable adult".

</doc>
<doc id="36780034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780034" title="Abbasabad, Darreh Shahr">
Abbasabad, Darreh Shahr

Abbasabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,835, in 350 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780045" title="Davide Cimolai">
Davide Cimolai

Davide Cimolai (born 13 August 1989) is an Italian professional road and track bicycle racer who rides for UCI ProTeam .
Born in Pordenone, Cimolai has competed as a professional since the 2010 season, competing for the team until the end of 2011, when he joined the squad for the 2012 season. Cimolai made his Grand Tour début at the 2012 Vuelta a España, where he was the team's main sprinter in a climber-stacked squad; he finished inside the top ten of a stage for the first time, when he placed seventh on the second stage.
Palmarès.
Grand Tour General Classification results timeline
WD = Withdrew; IP = In Progress

</doc>
<doc id="36780048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780048" title="Bahmanabad-e Olya">
Bahmanabad-e Olya

Bahmanabad-e Olya (, also Romanized as Bahmanābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Rashnowābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 248, in 54 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780060" title="Chaleh Siah, Ilam">
Chaleh Siah, Ilam

Chaleh Siah (, also Romanized as Chāleh Sīāh; also known as Sīkān and Sīkun) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780061" title="Rape and pregnancy controversies in United States elections, 2012">
Rape and pregnancy controversies in United States elections, 2012

During the 2012 United States election cycle, in federal and state elections, a series of controversies arose as a result of statements by Republican Party candidates about rape, pregnancy, contraception, abortion, and related topics. The first and most widely covered controversy concerned Republican U.S. Senate candidate Representative Todd Akin of Missouri, who stated that pregnancy rarely occurs as a result of what he called "legitimate rape." Medical experts said Akin's statement is false, and many women's rights groups found the phrase "legitimate rape" demeaning. Akin's comments had a far-reaching political impact, changing the focus of political campaigns across the country to the War on Women. Akin was eventually denounced by politicians in both the Republican and Democratic Parties, most prominently by presidential candidate Mitt Romney and President Barack Obama.
Following Akin's comments, additional controversies arose around other remarks made by various Republican politicians. The most notable of these was by Indiana State Treasurer and US Senate nominee Richard Mourdock, who said that life was "something that God intended", even if the pregnancy was due to rape. Some analysts identified the controversies around Mourdock's and Akin's comments, and those of other candidates, as a principal factor in their election losses. The comments may have had an effect on the national election results; many women voters supported Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama.
Background.
Some American pro-life activists say that pregnancy from rape is either rare or impossible. Studies have shown that the prevalence of pregnancy from rape is the same or greater than pregnancy from consensual sex. The theory regarding pregnancy from rape originated with Fred Mecklenburg in 1972. While serving as assistant clinical professor of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the University of Minnesota Medical School, Mecklenburg published an article entitled "The Indications for Induced Abortion: A Physician's Perspective". He wrote that pregnancy resulting from rape is "extremely rare", that during rape sexual intercourse is not always successfully completed, that the probability of rape coinciding with a woman's ovulation period is low, and that rape-induced trauma impedes ovulation. Although it is false, the idea that trauma might function as a form of birth control has been advanced by anti-abortion activists attempting to secure an unqualified ban on abortion. For example, the former President of the National Right to Life Committee and physician John C. Willke wrote in a 1985 text that when undergoing rape, the female body can physiologically prevent conception. Revisiting his statement in a 1999 article, published in the "Life Issues Connector", Willke wrote, "There's no greater emotional trauma that can be experienced by a woman than an assault rape ... This can radically upset her possibility of ovulation, fertilization and implantation." Willke, whose 1999 article has been posted on a pro-life website, said in August 2012 that rape, "is a traumatic thing" and women undergoing rape are "frightened, tight and so on. And sperm, if deposited in her vagina, are less likely to be able to fertilize. The tubes are spastic."
Several pro-life politicians have made similar statements. In 1975, Republican Senator Dewey F. Bartlett, tabling an unsuccessful legislative amendment to withdraw state funding for abortions, said, "A person who is raped very seldom becomes pregnant. Statistics show it is very rare." Pennsylvania state representative Stephen Freind said in 1988 that the odds of a pregnancy resulting from rape were "one in millions and millions and millions." James Leon Holmes published a letter in 1980 stating, "concern for rape victims is a red herring because conceptions from rape occur with approximately the same frequency as snowfall in Miami".
Statements on rape and pregnancy continued in the 1990s. In 1995, North Carolina House of Representatives member Henry Aldridge said during a debate to eliminate a state abortion fund for poor women, "The facts show that people who are raped—who are truly raped—the juices don't flow, the body functions don't work and they don't get pregnant. Medical authorities agree that this is a rarity, if ever." In 1998, Arkansas state senator Fay Boozman lost a campaign for a US Senate seat after saying that fear-induced hormonal changes made rape victims unlikely to become pregnant.
Todd Akin.
Todd Akin, a long-time anti-abortion activist, served as a Republican member of the House of Representatives for Missouri's 2nd congressional district from 2001 until 2013. On August 7, 2012, Akin won the Republican primary to become his party's nominee for the U.S. Senate election in Missouri. On August 19, Akin said that victims of what he termed "legitimate rape" rarely become pregnant. He said this during an interview aired on the St. Louis television station KTVI-TV when asked whether women who are raped and become pregnant should have the option of abortion. He replied:Well you know, people always want to try to make that as one of those things, well how do you, how do you slice this particularly tough sort of ethical question. First of all, from what I understand from doctors, that's really rare. If it's a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down. But let's assume that maybe that didn't work or something. I think there should be some punishment, but the punishment ought to be on the rapist and not attacking the child. Akin's comments almost immediately led to uproar; the term "legitimate rape" was assumed to imply that some types of rape are legitimate, or alternatively that rape victims who become pregnant are likely to be lying. Akin's words were based on long-discredited pseudoscience; experts said the claims lacked any medical validity. Senior figures in both parties condemned Akin's remarks and some called for him to resign his seat or abandon his Senate candidacy.
Akin apologized after making the comment, saying he "misspoke", and that he planned to remain in the Senate race. He stated that by "legitimate rape" he meant "forcible rape", saying, "I was talking about forcible rape ... I used the wrong word". His response was attacked by many commentators . Akin's congressional record showed support for limits to abortion, such as co-sponsoring a bill that would make abortion illegal even in the case of rape.
Akin responded to the comments by issuing a press release stating:As a member of Congress, I believe that working to protect the most vulnerable in our society is one of my most important responsibilities, and that includes protecting both the unborn and victims of sexual assault. In reviewing my off-the-cuff remarks, it's clear that I misspoke in this interview and it does not reflect the deep empathy I hold for the thousands of women who are raped and abused every year. Those who perpetrate these crimes are the lowest of the low in our society and their victims will have no stronger advocate in the Senate to help ensure they have the justice they deserve. On August 21, he issued a television commercial in which he said: 
Rape is an evil act. I used the wrong words in the wrong way and for that I apologize. As the father of two daughters, I want tough justice for predators. I have a compassionate heart for the victims of sexual assault, and I pray for them. The fact is, rape can lead to pregnancy. The truth is, rape has many victims. The mistake I made was in the words I said, not in the heart I hold. I ask for your forgiveness. In relation to the resulting furor over his original "legitimate rape" comment, Akin said: "I talk about one word, one sentence, one day out of place, and, all of a sudden, the entire establishment turns on you."
Response.
Senior Republicans strongly condemned Akin's remarks. The party's presidential nominee, Mitt Romney, said they were "inexcusable, insulting, and frankly, wrong", and called for Akin to step down; Paul Ryan, Romney's vice presidential nominee, echoed this call. The National Republican Senatorial Committee (NRSC) said that "if he continues with this misguided campaign, it will be without the support and resources of the NRSC." Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said Akin's remarks were "totally inexcusable" and "wildly offensive". Conservative commentators Sean Hannity, Charles Krauthammer and Mark Levin called for Akin to step aside, as did the editorial teams of the "Wall Street Journal" and "National Review", nine sitting US Senators, and four former Republican senators from Missouriincluding John Danforth, Kit Bond, James Talent and John Ashcroft, and serving Missouri Republican Senator Roy Blunt. Fellow Republican Congressmen and Senate hopefuls Jeff Flake and Denny Rehberg also called for Akin's resignation. The Republican Political Action Committee American Crossroads said it would cut off all aid to Akin's candidacy. Immediately after the comment, Scott Ross of NBC said that Akin's comments affected his Senate candidacy.
Republicans made multiple calls for Akin to step down as nominee. "The Washington Post" reported Republicans dissociating themselves from Akin as a means of damage control. NRSC chairman John Cornyn said the Republican Party would no longer provide Akin with Senate election funding and that Akin was "endangering Republicans' hopes of retaking the majority in the Senate". In August, when the comments were made, Nate Silver gave the Republicans over a 60 percent chance of gaining a majority in the Senate. During the controversy, Republican party officials said that Akin's remarks had shifted "the national discussion to divisive social issues that could repel swing voters rather than economic issues that could attract them in a climate of high unemployment and stumbling recovery". A campaign spokesman for Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan said both candidates disagreed with Akin's position and would not oppose abortion in instances of rape. Ryan telephoned Akin to advise him to step aside. RNC Chairman Reince Priebus warned Akin not to attend the upcoming 2012 Republican convention and said he should resign the nomination. Priebus described Akin's comments as "biologically stupid" and "bizarre" and said that, "This is not mainstream talk that he's referring to and his descriptions of whatever an illegitimate rape is. We're hoping he hears calls to drop out of the race".
Some social conservative organizations, including the Family Research Council defended Akin. A spokesman for the Council said, "We feel this is a case of gotcha politics ... We know who Todd Akin is. We've worked with him up on the hill. He's a defender of life." A representative of the American Family Association cited Willke's 1999 article and said Akin "was exactly right". In response to Republican demands that Akin resign, Personhood USA spokeswoman Jennifer Mason said that Akin's position "is an integral part of the Republican Party platform, the same position that was held by President Ronald Reagan" and that " are left with Reagan Republicans, who agree with the Republican Party platform on abortion, and Romney Republicans, a fringe group of liberals who compromise on human life." Mike Huckabee supported Akin by soliciting donations for his Senate campaign and accused the Republican establishment of a "carefully orchestrated and systematic attack." He was also critical of the Republican Senatorial Committee for demanding Akin's resignation.
Iowa Republican congressman Steve King supported Akin during the controversy, saying that Akin "is a strong Christian man, with a wonderful family". King answered a question about Medicaid's coverage for abortions for victims of rape and incest, saying "I just haven't heard of that being a circumstance that's been brought to me in any personal way, and I'd be open to discussion about that subject matter." King's comments were condemned by multiple sources, and others drew attention to their similarity to Akin's remarks. Controversy over Akin's comments ignited again after the election, when fellow Republican Representative Phil Gingrey, who is also an obstetrician, said Akin's comments were "partly right" when he said women's bodies can avoid pregnancy in cases of rape. Gingrey also said that he "delivered lots of babies" and " about these things". Gingrey also said he found nothing wrong with distinguishing "legitimate rape" from non-legitimate rape, which he defined as a false accusation. His office released a statement that said, "In my attempt to provide context as to what I presumed they meant, my position was misconstrued."
President Barack Obama responded to Akin's comments by saying "Rape is rape ... And the idea that we should be parsing and qualifying and slicing what types of rape we're talking about doesn't make sense to the American people and certainly doesn't make sense to me." Akin's opponent in the Senate campaign, Senator Claire McCaskill, said, "It is beyond comprehension that someone can be so ignorant about the emotional and physical trauma brought on by rape". Democratic members started a petition to remove Akin from the science committee.
Despite intense pressure to step aside, Akin resolved to remain in the race. On "The Sean Hannity Show", he said he, "was calling you and letting you know that I'm announcing today that we're in." On the "Mike Huckabee Show" he said, "Rape is never legitimate ... I used the wrong words in the wrong way." A national poll conducted by Angus Reid Public Opinion showed that 84% of Americans disagreed with Akin's comments about "legitimate rape", and that 63% wanted him to drop out of the U.S. Senate race.
Akin's comments were widely thought to be the main reason he lost the senatorial election. Exit polls reported that 64% of voters said that Akin's comment was important in their voting decision, and among those voters 74% voted for Claire McCaskill while 18% voted for Akin. According to Jennifer Haberkorn of "Politico", Akin lost his election bid because of a backlash from women voters. A poll released on August 23 by Rasmussen Reports showed a steep drop in support for Akin among Missouri voters; McCaskill led Akin in this poll by roughly 10 points. Akin had earlier been in the lead. Akin's comments encouraged new debates on the War on Women. Political analysts drew attention to Akin's co-sponsorship of anti-abortion bills with vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan, and the Obama campaign tried to link Ryan to Akin's remarks. James Rowley of "Businessweek" wrote that the incident had drawn attention to the Republican Party's advocacy for a total ban on abortion.
Richard Mourdock.
Richard Mourdock is the Indiana State Treasurer and 2012 Republican Senate nominee who had defeated six-term incumbent U.S. Senator Richard Lugar in the May 2012 Republican primary election with support from the Tea Party movement. On October 23, 2012, two weeks before the election, Mourdock was asked about abortion during a debate with Democrat nominee Joe Donnelly. He said:
I know there are some who disagree and I respect their point of view but I believe that life begins at conception. The only exception I have to have an abortion is in that case of the life of the mother. I just struggled with it myself for a long time but I came to realize: Life is that gift from God that I think even if life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that God intended to happen.
Dan Parker, chairman of the Indiana Democratic Party said, "As a pro-life Catholic, I’m stunned and ashamed that Richard Mourdock believes God intended rape".
He also said, "Victims of rape are victims of an extremely violent act, and mine is not a violent God. Do we need any more proof that Richard Mourdock is an extremist who’s out of touch with Hoosiers?" The day after the debate, Mourdock issued a statement saying, "God creates life, and that was my point. God does not want rape, and by no means was I suggesting that he does. Rape is a horrible thing, and for anyone to twist my words otherwise is absurd and sick." He later said at a press conference, "I believe God controls the universe. I don't believe biology works in an uncontrolled fashion." The controversy likely contributed to Mourdock's loss to Representative Joe Donnelly, and Tom LoBianco of Associated Press' "The Big Story" commented upon the similarities to Akin's comments. 
Response.
On October 22, a television commercial showing Governor Mitt Romney (the Republican nominee for United States President) supporting Mourdock began to air in Indiana. The Romney campaign subsequently issued a statement saying, "Gov. Romney disagrees with Richard Mourdock's comments, and they do not reflect his views," but it did not stop the commercial. Senator John Cornyn, chairman of the NRSC, said, "Richard and I, along with millions of Americansincluding even Joe Donnellybelieve that life is a gift from God. To try and construe his words as anything other than a restatement of that belief is irresponsible and ridiculous."
Many Republicans publicly called for Mourdock to apologize for the statement. Senator McCain called for him to issue an apology, and said his support for Mourdock's campaign "depends on what he does." Senator Scott Brown refused to state that he supported Mourdock in the election. Republican Representative Mike Pence urged Mourdock to apologize, and said in a statement, "I strongly disagree with the statement made by Richard Mourdock during last night's Senate debate". Responding to a question on Mourdock's comment, President Obama said on the "Tonight Show", "Rape is rape. It is a crime," and, "These various distinctions about rape don't make too much sense to me."
Other controversial statements.
Controversial comments about rape and abortion also came from other Republican legislators and legislative candidates. Following Todd Akin's comments, reporters at the Pennsylvania Press Club asked Pennsylvania Republican Senate candidate Tom Smith on August 27, 2012, how, considering his no-exceptions anti-abortion stance, he would tell a daughter or granddaughter who had been raped that she must keep the pregnancy. Smith said that he had been in a similar situation because his daughter had become pregnant out of wedlock. He said that he was not equating the two situations but that a father's position was similar. Salon magazine said, "If you believe pregnancy from rape and pregnancy from sex out of marriage are 'similar', then you implicitly believe that the problem with rape is that it's non-sanctioned sexual activity, as opposed to a crime against a woman's person."
Wisconsin State Assembly member Roger Rivard became the subject of controversy in October 2012 because of his 2011 comment about a case against a high school senior for raping a 14-year-old girl. He said that when he was a teenager his father had warned him that, "Some girls rape easy". Rivard later told the Journal-Sentinel that his words had been taken out of context and that "it was advice to me, telling me, 'If you're going to premarital sex, you may have consensual sex that night and then the next morning it may be rape.' So the way he said it was, 'Just remember, Roger, some girls, they rape so easy. It may be rape the next morning.'" Rivard lost the election to Democrat Stephen Smith.
On October 18, 2012, Republican Representative Joe Walsh said that due to scientific advances, an abortion is no longer necessary to save the life of the mother and that he therefore opposed policies that would allow a woman to have an abortion if pregnancy endangered her life. The following day, Walsh said that situations where "both mother and baby will die if the baby is not aborted" are "very rare," but he supported "medical procedures for women during their pregnancies that might result in the loss of the unborn child" in such cases.
John Koster, a Republican congressional candidate in Washington's 1st District, was asked after a campaign fundraiser on October 28, 2012, about exceptions from abortion prohibition for rape and incest victims. He said, "Incest is so rare, I mean, it's so rare ... But the rape thingyou know, I know a woman who was raped and kept the child, gave it up for adoption, and she doesn't regret it." He added, "On the rape thing, it's like, how does putting more violence onto a woman's body and taking the life of an innocent child that's a consequence of this crimehow does that make it better? You know what I mean?" His comments, including the use of the words "rape thing", drew local and national criticism. Koster acknowledged that his comments may have caused him to lose the election in Washington's most competitive district.
Wider impact.
The overall response to the controversies was negative, and some commentators blamed them for Republican losses during the election. Republican political consultant and policy advisor Karl Rove wrote in an opinion piece for the "Wall Street Journal", "Offensive comments about rape by Senate candidates in Missouri and Indiana gave the media an excuse to put social issues at the election's center in a way that badly hurt the entire party, as well as costing Republicans two Senate seats." The comments from otherwise low-profile candidates may have cost Mitt Romney the election and reinforced some voters' concerns that the GOP is out of touch with women. They also were credited with helping President Obama win the women's vote at the 2012 presidential election.
Karen Hughes, a former adviser to George W. Bush, wrote in "Politico", "And if another Republican man says anything about rape other than it is a horrific, violent crime, I want to personally cut out his tongue. The college-age daughters of many of my friends voted for Obama because they were completely turned off by Neanderthal comments like the suggestion of 'legitimate rape.'" Brad Bannon of US News and World Report wrote, "The insults may also have an ironic backlash. Ryan, Akin, Mourdock, and Koster are poster boys for the need for more women in Congress, so Republican attacks on women may mean the election of more women." The conservative blog Hot Air linked Akin's remarks to a ten percent shift in US public opinion polls toward supporting legalizing abortion in all circumstances. In a column in "Salon", Joan Walsh wrote, "suddenly Americans had to try to imagine how doctors or hospital administrators or law enforcement officials would decide what was 'legitimate rape,' as opposed to something else. Rape panels?"
The controversies caused the Republican Party to look for ways to prevent its election candidates from making similar comments about rape. Kevin Madden, a Republican strategist and senior adviser to the Mitt Romney presidential campaign, said, "This is actually pretty simple. If you're about to talk about rape as anything other than a brutal and horrible crime, stop". Anti-abortion groups, such as the Susan B. Anthony List, launched training programs to prevent controversial statements on rape and abortion. Republican pollster Kellyanne Conway told Republican members of the House of Representatives that rape is a "four-letter word" and Republicans need to avoid discussing it.

</doc>
<doc id="36780068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780068" title="Sikan, Iran">
Sikan, Iran

Sikan, Iran may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36780074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780074" title="Trinity and Brazos Valley Railway">
Trinity and Brazos Valley Railway

The Trinity and Brazos Valley Railway of Texas came into existence on October 7, 1902, originally chartered to build a railroad from Johnson County to the Beaumont area near the Gulf coast. It took its name from the Trinity and Brazos rivers. It was commonly known as the “Boll Weevil," though it referred to itself as the "Valley Road."
The first line opened between Hillsboro and Mexia in October 1903. It was extended north to Cleburne in January 1904, making a total of 78 miles of track between Cleburne and Mexia.
Financial problems in the system led to its purchase by Colorado and Southern (C&S) on August 1, 1905. Benjamin F. Yoakum, a railroad executive who was a director of the C&S, was contracted to build more track in Trinity and Brazos Valley system. As part of the construction deal, C&S sold one-half of the securities issued for the project to Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, making the T&BV half-owned by both CRIP and the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad (parent of the C&S).
A southern extension of 224 miles from Mexia to Houston was built from 1905-1907. T&BV contracted with the Missouri-Kansas-Texas Railroad (MKT) between Waxahachie and Dallas, while it used Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe Railway (GC&SF) tracks on its northwestern end between Cleburne and Fort Worth and on its southeastern end between Houston and Galveston. In Houston, T&BV took a one-quarter interest in the Houston Belt and Terminal Railway, which was being built by Yoakum at the time.
The Trinity and Brazos Valley was placed into receivership on June 16, 1914, having been unprofitable since 1905. Its trackage rights with MKT and GC&SF were canceled at that time. The receiver appointed was John W. Robins, replaced by L.H. Atwell and then John A. Hulen in 1919.
In 1930, the business was reorganized as the Burlington-Rock Island Railroad Company with Hulen as the first president. Operating 303 miles of track at that time, BRI was still owned by CRIP and C&S.
Also, the portion from Teague to Houston is still surviving today as a very active BNSF mainline. The rest of the line from Teague to Cleburne, and Cleburne to Waxahachie, is abandoned and forgotten.
Financial information.
The capital stock to begin the railroad was $300,000. In 1916, it reported earnings of over $1 million ($842,000 in freight and the rest in passenger). By 1926, it owned 37 locomotives and freight earnings had climbed to $2.6 million, with passenger earnings down 15 percent from 1916 levels.

</doc>
<doc id="36780105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780105" title="Edgard Hérouard">
Edgard Hérouard

Edgard Joseph Émile Hérouard (18 March 1858 in Saint-Quentin, Aisne - 22 March 1932 in Paris) was a French marine biologist.
In 1889 he started work as a préparateur at the Sorbonne, earning his doctorate in natural sciences during the following year. From 1895 he served as "chef des travaux pratiques de zoologie". In 1901 he was named vice-president of the Société zoologique de France, and soon afterwards was appointed assistant director of the Station biologique de Roscoff.
In 1910 he attained the title of associate professor, becoming a professor "without chair" in 1921.
Hérouard is known for his investigations of sea cucumbers, providing descriptions of numerous Holothurian species. Also, with Yves Delage (1854-1920), he is credited with describing the Order Hymenostomatida (1896).

</doc>
<doc id="36780106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780106" title="Sebastián Aguirre">
Sebastián Aguirre

Sebastián Aguirre (born Montevideo, 15 July 1976) is a Uruguayan rugby union player. He plays as a fly-half. He is the younger brother of Diego Aguirre, also an international player for the "Teros".
Aguirre currently plays for Carrasco Polo Club. He was suspended for five months on October 2008, after incidents at the match with Old Christians.
He had 28 caps for Uruguay, from 1998 to 2007, scoring 1 try, 3 conversions, 5 penalties and 1 drop goal, 29 points on aggregate.
Aguirre was selected for the 1999 Rugby World Cup, playing a single match, and for the 2003 Rugby World Cup, playing in three matches, but never scoring. He was involved in the 2007 Rugby World Cup qualifyings, lost in the repechage to Portugal, the last time he played for the "Teros".

</doc>
<doc id="36780128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780128" title="Miss Gabon">
Miss Gabon

Miss Gabon is a national beauty pageant that selects Gabonese representative to the Miss Universe, Miss World, Miss Earth, Miss International and Miss Supranational pageant.
Titleholders.
Traditionally, the winner of Miss Gabon represents her country at Miss Universe. On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent.
Lists of Miss Gabon at International pageants.
In addition, Miss Gabon will be selecting the official candidates to represent Gabon at International pageants. Since 2009–present, Gabon competed at the Miss Universe for the official winner, and the runner-ups goes to the Miss World, Miss Earth, Miss International, Miss Supranational and Miss Tourism World.

</doc>
<doc id="36780137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780137" title="Chaleh Siah">
Chaleh Siah

Chaleh Siah () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36780149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780149" title="Cham Namesht">
Cham Namesht

Cham Namesht () is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 15 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780173" title="Choqapukeh">
Choqapukeh

Choqapukeh (, also Romanized as Choqāpūkeh; also known as Ashrafābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 445, in 90 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780180" title="Offensive Fouls">
Offensive Fouls

Offensive Fouls is a Canadian play about racism. It was written by Jason Long. The play premiered in 1999 and was initially produced by All Nations Theatre, the organization that commissioned Long to write the play. Hustle n' Bustle Theatre made its debut with the play in 2011. There are only two characters in the play: Joey, a 17-year-old Irish-Canadian basketball player; and Christine, his Chinese-Canadian girlfriend. The plot follows Joey as he is benched from his basketball team after Christine suspects that he was involved in a racially motivated corner-store vandalism incident. "Offensive Fouls" is intended for an adolescent audience. The play was nominated for a Dora Mavor Moore Award.

</doc>
<doc id="36780222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780222" title="What Degree? Which University?">
What Degree? Which University?

What Degree? Which University? is a free university student-run website that profiles the major Australian tertiary education institutions and their degree programs, as well as providing advice on the university experience. Its aim is to assist prospective and current Australian undergraduate students to make informed university decisions.
Categories.
The "What Degree?" and "Which Uni?" sections of the website provide information on Australian universities and their degree programs, along with profiles of current and former students who are currently or have formerly been enrolled in degree programs at particular institutions.
The website also provides articles and information on student life, student housing, and graduate opportunities for university leavers through the "Lifestyle", "Student Housing", "Survival Guide" and "After Uni" sections.
History.
The creator of "What Degree? Which University?" is David Handley, who is also the founding director of international sculpture exhibition, "Sculpture by the Sea". Handley first conceptualised "What Degree? Which University?" whilst studying his final year of Law at the University of Sydney.
In 1988, "What Degree? Which University?" initially took form through university seminars held at the University of Sydney, allowing prospective students to compare degree options by hearing current and former students of undergraduate degree programs discuss their studying experiences.
Handley resurrected the concept in 2010 with the help of a team of undergraduate students, and launched "What Degree? Which University?" as a website in August 2011. Six months after its launch, "What Degree? Which University?" had attracted more than 22,000 visitors and expanded to provide information about universities across Australia.
Present.
Today, the website covers 23 Australian universities and is staffed by 17 undergraduate and postgraduate students Australia-wide, who manage and produce the content for the site. "What Degree? Which University?" claims to have had 77,500 visits to the website (55,000 of which being unique visitors) and 450,000 page visits.

</doc>
<doc id="36780225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780225" title="IUPAC/IUPAP Joint Working Party">
IUPAC/IUPAP Joint Working Party

IUPAC/IUPAP Joint Working Party is a group formed periodically by IUPAC and IUPAP to consider claims for discovery and naming of new elements. Sometimes/officially called the Joint Working Party on Discovery of Elements. The JWP recommendations are voted on by the General Assembly of the IUPAP.

</doc>
<doc id="36780227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780227" title="Gnaeus Octavius (consul 76 BC)">
Gnaeus Octavius (consul 76 BC)

Gnaeus Octavius was consul of the Roman Republic in 76 BC.
A member of the Plebeian gens Octavia, Gnaeus Octavius was elected Praetor by 79 BC at the latest. He may have been the "praetor urbanus" who introduced the "Formula Octaviana", a law which provided for the restoration of property and money which had been obtained by violent acts, or by threats of violence. Gnaeus Octavius was elected consul for 76 BC, with Gaius Scribonius Curio as his colleague.
Scorned as an orator, he was also plagued with attacks of gout, which eventually made it impossible for him to walk.

</doc>
<doc id="36780239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780239" title="Delfanabad">
Delfanabad

Delfanabad (, also Romanized as Delfānābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 439, in 79 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780244" title="Dashtabad-e Olya">
Dashtabad-e Olya

Dashtabad-e Olya (, also Romanized as Dashtābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Dashtābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 461, in 97 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780256" title="Dashtabad-e Sofla">
Dashtabad-e Sofla

Dashtabad-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Dashtābād-e Soflá; also known as Dashtābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 16 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36780258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780258" title="Alan McKim">
Alan McKim

Alan S. McKim is an American businessman who co-founded Clean Harbors Environmental Services, Inc., the leading provider of environmental, energy and industrial services throughout North America, in 1980. In January 2012, Alan McKim's Family Foundation donated $5 million to the South Shore Hospital of Weymouth. He is also a Member of the Board of Trustees at Northeastern University and on September 12, 2012 he joined Richard D'Amore to donate $60 million to the College of Business Administration. It was the 4th largest donation to a business school in US history. In honor of the donation, Northeastern renamed its business school to the D’Amore-McKim School of Business.

</doc>
<doc id="36780263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780263" title="Seo In-young discography">
Seo In-young discography

The discography of the South Korean solo artist Seo In-Young consists of one studio album, four extended plays, three singles, eight promotional singles, three collaborations and three soundtrack appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="36780265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780265" title="Dashtabad">
Dashtabad

Dashtabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36780271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780271" title="Fazelabad, Ilam">
Fazelabad, Ilam

Fazelabad (, also Romanized as Fāẕelābād and Fazlābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 425, in 72 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780284" title="Farhadabad, Ilam">
Farhadabad, Ilam

Farhadabad (, also Romanized as Farhādābād; also known as Farhānābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 370, in 82 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780286" title="North-West University Botanical Garden">
North-West University Botanical Garden

History.
The history of the North-West University Botanical Garden dates back to 1962 when dr. Wynand Louw, a botany lecturer, requested land from the then Potchefstroom University for Christian Higher Education for the establishment of a garden to grow plant material needed for formal practical laboratory sessions in botany. The garden was referred to as the Veld Garden during this initial period. The impetus to develop a proper botanical garden did however not start until 1971 with the arrival of prof. Daan Botha, a plant systematics lecturer. Curation of the Garden started in 1973 when mr. Bert Ubbink was appointed as curator. He was responsible for the initial design of the garden and also oversaw the layout of pathways, the construction of the office building, ponds as well as the rocky ridge and waterfall. The plant collections of the Botanical Garden also quickly expanded and two greenhouses were built to house the frost tender succulents and xerophytes as well as tropical and subtropical plants. In 1982 the Botanical Garden was officially opened to the public. Past curators include mr. Bert Ubbink (1973-2003), mr. Peter Mortimer (2003-2007), mr. Martin Smit (2007-2011) and mr. Chris van Niekerk (2012- ).
Key functions and activities.
The North-West University Botanical Garden fulfills many key functions within the North-West University most notably supporting the training of students and research. Even though horticulture is not taught at the North-West University, an internship program funded by AgriSETA was started in 2011 to give young horticulturalists a chance to gain valuable practical experience. Besides the academic functions the Botanical Garden is also involved with conservation efforts of numerous threatened indigenous plant species particularly threatened species endemic to the North West Province of South Africa. In 2008 the Botanical Garden signed up to the International Agenda for Botanic Gardens in Conservation that commits the Garden to contribute to the 16 conservation targets set out in the Global Strategy for Plant Conservation (GSPC). The Garden has made many contributions towards species conservation most notably in 2011 when the Garden donated seeds of a newly discovered and already threatened monotypic species, "Prototulbaghia siebertii", to the Millennium Seed Bank Project.
The Garden also provides may educational opportunities to visitors and the local community. Visitor friendly plant labels, emphasizing common plant names and plant uses, are used throughout the Garden. The Garden also regularly supports community projects such as creation of school and community gardens. In 2008 a partnerships was established with the North-West University Science Centre to also give local school groups exposure to the biological sciences during the annual National Science Week by providing suitable programming in the Botanical Garden.
In 2008 an old hall in the office building, that once housed the A.P. Goossens Herbarium, was converted into a multipurpose space and has since then been used by the North-West University Gallery for various art exhibitions and also as a classroom for visiting school groups. Art exhibitions are held in the Gallery and Botanical Garden year round. The Garden also serves as an official venue for the Aardklop National Arts Festival since 2008.
Plant collection.
Garden and theme gardens.
Even though the North-West University Botanical Garden spans less than three hectares more than a 1500 plant species can be found here. Most plants in the Botanical Garden are indigenous to South Africa with the exception of a few exotic plants which are kept for research or educational value. A large section of the garden, around a man-made ridge, is managed as a natural wooded grassland area. A variety of theme gardens make up the rest of the Botanical Garden, including the swamp garden, vlei garden, contemporary indigenous garden, vegetable and herb garden, invader display, plant evolution garden and succulent rockery. Some more common plant genera represented in the garden include Acacia, Aloe, Bonatea, Crinum, Dierama, Encephalartos, Eucomis, Eulophia, Euphorbia, Gasteria, Gladiolus, Haworthia, Hypoxis, Indigofera, Kniphofia, Plectranthus, Podocarpus, Polygala, Scadoxus, Searsia, Stapelia and Zantedeschia.
Tropical greenhouse.
In the tropical greenhouse a variety of tropical and subtropical plants from all over the world can be found. Some of the plants include a variety of food and medicinal plants including "Coffea arabica" (coffee), "Camellia sinensis" (tea), "Vanilla planifolia" (vanilla), "Saccharum officinarum" (sugarcane), "Cinnamomum zeylanicum" (cinnamon), "Oryza sativa" (rice), "Theobroma cacao" (cacao), "Siphonochilus aethiopicus" (wild ginger), "Warburghia salutaris" (pepper bark tree) and "Piper nigrum" (pepper). The tropical greenhouse also houses many other exotic plants from a variety of families most notably the Orchid family. Many indigenous epiphytic orchids such as "Ansellia africana" (leopard orchid) and "Mystacidium capense", can be found in this greenhouse. Other interesting plants on display include "Amorphophallus titanum" (giant corpse flower), "Hydnophytum formicarum" (ant plant), "Heliconia humilis" (lobster plant), "Nepenthes alata" (pitcher plant) and "Ravenala madagascariensis" (travelers palm). In 2010 "Victoria cruziana" (giant Amazon waterlily) was also successfully grown in the tropical greenhouse which drew numerous curious visitors to the Garden. This was the first successful recorded cultivation in many decades for South Africa.
Succulent greenhouse.
In the succulent greenhouse a variety of succulents and other xerophytes can be found with most species indigenous to Southern Africa and Madagascar. Some of the interesting plants on display include "Myrothamnus flabellifolius" (resurrection plant), "Didierea madagascariensis" (octopus tree), "Adansonia digitata" (baobab), "Fockea edulis" (kambro), "Hoodia gordonii" (ghaap), "Aloe dichotoma" (quiver tree), "Sceletium tortuosum" (kougoed), "Welwitschia mirabilis", "Frithia humilis" (fairy elephant's feet) and "Euphorbia louwii" (named after dr. Wynand Louw). Some locally threatened plants such as "Nananthus vittatus", (bushveld vygie), "Aloe peglerae" (red hot poker aloe), "Euphorbia knobelii", "Euphorbia perangusta" and "Lithops lesliei" (living stones) are also on display.

</doc>
<doc id="36780298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780298" title="Partition matroid">
Partition matroid

In mathematics, a partition matroid or partitional matroid is a matroid formed from a direct sum of uniform matroids.
Definition.
Let formula_1 be a collection of disjoint sets, and let formula_2 be integers with formula_3. Define a set formula_4 to be "independent" when, for every index formula_5, formula_6. Then the sets that are independent sets in this way form the independent sets of a matroid, called a partition matroid. The sets formula_1 are called the blocks of the partition matroid. A basis of the matroid is a set whose intersection with every block formula_1 has size exactly formula_2, and a circuit of the matroid is a subset of a single block formula_1 with size exactly formula_11. The rank of the matroid is formula_12.
Every uniform matroid formula_13 is a partition matroid, with a single block formula_14 of formula_15 elements and with formula_16. Every partition matroid is the direct sum of a collection of uniform matroids, one for each of its blocks.
In some publications, the notion of a partition matroid is defined more restrictively, with every formula_17. The partitions that obey this more restrictive definition are the transversal matroids of the family of disjoint sets given by their blocks.
Properties.
As with the uniform matroids they are formed from, the dual matroid of a partition matroid is also a partition matroid, and every minor of a partition matroid is also a partition matroid. Direct sums of partition matroids are partition matroids as well.
Matching.
A maximum matching in a graph is a set of edges that is as large as possible subject to the condition that no two edges share an endpoint. In a bipartite graph with bipartition formula_18, the sets of edges satisfying the condition that no two edges share an endpoint in formula_19 are the independent sets of a partition matroid with one block per vertex in formula_19 and with each of the numbers formula_2 equal to one. The sets of edges satisfying the condition that no two edges share an endpoint in formula_22 are the independent sets of a second partition matroid. Therefore, the bipartite maximum matching problem can be represented as a matroid intersection of these two matroids.
More generally the matchings of a graph may be represented as an intersection of two matroids if and only if every odd cycle in the graph is a triangle containing two or more degree-two vertices.
Clique complexes.
A clique complex is a family of sets of vertices of a graph formula_23 that induce complete subgraphs of formula_23. A clique complex forms a matroid if and only if formula_23 is a complete multipartite graph, and in this case the resulting matroid is a partition matroid. The clique complexes are exactly the set systems that can be formed as intersections of families of partition matroids for which every formula_17.
Enumeration.
The number of distinct partition matroids that can be defined over a set of formula_15 labeled elements, for formula_28, is
The exponential generating function of this sequence is formula_29.

</doc>
<doc id="36780303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780303" title="Swimming at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 50 metre backstroke">
Swimming at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 50 metre backstroke

The men's 50 metre backstroke event at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships took place 25 July. The heats and swmi-finals took place 24 July, with the final being held on 25 July.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="36780304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780304" title="Jahangirabad, Ilam">
Jahangirabad, Ilam

Jahangirabad (, also Romanized as Jahāngīrābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 533, in 105 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780312" title="WMWC-TV">
WMWC-TV

WMWC-TV is a religious television station serving as an owned and operated station of the Trinity Broadcasting Network for the Quad Cities area of west-central Illinois and eastern Iowa. Licensed to Galesburg, Illinois, it broadcasts a standard definition digital signal on VHF channel 8 (virtual channel 53.1 via PSIP) from a transmitter in Orion, Illinois that is also occupied by KWQC-TV, KLJB and WQAD-TV.
Digital television.
WMWC-TV broadcasts on digital channel 8. The station's signal, unlike most other TBN-owned full-power stations, is currently not multiplexed:
Because it was granted an original construction permit after the FCC finalized the DTV allotment plan on April 21, 1997, the station did not receive a companion channel for a digital television station. Instead, at the end of the digital TV conversion period for full-service stations, WMWC would have been required to turn off its analog signal and turn on its digital signal (called a "flash-cut"). WMWC's original analog allocation was UHF channel 67, though the application was subsequently amended to specify digital operation on channel 53; however, both channels were removed from the TV bandplan at the end of the digital television transition in the United States. Since WQAD-TV elected to stay on its pre-transition digital UHF channel 38 allocation after the digital transition, Northwest Television, the original owners of WMWC, elected WQAD's former analog channel allocation, VHF channel 8, as the channel on which to broadcast WMWC's post-transition digital signal. As WQAD remaps to virtual channel 8 because of its former analog allocation, WMWC legally cannot keep the virtual channel mapping at 8; instead, it remaps to virtual channel 53 via PSIP.
The station originally planned to go on the air on September 1, 2001 as the UPN affiliate for the Quad Cities market. Although Northwest Television owned the station, operations were to have been handled by Second Generation of Iowa, owner of KFXA in Cedar Rapids. However, Grant Broadcasting System II, the owner of KLJB-TV and KGWB-TV, filed an petition to deny the application, and the construction permit was not granted until July 20, 2007—nearly a year after UPN (which affiliated with WBQD-LP in 2002) closed down.
WMWC never signed on an analog signal prior to June 12, 2009. As a result, when it took to the air on August 20, 2012, it became the first television station in the Quad Cities to have signed on as a digital-only station, more than three years after full-power stations ended analog broadcasts. WMWC is available in analog on Mediacom cable channel 17 and in digital on channel 79.3 with digital television sets with built-in QAM tuners and channel 17 with digital or HD set-top boxes and digital adapters. On June 5, 2012, the station was assigned the call letters WMWC. A TBN affiliate from its sign-on, WMWC was acquired from Northwest Television by the network in December 2012. On June 13, 2013, TBN added the "-TV" suffix to the station's callsign.

</doc>
<doc id="36780320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780320" title="Gholamabad, Ilam">
Gholamabad, Ilam

Gholamabad (, also Romanized as Gholāmābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 27 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780329" title="Hashemabad, Ilam">
Hashemabad, Ilam

Hashemabad (, also Romanized as Hashemābād; also known as Sīkān) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 213, in 50 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780350" title="MV Nimbin">
MV Nimbin

The Nimbin was a steel screw steamer built in 1927 at Copenhagen, that was the first motor vessel placed into the New South Wales coastal trade it was owned and operated by the North Coast Steam Navigation Company and was the first Australian registered merchant ship to be lost during World War II when it struck a mine laid by the German auxiliary cruiser Pinguin. The "Nimbin" was on its way from Coffs Harbour to its home port, Sydney, with a cargo of bundled three-ply timber and a large number of pigs. One third of the ship was blown away and it sank in three minutes. Seven men were killed. The remaining thirteen clung to bundles of plywood. Some hours later an air force plane from RAAF Base Rathmines saw the survivors and directed the coastal ship SS "Bonalbo" to the scene to pick up the survivors.
Ship Description & Construction.
The "Nimbin" was the first motor ship to be employed on the New South Wales coast, and run between Sydney and the northern rivers. 
The vessel was built on the slips at the yards of the builders, Burmeister and Wain in Copenhagen and completed in late June 1927
Upon arrival in Sydney the vessel was described as
The "Nimbin" is a vessel of with a length of , a width of , and a depth of . She has a total cargo space of 60,900 cubic feet, and is fitted for the carrying of refrigerated cargo. She ¡s a single-screw vessel, propelled by a Burmeister and Wain 6-cylinder 4-cycle Diesel marine engine, with two auxiliary engines for maintaining the electric light and refrigerating services, and for working the winches and other gear. At her speed trials she developed 12.1 knots. A feature of the vessel is the accommodation for the crew, who have, for Instance, a bathroom fitted with hot and cold showers, in fresh and salt water. The three lifeboats are fitted with patent disengaging gear, which it is claimed, can be set afloat by unskilled hands in the space of half a minute. 
Ship service history.
Delivery and Maiden Voyage.
The "Nimbin" left Copenhagen, her launching port under the command of Captain R.M. Beedie on June 21 with a cargo of 305,000 superficial feet of Baltic pine from Hargshamn, Sweden and completed the journey to Sydney on the 27 of August in 65 days. During the delivery voyage the vessel ran into a gale in the Red Sea (the so-called “calm belt”) which continued unabated for four days. Upon passing out of the Red Sea, the vessel then encountered the full force of the monsoonal winds, which persisted until it reached Colombo. Then from Colombo to Cape Leeuwin the ship was, in the words of her officers, "under water the whole way," and lost a quantity of her deck cargo of timber. Through it all the "Nimbin" did not once develop engine-trouble.
After arrival, the vessel was taken to Mort's Dock for inspection and was docked for overhaul before being placed in commission and into the so-called North Coast Butter Run to the Clarence and Richmond River a similar but of lighter draught vessel was then ordered for use in the Macleay River trade.
The North Coast Steam Navigation Company's then new motor ship left Sydney on the afternoon of Tuesday 13 September 1927 on the her maiden voyage in the coastal trade. She is the first motor ship to be employed on the New South Wales coast, and ran between Sydney and the Clarence River.
Early Incidents.
7 Weeks after going into service Frederick Hoskins the second officer on the ship, was fatally injured on 2 November when he fell down the hold of the vessel while the ship was between Lismore and Ballina.
At the time the crew, under the direction of Hoskins, were erecting a chute for the loading of sugar when, by some unknown means, Hoskins fell the 15 feet into the hold. He was put ashore and taken find to Coraki Hospital, where he died the following morning.
Nearly a year later in mid October 1928 while coming in across the Richmond bar the "Nimbin" touched the northern wall lightly causing the steering gear carried away and some slight damage was done to one of the plate at the water line. Temporary repairs were affected at Ballina. The steamer proceeded up the river, no tug was available to help the disabled vessel and had the accident happened further out the steamer may have become a wreck.
Ballina Grounding.
At 6am on Monday the 22 February 1932 in a heavy fog the "Nimbin" went ashore about three miles south of Ballina Heads. The sea was calm at the time, with the fog driving from the north. The ports pilot at Ballina, Captain Lyttle, on learning of the plight of the "Nimbin", immediately left port in a motor launch and called upon the dredge "Tethys" commanded by Captain Munro, was ordered t o he scene at about 7:30 am, and stood by the stranded vessel. A heavy cable was passed on board and an attempt was made to tow her off, but a fall in the tide had left the "Nimbin" more firmly wedged on the sand The attempt was abandoned for the time, and it was decided to await the high tide and the arrival of stronger salvage gear. So the dredge returned to port to take on more coal and to take out the cables and anchors which are available at Ballina for salvage purposes she and returned to the "Nimbin" in the afternoon, but her efforts met with no success.
The North Coast S.N. Company ordered their steamer "Ulmarra", which was close by, to proceed to the "Nimbin", and it is hoped that she will be able to effect a salvage on the following mornings flood tide as it was thought that it should be powerful enough to tow the "Nimbin" off the sand if the "Nimbin’s" position did not become worse during the night. Additionally the company ordered its steamer "Arakoon" to leave Sydney with Captain D W Gibson, of the Sydney Marine Underwriters' and Salvage Association on board the latest salvage gears being taken to Ballina by Captain Gibson on the "Arakoon".
After being aground on the beach for 24 hours the "Nimbin" was success-fully refloated under her own power about 9:15am Tuesday 23 February. The cargo was intact but a quantity of oil was pumped from the tanks The company's vessel "Ulmarra", which had been ordered to the scene, was standing by, and had a tow line aboard, but her assistance was not required The dredge "Tethys" from Ballina also stood by. Sea anchors had been placed some distance to seaward, and were secured with lines to the "Nimbin" When the tide was at flood, the "Nimbin’s" motors were started, and she hauled on the anchors, and soon slid off the sand The salvage gear had been taken to the "Nimbin" on Monday night After picking up the gear the "Nimbin" proceeded inside the Richmond River, safely negotiating the bar She then commenced to discharge her Sydney cargo The "Ulmarra" proceeded to the Clarence River. Captain Raymer, of the "Nimbin", stated that the vessel was travelling at half speed in a heavy haze, which was hanging low over the sea, when the stranding occurred He said that no damage had been done to the vessel.
The steamer "Arakoon" which had been loaded a quantity of salvage gear and had dispatched from Sydney late on the Monday night to assist the Nimbin was advised the same morning that the Nimbin was refloated by a message sent from the lighthouse-keeper at Seal Rocks.
Later Incidents.
In late December 1934 the "Ulmarra" was partly disabled, by the loss of a propeller blade when the blade was snapped off when it came into contact with a submerged object in the Clarence River the "Nimbin" came to assistance and towed the "Ulmarra" the voyage of nearly 300 miles. The master of the "Ulmarra" (Captain Bysanton) said that the "Ulmarra" was not rendered helpless by the accident, and she could, if necessary, have steamed unaided, but as the motor ship "Nimbin", was coming down to Sydney from Richmond River it was considered advisable for her to assist. During the long tow the "Ulmarra" was able to run her engines, and at times a speed of well lover 11 knots was attained.
On Thursday the 9 September 1937 the "Nimbin" and the small tug "Teven" collided on the Richmond river near Coraki and Joseph Smith, 72, the engine driver of the tug "Teven" was killed, and Charles Young, a seaman on the "Teven", was seriously injured. The "Teven" was towing a timber barge when the collision occurred, Young, who was steering, was hurled on to the barge, suffering severe Injuries to the back. Smith, who was in charge of the engine, was crushed and flung into the water. His leg was smashed practically to pulp, and he was dead when picked up.
While coming down the coast in July 1938 the "Nimbin" came across the coastal motor vessel "Comara" that had a mechanical breakdown where a bolt had broken and some cogs were partially stripped in their engine room while the vessel had been just north of Seal Rocks and fortunate to escape to get into Seal Rocks Bay for shelter. Had the "Comara" been farther on shelter would not have been available, and, as the wind was high at the time. The "Nimbin" took the "Comara" in tow at Seal Rocks and brought the vessel into Newcastle during the night
Shipwreck event.
Early in the World War II, the German auxiliary cruiser Pinguin had laid a number of mine fields between Newcastle and Sydney as well as off the eastern and southern coasts of Australia. Their first victims were the British cargo ship "Cambridge" off Wilsons Promontory, on 7 November 1940, and the day after, the American merchant ship "City of Rayville" which sank off Cape Otway. This was in fact the first American casualty of the war, in which the USA was not yet involved.
Then a month later, on 5 December 1940, The "Nimbin" was the first Australian registered merchant ship to be lost when it ran into a mine off Norah Head on the Central Coast. It was on its way from Coffs Harbour back to Sydney, with a cargo of three-ply timber packed in bundles and a large number of pigs.
Without warning, there was a large deafening explosion at 3.25 p.m. just aft of the engine room where the whole after section or about a third of the vessel had disappeared and the vessel settling by the stern. The explosion resulted in timber and debris being shot into the air as well as oil from the fuel tanks spurted up like a geyser. Luckily the oil didn't catch fire. And seconds later the survivors found themself in the calm sea struggling around grasping bundles of plywood six feet long and three feet wide which were scattered over a fairly wide expanse of sea. The bundles of plywood acted as life rafts as there had been no chance of even getting near the life-boats, let alone launching any of them. There had been no chance of sending out a wireless distress call.
At 3.15 p.m. an amphibian aircraft, piloted by a senior officer of the RAAF based on the Rathmines, took off on a reconnaissance flight to seaward. Soon after taking off the pilot saw smoke several miles out to sea he altered course and made for the spot immediately. He found a great deal of wreckage was floating on the surface with the amphibian sighting the wreck site within ten minutes of the explosion an. The pilot landed the plane but found the water much rougher than he had expected. Because of the seas and the extent of the wreckage, he was unable to taxi close to one large piece of the flotsam, to which he could see a group of men clinging desperately. He taxied the machine some distance to the lea of a small island, where sheltered water enabled him to take off.
The pilot intended to return directly o his base to obtain help. Soon afterwards, however, he sighted another ship in the vicinity. Flying low, he signalled to it with an Aldous lamp, informing it of the position of the wreckage and directing it to steam immediately to the scene.
The SS "Bonalbo" arrived about two and a half hours after the explosion to pick them up at approximately 6 pm. An ambulance met them and rushed the injured to hospital. The rest, in clothes borrowed from their rescuers on the "Bonalbo", were sent home by car. At the time most of the "Nimbin’s" crew were old employees of the North Coast Steam Navigation Company. Captain Bryanston and the Chief Officer Charles Chapman, who both died, had been with the company for 20 years and 26 years respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36780361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780361" title="Yarabad-e Olya">
Yarabad-e Olya

Yarabad-e Olya (, also Romanized as Yārābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780379" title="Jafarabad, Darreh Shahr">
Jafarabad, Darreh Shahr

Jafarabad (, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 142, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780400" title="Jafarabad, Ilam">
Jafarabad, Ilam

Jafarabad (, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād; also known as Ja‘farābād-e Mīsh Khāş) is a village in the Sivan District of Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,092, in 435 families. The village became the capital of Sivan District which was established on March 9, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36780409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780409" title="Laleh Zar">
Laleh Zar

Laleh Zar (, also Romanized as Lāleh Zār; also known as Ghārat Mālgeh) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780425" title="Palangabad, Ilam">
Palangabad, Ilam

Palangabad (, also Romanized as Palangābād; also known as Beheshtābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 189, in 44 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780430" title="Palangabad">
Palangabad

Palangabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36780447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780447" title="Qaleh Tasmeh">
Qaleh Tasmeh

Qaleh Tasmeh (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Tasmeh) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,021, in 197 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780452" title="Wulfsen horse burial">
Wulfsen horse burial

The Wulfsen horse burial is an early medieval burial of three horses that was discovered in 1974 in a Saxon grave field in the village of Wulfsen, in the German district of Harburg. The find was rescued as a varnish profile, which is on display in the permanent exhibition of the Archaeological Museum Hamburg in Harburg, Hamburg.
Discovery.
The archaeological site was located on the northeastern escarpment of a sand pit near Wulfsen. In summer of 1974 a fossil collector observed a discoloration of the soil, which he considered of archaeological interest. He reported his observation to the Museum of the Principality of Lüneburg, which forwarded the message to the Helms-Museum in Hamburg-Harburg being the archaeological authority for the region. An excavation was conducted on the already disturbed burial site, which unearthed 35 human burials and the horse burial, containing the three horses. Due to the sandy soil, preservation of the burials was relatively poor. In total 26 older burials, oriented in north-south direction and nine younger burials oriented in east-west direction were excavated. Except for two arrowheads in a young person's grave, no other grave goods were observed.
Horse burial.
The three horses were buried in a steep-walled pit of by . The bodies of the animals were fully decomposed, only bones and teeth remaining, but the bones were very brittle and fragile. Offerings or grave goods such as bridles were not detected. All the horses were lying on their left side, orientated in south–north direction. Their heads were placed in an upright posture on an elevated part of the pit. The middle horse was lying with its abdomen in a ventral position. The legs of the middle and eastern animal were sharply flexed. The legs of the western horse were lying in a half-extended position; it occupied about half of the pit's space. By use of a working platform, the bones were carefully exposed and soaked with cold glue, the pit was then laminated with lacquer and crêpe paper. The single bones were further secured with wires and pins. Then the pit was filled with a construction foam, secured in a wooden crate and recovered as a block. The entire object consists of a prepared sand layer of about to millimeters thickness with the embedded bone. The poor preservation of the bones complicated zoological investigations. The western horse was likely a mare, the others stallions. Their withers has been between and , which is relatively small compated to today's standards, but was average for those days. The ages of the animals have been determined between five and seven years.
Interpretation.
Based on evidence such as mortuary practice, the geographical orientation of remains and their grave goods, the burial was dated to 700–800 AD. The younger burials especially are dated to a period shortly before the wide Christianization of the region, which resulted in fundamental changes of burial practices. The horse burial could not be clearly assigned to one of the warrior's graves, therefore it is unclear whether was an individual burial of the animals or it was an addition to one of the human interments. Funerals of animals, especially of individual horses are well known from many grave fields of the Early Middle Ages. Similar burial sites have been found in Suffolk, England. Triple horse burials, for example, were discovered near Griefstedt (Sömmerda (district)) in Thuringia and Beckum (Warendorf (district)) in North Rhine-Westphalia, but for north-eastern Lower-Saxony it is unprecedented.
A LEGO miniature of the excavation of Wulfsen horse burial was built in 2013 for the special exhibition "LEGO Zeitreise" (LEGO time travel) of Archäologische Museum Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="36780455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780455" title="Sorurabad">
Sorurabad

Sorurabad (, also Romanized as Sorūrābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 230, in 52 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780459" title="Vahdatabad, Ilam">
Vahdatabad, Ilam

Vahdatabad (, also Romanized as Vaḩdatābād; also known as Khānparī and Khān Parī va Shāh Parī) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 923, in 181 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780477" title="Vahdatabad">
Vahdatabad

Vahdatabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36780481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780481" title="Vazirabad, Ilam">
Vazirabad, Ilam

Vazirabad (, also Romanized as Vazīrābād) is a village in Zarrin Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 603, in 117 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780529" title="Nergården">
Nergården

Nergården or Nergård is a village in the northern part of the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. The village was the administrative centre of the former municipality of Bjarkøy. It is located on the eastern part of the island of Bjarkøya. The historic Bjarkøy Church is located in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36780590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780590" title="Charles Rodriguez">
Charles Rodriguez

Charles Rodriguez (born April 6, 1990) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Wilmington Hammerheads in the USL Professional Division. He was born in Franklin, Tennessee. He attended Father Ryan High School in Nashville, TN. He then went on to play at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte from 2008-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36780591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780591" title="Fort des Dunes">
Fort des Dunes

The Fort des Dunes, also known as Fort Leffrinckoucke and sometime Fort de l'Est, is located in the commune of Leffrinckoucke, France, about east of Dunkerque. Built from 1878 to 1880, it is part of the Séré de Rivières system of fortifications that France built following the defeat of the Franco-Prussian War. Although it played no part in World War I, it had a significant role in both the beginning and end of World War II. It has been preserved and is interpreted by a local preservation association for the public.
Description.
The Fort des Dunes was built as the westernmost frontier fort in the Séré de Rivières system, in the coastal sand dunes within a few hundred metres of the English Channel. The chosen site was both served by and a place of protection for the coastal railway and canal. It occupies a sandy hill high, and is itself protected by as many as of sand cover. The rectangular fort is surrounded by a dry moat defended by caponiers that provide a protected firing position to sweep the length of the ditch with gunfire. The main fort is accessed by a drawbridge over the ditch. The Fort des Dunes was armed with a variety of artillery over its history, initially mounted on the fort's surface. The fort's barracks and service areas are recessed into the surface and covered with soil and turf. The walls are built of brick and stone masonry. It was initially armed with about 25 artillery pieces, served by 451 men. 
The Fort des Dunes was a component of a larger system of coastal batteries and outlying positions defending the greater Dunkerque area. These fortifications were modified as artillery technology developed, making fixed open-air gun emplacements untenable. During World War I the fort's primary armament was two or three 90mm guns on the ramparts. Several 120mm anti-aircraft guns were positioned in the area surrounding the fort.
History.
The Fort des Dunes did not see action during the First World War, since it was well behind the lines. It was garrisoned largely by reservists. The fort's primary function during this time was as a munitions depot.
Operation Dynamo.
During the Battle of France in 1940, large numbers of French and British troops arrived in the Dunkerque area, separated from their units. The Camp des Dunes was established at the fort to process French soldiers and to assign them duties. General Georges Blanchard, whose First French Army had effectively ceased to exist, arrived at the fort on 30 May. The fort became the headquarters of the French 12th Motorized Infantry Division on 1 June. On 2 June the fort was attacked by aircraft. Two bombs exploded in the courtyard of the fort. Among the dead was the 12th Motorized Infantry's General Janssen. Another bombing raid on 3 June hit the fort with six bombs, heavily damaging the fort and killing six more officers, with a total of between 150 and 200 killed at the fort in both raids. The repeated attacks and heavy damage led the 12th Division to leave the fort. 
Following the last evacuations from the beaches and port of Dunkerque on 4 June, German forces took possession of the fort. The Germans made repairs to the fort and organized reburials of soldiers who had been interred where they had fallen or who had been entombed by debris, mostly carried out by local citizens and prisoners of war. The fort became a component of the German Atlantic Wall fortifications, primarily as an annex to the Zuydcoote battery. Apart from functioing as a rations depot, the fort supported an anti-aircraft battery with a radar installation. A small blockhouse was built by the Todt Organization on the west side, with another bunker covering the approach road. These were reinforced in 1944 with temporary revetments and a heavy machine gun position. German troops left significant murals and decorations in the magazines and barracks.
1944.
On 4 September 1944 an attempt to kill a German soldier was made by the French Resistance in Rosendäel. The house that the assailant fled to was surrounded and the occupants arrested. All eight were arrested and held at the Fort des Dunes, except for Daniel Decroos, who had been killed while trying to escape. Another detainee had been wounded by an exploding grenade. On 6 September six detainees were executed by firing squad in the north ditch and the wounded detainee was euthanized. The seven were buried next to the ramparts. The wall where the prisoners had been shot was destroyed and collapsed on the graves. Following the Liberation the execution was investigated and the graves discovered. The remains were exhumed and reinterred.
German forces held the Dunkirk Pocket through the Siege of Dunkirk to the end of the war, when they surrendered. 10,000 Germans were taken prisoner on 9 May 1945. 3700 Germans were kept in the Dunkerque area, with many at the Fort des Dunes. The prisoners were engaged in cleanup and mine removal. After the departure of the prisoners the fort was transferred to the customs service, who used it as a storage centre for seized goods. A customs officer and his family lived at the fort. The fort went back to the army in 1955, which began excavations to recover the remains of those killed in 1940. A ceremony of re-interment was held in August 1955, attended by the widow of General Janssen. The fort was then abandoned for twenty years. In 1978 a local organization was formed to preserve the fort as a center for military reserve functions. By 1990 the fort had been made habitable.
Present.
The Fort des Dunes is maintained and interpreted by the Association Fort des Dunes. It is usually open to the public on summer weekends. It was transferred to the commune of Leffrinckoucke in 1998. The fort still shows the scars of the 1940 bombardment, with the entry tunnel largely exposed.

</doc>
<doc id="36780604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780604" title="How the Mail Steamer Went Down in Mid Atlantic by a Survivor">
How the Mail Steamer Went Down in Mid Atlantic by a Survivor

"How the Mail Steamer went down in Mid Atlantic by a Survivor" is a short story that was published in the March 22, 1886, issue of the "Pall Mall Gazette" by writer and spiritualist William Thomas Stead. Stead was a First Class passenger on the RMS "Titanic", a British ocean liner which collided with an iceberg at the time of her maiden voyage on April 14, 1912, and was one of approximately 1,500 people who perished in the disaster. Many people believe that this story foreshadows the "Titanic" tragedy based on its plot and the themes present.
Plot.
The story centers around an unnamed mail steamer sailing the Atlantic Ocean with passengers, crew, mail and baggage aboard. The main character, a sailor named Thompson, gives an account of his ocean voyage. After a brief scrap with a British Steerage passenger, Thompson goes out on deck later that night and takes a stroll on the Boat Deck. He worries about the number of lifeboats on board and their approximate capacity; about 400 people could be saved on a ship carrying 916 people altogether.
The next day, the steamer collides with a barque in a fog bank. The unnamed sailing ship sinks almost immediately, and the mail steamer begins to list sharply to starboard. Passengers begin to panic wildly, running hysterically about the deck and charging the few boats available. Panicked male passengers force their way into the lifeboats and attempt to lower them on their own, only to be thrown out at gunpoint by sailors and officers. The captain orders Thompson to organize the loading of a lifeboat, putting inside it mostly women, as well as four men to man it. The boat is charged by members of the ship's crew and carelessly lowered.
At this point only one small boat remains, with about 700 people still on board and the steamer listing dangerously. It clears the ship only moments before she sinks with just a few men inside. Thompson and hundreds of others are thrown into the sea. Another boat drifts by, and a man inside cautiously pulls Thompson aboard. Thompson mentions that he and the others in the boats are rescued, and that he is safe at home (albeit, without his kit). Those in the water presumably drown.
The last line of the story gives a disclaimer that the tale is merely an anecdote, employed to describe what would happen if a ship is put to sea without enough lifeboats for all her passengers, officers and crew.
Similarities with the "Titanic" disaster.
The "Titanic" carried enough lifeboats for only about 53% of those on board at the time of her maiden voyage. Though the "Titanic" probably could have saved a greater percentage of her subjective capacity than the steamer in this story, the loss of life is still appalling nonetheless.
During the "Titanic's" evacuation many lifeboats were also charged by panicked male passengers and crew; as a result, some of the ship's officers had also forced these men out at gunpoint. 
Women and children are given priority in loading the boats in both disasters. Yet the ratio of men who survive to the women and children who survive is not clear in this story. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780607" title="Castellani House, Guyana">
Castellani House, Guyana

Castellani House is a large nineteenth-century building, which is situated on the corner of Vlissengen Road and Homestretch Avenue in Georgetown, Guyana. It was designed and constructed by the Maltese architect, Cesar Castellani, between 1879 and 1882. Originally serving as a residence for colonial government officials, Castellani House has been the home of Guyana's National Art Gallery since 1993.
History.
Castellani House was designed and built in by Cesar Castellani, who was one of the most prominent and prolific architects of the colonial era in British Guiana. It was originally designed as a residence for the government botanist, George Samuel Jenman. Dissatisfied with the original design of the house, Jenman refused to move into the residence until the changes he demanded had been implemented. These changes were completed in 1882, and Jenman moved into the house in that year. After Jenman died, Castellani House was used as the official residence for Directors of Agriculture.
In 1942, the house was extended with the addition of a third storey to the original two. In 1965, further changes were made to the structure of the house by the Guyanese architect, Hugh McGregor Reid.
From 1965 to 1985, Castellani House was the Official Residence for Prime Minister Forbes Burnham and First Lady, Viola Burnham. During this time it was known simply as "the Residence".
After a major refurbishment, Castellani House was re-opened as the home of the National Art Gallery in 1993. The Gallery's first curator was Everley Austin (1994-1996). Austin was followed by Elfrieda Bissember (1996-present).
Art Collection.
Castellani House holds over 700 works of art. The collection includes work by Frank Bowling, E. R. Burrowes, Stanley Greaves, Bernadette Persaud, George Simon, Denis Williams and Aubrey Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="36780627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780627" title="Thomas Golden, Jr.">
Thomas Golden, Jr.

Thomas A. Golden, Jr. (born March 5, 1971 in Lowell, Massachusetts) is an American politician who represents the 16th Middlesex District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives. His is currently the Vice Chair of the House Committee on Bonding, Capital Expenditures and State Assets and a member of the Joint Committee on Telecommunications, Utilities and Energy and the House Committee on Steering, Policy and Scheduling.

</doc>
<doc id="36780635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780635" title="List of commencement speakers at Rice University">
List of commencement speakers at Rice University

In 2013, Rice University will hold its 100th commencement. Since 1986, commencements have been held in the Academic Quadrangle (weather permitting). Every commencement at Rice has included the hymns "Veni Creator Spiritus" and "Lord of All Being, Throned Afar".
From 1971 to 1990, Rice did not invite speakers to address graduates at commencement. During that time, addresses were given by university presidents Norman Hackerman (1971–1985) and George Rupp (1986–1990).
From 1952 to 1985, commencements were held on the east side (lawn) of Lovett Hall.
In 1951, commencement was held in Autry Court.
From 1935 to 1950, commencements were held in courtyard of the Chemistry Laboratories (now Keck Hall).
From 1916 to 1948, commencements were held on Monday, preceded by a Baccalaureate sermon on Sunday.
From 1942 to 1946, addresses were delivered by William Vermillion Houston, President of Rice Institute. In 1944 and 1946, Rice held two commencement ceremonies each year as part of a “wartime speed-up educational program.”
From 1916 to 1934, commencements were held in the Academic Quadrangle.

</doc>
<doc id="36780637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780637" title="Benjamin Franklin Award for Public Diplomacy">
Benjamin Franklin Award for Public Diplomacy

Benjamin Franklin Award for Public Diplomacy is an American award by the United States Department of State recognizes individuals, foundations, associations, and corporations that actively contribute to advancing America's ideals around the globe through public diplomacy. The award is named in honor of Benjamin Franklin because, as the nation's first envoy, he was "known for his creative ways of using culture, business and science to attract the attention of foreign audiences"
The establishment of the award was announced by US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in January 2007, as the most prestigious honor that the Department of State can bestow on U.S. citizens and non-governmental organizations, giving special emphasis to activities that:
The awards are presented in four categories: 

</doc>
<doc id="36780650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780650" title="Steve Woita">
Steve Woita

Steve Woita (born 1960 in San Francisco, California) is an American computer and video game designer, programmer, and electronics hardware designer with over 30 years of experience. He has worked for notable high tech companies such as Apple, Sirius Software, Atari, Sega, and 3DO. A majority of his career has been focused on designing and creating games for various platforms.
Hardware.
Apple.
At Apple (1980-1982), Steve was responsible for debugging and fixing Apple II motherboards after "burn in". He was instrumental in diagnosing and coming up with a solution for fixing a "color noise leak" issue that caused text to appear fuzzy. His solution, replacing a specific resistor on the motherboard with a different value resistor was approved by Steve Wozniak and put into subsequent production.
Sirius Software Joyport.
While at Apple, Bill Budge asked Steve if it were possible to hook two Atari-style controllers to the Apple II for a game called Crazy Climber. He was able to create a prototype, then contacted an engineer in the Apple R&D lab, Keithen Hayenga, who was working on a four paddle device. They combined the two, creating a device that Steve Jobs approved for development by a third party. Sirius Software acquired the rights to produce this product, The Joyport, which was introduced in 1981. The Joyport allowed four game paddles and two Atari-style controllers to be hooked up to the Apple II.
Games.
Atari.
At Atari (1982-1984), Steve designed and created four published titles for the Atari 2600: Quadrun (1983), Taz (1983), Asterix (1983, Europe), and Garfield (1984).
SEGA.
Steve joined the elite development division Sega Technical Institute in 1992, when his cousin-in-law, Scott Chandler, mentioned to his manager, Mark Cerny, that Steve might be available to join the group and would be a tremendous asset to the Kid Chameleon project currently under development. Steve was brought on to bring his years of game design and programming experience to bare in bringing this ambitious game to the market. Steve went on to contribute to two other notable Sega hits, Sonic Spinball, and Sonic 2, as designer and programmer.

</doc>
<doc id="36780660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780660" title="Jocassee Dam">
Jocassee Dam

Jocassee Dam (often called Lake Jocassee Dam) is an embankment dam on the Keowee River, straddling the border of Pickens and Oconee Counties in South Carolina in the United States. The dam forms Lake Jocassee, which is fed by the Toxaway, Thompson, Horsepasture and Whitewater rivers, and serves primarily for hydroelectric power generation and flood control. The dam and reservoir are part of the Keowee-Toxaway Hydroelectric Project, owned and operated by Duke Energy.
Completed in 1973, the dam is a zoned earth and rock fill structure, standing high with a crest length of . At full pool, the reservoir has a storage capacity of , encompassing of shoreline and . Floodwaters are released through a spillway controlled by two 40x32 foot (12x10m) gates, with a capacity of .
The dam supports a 710 MW hydroelectric station, generating power from four turbines. Two of the turbines were installed in 1973, while the third and fourth units came online in 1975. The power station functions as a pumped-storage operation designed to provide peaking power, and generates an average of 811 million kilowatt hours per year.

</doc>
<doc id="36780699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780699" title="Rainbow Skyreach Bush Cat">
Rainbow Skyreach Bush Cat

The Rainbow Skyreach BushCat is a light sport aircraft developed from the Rainbow Aircraft Cheetah
Design.
The BushCat is a two place side-by-side strut braced high wing monoplane. It is an evolution of the Cheetah XLS, with some key changes. The landing gear has been updated to a single "spring" aluminum bar, the brakes have been improved (now hydraulic), and a more ergonomic throttle (longer arm rest). The changes are said to be a difference of 5% from the original Cheetah XLS design. Primary construction is of aluminum tube and rag construction. It is available in the US with a choice of 3 Rotax engines, ranging from 65 to 100HP. It can also be ordered with a Jabiru 2200. The plane features dual throttles, single center mounted control stick, and flaps controlled by a ceiling mounted bar. It has a useful load of 628 lbs and can carry up to 81 lbs of luggage. Manufacturer testing has shown the air frame to be capable of handling +6/-4 G. It is marketed as being an affordable LSA, with options for sale as an SLSA, ELSA, and EAB. As of 7/2014 the Firewall back kit cost is $22900 and the factory built SLSA ranges from $49995-63495 depending on engine choices. 
The Cheetah XLS was introduced approximately 2002, and the BushCat around 2012. There are currently about 130 flying Cheetahs and 30 flying BushCats according to the USA Distributor, AeroSport. 
Available in Tricycle gear, Taildragger, and also on Floats

</doc>
<doc id="36780703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780703" title="2012–13 California Golden Bears men's basketball team">
2012–13 California Golden Bears men's basketball team

The 2012–13 California Golden Bears men's basketball team represented the University of California, Berkeley in the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. This was head coach Mike Montgomery's fifth season at California. The Golden Bears played their home games at Haas Pavilion and participated in the Pacific-12 Conference. They finished the season 21–12, 12–6 in Pac-12 play to finish in a three way tie for second place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament to Utah. They received an at-large bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament where they defeated UNLV in the second round before losing in the third round to Syracuse.
Schedule and results.
Source
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Pacific-12 Conference Men's Basketball Tournament
!colspan=9| 2013 NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36780732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780732" title="Australian Institute of Petroleum">
Australian Institute of Petroleum

The Australian Institute of Petroleum (AIP) is a representative body for Australia's petroleum industry. Its headquarters a located in Canberra and it was established in 1976. The body is managed by a board composed of chief executives, senior representatives and an Executive Director.
The organisation aims to support the development of sustainable, internationally competitive petroleum products industry. 
The four core members include BP Australia, Caltex Australia, Mobil Australia and Shell Company of Australia. Its members own and operate all oil refineries in Australia.
The AIP owns the Australian Marine Oil Spill Centre. It is a member of the Australian Industry Greenhouse Network. The AIP produces a weekly fuel report detailing average prices for transport fuels by location.

</doc>
<doc id="36780734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780734" title="Rainbow Skyreach Cheetah">
Rainbow Skyreach Cheetah

The Rainbow Skyreach Cheetah XLS is a light sport aircraft developed from the Rainbow Aircraft Cheetah
Design.
The BushCat is a two place side-by-side strut braced high wing monoplane with tricycle landing gear. The fuselage is constructed of aluminum tubing with fabric covering. The aircraft is configured for a Rotax 582, Rotax 912UL, Rotax 912ULS, or Jabiru 2200 engine installation.

</doc>
<doc id="36780776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780776" title="Certified Broadcast Networking Engineer">
Certified Broadcast Networking Engineer

"Certified Broadcast Networking Engineer" (CBNE) is a title granted to an individual that passes the exam requirements of the certification. The certification is regulated by the Society of Broadcast Engineers (SBE) and shows competence in computer network equipment and their specialized applications in radio and television broadcast stations. The CBNE title is protected by copyright laws. Individuals who use the title without consent from the Society of Broadcast Engineers could face legal action.
The SBE certifications were created to recognize individuals who practice in career fields which are not regulated by state licensing or Professional Engineering programs. 

</doc>
<doc id="36780777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780777" title="Passages Malibu">
Passages Malibu

Passages Malibu Addiction Treatment Center, known as Passages Malibu, is a for-profit addiction treatment facility located in Malibu, California and founded by Pax and Chris Prentiss in 2001. 
History and Founders.
The center was founded by a father and son, Chris and Pax Prentiss. Chris Prentiss is a former real estate developer with no formal training in rehabilitation or medicine. 
Passages operates on the principle that people become addicted to drugs and alcohol due to underlying and unresolved problems in their lives. Passages relies on one-to-one therapy sessions.
The center comprises a $15 million mansion on 10-acres overlooking the Pacific Ocean. The center provides a number of recreational opportunities, including tennis and swimming. Unlike many other centers, clients are allowed to use their cell phones and have computer access. 
A second, less expensive facility called Passages Ventura opened in 2009 in Port Hueneme, California.
In 2012, the center had 29 beds and approximately 25 percent of its clients were Californians.
Controversy.
Passages, and the treatment method it employs, have been the subject of controversy. According to a September 2013 "New York Times" report, it is "the largest and most expensive" of the many rehab facilities in Malibu. In 2011, treatment at the center cost $88,500 a month. In contrast, the Betty Ford Center cost $27,400 for 30 days in 2011. Passages keeps any money that has been deposited, even if a patient exits the center before completing treatment similar to other addiction treatment facilities.
In addition, Passages' treatment philosophy is controversial both because it disputes the efficacy of multi-step treatment programs and also because the founders do not believe that addiction is a disease. Passages claims that its method produces above an 80-percent rehabilitation rate. However, the accuracy of these statistics have been questioned by other rehabilitation professionals, particularly because they include people who have been out of treatment for only 30 days.

</doc>
<doc id="36780816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780816" title="Crozier, Virginia">
Crozier, Virginia

Crozier is an unincorporated community in Goochland County, Virginia, United States. Crozier is located on Virginia State Route 6 east-southeast of Goochland. Crozier has a post office with ZIP code 23039.
The First Union School and Springdale are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Climate.
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Crozier has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="36780822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780822" title="Sahar Hassamain Synagogue">
Sahar Hassamain Synagogue

The Synagogue Sahar Hassamain (whose possible translation is "Gates of Heaven") is located down the street from Brum nr. 16 in Ponta Delgada, on São Miguel Island in the Azores. It stands out for being one of the oldest in Portugal and one of only a few remnants of Jewish culture in the archipelago. Founded by Abraham Bensaúde along with other members of the Jewish community of the city in 1836, in a building purchased for this effect, is the oldest synagogue Portuguese built after the expulsion of the Jews from the country. It was one of five formerly existing in Ponta Delgada, becoming the only one still existing, having served both as a residence for the cult of the rabbi . 
The first references to the establishment of Jewish families in the Azores dating from the first half of the nineteenth century, originating from Morocco, from where they left due to economic restrictions that were being imposed on them there at the time. In the same period, the action of the Holy Office had declined in Portugal, and the advent of liberalism, particularly after the Liberal Revolution of Porto (1820), attracted these populations, likely with Portuguese ancestry. Thus, many families began to rush to the Azores, registering fixing the Abohbot, Benarus, Levy, Zagory or Besabat. The acceptance of Jews in these communities at the time, in contrast to the persecution by the Inquisition in previous centuries.
Established in 1836, and closed for more than fifty years, is temporarily open on Saturdays for guided tours from March 2009, in the context of the celebrations of 190 years of the arrival of the first Jews to the Azores. The municipality undertook recently to lead the recovery process of the Synagogue whose property is owned by the Jewish Community of Lisbon. On the exterior, the building is not recognizable, since it was built with the facade of a typical dwelling house Azorean. The interior retains its original character and is on display some objects of worship, especially a chair of circumcision ( 1819 ), chandeliers and diverse historical documentation in Hebrew. Besides temples, synagogues still had the function of schools and meeting places for the community. The archipelago came to have other synagogues beyond this, the islands of Terceira and Faial . Besides this synagogue, there remains only the Hebrew cemetery of Santa Clara in the same city, dated 1834, and the Hebrew Cemetery in Angra do Heroismo in 1832 .
In 2010 were found cult objects, manuscripts and printed documents which constitute a valuable collection on the history of the community.
The site of the former synagogue were donated by the Jewish Community of Lisbon Municipality of Ponta Delgada, which is finalizing the technical projects for the recovery of the property, seeking its reclassification as a museum and boosting its space for cultural and tourism. The works may begin in 2012, if they obtained the necessary support.

</doc>
<doc id="36780864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780864" title="King Kong Lee">
King Kong Lee

Not to be confused with King Kong Lam
King Kong Lee, birthname Lee Hsin Chiao (李信樵), is a Taiwanse actor and comedian. He hosted the popular "Super Trio series" and has played some notable roles in some dramas such as No Regrets as a Japanese general.

</doc>
<doc id="36780878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780878" title="Church View, Virginia">
Church View, Virginia

Church View is an unincorporated community in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States. Church View is located on U.S. Route 17 west-northwest of Urbanna. Church View has a post office with ZIP code 23032, which opened on May 20, 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="36780892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780892" title="George Hepburn">
George Hepburn

George Hepburn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36780943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780943" title="Christchurch, Virginia">
Christchurch, Virginia

Christchurch is an unincorporated community in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States. Christchurch is located on Virginia State Route 33 southeast of Urbanna. Christchurch has a post office with ZIP code 23031.
23031 is the home of Christchurch School, established in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="36780952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780952" title="Zlin Savage Cub">
Zlin Savage Cub

The Zlin Savage Cub is one of a series of light sport aircraft similar in construction to the Piper Cub.
Design.
The Zlin Savage Cub series are strut-braced, high-wing aircraft with conventional landing gear. The fuselage is constructed with welded steel tubing. The wings are constructed with aluminum spars and wing ribs with aircraft fabric covering. Fuel is stored in two wing root tanks. The control surfaces use aluminum skins.

</doc>
<doc id="36780973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36780973" title="Periodismo para todos">
Periodismo para todos

Periodismo para todos () is a controversial Argentine investigative journalism television program. It is hosted by the journalist Jorge Lanata, and airs on Sunday nights in "El Trece". It is highly critical of the presidency of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. In 2013, it won several Martín Fierro Awards including best news TV program and best journalistic work for Jorge Lanata. It has been censored in several provinces of Argentina with governors aligned with the president: Tucumán, Formosa Mendoza and Río Negro.
Description.
The TV program opens with a humorous stand-up comedy, where Lanata comments on the political events of the week with jokes. These stand-ups are included as an homage to the late Tato Bores, who made similar monologues in his TV programs, which were also aired on Sunday nights. The stand-ups feature a parody of the president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, made by the humorist Fátima Florez. The high success of the parody made by Florez was pointed by the magazine "Noticias", which placed her on the main page.
The theme song is "Fuck You", by Lily Allen. It was chosen to redress it after it was used in a telenovela of the state-owned TV Pública, in a poor Spanish translation. The opening features photos of the audience making the "fuck you" symbol, which soon became the icon of the program.
Investigations.
Most investigations made by "Periodismo para todos" generated political controversy. The first airing, on April 15, 2012, made an extensive investigation of the Boudougate, the scandal about the vice president Amado Boudou. Lanata made an interview with Carlos Raúl Schneider, who is registered as the head of "Tierras International Investments CV" a firm associated to "The Old Fund", led by Alejandro Vandenbroele, which invested million in Ciccone Calcográfica. Schneider is actually a poor pensioner, who was not even aware of the business involving him, who signed papers without reading them and became a victim of identity theft.
Lanata made a report of the social and political conditions of the Tucumán Province, ruled by José Alperovich. He detailed the poor social conditions of the people and the wealth of the Alperovich family, which controls the three powers and all political institutions in Tucumán. As the program is censored in Tucumán, Lanata sought to present it live with public of the province. Alperovich did not allow that either, so the program was presented live from a house of social welfare.
Censorship.
"Periodismo para todos" was censored in several provinces with governors aligned with the president. It is censored in Tucumán, and not available in public broadcasting ("El Trece" is a public channel). The program that criticized governor Alperovich was followed by demonstrations against the censorship, during a speech of the ministry of education.
The program is not available either for public broadcasting in the Formosa Province. Lanata denounced political corruption, abuses against the indigenous peoples and electoral fraud in the government of Gildo Insfrán; the website of "El Trece" was hacked during the airing of the program.
"El Trece" has a repeater channel in Río Negro, which shows all the programs of the network, with the sole exception of "Periodismo para todos". The governor Alberto Weretilneck proposed Lanata to hold a public debate about the censorship, but Lanata refused. "Censorship is not debated, it is denounced. Show the program first, and then I will debate whatever you want", he said the following week.
The program has also been censored in Mendoza. It has been also reported that TV signal uses to drop down just by the time "Periodismo Para Todos" is on air. Interruptions, interference an other technical issues during the program are often experienced in some cities in the Province of Córdoba on Sundays nights when "periodismo Para Todos" is broadcasting live.

</doc>
<doc id="36781004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781004" title="Hartfield, Virginia">
Hartfield, Virginia

Hartfield is an unincorporated community in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States. Hartfield is located at the junction of Virginia State Route 3 and Virginia State Route 33 east-southeast of Saluda. Hartfield has a post office with ZIP code 23071, which opened on September 5, 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="36781012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781012" title="Filemon Bartolome Vela">
Filemon Bartolome Vela

Filemon Vela and Filemon Bartolome Vela may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36781052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781052" title="Wanstead (1811)">
Wanstead (1811)

The Wanstead was a 253 ton sailing ship built in 1811 at Newbury Point. She consisted of two decks and her hull was sheathed in copper in 1813.
Under the command of Henry Moore, she sailed from Spithead, England on 24 August 1813, with 120 female convicts, in company with the "Windham" and the "General Hewitt". "Wanstead" arrived at Port Jackson on 9 January 1814. Three female convicts died on the voyage. "Wanstead" left Port Jackson on 10 February 1814 bound for Batavia.

</doc>
<doc id="36781088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781088" title="Vajiranath Lakshman De Silva">
Vajiranath Lakshman De Silva

Dr Vajiranath Lakshman De Silva (Sinhala:වජිරනාත් ලක්ෂ්මන් ද සිල්වා) is the founder of Saukyadana Movement of Sri Lanka.
He graduated as a Medical Doctor by obtaining MBBS degree University of Colombo's Medical Faculty and later further studied at University of London.
Whilst on a pilgrimage to Sri Pada (Sri Lanka) in 1959 by Dr Vajiranath he observed the difficulties that pilgrims faced along the trek and as a result he decided to set up the voluntary medical assistance unit to help them paving the way to establish the Saukyadana Movement of Sri Lanka being established in March 1960.
He is a product of Nalanda College Colombo.

</doc>
<doc id="36781094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781094" title="Bohannon B-1">
Bohannon B-1

The Bohannon B-1 is a purpose-built aircraft to set new world records in its class for time-to-climb. It is a development of the Van's RV-4.
Development.
Bohannon and Miller built the Miller-Bohannon JM-2 Pushy Galore to set new time to climb records and compete in Formula One air racing. Bohannon set out to continue time to climb records with a new aircraft. He acquired Exxon as a sponsor for record attempts. His B-1 was painted in a stylized tiger paint scheme and named the "Exxon Flyin' Tiger". The aircraft went on to set 17 altitude and time to climb records.
Design.
The Bohannon B-1 is an all-metal single place, low-wing aircraft with conventional landing gear. The Lycoming IO-540 engine is augmented with nitrous oxide to increase power from . For 2001 attempts, a Lycoming IO-555 was installed.
Operational history.
The B-1 has set, and beat, its own records several times. The B-1 operates in the FAI C-1b Class. (Piston aircraft ). 

</doc>
<doc id="36781102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781102" title="Hockey Dad">
Hockey Dad

Hockey Dad: A Play in 3 Periods is a Canadian play by Stephen Waldschmidt and James Popoff. It is a comedy, and was Burnt Thicket Theatre's first production, followed by "She Has a Name". The premiere was performed at the Pacific Theatre in Vancouver, British Columbia on February 17, 2010. Further performances ran there until February 27. The play was later performed in Red Deer, Alberta from October 27-30, 2010 at the Scott Block Theatre. The titular character is Todd Williams. While Todd was growing up, his father loved ice hockey and forced him to play the game from a very young age. In the backstory of the play, Sarah, Todd's daughter, has signed him up for a father-daughter hockey game, but Todd swore off hockey years ago. CFEQ-FM criticized the play for failing to evoke an emotional response in the audience.

</doc>
<doc id="36781121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781121" title="Souls at Zero (Souls at Zero album)">
Souls at Zero (Souls at Zero album)

Souls at Zero is the debut album by groove metal band Souls at Zero.
Personnel.
Drew Mazurek-Engineer

</doc>
<doc id="36781125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781125" title="Coweta tribal town">
Coweta tribal town

Coweta is one of the four mother towns of the Muscogee people along with Kasihta, Abihka, and Tuckabutche.
Coweta was located in an area now in the modern state of Georgia, USA. It was a central trading city of the Lower Creeks. Members of the tribal town were also known as "Caouitas" or "Caoüita".[p.391]
The Cherokee language name for all the Lower Creeks is "Anikhawitha."[p.391]

</doc>
<doc id="36781127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781127" title="Amigos Creations">
Amigos Creations


</doc>
<doc id="36781133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781133" title="Cross Section (album)">
Cross Section (album)

Cross Section is an album by American jazz pianist Billy Taylor featuring tracks recorded in 1953 and 1954 for the Prestige label. The album rereleased eight tracks from 1954 which had originally been issued on the 10-inch LP Billy Taylor Plays for DJs along with four Mambo sides from 1953.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating, "the four originals (which alternate with standards) were all dedicated to disc jockeys of the time. The trio was pretty tight with Taylor in the lead and, although boppish, it also looked back toward the swing era... The four mambos are ideal both for listening and for dance music. An enjoyable set".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Billy Taylor except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36781147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781147" title="Six-T-Six">
Six-T-Six

Six-T-Six is the second album, and first EP by the groove metal band Souls at Zero. All songs written and composed by Souls at Zero, unless otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Drew Mazurek - Engineer

</doc>
<doc id="36781152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781152" title="Decimus Junius Brutus (consul 77 BC)">
Decimus Junius Brutus (consul 77 BC)

Decimus Junius Brutus (fl. 1st century BC) was a Roman politician who was elected consul in 77 BC.
Biography.
A member of the Plebeian gens Junia, he was one of the young nobles who fought against Lucius Appuleius Saturninus and killed him and his followers in the Curia Hostilia. A supporter of the Dictator, Lucius Cornelius Sulla, he was elected Praetor, probably in 80 BC. He was criticised for his support of Sulla after Sulla’s death by Marcus Aemilius Lepidus.
In 77 BC, he was elected consul alongside Mamercus Aemilius Lepidus Livianus. Neither Junius Brutus nor his consular colleague accepted a proconsular command in Hispania to help Quintus Caecilius Metellus Pius in the Sertorian War.
In 74 BC, Junius Brutus put up his lands for security on behalf of a relative who was brought up on charges before Verres, the "praetor urbanus". Brutus was still alive in 63 BC, when his wife was caught up in the conspiracy of Catiline. It was during one of his absences from Rome that the conspirators met at his house.
Junius Brutus’ short political career is accounted for by the fact that he was more involved in the civil and legal spheres of public life rather than the political, and he was noted as a man well versed in Greek and Latin learning. Brutus was married to Sempronia Tuditani, and their son was Decimus Junius Brutus Albinus, one of the assassins of Julius Caesar.

</doc>
<doc id="36781159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781159" title="Jamaica, Virginia">
Jamaica, Virginia

Jamaica is an unincorporated community in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States. Jamaica is located on U.S. Route 17 northwest of Saluda. Jamaica had a post office, which closed on August 5, 2006. The Virginia Motor Speedway is located in Jamaica.

</doc>
<doc id="36781169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781169" title="Ju Xiaowen">
Ju Xiaowen

Ju Xiaowen (simplified Chinese: 雎晓雯; traditional Chinese: 雎曉雯; pinyin: Jū Xiǎowén; born May 19, 1992) is a Chinese fashion model. She was the first model of Chinese descent to be the face of Marc Jacobs.
Early life.
Ju Xiaowen, more commonly known abroad as Xiao Wen Ju, was born on May 19, 1992 in the city of Xi'an in Shaanxi province. She began her modeling career in China, signing with IMG in 2010.
Career.
After gaining attention with her appearance on the cover of Harper's Bazaar China May 2010, which focused on Chinese models, Xiaowen debuted in New York City at the Fall Honor show. In 2011 she walked for Shiatzy Chen, 3.1 Phillip Lim, Calvin Klein Jeans, DKNY, Emanuel Ungaro, Hermès, Louis Vuitton, Prada, Rochas and Thierry Mugler among others. In addition she was picked to be on Lane Crawford's F/W 11 campaign, along with other top Chinese models like Ming Xi and Shu Pei.
In 2012 she has walked for 3.1 Phillip Lim, DKNY, DSquared², Hermès, Jill Stuart, Jonathan Saunders, Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs, Moschino Cheap & Chic and Tory Burch. She has done ad campaigns for Adidas, Dior, Kenzo, Lane Crawford and Marc Jacobs (becoming the first Chinese to front the designer's campaign). She has also appeared on the cover of Vogue China and Numero China (twice).
As of July 2012 she was ranked number 22 on models.com's Top 50 female models list.
Personality.
She enjoys watching films, her favorite being Breakfast at Tiffany's. Her favorite British designer is Jonathan Saunders. Xiaowen is known for her smile and for sticking her tongue out. At Tibi's F/W 12 show she mistakenly walked down the runway in the wrong direction. Clearly upset, she managed nonetheless to keep a smile and continue walking.

</doc>
<doc id="36781185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781185" title="Ben Burns">
Ben Burns

Ben Burns (August 25, 1913 – January 29, 2000) was a pioneering editor of black publications (including the "Chicago Daily Defender", "Ebony", "Jet" and "Negro Digest") and a public relations executive in Chicago. He was a “top executive editor” for the Johnson Publishing Company who became so well known as a “black newspaperman” – even though he was white and Jewish – that he was invited to submit his biography for inclusion in "Who’s Who in Colored America".
Early life.
Burns was born Benjamin Bernstein in Chicago in 1913 to Polish Jewish parents, Alexander and Frieda Bernstein. At the time of his birth at Michael Reese Hospital, the family lived on Chicago’s Near West Side. Burns grew up in the slums of Chicago. His father was a house painter originally from Lodz. His mother was born in Warsaw. In the latter 19th Century, Warsaw and Lodz were Poland’s two largest cities, and were home to the country’s two largest Jewish communities. His mother divorced Alexander when Burns was a year old, and married Nathan Denison, a Chicago produce dealer. Esther Burns’ parents also lived in Chicago.
Burns spent his teen years in New York’s West Side, graduating in 1930 from James Monroe High School. He attended New York University, where he so enjoyed working on the "NYU Daily News" that when it was shut down in 1933 he decided not to finish his senior year. Instead, he returned to Chicago, enrolling in the Northwestern University journalism program, from which he graduated in 1934.
In 1935, he joined the Young Communist League, in part because of its reputed opposition to the emergence of Adolf Hitler’s anti-Semitism, in part because of its social positions. He maintained a connection to the party until he was expelled from it in 1948.
Burns married Esther Stern on November 28, 1937. The couple, married for over 62 years, had three children.
Journalism career.
Beginnings.
Burns obtained work at the three Communist newspapers in the United States: in 1937 at the "Daily Worker" (New York), in 1938 at the "Midwest Daily Record" (Chicago) and in 1940 at "People's World" (San Francisco). With an income insufficient to support him, his wife and a prospective family, Burns and his wife decided it was time to move. By then, the FBI was tracking the couple. An FBI report dated April 17, 1941 noted: “Subjects leaving San Francisco for Chicago to be gone several years; future activities and intentions there unknown.”
Black publications.
Back in Chicago, a political connection led Burns in July 1942 to apply for a job at the "Chicago Defender", a leading black weekly newspaper. Hired as a temporary fill-in editor, he remained in that field for 35 years.
Burns’ previous contacts with black people had been “practically nonexistent,” but he threw himself into his new work with gusto. “Having committed myself wholly to Negroes’ attainment of fair and equal status … I endeavored to become in every sense a ‘brother’ by virtue of my oneness with Negroes in values and customs, interests and concerns, reactions and resolutions,” he wrote. “I became a "Defender" editor, a ‘black newspaperman,’ black in my orientation and thinking, in my concerns and outlook, in my friends and associations, black in everything but my skin color.”
After a stint in the U.S. Merchant Marine in 1943, Burns became, during the ensuing decades, the only white editor-in-chief of a black daily (the "Chicago Daily Defender", converted to a daily in 1956); the founding editor of "Negro Digest" (serving as editor from 1942-54); the founding (and only white) editor of "Ebony" (1945-54); the founding editor of "Duke" (1957, “a black version of "Playboy"”); the founding editor of "Jet" (1950–54), the editor of "Tan Confessions" (founded 1950), the editor of "Sepia" (1955–58, 1968–77) and the editor of "Guns" (1956–58). In 1952, the "Chicago Defender" was the second-largest circulation weekly black newspaper in the United States (circulation: 155,074). "Ebony" was the largest circulation monthly black magazine (379,000), followed by "Tan Confessions" (200,000).
During this time, Burns worked often with John H. Johnson, who became a wealthy African-American publisher. “My communist and "Defender" training in protest proved a source of continual acrimony between Johnson and me for almost all the years I worked for him,” Burns wrote. Burns contrasted the “flame of racial militancy kindled in me” with what he characterized as Johnson’s “carefully calibrated racial positivism.”
Later career.
Burns was fired from the Johnson Publishing Company in 1954. Johnson stated that Burns allowed too many sensational stories to get into "Ebony", a charge Burns refuted. Leaving journalism, he entered public relations, partnering as a vice president from 1958-66 in the public relations firm of Cooper, Burns & Golin (later Golin Harris). In 1957, he obtained work from Ray Kroc, the head of a relatively new company called McDonald’s. In the following year, to earn a living he edited five non-black monthlies.
He later returned to serve as editor of the "Chicago Daily Defender" (1962–67) and "Sepia" (1968–77). Burns retired from journalism and public relations in 1977, and immediately traveled to Africa with his wife.
Relationship to Judaism.
Although Burns’ paternal grandfather had been a scribe (sofer) and thus had been part of a religious Jewish family in Poland, Alexander Burns had rebelled against his upbringing. “My father,” Burns recalled, “had carried Marx’s doctrine to the ultimate in his belief that ‘religion was the cyanide rather than the opiate of the people.’ And so I was brought up.” Burns was a self-described atheist who had “been in a synagogue but a half-dozen times as a sightseer.”
Burns began using the byline “Ben Burns” (instead of his birth surname Bernstein) around 1936, because at the time he was having difficulty finding a job in the journalism field and he thought that “perhaps a non-Jewish name would change my fortunes.” Yet during his long career in black journalism, he did not avoid being identified as a Jew. On one occasion, a printing salesman asked if he was “Negro or white?” Cognizant of his “dark complexion,” Burns replied: “Neither, I’m Jewish.” Commenting on his experiences of black anti-Semitism at "Ebony", he noted how photographer David Jackson once returned disappointed from an assignment because the person he was to photograph was “not colored" but "a kike” from “Jewtown” (that is, the Maxwell Street area of Chicago). Taken aback by the remark, Burns asked Jackson what a “kike” is supposed to look like, adding, “Do I look like a kike?” Jackson replied that he didn’t know, and Burns said, “Well, I am a kike.”
In 1973, Burns and his wife visited his parents’ birthplaces in Poland, as well as the death camp Auschwitz. His account of the trip, which included criticism of religious authorities in Israel, was not published until 1996. In his later years, he rebuked the “black anti-Semitism” of Louis Farrakhan and was critical of the Holocaust denial of Arthur Butz.
Controversies.
Legacy.
Some observers question Burns’ place in black journalism. “Does Burns take too much credit for the seemingly substantial work he did on "Negro Digest" and "Ebony"? I don’t know,” wrote one critic. “If the reader doesn’t know the Black press well enough, it would be easy to accuse Burns of racial condescension.”
Burns wrote that he “single-handedly” put together the first issue of "Negro Digest", which he states was the idea of John H. Johnson. Johnson hardly mentions Burns in his autobiography. Burns noted that Johnson “in later years … embellished his personal success story by claiming to have edited the "Digest".”
Earl Conrad claimed to have priority over Burns as the “first white man ever to work for a Negro newspaper,” an assertion Burns easily refuted.
Richard Wright.
During the 1950s, Burns had a disagreement with Richard Wright, a long-time friend, over an article by Wright on “The Shame of Chicago,” about the plight of the local black community, which had been submitted for publication to "Ebony". Burns wanted to publish the article, but "Ebony"’s publisher, John H. Johnson, was against it. Johnson would only agree to publish Wright’s article if, in order to appease advertisers, Burns would write an editorial publicly denouncing the article, which he did. Later, another similar piece by Wright, solicited by Burns, was rejected by Johnson. After Wright’s death, some critics claimed Burns was in a “continuing feud” with Wright, and accused him of “skullduggery”; Burns defended his actions in his memoir.
Recognition and influence.
A statement of Burns’ influence appeared in the "Chicago Defender" obituary, which stated that Burns “pioneered in creating and editing the first commercially successful African American magazines and was a former editor in chief of the "Chicago Defender" who trained many Black writers in all phases of print journalism.” The documentary record he accumulated during those years, and later donated to the Chicago Public Library, is a “gold mine” of information on the history of black journalism. “For students of African American history and Black journalism,” a "Defender" editorial stated in reference to the Burns papers, “it is a collection that demands to be seen.”
In 1997, Burns was named to the Hall of Achievement at Northwestern University’s Medill School of Journalism.

</doc>
<doc id="36781232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781232" title="Charles Morse Stotz">
Charles Morse Stotz

Charles Morse Stotz was an architect, architectural historian, and preservationist. He is known for his extensive study of the architectural history of Pittsburgh and Western Pennsylvania. He was one of the architects to practice in the field of preservation. He was credited with arousing "public awarenesss of the right and significant history of western Pennsylvania."
Early life and career.
He was born in 1899 in Ingram, Pennsylvania. He father, Edward Stotz, was a noted architect in Pittsburgh. As a 15-year old, he was 5th place in the "Boys' Life" national Daniel Boone Contest essay contest, winning $1.00.
In 1921, he graduated from Cornell University with a degree in architecture in 1921; he later completed his Master’s degree there.
He joined his father's architectural firm in 1923. By 1936, his father left the firm to his sons, Charles and Edward Stotz Jr.; the new firm was called Charles M. and Edward Stotz Jr., Architect and Engineer. He was active in the Pittsburgh chapter of the American Institute of Architects, serving as secretary from 1935 to 1936 and president from 1940 to 1941.
As an architectural critic, he felt that post-Civil War American architecture lacked form, or as he said "gone to pot", as the result of the influence of the industrial age.
"The Early Architecture of Western Pennsylvania".
In 1931, Historical Monuments Committee of the Pittsburgh Chapter of the American Institute of Architects reported on the disrepair of many unrecorded historic buildings in western Pennsylvania. Answering that call, Stotz and fellow architects created Western Pennsylvania Architectural Survey, funded partially by the Buhl Foundation. The effort was similar to the federally funded Historic American Buildings Survey that would be created a few years later. Stotz served as chairman of the group that traveled 6,000 miles to survey an area covering 22,000 square miles over 27 Pennsylvania counties. The finished product, "The Early Architecture of Western Pennsylvania,"' included photographs, architectural illustrations, precise measurements, and historical context for 542 buildings. A new edition of the book was published in 1966.
He was chairman of the Western Pennsylvania Architectural Survey from 1932 to 1935 and the Western Pennsylvania section of the Historic American Buildings Survey from 1934 to 1937.
Forts.
Early in his career, he was instrumental in the restoration of Old Economy Village in Ambridge, Pennsylvania. He guided the restoration of Fort Ligonier in Ligonier, Pennsylvania. His research on that project led him to be the definitive expert on 18th century forts in North America. In the late 1940s, he planned a restoration of Fort Pitt, but it was cost-prohibitive. He turned to the development of the Fort Pitt Museum at Point State Park. His exhaustive research into the design of 18th century forts took him to review architectural documents in London and Paris and to visit every fort from Nova Scotia to Florida.
He and Alfred James Proctor co-authored the 1958 history of the French and Indian War in Western Pennsylvania, "Drums in the Forest", which was the Historical Society of Western Pennsylvania's contribution to the celebration of Pittsburgh’s Bicentennial in 1958-59.
In 1963, he left the firm he owned with his brother to start Stotz, McLaughlin, and Hess. He served as a consultant for the restoration of numerous Western Pennsylvania landmarks, including Compass Inn, Drake Well, Hanna's Town, Johnston Tavern, Neill Log House, Stone House, Washington's Mill, and Wilson's Birthplace.
After 1969, he began working on the book "Outposts of the War for Empire", published by the Historical Society of Western Pennsylvania in 1985. More than a mere history, it contained detailed architectural drawings of 18th century frontier forts.
He retired in 1974. He died on March 6, 1985 at his home in Fort Myers, Florida.
His work inspired many preservationists; his architectural drawings provided templates for other historically accurate restorations.

</doc>
<doc id="36781249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781249" title="Lily van Java">
Lily van Java

Lilly van Java (Lily of Java), also known as Melatie van Java (Jasmine of Java), is a 1928 film from the Dutch East Indies directed by Nelson Wong. Initially meant to be produced by South Sea Film and shot by an American director, the film – which follows a woman told to marry a man she does not love – was ultimately completed by Wong's Halimoen Film. Details on its cast and performance are contradictory, although the film is recognised as the first of a long series of ethnic Chinese-produced films in the country. It is likely a lost film.
Premise.
The young daughter of a rich man, already in a loving relationship, is forced to marry someone she does not love.
Production.
The first two films produced in the Dutch East Indies, "Loetoeng Kasaroeng" (1926) and "Eulis Atjih" (1927), were made by the Dutch filmmakers L. Heuveldorp and G. Kruger, respectively. Ethnic Chinese businessmen, capitalising on the success of films produced in Shanghai, China, established two production houses, one in Batavia (modern day Jakarta) and the other in Surabaya. South Sea Film, the production house in Batavia established by Liem Goan Lian and Tjan Tjoen Lian, was advertised as the first Chinese filmmaking cooperative in the country. Its first script was for "Lily van Java"; which the company had to pass through the (national censorship bureau) for fear of violating traditional values.
According to JB Kristanto's "Katalog Film Indonesia" ("Indonesian Film Catalogue"), an American named Len Ross was initially booked to direct the film; Ross was reportedly in the country to film a work entitled "Java" for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and shot several scenes in mid-1928. The cast was ethnic Chinese, and the female stars – Lie Lian Hwa and Lie Bo Tan – were reportedly daughters of the Surabayan gangster Lie Bauw Kie and trained in silat; other cast members included Kwee Tiang An and Yah Kwee Pang. However, after Ross withdrew the script was put on hold.
Nelson Wong, who had formerly been booked with his brothers Joshua and Othniel to record a film for Tio Tek Djien, approached David Wong (no relation), a high-ranking General Motors employee in Batavia, for funding. With this the Wong Brother's Halimoen Film was able to finish the film. Some sources indicate that the same cast was used, while others suggest that the leading role was taken by a student from Shanghai named Lily Oey.
The silent film was shot in black and white; its intertitles were bilingual, written in both Malay and Chinese. The American film historian Richard Abel writes that the film's technical quality, like all other local productions of the time, was poor and unable to compete with imported works, and the Indonesian film scholar Misbach Yusa Biran writes that the shots were considered blurry even at the time.
Release and reception.
"Lily van Java" was released in 1928. Its success is disputed. The reporter Leopold Gan wrote that the film was highly successful, to the point that after several years copies were worn through from overplaying. However, Joshua Wong later recalled in an interview that the film had been a failure; David Wong is reported to have avowed to no longer fund any films after "Lily van Java". Lacking a backer, the Wong Brothers went on hiatus.
"Lily van Java" continues to be recorded as the first Chinese-produced film of the area. Although the Wongs went on hiatus, other ethnic Chinese became involved in film. Several Chinese owned start-ups are recorded from 1929 on, including Nancing Film with "Resia Boroboedoer" (1928) and Tan's Film with "Njai Dasima" (1929). By the early 1930s Chinese-owned businesses were the dominating force in the country's film industry.
The film is likely a lost film. The American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider writes that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost. However, JB Kristanto's "Katalog Film Indonesia" ("Indonesian Film Catalogue") records several as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia's archives, and Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36781262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781262" title="Sqrrl">
Sqrrl

Sqrrl Data, Inc. is a Boston-based enterprise software company which provides Apache Accumulo-based products. It contributes to Accumulo and related Apache projects.
History.
Headquartered in Cambridge, MA, Sqrrl was founded by former computer scientists from the National Security Agency (NSA).
In August 2012, Sqrrl announced a $2 million seed round led by Atlas Venture and Matrix Partners.
Product.
Sqrrl's flagship product is Sqrrl Enterprise which uses Apache Accumulo.

</doc>
<doc id="36781267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781267" title="Miles, Virginia">
Miles, Virginia

Miles (also known as Miles Store) is an unincorporated community in Mathews County, Virginia, United States. Miles is located on Whites Neck southwest of Mathews. Miles had a post office, which closed on July 4, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36781283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781283" title="Filemon Vela, Jr.">
Filemon Vela, Jr.

Filemon Bartolome Vela, Jr. (born February 13, 1963) is an American lawyer and politician who has been the U.S. Representative for since 2013. He is a member of the Democratic Party.
Early life and education.
Vela was born in Harlingen, Texas and raised in Brownsville, Texas. His father, Filemon Bartolome Vela, Sr., was a long-serving United States federal judge. The Reynaldo G. Garza-Filemon B. Vela United States Courthouse in Brownsville is named in Judge Vela's honor. His mother, Blanca Sanchez Vela, served as Brownsville’s first female mayor from 1999 to 2003.
Filemon attended Saint Joseph Academy in Brownsville, Texas, and went on to graduate from Georgetown University in 1985. During his time at Georgetown, he served as an intern at the Federal Judicial Center – the research and education agency of the federal judicial system. He also served as an intern in Congressman Solomon P Ortiz’s Washington, D.C. office. Vela earned his J.D. from University of Texas at Austin School of Law in 1987. 
Law career.
For more than 20 years, Filemon practiced law in South Texas, helping countless individuals seek justice in state and federal courts across the country. His legal practice focused on complex civil litigation. As a trial attorney, Filemon successfully represented clients who were the victims of racial discrimination, consumers who had been severely injured by defective products, and employees injured during work.
Some notable cases include Earl Shinhoster v. Ford Motor Company where Vela represented the family of deceased Director of the NAACP who was killed in a car rollover accident in what was the largest wrongful death settlements in Alabama history and Robert Trevino v. Walmart where Vela represented a group of American farm workers who were told they could not shop in a Mississippi store because of discrimination against Hispanics. 
As an attorney, Vela also represented several South Texas school districts. In Edinburg School District v. Landmark, Vela represented Edinburg to fight for more funding and in Pharr-San Juan-Alamo Independent School District v. Landmark, he represented the district in fighting contractors accused of building another poorly constructed school facility.
U.S. House of Representatives.
2012 election.
Vela decided to run in the newly created Texas's 34th congressional district as a Democrat. In the May 29 primary, Vela ranked first in an 8-candidate field with 40% of the vote. In the July 31 run-off primary, Vela defeated Denise Saenz Blanchard 67%-33%. 
In the general election, Vela defeated Republican Jessica Bradshaw 62% - 36%, winning the election.
Tenure.
In July 2013, he decided to quit the Congressional Hispanic Caucus because of his opposition to the Hoeven-Corker Amendment that tied border security with a pathway to citizenship. He said “erecting more border fence drives a wedge between border communities which are culturally united.”
Personal life.
Vela's wife, Rose, was a Republican justice on Texas’ 13th Court of Appeals from 2007 to 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36781292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781292" title="Mare aux Songes">
Mare aux Songes

The Mare aux Songes swamp is a lagerstätte located close to the sea in south eastern Mauritius. Many subfossils of recently extinct animals have accumulated in the swamp, which was once a lake, and some of the first subfossil remains of Dodos were found there.
History.
In 1865, government schoolmaster at Mahébourg, George Clark, finally found an abundance of subfossil Dodo bones in the swamp of Mare aux Songes in Southern Mauritius, after searching for thirty years, having been inspired by Strickland & Melville's monograph about the bird. In 1866, Clark explained his procedure to The Ibis, an ornithology journal:
Remains of over 300 Dodos were found in the swamp, but only very few skull and wing bones among them, which may be explained by the upper bodies having been washed away or scavenged while the lower body was trapped, which is similar to the way many Moa remains have been found in New Zealand marshes. In 1889, Théodor Sauzier was commissioned to find more Dodo remains in the Mare aux Songes. He was successful, and also found remains of other extinct species. 26 museums worldwide have significant holdings of Dodo material, almost all found in the Mare aux Songes.
In October 2005, after a hundred years of neglect, a part of the Mare aux Songes swamp was excavated by an international team of researchers. To prevent Malaria, the British had covered the swamp in hard core during their rule over Mauritius, which had to be removed. Many remains were found, including bones of Dodos in various stages of maturity, and several bones obviously from the skeleton of one individual Dodo, which have been preserved in their natural position. These findings were made public in December 2005 in the Naturalis museum in Leiden. 63% of the fossils found in the swamp belonged to turtles of the extinct "Cylindraspis" genus, and 7.1% belonged to Dodos, which had been deposited within several centuries, 4000 years ago. Subsequent excavations suggested that Dodos, along with other animals, became mired in the Mare aux Songes while trying to reach water during a long period of severe drought about 4,200 years ago.
Paleofauna.
The following animals have been identified from fossils in the Mare aux Songes.

</doc>
<doc id="36781303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781303" title="Deng Yang">
Deng Yang

Deng Yang (鄧颺: ? – 249) is an official of the Cao Wei. His style name is Xuanmao (玄茂).
He is a descendant of Deng Yu (鄧禹), a famous general of
Emperor Guangwu.
Achievements.
In his young days, he lived at Luyang and became famous. In the days of Emperor Cao Rui,
he was appointed the gentleman of the Imperial Secretariat (尚書郎), in addition to
prefect(縣令) of Luyang. Afterwards he became Gentleman of the Household (中郎) and 中書郎.
As one of the legislative bureau of government (中書省, Zhongshu Sheng), he made an associats along with
He Yan(何晏), Li Sheng (李勝), Ding Mi (丁謐), Bi Gui (畢軌),
and Emperor Cao Rui expelled them all as he thought the faction was useless and vanity. Afterwards
Deng Yang could not return to office during the reign of Emperor Cao Rui.
In 239, when Cao Rui asked in his death bed that General-in-Chief(大將軍) Cao Shuang(曹爽) and Grand Commandant (太尉) Sima Yi (司馬懿) should help Cao Rui's successor, Cao Fang.
Deng Yang became Administrator of Yingchuan(潁川太守) and afterwards became 大將軍長史, and promoted
to 侍中 and 尚書, became one of right hand mans of Cao Shuang.
Afterwards Li Sheng and Deng Yang advised to Cao Shuang to attack Shu Han
in order to increase Cao Shuang's reputation. Following their advices, Cao Shuang invaded Shu Han in 244. However Cao Shuang was defeated and could not achieve his aim.
Deng Yang was fond of bribery. In one case, after Zang Ai (臧艾) gave his father's concubine to Deng Yang,
Deng Yang appointed Zang Ai (臧艾) to a high office position. Rumor spread that one should give a
concubine to Deng Yang in order to be promoted.
In 249, Emperor Cao Fang visited the Gaoping Tombs to pay his respects to the late emperor Cao Rui.
Cao Shuang, together with his brothers and close associates, followed Cao Fang on the trip.
While they were away, Sima Yi seized the opportunity to launch the military coup.
At this Sima Yi's military coup e'tat,
Cao Shuang and his brothers surrendered to Sima Yi.
Afterwards Cao Shuang and Cao Shuang's brothers and members of his faction were charged with treason,
and were all executed by Sima Yi. Deng Yang was one of them.

</doc>
<doc id="36781310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781310" title="General Hewett (1812)">
General Hewett (1812)

The General Hewett, sometimes spelt General Hewart or General Hewitt, was a sailing ship built in 1812 at Calcutta, Bengal. She consisted of three decks and her hull was sheathed in copper in 1854.
Under the command of Percy Earl, she sailed from England on 26 August 1813, with 300 male convicts. She arrived at Port Jackson on 7 February 1814. Thirty four male convicts died on the voyage. A detachment of the 46th Regiment of Foot were also transported. "General Hewett" left Port Jackson on 6 April bound for Ceylon.
She served in the East India Company from 1812 till 1830. A new deck, wales and major repairs were undertaken in 1842. She left London on 20 October 1845, under the command of Captain Hart, she carried passengers and cargo and arrived at Port Jackson on 21 January 1846.
Departing Plymouth on 11 August 1848, under the command of John Gatenby, she carried passengers and cargo and arrived at Port Jackson on 13 November 1848. She left afterwards for India. Leaving London on 24 August 1852, under the command of John Gatenby, she carried passengers and cargo and arrived at Port Jackson on 24 December 1852. "General Hewett" was sheathed in felt and copper fastened with iron bolts in 1854.

</doc>
<doc id="36781318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781318" title="Fabio Mignanelli">
Fabio Mignanelli

Fabio Mignanelli (d. 1557) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
Fabio Mignanelli was born in Siena ca. 1486, the son of Pietro Paolo Mignanelli and Onorata Saraceni. He attended the University of Siena, becoming a doctor of both laws. He then became a professor of law at the University of Siena.
In 1533, he moved to Rome, becoming a consistorial advocate. He was married to Antonina Capodiferro, the sister of Cardinal Girolamo Recanati Capodiferro and had a son. After Antonia died, Mignanelli entered the church. In 1537, he was sent as ambassador to the Republic of Venice to encourage Venice to break its alliance with the Ottoman Empire and to go to war against the Ottomans. In October 1537, Pope Paul III sent him as ambassador to Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor to present him with the brief postponing the Council of Trent for a second time. In spring 1538, he traveled to Nice with the pope to negotiate the end of the Italian War of 1536–1538; shortly thereafter, they traveled to Geneva to meet the emperor. On September 3, 1538, he was appointed nuncio to Ferdinand, King of the Romans, holding this position until 1539. In 1540, he became an auditor of the Roman Rota. He was also a protonotary apostolic and the pope's domestic prelate.
On November 15, 1540, he was elected Bishop of Lucera. He was appointed governor and vice-legate in Bologna on April 14, 1541. From July 22, 1543 to August 2, 1544, he was nuncio to the Republic of Venice. He was present at the opening of the Council of Trent on December 13, 1545. In 1546, he was vice-legate in Marche. On September 20, 1546, the pope sent him as nuncio to the emperor. In 1548, he was vice-legate in Ascoli Piceno. On June 10, 1551, he was appointed commissary of the Adriatic ports.
Pope Julius III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of November 20, 1551. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Silvestro in Capite on December 4, 1551. Shortly thereafter, he became Prefect of the Apostolic Signatura. On August 13, 1552, the pope made him legate "a latere" to pacify Siena. On May 17, 1553, he resigned the government of his diocese, becoming administrator of Grosseto; he resigned in favor of his nephew, Giacomo Mignanelli on October 2, 1553. Pope Julius III then made him Prefect of the Papal States.
He was a participant in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV.
He opted for the titular church of Santi Giovanni e Paolo on June 12, 1556.
He died in Rome on August 10, 1557. He was buried in Santa Maria della Pace.

</doc>
<doc id="36781332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781332" title="AutoGyro Cavalon">
AutoGyro Cavalon

The Autogyro Cavalon is a German autogyro, designed and produced by AutoGyro GmbH of Hildesheim. It was introduced at the 2011 Aero show in Friedrichshafen. The aircraft is supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development.
The Cavalon is a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration development of the tandem-seating AutoGyro Calidus. It features a single main rotor, an enclosed cockpit with a complete aerodynamic cockpit fairing, tricycle landing gear with wheel pants and a four cylinder, air and liquid-cooled, four-stroke, dual-ignition Rotax 912 engine or turbocharged Rotax 914 engine in pusher configuration.
The aircraft fuselage is made from composites and is a faired teardrop shape to ensure smooth airflow over the variable pitch pusher propeller. Its diameter rotor has a chord of . The aircraft has a gross weight of . The design incorporates vibration dampers that greatly reduce the level of main rotor vibration transmitted to the cockpit.
Operational history.
By December 2012 two examples had been registered in the United States with the Federal Aviation Administration, one in the "Experimental - Amateur-built" category and one status unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36781333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781333" title="Darrah House and Water Tank House">
Darrah House and Water Tank House

The Darrah House and Water Tank House near Shoshone, Idaho, United States, were built in 1916 by Bill Darrah. They was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983; the listing included two contributing buildings on .

</doc>
<doc id="36781335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781335" title="William Montgomery Davenport Davidson">
William Montgomery Davenport Davidson

William Montgomery Davenport Davidson J.P. (1830 – 1909
), was a Surveyor-General of Queensland in Australia.
Davidson was born at Richmond, Surrey, in 1830. He was educated at the Moravian School in Yorkshire, and afterwards at the Stockwell Grammar School, which is connected with King's College, London. Mr. Davidson then went to the College of Civil Engineers, where he took his diploma.
Davidson left England for Tasmania in 1852, going over to Victoria the same year. He returned to Tasmania in 1854, and was appointed Inspecting Surveyor for the southern part of the island. In response to an invitation from Augustus Charles Gregory, who was then Surveyor-General, he went to Queensland in 1861, and was appointed Staff Surveyor. In 1868 he became District Surveyor, a position he held until June 1st, 1875, when he accepted the post of Deputy-Surveyor-General. In December 1889, on the resignation of William Alcock Tully, Davidson exchanged this position for that of Surveyor-General.
Davidson had the "Cliveden" homestead built for him on a bend of the Brisbane River in Oxley, Queensland in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="36781371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781371" title="The Billy Taylor Trio with Candido">
The Billy Taylor Trio with Candido

The Bily Taylor Trio with Candido is an album by American jazz pianist Billy Taylor's trio with Cuban percussionist Candido Camero featuring tracks recorded in 1954 for the Prestige label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with it review by Stephen Cook calling it "A very nice program of Latin-tinged bop numbers".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Billy Taylor except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36781385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781385" title="List of video games owned by Microsoft Studios on Nintendo platforms">
List of video games owned by Microsoft Studios on Nintendo platforms

Despite Microsoft Studios having entered the console market with the Xbox platform, as the company lacked a handheld, Microsoft decided to allow their IPs to appear on their rival console manufacturer Nintendo's handheld platforms. At the moment there is no official announcement regarding Nintendo 3DS games in development that involves Microsoft Studios.
"Note: This list does not include games based on the Donkey Kong series developed by Rare, even after the sale to Microsoft in 2002, such as the Game Boy Advance versions of the Donkey Kong Country series and Diddy Kong Racing DS, since Nintendo owns the rights to the Donkey Kong series."

</doc>
<doc id="36781420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781420" title="Giovanni Poggio">
Giovanni Poggio

Giovanni Poggio (also written Poggi) (26 January 1493 – 12 February 1556) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal. He is mainly known for the elaborate decorations he arranged for his residence, the Palazzo Poggi.
Early years.
Poggio was born in Bologna on 26 January 1493, the son of Cristoforo Poggio and Francesca Mantuana. He was married and had several children, becoming a cleric in minor orders only after his wife's death in 1528.
Pope Paul III appointed Poggio as a protonotary apostolic and treasurer of the Apostolic Camera. 
From July 1529 to January 1535, Poggio was the nuncio to the Royal Court of Spain. From January 1535 to July 1537, he served as nuncio, residing in Madrid (with Giovanni Guidiccione serving as nuncio at the royal court). He was nuncio to the royal court again from July 1537 to March 1541.
Bishop.
Poggio was appointed Bishop of Tropea on 4 October 1541.
He appointed a Vicar General to administer the diocese, since he was again nuncio to Spain from September 1541 to December 1551. From the 1540s until 1551 Poggi was papal nuncio at the Spanish court of the Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor.
In 1554, Pope Julius III dispatched him to attempt to convince Francis Borgia, a ranking Spanish nobleman who had recently renounced his position to enter the Society of Jesus, to accept a cardinal's hat, but Borgia refused.
In November 1548 Prince Philip of Spain, son of King Charles V of Spain, made a triumphal entry into Genoa en route from Spain to the Spanish Netherlands. As nuncio, Poggio was among the dignitaries who accompanied him.
As was normal at the time, Poggio accepted loans from the Olivieri banking house, leading financiers of the city. Given his important positions as nuncio to Spain and general treasurer, the amounts lent to him were unusually large.
Cardinal.
At the request of Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, Pope Julius III made Poggio a Cardinal Priest in the consistory of 20 November 1551. 
He received the red hat and the titular church of Sant'Anastasia on 23 March 1552. From December 1551 to March 1553, he was legate "a latere" in Spain.
In January 1552 he successfully defended the Jesuits against attempts by Archbishop Juan Martínez y Siliceo of Toledo to suppress that Order.
Poggio was a participant in the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II. He also participated in the papal conclave of May 1555 in which Giovanni Pietro Carafa was elected Pope, taking the name Pope Paul IV. Poggio initially resisted the election, but was eventually persuaded by Cardinal Alessandro Farnese.
Poggio resigned the government of his see in favor of his nephew Giovanni Matteo di Lucchi, Bishop of Ancona on 6 February 1556.
He died in Bologna six days later, 12 February 1556, and was buried in the Augustinian Church of San Giacomo Maggiore there.
Palace and chapel.
Construction of the Palazzo Poggi in Bologna for Giovanni Poggi and his brother began in 1549.
Cardinal Poggi met Pellegrino Tibaldi after the painter moved to Rome in 1547, and later commissioned him to paint the Palazzo Poggi.
Tibaldi, a native of Bologna, returned to the city in 1555 and painted frescos for the Cardinal in his palace and family chapel. This work is considered Tibaldi's masterpiece. 
In the Poggi Chapel in the Church of San Giacomo Maggiore, there are two portraits by Tibaldi of Cardinal Poggi, one on each side of the altar. The one on the left shows him as papal nuncio to Spain, while the one on the right shows him later in his career, as a cardinal.
In 1714 the Palazzo Poggi, the Cardinal's private residence, became the House of the Instituto dell Scienze, and it is still one of the main buildings of the University of Bologna.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36781443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781443" title="Mr. Crewe's Career">
Mr. Crewe's Career

Mr. Crewe's Career is a 1908 best-selling novel by American writer Winston Churchill. 
The novel tells the story of a railroad lobby's attempts to control the New Hampshire state government using all possible tactics. Churchill's prior novel "Coniston" was also a political novel, and the successor draws from Churchill's own unsuccessful run for Governor of New Hampshire in 1906.
Though the book was perhaps not as praised as "Coniston", it was generally well-received and popular. It was the best-selling novel in the United States in 1908. Playwright Marion Fairfax also adapted the novel into a play which opened in New Haven, Connecticut in December 1908.

</doc>
<doc id="36781478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781478" title="John Davies (New South Wales politician)">
John Davies (New South Wales politician)

John Davies C.M.G., M.L.C., J.P. (2 March 1839 – 23 May 1896), was a New South Wales politician.
Davies was born in Sydney, the son of John Davies, of New South Wales. Starting in business as an ironmonger and general blacksmith, he commenced to take an active part in politics on the Liberal side as soon as he was of age, and in December 1874 he was returned to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly for East Sydney, which constituency he continued to represent until his appointment to the New South Wales Legislative Council in December 1887. He was Postmaster-General in the Robertson Government from August to December 1877. Mr. Davies was acting British Commissioner at the Sydney International Exhibition in 1879, and was created C.M.G. in the following year, when he was a Commissioner for New South Wales to the Melbourne International Exhibition; as also for the Amsterdam Exhibition in 1882, and the Colonial and Indian Exhibition in 1886. Davies, who was President of the Royal Commission on Friendly Societies, married, in 1861, Miss Elisabeth Eaton.

</doc>
<doc id="36781497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781497" title="2012 Caracas prison riot">
2012 Caracas prison riot

On 20 August 2012, armed prisoners in the Yare I prison complex, an overcrowded Venezuelan prison near Caracas, rioted in a shootout between two groups, resulting in the deaths of 25 people, one of them a visitor. Among those injured during the incident were 29 inmates and 14 visitors.
Background.
Venezuela's prison system is heavily overcrowded; its facilities have capacity for only 14,000 prisoners, yet house over 50,000 inmates. More than 300 prisoners die every year, and not all of it is due to overcrowding. Prisoners have easy access to machine guns, grenades, and narcotics. According to the Venezuelan Prisons Observatory, in the first half of 2012 clashes between prison gangs left 304 dead – a 15% increase from the same period last year.
Prison massacres have become a major obstacle for the administration of President Hugo Chávez especially now that he is dead. Following the 2011 riots in El Rodeo I and El Rodeo II prisons, where dozens of inmates were killed respectively, Chávez announced a program to reduce the violence and the overcrowding in Venezuela's prison systems.
With the upcoming presidential elections, the prison chaos in Venezuela could be a politically sensitive issue for Venezuela's president. The deceased President Chávez blames the past regimes before he took office in 1999 for the current problems in Venezuela's prison system, while Henrique Capriles Radonski, the opposition leader, stated on Twitter after the prison riot that Chávez's administration has been oblivious of reforms. Plus he' dead now.
The deadliest prison massacre in Venezuela's history occurred in 1994 at Maracaibo National Jail, where around 130 inmates were burned to death or butchered with machetes during a gang fight and ethnic feud.
Incident.
Inside the Yare I prison complex near Caracas on 20 August 2012, a clash between two prison gangs left 25 dead and 43 wounded. The brawl started after a gunshot was fired during a discussion between the gang leaders of the two factions, although the shot did not hit anyone. The gun battle between the two gangs vying for the control of the prison lasted over four hours, bringing the death toll to over 500 since the Government of Venezuela implemented a Prison Ministry to reform the country's prison system since July 2011. About 980 women were on a visit trip at the prison when the riot occurred, and some of the relatives decided to stay inside because they were scared of how the security forces outside the prison would react.
Local media reports indicated that the tension inside the prison may have started after several inmates were transferred to Yare I from La Planta, an overcrowded prison near Caracas that was closed after a series of violent incidents back in May 2012.
Security experts believe that Venezuela's penitentiary system remains a "cauldron of violence" because the prison gangs rule the facilities, have easy access to weapons, and are too powerful for the corrupt and ineffective prison authorities.
Reactions.
Venezuelan Prisons Minister Iris Varela responded that "we will make them answer for this."
Opposition leader Henrique Capriles tweeted, "The transformation of the Venezuelan prison system is another big lie that we've been told by this government. How many more will die?"

</doc>
<doc id="36781507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781507" title="Benalla Ensign">
Benalla Ensign

The Benalla Ensign is a weekly newspaper that has been published in Benalla, Victoria, Australia since 1868. It currently has a weekly circulation of 36,904 and provides mostly local news with a strong emphasis on the results of local sports teams and local classified ads.
History.
The Benalla Ensign first began publication as the' Benalla Ensign and Farmer's and Squatter's Journal' in 1868. The original proprietor was John Liston. This was superseded by the' North Eastern Ensign' in April 1872 and was published under this title until February 1938 when it returned to the original name. The owners from 1887 to 1977 were the O'Shea Family who then sold the newspaper to Geoff Adams and in July 1986 the current owners McPherson Media Group bought it.

</doc>
<doc id="36781508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781508" title="Order of Civil Merit (Syria)">
Order of Civil Merit (Syria)

Order of Civil Merit () is a Syrian decoration. It was established on 25 June 1953. The decoration is awarded for service to the state or to the Arab cause. It has five classes, including the Excellent Class awarded in badge of star; the First Class, awarded in badge or star; the Second Class; the Third Class and the Fourth Class. The Excellent and the First Class are being weared on a suit, while the Second Class is worn on a ribbon around the neck. The Third and the Fourth Class are worn on a ribbon on the right side of a chest. The colours of the decoration's ribbon are white-green-white, each represented in equal ratio.

</doc>
<doc id="36781540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781540" title="Alex Dimitrov">
Alex Dimitrov

Alex Dimitrov (born November 30, 1984) is an American poet and the founder of Wilde Boys, a queer poetry salon in New York City.
Early life.
Dimitrov was born in Sofia, Bulgaria, and raised in Detroit, Michigan. He attended the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, where he studied with the poet Anne Carson, and received a BA in English and Film Studies in 2007. In 2009 he received an MFA in poetry from Sarah Lawrence College, where he studied with the poet Marie Howe.
Career.
His poems have been published in "Poetry", "The American Poetry Review", which awarded him the 2011 Stanley Kunitz Prize, "The Yale Review", "The Kenyon Review", Slate, "Tin House", "Boston Review", Poetry Daily, and other publications.
In June 2012 Dimitrov released the e-chapbook "American Boys", published by Floating Wolf Quarterly. "American Boys" included poems, childhood photographs, and digital ephemera such as screencaps of text messages and other images from modern methods of communication and connection.
Dimitrov's first full-length book of poems, "Begging for It", was published by Four Way Books in March 2013.
In February 2014 Dimitrov launched "Night Call", a multimedia poetry project through which he read poems to strangers in bed and online. Some of the components of the project included a video and a poem both titled "Night Call".
Dimitrov is the Content Editor at the Academy of American Poets and teaches creative writing at Rutgers University in New Brunswick.
Wilde Boys.
On May 27, 2009, days after graduating from Sarah Lawrence College, Dimitrov founded Wilde Boys, a queer poetry salon that brought together emerging and established poets and writers in New York City.
Since then, Dimitrov has hosted the following writers: John Ashbery, Frank Bidart, Gabrielle Calvocoressi, Henri Cole, CAConrad, Michael Cunningham, Mark Doty, Louise Glück, Jorie Graham, Richard Howard, Marie Howe, Wayne Koestenbaum, Dorothea Lasky, Timothy Liu, Daniel Mendelsohn, Eileen Myles, Carl Phillips, Brenda Shaughnessy, David Trinidad, and Edmund White. Public readings for the salon have included poets Mark Bibbins, Tom Healy, Saeed Jones, Paul Legault, Dante Michaeux, Angelo Nikolopoulos, Jason Schneiderman, and Mark Wunderlich.
Dimitrov has also held salons focusing on recovering the work of queer poets Joe Brainard, Tim Dlugos, Leland Hickman and Reginald Shepherd. A salon was also held in honor of the work of Elizabeth Bishop, with special guests Richard Howard and Gabrielle Calvocoressi.
Wilde Boys ended on November 1, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36781547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781547" title="Cecil Terence Ingold">
Cecil Terence Ingold

Cecil Terence Ingold (5 July 1905 – 31 May 2010) was "one of the most influential mycologists of the twentieth century". He was president of the British Mycological Society where he organized the first international congress of mycologists. An entire class of aquatic fungi within the Pleosporales, the Ingoldian fungi, were named after him, although recent DNA studies are changing the scientific names.
Ingold attended Queen's University in Belfast, Northern Ireland, where, in 1926, he received his bachelor's degree in botany, with emphasis on mycology. After a year at Imperial College, London, he returned to Queen's University for his doctorate in botany which he was awarded in 1930. His dissertation was on systems in plant sap that buffer against changes in pH. Ingold received a faculty appointment to the Department of Botany, at the University of Reading, where he taught botany. From 1944 he held a chair at Birkbeck College, University of London.
In 1932, at the urging of Walter Buddin, Ingold joined the British Mycological Society. In 1938 Ingold began his study of freshwater fungi and in 1942 he published his seminal work: "Aquatic hyphomycetes of decaying alder leaves".
Ingold continued to work on fungi for thirty years after his retirement.
His daughter is Patsy Healey

</doc>
<doc id="36781569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781569" title="Catherine (1811)">
Catherine (1811)

The Catherine, was a 325 ton sailing ship and whaler built in 1811 at New Bedford.
Under the command of William Simmonds, she sailed from Falmouth, England on 8 December 1813, with 98 female convicts. She arrived at Port Jackson on 4 May 1814. One female convict died on the voyage. "Catherine" left Port Jackson on 13 July bound for the whale fisheries around New Zealand.
Captain Simmons died three days after leaving Port Jackson and was replaced by Robert Graham. She returned to England in 1816 and returned to the whale fisheries around New Zealand shortly afterwards. "Catherine" returned to England in 1818, before again returning to the whale fisheries around New Zealand in 1819.

</doc>
<doc id="36781613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781613" title="HMAS Diamond Snake">
HMAS Diamond Snake

HMAS "Diamond Snake" was an Snake class junk built for the Royal Australian Navy during the Second World War. She was launched in 1945 and commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy on 23 July 1945. She was used by the Services Reconnaissance Department and was paid off on 19 October 1945, before being transferred to the Australian Army.

</doc>
<doc id="36781625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781625" title="1991 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles">
1991 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles

Marc Rosset was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Pete Sampras won the title, beating Olivier Delaître 6–1, 6–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36781627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781627" title="HMAS River Snake">
HMAS River Snake

HMAS "River Snake" was an Snake class junk built for the Royal Australian Navy during the Second World War. She was launched in 1945 and commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy on 19 February 1945. She was used by the Services Reconnaissance Department and was paid off on 2 November 1945, before being handed over to the British Civil Administration in Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="36781635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781635" title="HMAS Grass Snake">
HMAS Grass Snake

HMAS "River Snake" was an Snake class junk built for the Royal Australian Navy during the Second World War. She was launched in 1945 and commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy on 23 April 1945. She was used by the Services Reconnaissance Department and was paid off on 13 December 1945, before being handed over to the British Civil Administration in Borneo.

</doc>
<doc id="36781659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781659" title="Place de la Musique">
Place de la Musique

The Sanfilippo "Place de la Musique" is a private museum, Barrington Hills, Illinois, United States, known for its collection of antique music machines—which includes phonographs, player pianos, fairground and band organs, calliopes, and a large theater pipe organ. It is located on the estate of Jasper and Marian Sanfilippo. It is sometimes referred to as the Sanfilippo Collection.
Music displays.
Theater organ.
The Wurlitzer company built the theater organ in 1927 as their Opus 1571. It is one of the largest theater pipe organs in the world, currently having about 8000 pipes. It was originally built for the Riviera Theatre in Omaha, Nebraska. It has been restored and expanded under David Junchen, after the museum installed it in a purpose-built music room. The organ uses extension to produce some tones.
Steam locomotive.
The steam locomotive was used in Henry Ford's River Rouge complex in Dearborn, Michigan and later displayed at the Ford Museum at Greenfield Village.
Physical Location.
Private residence.
Sanfilippo Foundation.
The Sanfilippo Foundation is an organization associated with the museum. It helps charities use the Sanfilippo Estate and its collections for fundraising efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="36781674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781674" title="2012–13 Albany Great Danes men's basketball team">
2012–13 Albany Great Danes men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Albany Great Danes men's basketball team represented the University at Albany, SUNY during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Great Danes, led by 12th year head coach Will Brown, played their home games at SEFCU Arena and were members of the America East Conference. They finished the season 24–11, 9–7 in America East play to finish in fifth place. They were champions of the America East Tournament, winning the championship over Vermont, to earn an automatic bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament where they lost in the second round to Duke.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9|2013 America East Tournament
!colspan=9|2013 NCAA Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36781682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781682" title="Taynal">
Taynal

Sayf ad-Din Taynal an-Nasiri al-Ashrafi (d. 1343) was a prominent "emir" and "mamluk" of an-Nasir Muhammad, the Bahri Mamluk sultan of Egypt. He served as the "Na'ib" of Tripoli for three terms, and Gaza for one term, in the mid-14th-century during the reign of al-Nasir Muhammad. He ordered the construction of the large Taynal Mosque in Tripoli in 1336.
Early life.
According to historian as-Safadi, Taynal was a "mamluk" of al-Ashraf Khalil, while historian al-Maqrizi writes that Taynal's allegiance was to an-Nasir Muhammad. His full title includes both "nisbahs" "al-Ashrafi" and "an-Nasiri."
Governor of Tripoli and Gaza.
On 9 May 1326 Taynal replaced Qaratay as "Na'ib" ("governor") of Mamlakat Tarabulus (Tripoli Province) after being appointed by Tankiz, the Viceroy of Syria. Throughout his first term as governor, Taynal opposed some of Tankiz's policies, arousing the latter's anger. As punishment, Tankiz demoted Taynal, assigning him to the post of "Na'ib" of Gaza. Taynal replaced Tuluntari al-Jukandari by Muharram 733 (September/October 1332). Gaza was a less important province, the powers of its governor having been reduced in concurrence with Taynal's appointment.
In 1335 relations between Taynal and Tankiz had warmed, and Taynal was reassigned as Na'ib of Tripoli. It was during this term, in 1336, that Taynal had the famous mosque bearing his name constructed. "Waqf" ("religious endowment") documents in the mosque indicate that he maintained vast wealth. The 14th-century traveler Ibn Batutah wrote of the lavishness of the transportation convoys Taynal used in Tripoli. He resided in a mansion known as Dar al-Saadah (Abode of Felicity). Taynal had a house for himself built on the site of an "old Fatimid hospital," as noted by Ibn Batutah, near the al-Azhar Mosque in Cairo and also maintained a residence in Damascus, which later became a religious school known as "Madrasah Taynaliyya." 
When Tankiz was deposed in 1340, Taynal was stripped of his governorship, but retook in 1341. He served out his third term as governor until his death in Damascus in 1343. Although the Taynal Mosque in Tripoli was also intended to be a mausoleum for Taynal, he was buried in Damascus.

</doc>
<doc id="36781687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781687" title="2012 USA Pro Cycling Challenge">
2012 USA Pro Cycling Challenge

The 2012 USA Pro Cycling Challenge was the second edition of the USA Pro Cycling Challenge stage race. The race took place from August 20–26, and was rated as an 2.HC event on the UCI America Tour. The race began in Durango, wound its way through the Rocky Mountains at heights of up to , and finished in the streets of downtown Denver.
Americans swept the podium, with Christian Vande Velde winning the race, Tejay van Garderen finishing second, and Levi Leipheimer finishing third.
Participating teams.
Included in the participating team rosters were many of the top 2012 Tour de France riders; Vincenzo Nibali (3rd), Tejay van Garderen (5th), Cadel Evans (7th), Janez Brajkovic (9th), Andreas Klöden (11th), Chris Horner (13th), Levi Leipheimer (32nd), and Christian Vande Velde (60th). The USA Pro Cycling Challenge invited six UCI ProTeams, and UCI Professional Continental Teams; as well as five UCI Continental Teams.
Stage Results.
Stage 1.
August 20, 2012 — Durango, to Telluride, 
The opening road race for the pro challenge began in Durango.
Stage 2.
August 21, 2012 — Montrose to Crested Butte, 
Stage 3.
August 22, 2012 — Gunnison to Aspen, 
Stage 4.
August 23, 2012 — Aspen to Beaver Creek, 
Stage 5.
August 24, 2012 — Breckenridge to Colorado Springs, 
Stage 6.
August 25, 2012 — Golden to Boulder, 
Stage 7.
August 26, 2012 — Denver, 
The final stage was an individual time trial held through the streets of downtown Denver.

</doc>
<doc id="36781698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781698" title="2012 US Open – Men's Singles Qualifying">
2012 US Open – Men's Singles Qualifying

References.
Men's Qualifying Draw

</doc>
<doc id="36781709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781709" title="2012–13 Sun Hei SC season">
2012–13 Sun Hei SC season

The 2012–13 season is Sunray Cave JC Sun Hei's 12th season in the Hong Kong First Division League. They start as the defending champions having won the Senior Challenge Shield last season. As the champions of 2011–12 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield, they will compete in the 2013 AFC Cup. They will also be competing in the Hong Kong First Division League and the FA Cup.
Players.
First team.
Remarks:<br>
NP These players are registered as foreign players.<br>
Players with dual nationality:
Matches.
Competitive.
First Division League.
Remarks: <br>
1 The capacity of Aberdeen Sports Ground is originally 9,000, but the only the 4,000-seated main stand is opened for football match.<br>
2 Home match against Yokohama FC Hong Kong was originally scheduled to be played on 2 March 2013 but was postponed and rescheduled to be played on 23 March 2013.<br>
3 Away match against Kitchee was originally scheduled to be played on 31 March 2013 but was rescheduled to be played on 29 March 2013.
AFC Cup.
Group stage.
Remarks:<br>
1The match was abandoned after 65 minutes of play as Persibo Bojonegoro failed to reach the required limit of players on pitch. Sunray Cave JC Sun Hei were leading 8–0. The result was declared final by AFC. 

</doc>
<doc id="36781730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781730" title="Donald W. Duncan">
Donald W. Duncan

Master Sergeant Donald W. "Don" Duncan (born 1930) was a U.S. Army Special Forces soldier who served during the Vietnam War, helping to establish the guerrilla infiltration force Project DELTA there. Following his return to the United States, Duncan became outspoken in his opposition to the conflict and became one of a leading public figure in opposition to the war. Duncan is best remembered as the military editor of the radical monthly magazine, "Ramparts," during the Vietnam conflict and for his testimony to the 1967 Russell Tribunal detailing American war crimes in Vietnam.
Biography.
Early years.
Donald Walter Duncan, known to his friends as "Don," was born in Toronto in 1930, but was a US citizen.
Military career.
Duncan was drafted into the U.S. Army in December 1956, serving as a non-commissioned officer in Germany in the field of operations and intelligence.
Duncan transferred to U.S. Army Special Forces (the so-called "Green Berets") in the first part of 1961, where he continued to work in the field of operations and intelligence. During this interval Duncan received additional training in communications, weapons, and demolitions. Duncan served as an instructor at the United States Army Special Warfare School at Fort Bragg, North Carolina for a year and a half, teaching courses to Special Forces members on intelligence tactics and interrogation methods.
Duncan was deployed in Vietnam in March 1964, serving in a variety of capacities with the 5th Special Forces Group and Project DELTA, which he helped to organize. In addition to briefing and debriefing incoming and outgoing soldiers in the theater, Duncan directly participated in 8-member intelligence and "hunter-killer" teams.
As a result of his combat activity, Duncan was heavily decorated, receiving two Bronze Stars, the Air Medal, and the Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry with Silver Star. He was additionally recommended for the Silver Star and the Legion of Merit as well as a field promotion to captain. Duncan was also tapped to help write the official history of U.S. Special Forces in Vietnam, spending the last 6 or 8 weeks of his tour engaged in this task.
Disillusioned with the reality of the military situation, Duncan declined the offer of promotion and ended his military career, returning to America.
Journalistic career.
Back home in the United States, Duncan moved to Berkeley, California with his wife. There he became active the anti-war movement and became military editor of "Ramparts" magazine, one of the leading publications of the New Left in America.
In the February 1966 issue of "Ramparts," Duncan published a fierce critique of American participation in the Vietnam conflict, entitled "The Whole Thing was a Lie!" In this article Duncan explained his opposition to the war by providing details on the American connection to the corrupt government of South Vietnam as well as atrocities in the American conduct of the war effort, including training in the use of torture in interrogations and the use of Vietnamese proxies for the summary execution of prisoners.
In 1967 Random House published a book written by Duncan entitled "The New Legions" which was sharply critical of the American military campaign in Vietnam.
Duncan also presented testimony on what he believed to be American war crimes to the Russell Tribunal in Roskilde, Denmark in November 1967, where he was one of the first three former American soldiers to testify. There he detailed a de facto class in torture techniques conducted for members of the Special Forces entitled "Counter-Measures to Hostile Interrogation."
In 1971 Duncan delivered the closing statement to the Winter Soldier Investigation conducted by Vietnam Veterans Against the War.

</doc>
<doc id="36781740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781740" title="Ifrit (disambiguation)">
Ifrit (disambiguation)

Ifrit is supernatural creature in Arabic and Islamic cultures.
Ifrit may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36781741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781741" title="Ballinskelligs Abbey">
Ballinskelligs Abbey

Ballinskelligs Priory () was an Augustinian priory located in Ballinskelligs on the Iveragh Peninsula in Kerry, Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36781749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781749" title="Locust Hill, Virginia">
Locust Hill, Virginia

Locust Hill may refer to the following places in the U.S. state of Virginia:

</doc>
<doc id="36781768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781768" title="Heavy traffic approximation">
Heavy traffic approximation

In queueing theory, a discipline within the mathematical theory of probability, a heavy traffic approximation (sometimes heavy traffic limit theorem or diffusion approximation) is the matching of a queueing model with a diffusion process under some limiting conditions on the model's parameters. The first such result was published by John Kingman who showed that when the utilisation parameter of an M/M/1 queue is near 1 a scaled version of the queue length process can be accurately approximated by a reflected Brownian motion.
Heavy traffic condition.
Heavy traffic approximations are typically stated for the process "X"("t") describing the number of customers in the system at time "t". They are arrived at by considering the model under the limiting values of some model parameters and therefore for the result to be finite the model must be rescaled by a factor "n", denoted
and the limit of this process is considered as "n" → ∞.
There are three classes of regime under which such approximations are generally considered.
Results for a G/G/1 queue.
Theorem 1. Consider a sequence of G/G/1 queues indexed by formula_3. 
<br>
For queue formula_3 
<br> 
let formula_5 denote the random inter-arrival time, formula_6 denote the random service time;
let formula_7 denote the traffic intensity with formula_8 and formula_9; 
let formula_10 denote the waiting time in queue for a customer in steady state; 
Let formula_11
Suppose that formula_12, formula_13, and formula_14. then 
<br>
provided that: 
(a) formula_16 
(b) for some formula_17, formula_18 are both less than some constant formula_19 for all formula_3.
Heuristic argument.
Let formula_21 be the difference between the nth service time and the nth inter-arrival time;
Let formula_22 be the waiting time in queue of the nth customer;
Then by definition:
After recursive calculation, we have:
Let formula_25, with formula_26 are i.i.d; 
Define formula_27; 
Then we have 
we get formula_31 by taking limit over formula_32. 
Thus the waiting time in queue of the nth customer formula_22 is the supremum of a random walk with a negative drift. 
Random walk can be approximated by a Brownian motion when the jump sizes approach 0 and the times between the jump approach 0.
We have formula_34 and formula_35 has independent and stationary increments. When the traffic intensity formula_36 approaches 1 and k approach to formula_37, we have formula_38 after replaced k with continuous value t according to functional central limit theorem. Thus the waiting time in queue of the nth customer can be approximated by the supremum of a Brownian motion with a negative drift. 
Theorem 2. Let formula_39 be a Brownian motion with drift formula_40 and standard deviation formula_41 starting at the origin, and let formula_42
if formula_43
otherwise 
Conclusion.
Thus, the heavy traffic limit theorem (Theorem 1) is heuristically argued. Formal proofs usually follow a different approach which involve characteristic functions.
Example.
Consider an M/G/1 queue with arrival rate formula_47,the mean of the service time formula_48. What is average waiting time in queue in the steady state? 
The exact average waiting time in queue in steady state is give by:
The corresponding heavy traffic approximation: 
The relative error of the heavy traffic approximation: 
Thus when formula_52, we have : 

</doc>
<doc id="36781770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781770" title="Locust Hill, Middlesex County, Virginia">
Locust Hill, Middlesex County, Virginia

Locust Hill is an unincorporated community in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States. Locust Hill is located on Virginia State Route 33 east of Saluda. Locust Hill has a post office with ZIP code 23092, which opened on March 20, 1852.

</doc>
<doc id="36781785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781785" title="Bob Banham">
Bob Banham

John Robert "Bob" Banham (1912-1999) is a rugby league player who represented the New Zealand Kiwis and New South Wales City.
Playing career.
Banham played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the NSWRL Premiership, scoring five tries between 1936 and 1937. He represented New South Wales City in 1937.
In 1938 the Mount Albert Lions signed Banham as player-coach, with assistance from the Auckland Rugby League and New Zealand Rugby League. He was named for New Zealand in 1939 but did not play a test, due to the cancellation of the 1939 tour of Great Britain.
He returned to Australia in September 1940 with the intention of joining the Australian forces. In 1941 played several games for the South Sydney Rabbitohs and scored three tries.

</doc>
<doc id="36781800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781800" title="Lady Meredith House">
Lady Meredith House

Lady Meredith House is located at 1110 Pine Avenue West at the corner of Peel Street, in what is today known as the Golden Square Mile, Montreal, Quebec. It is currently owned by McGill University. The house was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada November 16, 1990.
History.
The land on which the house stands was originally part of the estate of Simon McTavish in the Golden Square Mile. In 1860, his heirs subdivided the land and sold it off in several large plots. The shipowner and financier, Andrew Allan, purchased one these plots just south of the fourteen acre plot purchased by his brother, Sir Hugh Allan, on which "Ravenscrag" was completed in 1863. Using the same architects as his brother, Andrew Allan built "Iononteh", a greystone mansion completed in 1865 that dominated Upper Peel Street, but which has since been demolished. In 1888, Andrew Allan gave a parcel of this land to his youngest daughter, Isabella Brenda Allan (1867–1959), on the occasion of her marriage to Sir Vincent Meredith, who would become the first Canadian-born President of the Bank of Montreal and in 1916 was created the 1st Baronet of Montreal. Meredith's brother, Charles, lived in the house immediately to the west of his home and their cousin, Frederick Meredith, lived only a few houses further down from them, also on Pine Avenue. 
After their marriage, the Merediths lived on Sherbrooke Street in the house next door to the Van Horne Mansion. In 1894, they commissioned the architects Edward & William Sutherland Maxwell to build them a house on the land gifted to them by Mrs Meredith's father on Pine Avenue at the corner of Upper Peel Street. Their home, that they named "Ardvarna", was completed in 1897. In 1941, Lady Meredith gave the house and its land to the Royal Victoria Hospital for use as a nurses residence. McGill University acquired the house in 1975, although it was shared with the hospital for several years afterward. In 1990, the "McGill Centre for Medicine, Ethics, and Law" moved into the residence. Following an attempted arson on January 7 1990, the house was thoroughly renovated by architects Gersovitz, Becker, and Moss.
Architecture.
The house is considered to be an example of Queen Anne revival-style architecture, with some features resembling Richardsonian Romanesque. The garden surrounding the house was designed by landscape architects Olmsted & Eliot. In 1914, a large addition was made to the west of the central tower, again completed by the Maxwell brothers. The property also included a coach house, to the south of the main house, but in the same style and colour. Originally, the grounds included three levels of terraces, rosebeds, perenniels, climbing vines and a kitchen garden, which have all now been replaced by a car park, as was the wrought iron gate in the style of Georgian Dublin. The two open-air verandas at the rear of the house, that gave uninterrupted views down over Montreal, the St. Lawrence River and onto the Green Mountains of Vermont, were filled in with windows sometime after 1941. In 1987, the house was described by Francois Remillard in his book "Mansions of the Golden Square Mile, Montreal 1850-1930":
"This is one of Edward Maxwell's most successful designs. It was constructed in 1894, and designed in Richardsonian Romanesque. However, even a cursory examination of its facade reveals a multitude of architectural influences making it an admirable example of Victorian eclecticism. With its towers, stepped windows and high chimneys Lady Meredith House befits the dramatic landscape of the slopes of Mount Royal. It is faced in brick, sandstone, granite and terra cotta, all red. The brickwork is excellent and in evidence on all four sides of the house. Such elaborate craftsmanship would be well-nigh impossible to replicate in our days."

</doc>
<doc id="36781822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781822" title="Chris Vlok">
Chris Vlok

Chris Vlok (born 17 September 1992) is a professional racing driver from New Zealand.
Career.
E30 BMW Series NZ.
He began racing in 2008 at the age of 15 after buying and selling second hand cars to make money, building his own E30 BMW into a race car - all while at high school. His first race was at the final round of the New Zealand E30 Series where he finished mid field. He raced in four of the six rounds in 2009, finishing fourth overall after recording four wins, two pole positions, nine podiums and seven fastest laps despite missing two of the rounds.
New Zealand Formula Ford.
Vlok moved to single-seater racing in 2010 in a Formula Ford, competing in the Christchurch and Timaru rounds of the New Zealand Formula Ford Championship where he finished mid pack.
Quebec Formula Tour 1600.
In 2011, Vlok signed to race in the Quebec Formula Tour 1600. Driving for team Brian Graham Racing, Vlok finished fourth overall and was awarded Rookie Of The Year. In a series involving over 30 cars, Vlok had one win, and five podiums. In a post season interview, Vlok said "I really enjoyed the Quebec Formula Tour, it has been very good racing. My highlights include my podium at the famous Trois Rivieres Grand Prix, as well as the intense qualifying session before my race win at ICAR where i was just 0.008 seconds off pole position!"
South Island Formula Ford.
At the end of 2011, Vlok returned to New Zealand for the third round of the South Island Formula Ford Series, taking three race wins from pole position.
Toyota Racing Series.
At the start of 2012, Vlok was signed to race in the Toyota Racing Series (TRS) by Victory Motorsport, with team mates Michela Cerruti, Dmitry Suranovich and Damon Lietch. Struggling with car set up, Vlok finished mid field at most events, his best race being the second to last at Manfeild where he finished tenth after fighting with Jordan King and Bruno Bonifacio.
Formula 3 Australian Drivers' Championship.
At the end of the 2012 Toyota Racing Series, Vlok competed for Team Astuti Motorsport in the opening round of Formula 3 Australian Drivers' Championship at Adelaide. Driving alongside Matt Sofi, in a Dallara F307 Sodemo-Renault, Vlok qualified ninth and finished seventh and sixth respectively, but was taken out of fourth place in the third race by a careless driver forcing him to retire from the race.
JK Racing Asia Series.
In June 2012 Vlok drove for EuroInternational in round three of the JK Racing Series (formerly known as Formula BMW Asia) at Circuit Paul Ricard, finishing tenth and ninth respectively. Vlok told media "this weekend was just a bit of fun for me really, the opportunity presented itself to come and drive here, it is a step backward for me in terms of speed but it was a great opportunity to come and race at such a legendary circuit. I didn't fit in the car very well unfortunately due to my height which made things pretty uncomfortable and hard to drive"
European F3 Open.
On 20 August 2012 Vlok replaced injured Luca Orlandi for Team West-Tec at round six of the 2012 European F3 Open at the Hungaroring, finishing 5th and 11th in class respectively.
British Formula 3.
Vlok drove for Team West-Tec in the national class in the 2013 British Formula Three championship in a 2012 Dallara-Toyota. Vlok completed his season with a string of good results including eight podiums and a win, his victory came in second the last race of the year at the Nurburgring.
Personal life.
Vlok is involved in driver training and has interests in yacht racing and flying, and various businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="36781827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781827" title="Materials Chemistry and Physics">
Materials Chemistry and Physics

Materials Chemistry and Physics (including "Materials Science Communications") is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published 18 times per year by Elsevier. The focus of the journal is interrelationships among structure, properties, processing and performance of materials. It covers conventional and advanced materials. Publishing formats are short communications, full-length papers and feature articles. The editors-in-chief are Sam Lap Ip Chan (University of New South Wales) and Kwang Lung Lin (National Cheng Kung University).
Abstracting and indexing.
This journal is abstracted and indexed by:

</doc>
<doc id="36781845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781845" title="Raike">
Raike

Raike is a village and Union council of Phalia Tehsil, Mandi Bahauddin District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is located at 32°25'60 N & 73°37'0 E with an altitude of 205 metres above from sea level and lies about 8km west of Phalia on the Gujrat-Phalia Road. The nearest police station is Phalia Police Station, which is in Phalia city. Population of village is round about 4000. Most of the population are farmers by profession in this village. Muhammad Tariq Tarar Member National Assembly of Pakistan & Parliamentary Secretary for Information and Broadcasting is also belong from Raike. 
Education.
There is a Government-run Primary and Middle schools for both boys and girls. Also there are private schools as well. The literacy rate is increasing sharply.

</doc>
<doc id="36781861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781861" title="Tumbler Ridge Secondary School">
Tumbler Ridge Secondary School

Tumbler Ridge Secondary School (or TRSS) is a public high school in Tumbler Ridge, British Columbia, Canada. TRSS is operated by School District 59 Peace River South and is the designated secondary school for the town's primary school. TRSS is a participant in the school district's International Student Study Program.

</doc>
<doc id="36781882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781882" title="Locust Hill, Wythe County, Virginia">
Locust Hill, Wythe County, Virginia

Locust Hill is an unincorporated community in Wythe County, Virginia, United States. Locust Hill is east of Wytheville.

</doc>
<doc id="36781894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781894" title="Faculty of Engineering, ÇOMÜ">
Faculty of Engineering, ÇOMÜ

Faculty of Engineering, Çanakkale Onsekiz Mart University, (ÇOMÜ) is a higher educational institution in Çanakkale province, Turkey.
History.
The Faculty was established in 1995 as the Faculty of Engineering and Architecture. It moved to the main campus in 2001 from the town centre.
In 2012, the faculty was divided by the Turkish Cabinet into two different faculties: Faculty of Engineering and Faculty of Architecture and Design.
The Faculty actively continues undergraduate and postgraduate education.
Laboratories.
Staff and graduate students can benefit from the laboratories for General Geology, Mineralogy and Petrography, Mineral Deposits, Engineering Geology, and Soil and Rock Mechanics, and a museum for natural stones and fossils. The university also has a central laboratories building.
Staff.
The faculty has an academic and administrative staff of over 80 members, 1,000 undergraduate students studying in departments and has graduated over 1,000 students since 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36781902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781902" title="Arcop">
Arcop

Arcop (Architects in co-partnership) is an architectural firm based in Montreal, renowned for designing major projects in Canada. The successor to the firm of Affleck, Desbarats, Dimakopoulos, Lebensold, Sise formed by partners Ray Affleck, Guy Desbarats, Dimitri Dimakopoulos, Fred Lebensold and Hazen Sise, the company adopted the name Arcop in 1970. At its peak in early 1966, it employed over 150 people.
Their first major commission was the Queen Elizabeth Theatre in Vancouver. Subsequent projects would include Salle Wilfred-Pelletier, Place Bonaventure, and Maison Alcan.
In 2011, Arcop and Montreal-based engineering consulting firm Genivar announced a strategic alliance.

</doc>
<doc id="36781922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781922" title="Geoduck aquaculture">
Geoduck aquaculture

Geoduck aquaculture or geoduck farming is the practice of cultivating geoducks (specifically the Pacific geoduck, "Panopea generosa") for human consumption. The geoduck is a large edible saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk, that is native to the Pacific Northwest. 
Juvenile geoducks are planted or seeded on the ocean floor or substrate within the soft intertidal and subtidal zones, then harvested five to seven years later when they have reached marketable size (about 1 kg or 2.2 lbs). They are native to the Pacific region and are found from Baja California, through the Pacific Northwest and Southern Alaska. 
Most geoducks are harvested from the wild, but because of state government-instituted limits on the amount that can be harvested, the need to grow geoducks in farms to meet an increasing demand has led to the growth of the geoduck aquaculture industry, particularly in Puget Sound, Washington. Geoduck meat is a prized delicacy in Asian cuisine; the majority of exports are sent to China (Shanghai, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Beijing, Hong Kong are the main Chinese markets) and Japan.
History.
1. Washington State<br>
Wild geoducks had been harvested in Puget Sound, Washington by residents and visitors for hundreds of years, but it was not until 1970 that the Washington Department of Natural Resources (WDNR) auctioned off the first right to commercially harvest wild geoducks. Research into the viability of farming geoducks began in the 1970s. In 1991, the development of hatchery and grow-out methods from brood stock were initiated. By 1996, commercial aquaculture had begun. As of 2011, there were 237 commercial sites operating on 145 ha of privately owned properties (including those leased from other private owners). Commercial geoduck aquaculture has been primarily undertaken within the intertidal zone.
2. British Columbia<br>
Commercial harvesting of wild geoducks began in 1976. In the early 1990s, the cultivation method developed in Washington was adopted in British Columbia by Fan Seafoods Ltd and the Underwater Harvesters Association (UHA), a group of 55 licence holders for geoduck and horse clam fishery. The UHA used this method to initiate a wild geoduck enhancement program by seeding depleted subtidal areas with cultivated juvenile geoducks thereby ensuring continued supply in the wild. It even invented a mechanical seeder that plants cultured juvenile geoducks on subtidal beds. Through a collaboration agreement between the provincial government's Department of Fisheries and Oceans (DFO), Fan Seafoods Ltd. and UHA, five pilot sites were selected in 1996 to study the feasibility of a geoduck aquaculture venture. In 2007, the provincial government of B.C. licensed UHA to operate the first commercial geoduck farm on 25.3 ha off Hernando Island. 
3. Other areas<br>
No geoduck aquaculture industry exists in Southern Alaska and Mexico. In New Zealand, Cawthron recently reported successful attempts at rearing juvenile geoducks. The plan is to plant them in subtidal areas in order to supplement wild geoduck harvest.
Geoduck species and their distribution.
"Panopea generosa" is the geoduck species that is found in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska. "Panopea globosa", which is another species in the same genus, "Panopea", is harvested in Mexico's Sea of Cortez (also known as the Gulf of California). 
A small wild geoduck fishery exists in New Zealand for "Panopea zelandica", the "deepwater clam", and in Argentina for "Panopea abbreviata", the "southern geoduck". A fifth species, "Panopea japonica", the Japanese geoduck, is found in Korea and Japan, but there is no viable commercial industry in those countries for this species.
Biomass densities in Southeast Alaska are estimated by divers then inflated by twenty percent to account for geoducks not visible at the time of survey. This estimate is used to predict the two percent allowed for commercial harvesting.
Predators and diseases.
Juvenile geoducks are susceptible to attack from predators in their first year when they have not yet burrowed deeply into the substrate. Crabs, sea stars, predatory gastropods, and flatfishes have been observed to feed on them. Adult geoducks, which are already buried deep in the substrate, are out of reach of most predators except for sea otters and humans. 
In 2012, no infectious diseases had been observed attacking cultured juvenile geoducks planted in the wild up to that point. Surface abnormalities were observed in wild adult geoducks, but the pathogen or pathogens could not be identified. However, a protozoan parasite ("Isonema" sp) was believed to be the causal agent of cultured geoduck larvae mortalities at a Washington State experimental hatchery.
Production methods.
The Washington Department of Fisheries (WDF) Point Whitney Laboratory pioneered research into the aquaculture of geoducks in 1970. The initial purpose of developing the techniques was to enhance the wild population that was being depleted by commercial fishing. Their first challenge was inducing spawning from wild adult geoducks brought into the hatchery; the second challenge was the survival of the resulting larvae. As per 2012, research into improving culture techniques is continuing, however the basic environmental conditions for growth of geoducks have already been established. 
Table 1. Summary of optimal biophysical parameters for geoduck culture (nursery and grow-out) 
The techniques for culturing geoducks is similar to that of other bivalves. Modifications have been made by both academic and private laboratories through the years.
Collection of broodstock.
Geoducks spawn from spring to late summer in the wild, peaking in June and July. Because of this timing, an equal number of male and female clams are collected starting in the early fall when gametogenesis commences. The clams are placed in milk crates and maintained in polyethylene fish totes supplied with flowing seawater (10-12°C) for several weeks. Microalgae is added as feed and regular cleaning is carried out to remove biodeposits.
Spawning method.
Spawning is initiated by changing the seawater and increasing the amount of microalgae to increase the temperature of the water. The higher temperature and abundant supply of microalgal feed induces spawning in males first, then in females.
Rearing of larvae.
Fertilized geoduck eggs remain floating in the water column for 16 to 35 days until they metamorphose and settle on the substrate. As larvae, they are kept at a water temperature of 16°C and supplied with microalgal feed with frequent water changes.
Growing-out method.
Larvae that are ready to metamorphose are collected and placed in a primary nursery system where water temperature is kept at 15-17°C and supplied with microalgal feed. Metamorphosed larvae are characterized by the development of an attachment mechanism known as byssal threads.
Once byssal threads have developed, the clams are moved to a secondary nursery system which contains sand as the substrate. They are kept here until they are large enough to be moved outdoors.
Tertiary nursery systems are made of large outdoor tanks or totes which have the same sand substrate and flowing seawater. The clams are kept in these systems until they reach a valve length of 5 mm, at which point they are ready to be planted.
Planting and seeding.
Four to five juvenile geoducks are planted inside PVC tubes that are "wiggled" into the sandy substrate along the intertidal zone during low tide. The PVC tubes are between 5 and 15 cm in diameter, with lengths from 20 to 30 cm, about 7 cm of which remain above the substrate. The plastic tubes are covered with a mesh net to protect the clams from predators. The tubes also serve to retain seawater at low tide, which prevents dehydration of the clams. After one to two growing seasons when the juvenile geoducks have burrowed themselves deep enough into the substrate to be out of reach of predators, the PVC tubes are removed. Not all tidelands are suitable for geoduck aquaculture. The sand must be deep and clean, and the water must have the right salinity and degree of cleanliness. 
It should be noted that in Washington State, the aquaculture of geoducks occurs on intertidal lands, whereas in British Columbia, geoducks are cultured in subtidal areas, which necessitates the growing of juvenile geoducks to at least 12 mm instead of 5 mm before planting. Once planted in the subtidal bed, the area is covered with netting to protect the clams from predators (PVC tubes are not stable in subtidal beds due to strong currents).
Harvesting.
Mature geoducks are left to grow out until they are large enough to be marketable (1.0 kg). This can take from five to seven years. Wild and cultured geoducks are harvested by first loosening the substrate around them using a powerful nozzle that ejects high-pressured water. Once loosened, the clams are collected by hand and placed in crates for transport to a processing facility.
Grading and packing.
Although there is no standard grading system for quality, the color of the siphon (the whiter the better) and the size (up to 1 kg) are the main determiners of price. Live geoducks are packed in coolers and shipped on the same day they are harvested.
Economic importance.
The geoduck industry produces an estimated 6000 metric tons of clams annually, of which only about 10-13% come from aquaculture. Washington is the largest producer of wild and cultured geoducks. 
Table 2. Average Annual Production 2007-2010 
Table 3. Difference between wild and cultured geoduck 
Major markets.
China (Mainland and Hong Kong) is where 95% of geoducks exports are sent.
Management of the industry.
British Columbia.
Environmental groups and citizens of British Columbia have voiced their concerns about geoduck aquaculture operations in the Province, even though the industry is still in its preliminary stages. Their main issue has been the lack of peer-reviewed studies on the impact geoduck aquaculture practices will have on the environment. Most concerned groups point to the situation in Puget Sound, Washington as an example of the environmental harm posed by geoduck farms. Other concerns being raised include the destruction of the natural aquatic habitat, washed up waste (such as nets), disease outbreaks, competition with wild species, and "purge fishing" or the removable of all wild geoducks in a specific area prior to the planting of cultured geoducks. This procedure is apparently necessary because of the economics of the industry.
The management of Canada's aquaculture sector is headed by the Department of Fisheries and Oceans. The department shares this responsibility with 17 other departments and agencies at the federal and provincial levels. 
Aquaculture in Canada is regulated by three main acts: the Fisheries Act, Navigable Waters Protection Act, and Canadian Environmental Assessment Act. Other acts that control aquaculture practices include the Land Act, Health of Animals Act, Food and Drugs Act, Pest Control Products Act, and Species at Risk Act. All of these acts specify regulations at the local, state and federal levels, resulting in a total of 73 rules and regulations for the aquaculture industry; these rules and regulations have been described as being conflicting and contradictory. The rules and regulations have resulted in the aquaculture industry being described as "one of the most heavily regulated in the world". A recent survey showed that Canadians support the creation of an Aquaculture Act that specifically addresses the needs of the industry. The DFO collects fees from aquaculture licences and leases, and receives government funding for its research programs. The UHA also funds research on geoduck aquaculture. 
To address consumer concerns regarding unsafe aquaculture practices, the DFO launched the Aquaculture Sustainability Reporting Initiative in 2011. This report backs the Federal Sustainable Development Strategy implemented in 2010, and aims to provide its citizens with information on the sustainable aquaculture practices that government agencies and the aquaculture industry are undertaking or plan to undertake. There are currently 29 participants in this initiative, coming from different sectors such as academia, the aquaculture industry, government agencies, and environmental organizations. 
The Canadian government and the aquaculture industry demonstrate sustainable practices by several means such as federal (Canadian General Standards Board) and third-party certifications (International Organization for Standardization for traceability of produce). The Aquaculture Sustainability Reporting Initiative is patterned after the Global Reporting Initiative, which emphasizes reporting transparency and the accountability of an organization's sustainability performance. 
The DFO also recently released Aquaculture in Canada 2012: A Report on Aquaculture Sustainability in which it outlines its performance in terms of sustainability. The aquaculture industry has also taken steps to develop a Codes of Practice for sustainable operations that are in line with or exceed international standards. In the case of geoduck, the UHA has adopted a labeling system ("Market Approved") to ensure that the geoducks that end up in the market are safe to eat, of approved quality, and not illegally harvested.
The DFO plans to undertake geoduck aquaculture in subtidal areas. No geoduck production currently occurs on private tidelands, although conversion of other shellfish aquaculture ventures operating on tidelands to geoduck is also being considered. There is no large-scale commercial production underway yet; ongoing trial farms are currently being studied and assessed. Although tenures to possible geoduck farm sites have been granted, commercial licences have not been issued, except for the one granted to the UHA.
Marketing and promotion
When promoting its products, the Canadian aquaculture industry touts the environmentally sound practices it observes in producing high-quality fish and shellfish. The Canadian Aquaculture Industry Alliance recently received backing from the DFO with a $1 M investment to promote awareness of the industry and increase sales. The Aquaculture Innovation and Market Access Program (AIMAP) of the DFO aims to encourage technological innovation in the industry to improve its "global competitiveness and environmental performance". However, in the case of geoduck there is no formal marketing and promotion underway. Since its main market is China, this industry has relied on connections between Vancouver-based export businesses with close ties (especially familial ties) to Hong Kong and mainland China importers. The UHA however has been promoting geoducks in China with support from the federal government.
Washington State.
Concerns have also been raised regarding the impact of geoduck aquaculture on the natural habitat, particularly in Puget Sound. Currently, geoduck aquaculture in Puget Sound occupies 80 ha of private tidelands which are either owned by aquaculture companies or leased from other landowners. (another report put the area at 141 ha) Because geoduck aquaculture occurs on private lands, there is minimal government oversight, and environmental concerns raised by the residents are most often left to the aquaculture companies to address, and in some cases for the courts to arbitrate. The aquaculture companies do create their own environmental codes of conduct and best management practices to address such concerns.
The state government is considering leasing public aquatic lands (state-owned) specifically for geoduck aquaculture. It currently leases 849 ha for aquaculture of other shellfish, such as oysters, other kinds of clams, and mussels. Fees are collected from aquaculture companies, and the resulting revenue is used to manage and protect public aquatic lands throughout the State. Since its statehood in 1889, Washington had been selling tidelands to private individuals, initially as a source of revenue for the state. By 1971, when this practice was stopped, the State had already sold about 60% of public tidelands to private ownership. The state currently owns 1 million ha of aquatic lands.
Several state aquatic land statutes enacted under the Shoreline Management Act of 1971 gave authority to the DNR to "foster the commercial and recreational use of the aquatic environment for production of food, fibre, income, and public enjoyment from state-owned aquatic lands under its jurisdiction and from associated waters, and to this end the department may develop and improve production and harvesting of seaweeds and sealife attached to or growing on aquatic land or contained in aquaculture containers..." 
Aquaculture is given priority in Washington: "The legislature finds that many areas of the state of Washington are scientifically and biologically suitable for aquaculture development, and therefore the legislature encourages promotion of aquacultural activities, programs, and development with the same status as other agricultural activities, programs, and development within the state". At the national level in the USA, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) is the lead agency for aquaculture. In February 2011, this agency released a draft of the National Policy for Sustainable Marine Aquaculture in the United States of America that aims to protect but, at the same time, utilize the nation's aquatic resources in a sustainable manner as well as encourage the growth of a sustainable aquaculture industry. 
Commercial aquaculture in Washington is regulated by local, state, and federal government entities, each tasked with different responsibilities. Some of the agencies involved are the Environmental Protection Agency, Department of Fisheries and Wildlife, US Army Corps of Engineers, and the Food and Drug Administration. The decisions of these agencies are governed by several federal acts, such as the Clean Water Act, Lacey Act, Federal Water Pollution Control Act, and Animal Health Protection Act. 
Because of the concerns raised by residents and environmental groups regarding the ecological impact of geoduck aquaculture on private tidelands, the WDNR has adopted a more cautious approach on leasing state-owned aquatic lands for geoduck aquaculture. In 2003, the State legislature instructed the WDNR to explore the feasibility of a geoduck aquaculture program on state-owned tidelands. In 2007, the state passed House Bill 2220 on Shellfish Aquaculture which, among other things, commissions the Washington Sea Grant (WSG) of the University of Washington to conduct "a series of scientific research studies that examines the possible effects, including the cumulative effects, of the current prevalent geoduck aquaculture techniques and practices on the natural environment in and around Puget Sound, including the Strait of Juan de Fuca". The research is expected to end on December 1, 2013. The bill further stipulates that not more than 15 ha of state-owned aquatic land be leased for commercial geoduck aquaculture every year until 2014. It also created the Shellfish Aquaculture Regulatory Committee, which is composed of government agencies, aquaculture producers (2), concerned environmental organizations (2), and landowners (2). The role of the committee is to recommend guidelines and policies for shellfish aquaculture operations. In 2010, the WDNR tok a further step further by opening a dialogue with stakeholders and the public. They created an online forum on geoduck aquaculture to elicit concerns from residents, environmental groups and geoduck farm owners.
Marketing and promotion
Half of the geoducks produced in Washington is exported to Vancouver, BC. before being re-exported to the final markets in China and Hong Kong. The remaining half are exported through Seattle, WA and Anchorage, AK. These three cities have the best air connections to China and Hong Kong. Even though China is Washington's biggest market for geoduck, there is little promotion from the state's geoduck producers there.
Washington Sea Grant studies.
In order to address priorities set by the Washington State legislature, the WSG is conducting research on three key areas: 
1. Geochemical and Ecological Consequences of Disturbances Associated with Geoduck Aquaculture Operations in Washington.
2. Cultured-Wild Interactions: Disease Prevalence in Wild Geoduck Populations.
3. Resilience of Soft-Sediment Communities after Geoduck Harvest in Samish Bay, Washington State.
The WSG released its most recent progress report in February 2012 on the possible effects of geoduck aquaculture on the environment. The preliminary results of some of the studies appear to show that geoduck aquaculture does not negatively affect the natural habitat. One of the studies have been completed, and results showed that the seemingly disruptive nature of harvesting geoducks has no effect on the infaunal benthic community. The report suggested that because the infauna are already accustomed to natural disturbances such as wave action and extreme weather conditions, harvesting does not affect them any differently. This report, however, has garnered criticisms which point out that the studies are not long-term, so the effect of geoduck aquaculture practices 
over many years still cannot be ascertained.

</doc>
<doc id="36781979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781979" title="Kalyan Silks">
Kalyan Silks

Kalyan Silks is the largest textile retailing chain in India. It is headquartered in City of Thrissur, Kerala. It is headed by T.S. Pattabhiraman Chairman and Managing Director. 
Activities.
Kalyan Silks started its first showroom in 1909 in Thrissur. Later on it expanded to South India and now has eight showrooms. It also owns India’s largest wholesale textile showroom situated at Thrissur. According to media reports, the advertising and marketing budget of Kalyan Silks is around Rs 25 crore and is handled by DDB Mudra Max.The company has 3,000 employees and turnover of about Rs 600 crore per annum. Prithviraj Sukumaran, is the brand ambassador of Kalyan Silks.

</doc>
<doc id="36781983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781983" title="Dhu al-Himma Shalish">
Dhu al-Himma Shalish

Dhu al-Himma Shalish () is the first cousin of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and head of presidential security. He is part Bashar al-Assad's inner circle.
Background.
Dhu al-Himma Shalish was born sometime around 1950 in the town of Qardaha in Latakia to an Alawi family. His mother was the sister of Hafez al-Assad. The Shalishs through Dhu al-Himma maintain a significant level of influence in the Syrian government and economy and are comparatively as influential as the Makhloufs who are the family of Hafez al-Assad’s wife.
Shalish owns SES International, which is active in the construction and automobile import sectors. He is also the brother of Riyad Shalish, who is the director of the government construction firm the Military Housing Establishment, which during the 1990s he managed to transform into his own company. He subsequently made a fortune on construction and contracting deals in Syria involving large scale projects financed by other Arab states. It is also reported that the Shalishs have engaged in a number of illicit activities including smuggling and money laundering.
Iraqi activity.
In June 2005, Dhu al-Himma and his nephew, Asef Isa Shalish, and their company, SES International Corporation, were sanctioned by the United States government for procuring defense-related goods for Saddam Hussein in violation of former sanctions against Iraq. According to the United States Treasury Department, SES helped the former Iraqi government access weapons systems by issuing false end-user certificates to foreign suppliers that listed Syria as the final country of destination. SES International then transshipped the goods to Iraq.
Prior to the war in Iraq, the Syrian government awarded Shalish's SES International exclusive rights on contracts to supply the Iraqi market with goods from construction materials to detergent. SES then sold the contracts to Syrian and foreign companies for a substantial profit. Dhu al-Himma Shalish is also reported to have received a significant amount of the $580 million USD in Iraqi assets that the Syrian government illegally paid out to Syrian claimants in 2003.
Dhu al-Himma Shalish and Assef Shawkat, Bashar al-Assad’s brother in law, prior to the Iraqi war also possibly helped the Iraqi government transport its weapons of mass destruction out of the country and into Syria for storage. The Syrian defector Nizar Nayuf reported that Iraq’s weapons of mass destruction were moved with the help of the Russians and Syrians to underground tunnels inside Syria.
Syrian civil war.
Dhu al-Himma Shalish has played an important role in containing the unrest during the Syrian civil war. On 24 June 2011, the European Union sanctioned him along with a number of other Syrian government officials for their role in the violent repression of protesters during the early stages of the civil war. His influence within the president's inner circle was believed to have increased since the beginning of the uprising. It was reported that he was now a key financier and organiser of the pro-Assad militia groups known as the shabiha. Before the Syrian civil war, Shalish and his immediate family were poorly regarded by the Assads but they were reportedly elevated into the inner circle because they were willing to do the dirty work and because there were only so many family members.

</doc>
<doc id="36781988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781988" title="Sanfilippo">
Sanfilippo

Sanfilippo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36781991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781991" title="Bijan Abdolkarimi">
Bijan Abdolkarimi

Bijan Abdolkarimi (born 1963 in Tehran) (Persian: بیژن عبدالکریمی ) is an Iranian philosopher, thinker, translator and editor. He is associate professor of philosophy at Islamic Azad University (North-Tehran branch). His main interests are Heidegger's philosophy, postmodernism, political philosophy and existentialism. He claims to challenge the dominant ideological discourse in Iran. 
He has participated in debates at Iranian universities and also in IRIB TV4 in which he has opposed the notion of Islamic humanities. 
Views.
The main characteristics of Abdolkarimi's thought may be summarized as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36781994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781994" title="International Journal of Rock Mechanics and Mining Sciences">
International Journal of Rock Mechanics and Mining Sciences

The International Journal of Rock Mechanics and Mining Sciences is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier. The editor-in-chief is Robert Zimmerman. The focus of this journal is original research, site measurements, and case studies in rock mechanics and rock engineering pertaining to mining and civil engineering.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:

</doc>
<doc id="36781995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36781995" title="Locust Hill, Prince William County, Virginia">
Locust Hill, Prince William County, Virginia

Locust Hill is an unincorporated community in Prince William County, Virginia, United States. Locust Hill is south of Manassas.

</doc>
<doc id="36782037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782037" title="Lanette Phillips">
Lanette Phillips

Lanette Phillips is an American film and music video producer. Phillips’ feature credits include the 2006 indie drama "Love is the Drug", and the 2012 documentary, "Buffalo Girls". Both films were official selections of the Slamdance Film Festival. Phillips is married to composer-producer-musician Scott Hackwith.
Biography.
During her career in music, Phillips has worked with many notable acts, including Michael Jackson, Eminem, and U2. In 2008, Phillips was invited to Iceland by Sigurjón Sighvatsson and Anna Hildur of the Icelandic Music Export to speak on a panel at the IMX – You are in Control conference during the Iceland Airwaves music festival.
Phillips and Hackwith were asked to host an Icelandic music event in Los Angeles to introduce Icelandic artists to the film, T.V. commercial, and music industry. The first event was held in their home in 2009 and co-hosted with Jónsi of Sigur Rós. Performers included Haukur Heiðar Hauksson, from Dikta, and Lay Low. In 2010, Emiliana Torrini performed. Ólöf Arnalds appeared in 2011 and again in 2012, with Sigtryggur Baldursson from the Sugarcubes serving as co-host.
A Southern California native, Phillips started as a music journalist before moving into music video production. She worked closely with Propaganda Films co-founder Sigurjón Sighvatsson at Palomar Pictures, starting and executive producing the company’s music video division, creating videos for Black Eyed Peas, Moby, and Faith Hill, among others. While at Palomar, Phillips oversaw the careers of many directors, including Marcos Siega and Joseph Kahn.
Other artists Phillips has worked with include Ingrid Michaelson, Beyonce, and Muse (band).
Phillips also worked as executive producer at Neal Moritz’s Original Film and at A Band Apart, where she and Lawrence Bender launched a directors’ management division, representing feature directors Quentin Tarantino, Darren Aronofsky, John Landis, and Todd Solondz for music videos. 
More recently, Phillips ran Lanette Phillips Management for music related films. Among the directors she represented were Errol Morris, Jesse Dylan, and Dougal Wilson. 
She also served as supervising producer and curator on Stand Up On Demand for Comcast and the Stand Up To Cancer organization. In 2011, Phillips produced the short, “Sabina,” for the Clinton Foundation. It premiered at the Hollywood Bowl at Bill Clinton's 65th birthday and Decade of Difference Concert. Phillips also produced the Elizabeth Smart/Alicia Kozakiewicz public service announcement for “Not One More Child,” that first aired on Good Morning America when Smart was interviewed by George Stephanopoulos.
Filmography.
"Love is the Drug" (2006)
"Buffalo Girls" (2012)

</doc>
<doc id="36782043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782043" title="Billy Taylor with Four Flutes">
Billy Taylor with Four Flutes

Billy Taylor with Four Flutes is an album by American jazz pianist Billy Taylor featuring tracks recorded in 1959 for the Riverside label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with reviewer Scott Yanow calling it "essentially bop, but the unusual instrumentation gives the set its own personality. Enjoyable music that certainly stands out from the crowd". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Billy Taylor except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36782059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782059" title="Stephen Gageler">
Stephen Gageler

Stephen Gageler (born 5 July 1958) is a Justice of the High Court of Australia. He was previously a barrister based in Sydney, New South Wales and the Solicitor-General of Australia, the Commonwealth's second-ranking law officer.
Early life and education.
Gageler was born and raised in Sandy Hollow, New South Wales, where his father, John, and grandfather, Clive, were sawmillers operating his grandfather's company.
Gageler was influenced to become a lawyer by meeting Bryan Beaumont, at the time the owner of a property near Gageler's boyhood home, who later became a judge of the Federal Court of Australia.
Gageler's primary school education was at a one-teacher school, Giant's Creek Primary, about 3 km from Sandy Hollow. His secondary education was at Muswellbrook High School. He graduated from the Australian National University with a Bachelor of Economics in 1980 and a Bachelor of Laws with First Class Honours in 1982. He resided at Bruce Hall, the university's oldest residential college. He became an associate for High Court Justice Sir Anthony Mason. He then studied at Harvard Law School, graduating with a Master of Laws in 1987.
Legal career.
Upon return from Harvard Law School, Gageler was called to the bar in Sydney where, for 20 years, he worked as a barrister specialising in constitutional, administrative, revenue and commercial law. He was made a Senior Counsel in 2000. Gageler represented, among others, Betfair, the Humane Society, the ACT Government, and John Howard (the Prime Minister of Australia). Gageler was assistant counsel for the Commercial Radio Enquiry in 1999.
Solicitor-General.
Gageler was appointed as the Solicitor-General of Australia in 2008, based in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory. This position is the second law officer of the Commonwealth, advising the Government and appearing as counsel in significant cases.
Gageler defended the Commonwealth unsuccessfully in the Malaysian solution and successfully in the tobacco plain packaging cases in 2012.
High Court of Australia.
Gageler's appointment as a Justice of the High Court of Australia was announced on 21 August 2012 by the Attorney-General of Australia, Nicola Roxon, for whom Gageler had worked as Solicitor-General of Australia since 2008. Roxon announced that Gageler would replace Justice William Gummow on his retirement in October 2012.
Appointment to the High Court is made by the Governor-General of Australia, acting upon the advice of the Prime Minister, who will have been advised by the Attorney-General.
In the history of the High Court.
Gageler was already part of the history of the High Court. His likeness appears in a painting from 2003 that was commissioned to mark the Centenary of the High Court of Australia. The painting depicts the High Court sitting on Tuesday 29 April 2003 to hear the case "Purvis v State of New South Wales (Department of Education and Training) and Another" HCA 62. The artist Robert Hannaford painted the Full Bench (seven member) hearing. Gageler was arguing the case for the appellant and is shown standing at the lectern addressing the court.
Family life.
Gageler met his wife, Carla, while at the ANU. They have a daughter and two sons. The family attends a Roman Catholic church, through the influence of Carla, although Gageler considers himself an Anglican.
Gageler has a black belt in taekwondo, a sport that he took up in his early 40s after seeing his sons training. He took three years to attain the black belt. He trains several times a week.

</doc>
<doc id="36782112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782112" title="New Zealand Registered Architects Board">
New Zealand Registered Architects Board

The New Zealand Registered Architects Board (NZRAB), is the authority in New Zealand that assesses, registers, monitors and disciplines architects in New Zealand. It gains its authority from the Registered Architects Act 2005, and replaced the Architects Education and Registration Board which had similar responsibilities under the now repealed Architects Act 1963, but less powers of assessment and discipline.
Members.
Members are recommended by the appropriate Cabinet Minister, and appointed to the board by the Governor-General. There are 6 to 8 members of the board, and up to four members of the board may be nominated to the Minister by the New Zealand Institute of Architects (NZIA).
Functions.
The Board has the following functions under the Act:
The title Architect.
Under the Registered Architects Act 2005 section 7, the title "Registered Architect" is restricted to Architects registered by the NZRAB only. The title "Architect" can only be used in New Zealand by a Registered Architect in the context of offering or providing building design services. The title "Architect" can be used by others where building design is not involved, e.g. landscape architect, marine architect, software architect etc. An Architect registered in another jurisdiction can use the title in NZ, so long as its origin is made clear, e.g. Bill Smith, Registered Architect (UK).
The identity of Architects in New Zealand can be confirmed by a search of the online New Zealand Architects Register at www.nzrab.org.nz. There are approximately 1670 New Zealand Registered Architects.
Building design work is not restricted in New Zealand to Architects. Any person can design a building in New Zealand, although the "Restricted Work" requirement in the Building Act means that only an Architect or a Licensed Building Practitioner - Design can design and get a building consent for a stand-alone home or a small residential apartment.

</doc>
<doc id="36782160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782160" title="Kirara, Ano Ang Kulay ng Pag-ibig?">
Kirara, Ano Ang Kulay ng Pag-ibig?

Kirara, Ano Ang Kulay ng Pag-ibig? "(Kirara, What Is The Colour of Love?)" is a Filipino drama series created and produced by TAPE, Inc. (Television And Production Exponents, Inc.) for GMA Network. The series premiered August 16, 1999 and concluded November 2, 2001. It starred Erika Ann Luna and Patricia Javier in the title role, with Joonee Gamboa, Amy Austria, Sandy Andolong, Tirzo Cruz III, Daniel Fernando and Raymond Bagatsing and directed by Gina Alajar, Jose Roell Icamen and Jeffrey Jeturian.
The series aired from Monday to Friday as pre-programming of another TAPE-produced show, "Eat Bulaga!", and is considered as the very first drama series in the morning slot.
The series also won Best Daytime Drama Series in 2000 and 2001 PMPC Star Awards for TV.
Premise.
The show follows the life and love of Kirara, an Amerasian girl who was separated from her birth mother when Mount Pinatubo erupted. She was raised in an Aeta community by a couple who rescued her from the tragedy. Although she is proud of her colour and race, Kirara is always being teased and humiliated by other people who failed to see beyond skin deep. But with her pure heart and positive outlook in life, she managed to make her dream a reality.

</doc>
<doc id="36782197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782197" title="Ballpoint pen knife">
Ballpoint pen knife

A ballpoint pen knife is a multi-tool pocket knife consisting of a blade concealed inside an ordinary ballpoint pen. The blade, typically in length, is usually hidden. They first appeared as custom-made pens from various custom knife makers before being mass-produced by production companies.
Uses.
Pen knives such as these are designed for self-defense due to their ease of concealment. Their small size renders them impractical as weapons in elaborate combat, but their slim profile allows them to cause great harm in close-range combat with an element of surprise. 
A knife of this type can also be used as a standard letter or package opener. Pens crafted with survival type blades can also be used for peeling fruit and vegetables, cutting meat, and carving or shaping wood. They come in many versions, including variants with special purpose razors for shaving.
Kinds of blades.
All ballpoint pen knives come with straight blades, which are easier to conceal than curved blades. These blades are fixed to the topmost part of the pen, hidden inside a hollow cap, serving as both the pen's end and the knife's sheath. Common blades may be the single-edged thrusting type or the double-edged stiletto type. Blades can be razor-sharp or deeply serrated for use in a range of situations. Swiss Army Spectrum Series released their S.A.S.S. Ballpoints, which look and function like regular ballpoint pens. They come with an array of foldaway blades and tools including knife, scissors, file, opener, screwdriver and battery-powered light.
Legality.
Ballpoint pen knives are not available for sale in California. Shipment to Canada is also prohibited.

</doc>
<doc id="36782243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782243" title="James King of William">
James King of William

James King of William (1822–1856) was a crusading San Francisco, California, newspaper editor whose shooting death in 1856 resulted in the establishment of the second San Francisco Vigilance Committee and changed the politics of the city. King was among the first newspapermen to be honored by the California Journalism Hall of Fame.
Family and education.
James King was born January 28, 1822, in the Georgetown district of Washington, D.C., the seventh and youngest son of William King, a native of Ireland. When he was age sixteen, he began to style himself "James King of William," to distinguish himself from other James Kings in the area.
It was said that "He was an eager student, acquired a fair knowledge of Latin and English literature, and learned to speak French, Spanish and some German."
He was married in 1843 to Charlotte M. Libbey of Georgetown, and they had six children. In 1848 he departed for the Pacific Coast "to improve his prospects and establish a new home for his family," whom he left behind until 1851, when they joined him in California.
Career.
East Coast.
King left home at the age of fifteen and worked first as a clerk in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, then in St. Joseph, Missouri, from whence illness forced him to return to Georgetown in 1838, where he was a post office clerk. Soon he became a political journalist on "Kendall's Expositor," a Democratic-leaning newspaper issued in Georgetown, and on the "Washington Daily Globe," where he was also advertising manager. He was later a bookkeeper for the mercantile or financial firm of Corcoran & Riggs, until 1848.
California.
Placer mining.
Influenced by the letters of a brother, whose name was variously reported as Thomas, who assertedly wrote from Oregon, or as an elder brother, Henry, who wrote from California, King on May 24, 1848, sailed for Cartagena, Colombia, and made his way to the Pacific Ocean at the isthmus of Panama, where he was disappointed to find there was no ship on the west coast to take him north. He journeyed to Callao, Peru, and then Valparaiso, Chile, where, having heard about the gold strike in California, he purchased a stock of goods and hired nine men to sail with him to California aboard the bark "Undine." After arrival on November 10, most of the men deserted him, but with the others he gathered enough gold near Hangtown (now Placerville), to make a "considerable financial success" of the placer mining venture. Soon he began trading gold coins or offering bills of trade for the miner's gold dust.
Banking.
Leaving the California gold country, King joined the mercantile house of Hensley, Reading & Company in Sacramento for a short time, but in July 1849 he went back to Washington and arranged for a loan from the financial firm of Corcoran & Riggs; he returned on December 5, 1849, and opened his own bank on Montgomery Street. It was in this year that he first began issuing private gold ingots.
At first the bank was successful, with King being regarded as one of the wealthiest men on the West Coast, but his agent in Sonoma County "used large sums of money intended for purchasing gold to invest in the stock of the bankruptcy-bound Tuolumne Hydraulic Association." The financial loss left King penniless by early 1850, and while paying off his debts he worked for Adams & Company.
He next became a partner with bankers Samuel J. Hensley and Robert D. Merrill in April 1850 and was their agent for two months. He went back to Washington briefly, then returned to San Francisco in January 1851 on the steamer Tennessee, along with Augustus Humbert, who had been appointed to be U.S. assayer in San Francisco. In that year King established another company, and it was there that his firm struck $20 gold ingots.
It was in March 1851, coin historian Donald H. Kagin wrote, "that the most notorious chapter in private gold coinage occurred" when King sent $180 in face value of coins minted by a number of entrepreneurs to Humbert, who reported after assaying them that the samples were worth 1.8 percent to 3 percent under market value. King sent these results and related correspondence to every major newspaper, and the resulting public outcry impelled the California Legislature to effectively end the use of private coins in an act dated April 15, 1851. Kagin said that King therefore "may have started" the California economic recession of 1850–51, "whose effects he certainly accentuated."
King and a partner, Jacob B. Snyder, together operated a new bank, but in a spring 1854 economic depression, they suffered financial losses and, in the end, King ended up taking over as managing clerk for the firm of Adams & Company of California headed by I. C. Woods as well as other enterprises." He also found time to be a member of the 1851 Committee of Vigilance, which "helped rid the city of some of its more corrupt citizens," and in November 1853 he had been foreman of a grand jury that indicted City Treasurer Hamilton Bowie.
Journalism.
On October 8, 1855, the first edition of the "Daily Evening Bulletin" appeared, with King as the editor and C.O. Gelberding as the publisher. At first it was a simple four-page publication, 10x15 inches in size, but it soon increased in size and influence, "with a large circulation, plenty of advertisements and a power and popularity excelled by no other journal.". King "used his paper to crusade fanatically against immorality and corruption" and "his reputation of unimpeachable integrity" as well as his "blistering" and "frequently scurrilous" editorials "to turn on unscrupulous characters." He often denounced U.S. Senator and private coiner David C. Broderick, who, it was said, was the virtual dictator of San Francisco.
Medical historian John Long Wilson wrote that King "dared to expose scoundrels in both public and private domains; and by relentlessly pursuing a campaign against them, he changed the course of history in the beleaguered city." The California historian Rockwell Hunt said that KIng and James P. Casey, the editor of "The Sunday Times" and a member of the county Board of Supervisors, carried on a feud in their newspapers, resulting in "much personal enmity." On May 4, 1856, King's "Bulletin" reproduced articles from New York newspapers showing that Casey had served a term in New York State's Sing Sing prison for grand larceny.
Death.
Shooting.
At about 5 p.m. on May 4, 1856, Casey accosted King in the middle of Montgomery Street at Washington Street, asking "Are you armed?" and then, aiming a "large Navy revolver" at the editor, he demanded that King "Draw and defend yourself." At the same time Casey fired one shot, the bullet striking King in the left chest near the armpit.
Treatment.
The badly wounded King was taken into a Pacific Express office on the corner, where "tens of physicians manually explored the wound and in a cacaphony of divided opinion" decided to have a sponge inserted into the wound to stem bleeding. The procedure was opposed by King's good friend, the physician Richard Beverly Cole, but Hugh Hughes Toland, the state's best-known surgeon, favored the procedure, which was adopted.
Another eminent physician, John Strother Griffin, came from Los Angeles to add his opinion. After examining King on May 18, Griffin advised against the removal, fearing hemorrhage from a severed subclavian artery. Stanford University medical historian John Long Wilson opined that: "Assuming that it was not already too late to make a difference, we must conclude that it was Griffin's opinion that sealed the fate of James King of William."
King died on May 20 at the age of thirty-four, and a coroner's jury returned a verdict of "no medical malpractice," stating that King would have died of the wound regardless of the sponge.
Legacy.
Second Vigilance Committee.
It was said that James King of William "was the man who practically alone started the work of honest residents to the struggle of cleaning out the criminal element in power" in San Francisco at that time. After he was shot, "over ten thousand people crowded around the Montgomery Block to hear the latest on his condition. The crowd later retired to the Plaza, and soon a buzz went through the crowd that a Committee of Vigilance was forming." The vigilantes, who soon amounted to thousands of men, gave Casey a hearing, the man was pronounced guilty, and he was hanged on May 22, 1856, the day of King's funeral. Political power in San Francisco was thus transferred to a new political party established by the vigilantes, the People's Party, which ruled until 1867.
Funeral tribute.
After a church funeral service on May 22, a throng of mourners formed on Stockton Street to accompany King's remains to the Lone Mountain Cemetery. They formed a cortege a mile long, marching four abreast and "presenting a spectacle never before witnessed in San Francisco." King was survived in San Francisco by his wife and six children, including a son, Charles J. King.
Honors.
A tree in Mammoth Grove, Calaveras County, was named after James King of William, and in 1950 King was honored along with 42 other journalists by being memorialized in California's newspaper Hall of Fame in a month-long Centennial of California Journalism at Balboa Park, San Diego.

</doc>
<doc id="36782345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782345" title="2010–11 Persiraja Banda Aceh season">
2010–11 Persiraja Banda Aceh season

The 2010–11 Liga Indonesia Premier Division is Persiraja Banda Aceh's fourth season since the inception of Liga Indonesia Premier Division.
Players.
"unknown"
Transfer.
"unknown"
Matches.
Group A.
Day 1
Day 3
Day 6
Knockout phase.
Semifinal
Final

</doc>
<doc id="36782354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782354" title="1982 Copa del Rey Final">
1982 Copa del Rey Final

The Copa del Rey 1982 Final was the 78th final of the King's Cup. The final was played at Estadio Nuevo José Zorrilla in Valladolid, on 13 April 1982, being won by Real Madrid C.F., who beat Sporting de Gijón 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="36782365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782365" title="Boletus curtisii">
Boletus curtisii

Boletus curtisii is a species of fungus in the Boletaceae family. It produces small- to medium-sized fruit bodies (mushrooms) with a convex cap up to wide atop a slender stem that can reach a length of . In young specimens, the cap and stem are bright golden yellow, although the color dulls to brownish when old. Both the stem and cap are slimy or sticky when young. On the underside of the cap are small circular to angular pores. The mushroom is edible, but not appealing. It is found in eastern and southern North America, where it grows in a mycorrhizal association with hardwood and conifer trees. Once classified as a species of "Pulveroboletus", the yellow color of "B. curtisii" is a result of pigments chemically distinct from those responsible for the yellow coloring of "Pulveroboletus".
Taxonomy.
The species was first described scientifically by English mycologist Miles Joseph Berkeley in 1853. The specific epithet "curtisii" honors Moses Ashley Curtis, who collected the type material from South Carolina.
American mycologist William Murrill called it "Ceriomyces curtisii" in 1909, but "Ceriomyces" (as defined by Murrill in 1909) has since been subsumed into "Boletus". In his 1947 monograph on boletes of Florida, Rolf Singer transferred the species to the genus "Pulveroboletus", and made it the type of his newly described section "Cartilaginei", which featured species with a glutinous or sticky stem, and a leather-colored to brownish hymenophore. Species in "Pulveroboletus" are characterized by the presence of pigments based on the chemical structure of pulvinic acid, a yellow-orange compound found in some species of Boletales. The pigments responsible for the color of "B. curtisii" are, however, entirely different from the pulvinic acid compounds found in "Pulveroboletus" species, which invalidates the chemotaxonomical rational for generic placement in "Pulveroboletus". Otto Kuntze once placed the species in "Suillus", but it lacks the partial veil and glandular dots associated with that genus. William Chambers Coker and Alma Beers considered Charles Horton Peck's "Boletus inflexus" (described from New York in 1895) as well as Henry Curtis Beardslee's 1915 "B. carolinensis" to be the same species as "B. curtisii". Coker and Beer's suggested synonymy, however, is not recognized by the taxonomical authorities MycoBank or Index Fungorum.
Wally Snell once considered "Boletus carolinensis" to be the sames species as "B. curtisii". He claimed that the former species was then considered distinct from the latter by virtue of an even, instead of reticulate (netlike) stem, although they were otherwise quite similar in appearance and spore size and shape. Snell explained that although neither the English nor the Latin text of Berkeley's original description mentioned a reticulated stem, a later (1872) description by Berkeley characterized the stem as "reticulato". Snell thought that this might have been an error in transcription, or an error in the species account, as herbarium specimens that he had examined lacked this feature. He changed his mind a couple of years later, when he found a small amount of reticulation in material collected by Peck.
Description.
The cap is wide, and initially obtuse to convex in shape before becoming broadly convex to nearly flat when mature. The cap margin has a narrow band of sterile tissue that in young fruit bodies is curved inwards. The cap surface is somewhat sticky when fresh, smooth, and bright yellow to orange-yellow, sometimes with brownish tints or whitish areas in age. The whitish flesh does not change color when exposed to air, and has no distinctive odor or taste. On the underside of the cap, the pore surface is initially whitish to buff or pale yellow, but becomes duller and darker at maturity, often depressed near the stem in age. Unlike some other boletes, "B. curtisii" does not turn blue when bruised or injured. The pores are circular to angular, and there are 2–3 per mm; the tubes are 6–12 mm deep. Young fruit bodies usually have droplets of golden yellow liquid on the pore surface (sometimes abundantly so), although this is rarely observed in older specimens.
The stem is long, thick, and roughly equal in width throughout. Its surface is sticky and glutinous when fresh, somewhat scurfy near the apex (covered with loose scales) but smooth below. It is pale yellow to yellow down to the base, which is sheathed with a cottony white mycelium. The stem can be either solid or hollow. The mushroom lacks a partial veil and a ring. The spore print is olive-brown. The mushroom is edible, but not appealing.
Spores are 9.5–17 by 4–6 μm, ellipsoid to somewhat ventricose (inflated on one side), smooth, and yellowish. The basidia (spore-bearing cells) are four-spored, measuring 25–32 by 6–10.8 μm. The cystidia lining the inside of the tubes are shaped like setae (i.e., thick walled and thorn-like) and have dimensions of 43–86 by 6.5–11 μm. All hyphae lack clamp connections.
Similar species.
"Retiboletus retipes" is somewhat similar in appearance, but is distinguished by a more orange to orange-yellow color, a lack of sliminess, and a distinctly reticulated stalk.
Habitat and distribution.
The fruit bodies of "B. curtisii" grow singly, scattered, or in small groups on the ground in coniferous or mixed woods, often with pines. Fruit bodies generally appear from August to November. The geographical distribution of the fungus is limited to eastern and southern North America. In the United States, it occurs from New England south to Florida, and west to Texas. The species was newly reported from Mexico in 2001.
Pigments.
The fruit bodies of "Boletus curtisii" contain a unique series of derivatives of the molecule canthin-6-one. Before this discovery, canthin-6-one alkaloids were only known from higher plants. Among the canthin-6-one derivatives are the pigments that give the mushroom its bright yellow color, including two optically active sulfoxides named curtisin and 9-deoxycurtisin. Spraying a fruit body with methanol causes the pigments to dissolve and makes the color wash away—a phenomenon unknown in other bolete mushrooms. Additionally, spraying fruit bodies with acetone results in a green-yellow fluorescence visible in daylight.

</doc>
<doc id="36782368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782368" title="Adiantum venustum">
Adiantum venustum

Adiantum venustum (evergreen maidenhair, Himalayan maidenhair) is a species of fern in the genus "Adiantum" of the family Adiantaceae, native to China and the Himalayas. It is a slow to established plant that usually grows on moist rocks and soil with good amount of humus and dead leaves. It is very hardy, largely evergreen to -10 °C, when it becomes deciduous. It is also known as black Hansraj in India for its black stalks at the fronds.
The soft green fronds are triangular, with numerous fan-shaped segments on each frond, with black stems. The roots are rhizomatous. The whole plant forms a slowly spreading mat.
This plant has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Uses.
The fern is used for the treatment in cold, headache, hydrophobia, inflammatory of the chest. It is also use as an antiviral or antibacterial drug. The extract from the rhizome can be used to treat diabetes, liver problems and diuretic. It is also suggested that researchers had found ethanolic extract of the leaves and stems of the plant, which is composed of terpenoid, phytosterols, flavonoid, and saponin, are things that control cancer activities. The extract was injected into mice. However, the fern's extract can cause sedation, muscle relaxation and hypnosis in mice.

</doc>
<doc id="36782440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782440" title="Joel Beeke">
Joel Beeke

Joel R. Beeke (born 1952) is an American Christian pastor and theologian. He is a minister of the Heritage Netherlands Reformed Congregation in Grand Rapids, Michigan, and President of Puritan Reformed Theological Seminary, where he is also the professor of Systematic Theology and Homiletics.
Beeke studied at Western Michigan University, Thomas Edison College, the Netherlands Reformed Theological School and Westminster Theological Seminary.

</doc>
<doc id="36782457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782457" title="Hogan McLaughlin">
Hogan McLaughlin

Hogan McLaughlin (born February 25, 1989) is an American fashion designer, artist, dancer, and musician. He garnered acclaim after meeting and collaborating with heiress Daphne Guinness, who became a champion and muse for his collections. McLaughlin has also produced a number of pieces for Lady Gaga's "Born This Way Ball", sparking interest and recognition within the fashion community. He has since been profiled by The New York Times, Women's Wear Daily, and Vogue, among others.
Early life and education.
McLaughlin was raised in River Forest, Illinois, a suburb outside Chicago, to Linda and Brian McLaughlin. McLaughlin has two younger sisters. He began dance classes at age 2 and continued to study ballet throughout his childhood. He attended Oak Park and River Forest High School before leaving at age 16 to join the second company of contemporary dance innovator Hubbard Street Dance Chicago.
Career.
After leaving high school, McLaughlin danced with Hubbard Street 2 for two years before being promoted to an apprentice position with the main company. There, he danced acclaimed works by choreographers such as Ohad Naharin, Johan Inger, and Nacho Duato, touring internationally. 
In 2009, McLaughlin left Hubbard Street Dance Chicago to move to New York City to pursue a career in visual art, a passion of his since childhood. While there, he came in contact with heiress and fashion icon Daphne Guinness via Twitter. They exchanged messages before meeting in person, launching a major commission for McLaughlin within 24 hours. His work resulted in a feature in The New York Times, the windows of Barneys New York, and as a part of Guinness' exhibition at F.I.T..
McLaughlin released his first full collection in September 2011. Guinness wore one of the pieces to the October 2011 opening of her F.I.T. exhibit. Since then, pieces have also been worn by avant-fashion icon Michelle Harper, Class Actress's Elizabeth Harper, and Lady Gaga, who took an immediate interest in his work. Gaga later commissioned McLaughlin to create a number of pieces for the promotional images for her "Born This Way Ball".

</doc>
<doc id="36782501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782501" title="Seedlings (film)">
Seedlings (film)

Seedlings (, meaning "A Moment") is a 2013 Pakistani Urdu-language social/drama film directed by Mansoor Mujahid and produced by Meher Jaffri. The film stars leading Pakistani tv actors Mohib Mirza and Aamina Sheikh. The film was released in Pakistan (Karachi) on 20 September 2013. It also had its world premiere in the United States at the New York Film Festival.
Plot.
The story of "Lamha" revolves around a happy couple whose lives are changed forever after a devastating accident leaves them reeling for stability.
Awards.
The film premiered in the New York Film Festival and won or was nominated for several awards. It went on to be nominated for many other awards and in various international film festivals across the globe.

</doc>
<doc id="36782641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782641" title="The Mundell Lowe Quartet">
The Mundell Lowe Quartet

The Mundell Lowe Quartet is an album by American jazz guitarist Mundell Lowe featuring tracks recorded in 1955 for the Riverside label. 
Reception.
AllMusic awarded the album 4 stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating "Most of this set is essentially straightahead bebop with guitarist Mundell Lowe heard in top form". 

</doc>
<doc id="36782670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782670" title="Gjørv Report">
Gjørv Report

The Gjørv Report ("Gjørv-rapporten" or "NOU 2012: 14, Rapport fra 22. juli-kommisjonen") is a report that was ordered by Norway's parliament, as a consequence of the 2011 Oslo bombing and the following Utøya massacre. The report was delivered to Norway's prime minister on August 13, 2012, one year after the establishment of a fact finding commission headed by Alexandra Bech Gjørv. (The title of the report includes her last name, Gjørv.) The report found that police could have prevented the bombing, could have arrived on Utøya Island sooner and caught Anders Breivik faster. It also concluded that Anders Breivik could have been stopped from carrying out the Utøya massacre.
Gjørv Report.
The Gjørv Report has 482 pages and was compiled by an ten person commission which was chaired by lawyer and former Statoil ASA executive Alexandra Bech Gjørv and also included the former head of the Norwegian Intelligence Service, academics, executives as well as police officials from neighboring Denmark and Finland. The report used data from global positioning systems (GPS), photos, film and audio files in addition to reports and interviews.
Commission findings.
The report found that 1.) the attack on the government complex in Oslo could have been prevented by effective implementation of security measures that had already been approved, 2.) a more rapid police operation to protect people on Utøya Island was a realistic possibility and the gunman could have been stopped earlier on 22 July (up to half an hour sooner) and 3.) more security and emergency measures to prevent further attacks and "mitigate adverse effects" should have been implemented on 22 July. The commission also lamented police shortcomings before and during the Utøya shooting, noting the tardiness with which the description of Breivik and his vehicle were released, communication problems, failure to follow procedures, and inadequate means, among other things. "All in all, July 22 revealed serious shortfalls in society's emergency preparedness and ability to avert threats," the commission said. Police should have automatically activated drills meant to guard against multiple attacks but weak leadership and disorganization led to delays the report said. The military was not immediately informed, police could not find a working helicopter to reach Utøya Island, and its boat, intended to transport special forces to the island, could not carry the necessary load. "The challenges turned out to be ascribable to leadership and communication to a far greater extent than to the lack of response personnel," it said. 
Alexandra Bech Gjørv, chairman of the 22 July Commission, said a failure to mobilise helicopters, share information or accept help from private individuals prepared to drive boats to Utøya contributed to "the most inconceivable brutality". “We have seen there are good plans ... but authorities have not learned enough from exercises conducted or implemented approved measures,” Gjørv told reporters. The commission also noted a “serious need for change” of emergency preparedness routines, she said. The perpetrator of the attacks was, however, “to be blamed for the loss of lives”, Gjørv said. 
The commission said the Norwegian Police Security Service "could have become aware" of Breivik's plans, but stopped short of saying it could have stopped him. However, it said the car bomb "could have been prevented through effective implementation of already adopted security measures" at the government complex. The report was critical of what it identified as bureaucratic failings between departments that had left government buildings in the center of Oslo vulnerable to attacks. The buildings had been considered potential terrorism targets as far back as 2006 in a security exercise that had recommended closing the street where Breivik parked his explosive-packed van. The report said that a car bomb “at the government complex and several co-ordinated attacks have been recurring scenarios in threat assessments as well as for safety analyses and exercise scenarios for many years.” The government building should have been much better protected as it had been identified as a security risk years before. But government squabbling over minor details of the security measures needed meant little was done. The inquiry team questioned why Grubbegata, the street outside the prime minister's office, was not closed to traffic as recommended in 2004. Breivik was able to park a van with a fertilizer bomb just outside the high-rise that houses the prime minister's office. Plans to close off the street in front of the government building were approved in 2010, but work on constructing physical barriers had not been completed and no temporary obstacles had been set up. A parking ban in the area was not strictly enforced.
The report also gives details of a phone-call made by a pedestrian 10 minutes after the Oslo bomb went off, giving police a good description of a man carrying a pistol and wearing protective clothing. The operator passed the message on but the tip-off was not followed up for some two hours, the report says. “The nationwide message service failed seriously,” said the commission chairwoman Alexandra Bech Gjørv. “Ten minutes after the bomb detonated, a person gave them information about a man in a police uniform holding a pistol who was acting strangely. The person said he got into a gray van. He gave the license plate number.” “The person who took this call knew this was important,” she said. “She brought this information to the operations center. This lay around for 20 minutes. Once it was passed on, it was not read until two hours later.” The tip was wasted altogether as "communication problems, failure to follow procedures and inadequate means," bogged down police reaction and operation regarding the emergency incident, the report said.
The report noted that Norway’s only police helicopter in Oslo was left unused because its crew was on vacation. Police operations centers were understaffed, and the availability of helicopters was "limited," the report said. Police information-sharing "is subject to formidable weaknesses," and the Police Security Services had not done enough training for a terrorist attack, the commission said. Although it was clear that a terrorist attack had been carried out, the inquiry says no immediate nationwide alert was given, no roadblocks or observation posts were set up, no attempt was made to mobilise helicopters nor did the operation centre take up offers from neighbouring police districts. The operation centre was "simply overloaded", the report concludes, to the extent that staff did little to prevent further attacks during "the acute phase". 
The commission recognized that “hardly anyone could have imagined” the secondary attack on Utøya. “Sadly, however, after repeated school massacres in other countries, an armed desperado who shoots adolescents is indeed conceivable — also in Norway,” It added. It found that police had taken an "unacceptable time" to reach Utøya and it criticised forces for the bungled attempt to reach the island on an inflatable boat. More specifically the commission deemed the 35 minutes which police needed to cross the 600m from the lake shore to the island as "unacceptable time". Shootings were reported on Utøya as early as 17:25 local time and within five minute police were contacted by a boat captain offering his vessel, but the message was not acted on. The first local police patrol arrived at 17:55, but despite guidelines recommending an immediate response to gun attacks the two officers did not try to find a boat. The officers received instructions to get an overview of the situation and await an anti-terror unit instead of finding a boat and crossing to Utøya themselves in order confront the gunman. An 11-strong elite Delta force team from Oslo arrived 14 minutes later, but after their own overloaded simple rubber dinghy broke down they were forced to abandon it for two civilian boats and landed on Utøya at 18:27. According to the commission, if procedures had been respected, police could have been on the island by 6.15 pm, or 12 minutes earlier, which could possibly have spared lives though the commission did not say as much. But Gjørv said that with better communication and individual decision making police near Utøya could have got to the island by 6pm and preventing an additional 25 minutes of slaughter. "The authorities' ability to protect the people on Utøya island failed. A more rapid police operation was a realistic possibility. The perpetrator could have been stopped earlier on 22 July," the commission said. 
The Norwegian Police Security Service could have detected Breivik earlier “with better ways of working and a broader focus”, the commission said. Breivik might have been stopped seven months before the attacks, had Norway's internal intelligence service, the PST, acted on a tip from customs officials who flagged a suspicious purchase of potential bomb-making chemicals from Poland, but intelligence service failures meant he was not put on a watch list. The special commission said that although the PST could have become aware of Breivik before 22 July, but said there were "no grounds for contending that the Police Security Service could and should have averted the attacks." Gjørv said a more effective response to warnings about Breivik would have revealed that he had been buying semiautomatic assault rifles and frequenting far-right Web sites. By December 2010, Breivik had already bought several semi-automatic assault rifles and was, said Gjørv, "highly visible on websites which must be called extreme". “Could he have been stopped?” she asked. “We can’t know for sure.” 
The report criticized Norway's gun controls as "inadequate," even though "Norway is a country with a large number of weapons." There was also praise for the government's communication with the public and the report said it was satisfied that health services had responded effectively.
Commission recommendations.
The commission came up with 31 recommendations ranging from better preparedness to limiting the availability of semi-automatic weapons and improving police helicopter capacity. The commission called for example for a "robust police helicopter service" to be set up in the Oslo police district and improvements in shift patterns for police officers, too many of whom were just working office hours. It also recommended that semiautomatic weapons be banned and Norwegian legislation on confidentiality be revised. The commission also called for introducing stricter control of arms and chemicals and making it “punishable to receive terrorist training”.
Reactions and post-report publication developments.
Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said after receiving the Gjørv Report he deeply regretted the mistakes that had been made and took responsibility for what had happened but stopped short of saying there would be ministerial resignations. "It took too long to apprehend the perpetrator and the police should have been on Utøya earlier. This is something I regret," he said. He also said: "It is not possible for a commission report to change what happened on July 22 last year. Nevertheless, the report is very important... because it gives us facts and knowledge - an understanding of what happened" Chief of police Øystein Mæland said that he accepted the main findings of the report, saying it was “difficult reading for all who did their utmost on that day”. “But it is hardest for those who have heard that their loved ones could have been rescued had the police response worked better,” he added. Opposition politicians, including Erna Solberg of the Conservatives and Knut Hareide of the Christian Democrats, expressed surprise about the frank tone in the report. Trond Henry Blattmann, the head of a July 22 support group who lost his son in the shooting, said it was “tough” to hear the conclusions of the commission, but noted that the bereaved wanted to know.
Norway's police chief Øystein Mæland resigned on August 16, 2012. Mæland said that he could no longer continue in the job without Justice Minister Grete Faremo confidence. "If the ministry and other political authorities do not clarify this matter unequivocally, it will become impossible for me to continue," he said in a statement with reference to the Gjørv Report which criticised the "unacceptable" amount of time which police took to respond to the shootings and an earlier police report which concluded that none of the officers on duty had hesitated in carrying out their duties.
Norway's prime minister Jens Stoltenberg apologised for failings in the authorities' response to the 2011 Norway attacks and took responsibility for mistakes. "We can never correct mistakes made in the past, but we can learn from the past," he told parliamentarians. "And to do that we must create a more secure future." Stoltenberg promised a raft of new anti-terror measures and announced new measures to improve security, including providing police with military helicopters, boosting funds for the police and improving emergency exercises at all levels of "public administration". The prime minister announced funding for a new emergency center for the Oslo police intended to centralize assets such as helicopters, the emergency squad and the canine unit. He also proposed devoting more money for emergency drills, improving the military's capacity to assist police, and protecting sensitive locations, but didn't set a timetable for changes.
The Dagbladet reported on August 28, 2012 that sharpshooters could use police helicopter contrary to what the police said after the 22 July attacks. After the attacks Oslo police said clearly that snipers cannot shoot from the helicopter. But Oslo police's own contingency plans opened for several years to allow sharpshooters firing from the police's own surveillance helicopter. Sharpshooters of the police helicopter was part of contingency plans already in 2009, but according to the management of the Oslo police was removed in 2011 before the attacks. Oslo police spokesperson wrote in an e-mail to Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation that the use of a sniper in the police helicopter was only one ambition of police and it was dropped when it became apparent that the helicopter was unsuitable for that purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="36782722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782722" title="Tracey Hinton">
Tracey Hinton

Tracey Hinton (born 19 March 1970) is a Paralympic athlete being visually impaired and classed as T11 in the Paralympic classification system. Born in Cardiff and a member of Cardiff Amateur Athletic Club, Hinton has been blind since having cancer of the retina aged four which resulted in her losing her sight. She has won three silver and three bronze medals at Paralympic level.
She competed in the 1992 Summer Paralympics winning a silver medal in the 400m B1, a silver medal in the 200m B1 and a bronze medal in the 100m B1. 2000 saw her win bronze medals in the T11 200m and T11 400m and silver in the T12 800m. She is the 800 metres world record holder in her class with a time of 2mins:17.66secs.
Hinton has been selected to compete in the 2012 Summer Paralympics, her sixth games. She was chosen as captain of the women's athletics squad for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36782754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782754" title="Frank Mulcare">
Frank Mulcare

Frank Mulcare is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.
Playing career.
Born in Ngahere, Mulcare was a farmer.
Mulcare played for the Ngahere club and represented the West Coast and South Island.
He first made the New Zealand Kiwis in 1951, being selected for the tour of Great Britain and France. He then toured Australia in 1952 and played in home test matches against Australia in 1953 and Great Britain in 1954. 
In 1953 the American All Stars toured New Zealand. The squad had many injuries and so Mulcare was one of four New Zealanders who joined the touring squad.
Mulcare joined the New Zealand Police in 1958 and served for 16 years.
Legacy.
Mulcare was named in the West Coast's 75th Jubilee team in 1989. He was named by the New Zealand Rugby League as a Legend of League in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36782768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782768" title="SM U-116">
SM U-116

SM "U-116" was a German Type 115 u-boat of the Imperial German Navy built at Schichau-Werke, Danzig. As her sister ship , she was never completed and ultimately broken up in Danzig after the Armistice with Germany. Her main engines were used in M/S "Adolf Sommerfeld" ex . Both boats had been offered to the IGN free of charge by Schichau in an attempt to gain experience in building submarines (Williamson, 15).

</doc>
<doc id="36782792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782792" title="The Bourne Legacy">
The Bourne Legacy

The Bourne Legacy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36782856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782856" title="Clark Robert Smith">
Clark Robert Smith

Clark Robert Smith is a pioneering innovator in the wine industry. He is largely respected for his contributions to winemakers and the wine industry of California and worldwide. He has built many successful brands, consults on five continents, judges wines at several competitions and teaches winemaking in six universities.
Early life and career.
Clark's parent's met at MIT. His father an Aviation Engineer earned a presidential commendation from Ronald Reagan for helping to build engines for the Apollo spacecraft. Clark's early life years were spent growing up on the East Coast, and Birmingham, Alabama where he attended the private school Indian Springs School. Clark has said this has impacted his ability to be a good writer. Clark attended MIT briefly, declined program completion, and went on to graduate as a top student and memorable pupil at U. C. Davis (1977–1983). Smith served as the founding winemaker for The R. H. Phillips Vineyard for its first seven years, taking it from 3,000 cases per year to 250,000. He implemented night time harvesting and published ground-breaking research on vineyard variables affecting wine quality. After spending the 1970s retailing wine in the East Bay, he began his winemaking career as cellarmaster for VeederCrest.
Postmodern winemaking.
In 1990, he began Vinovation, which became the world's largest winemaking consulting company with over 1200 clients around the world. Clark developed a postmodern winemaking system which rejects the solution chemistry model of winemaking and instead centers around building structure, integrating aroma, and promoting living soils. His Postmodern Winemaking from U.C. Press was named Wine and Spirits Magazine's 2013 Book Of The Year.
Pioneering technologies.
In the 1990s, Smith went on to patent reverse osmosis methods for alcohol removal and
volatile acidity correction, founding the world’s largest wine technology provider, Vinovation, and pioneering the implementation in American winemaking of micro-oxygenation, ultrafiltration, tartrate stabilization through electrodialysis, alternatives to sterile filtration.Life After Vinovation: Smith sold Vinovation and it's technology Smith has been busy writing on postmodern winemaking, which rejects the solution chemistry model of winemaking and the reductionist approach to sensory evaluation, instead centering around structural integrity, aromatic integration, graceful longevity and soulful resonance with the environment in which wine is consumed. These realms have opened inquiries into living soils, vine balance, proper maturity, co-extraction, uses of oxygen, balancing reduction, minerality, microbial balance, and the relationship of wine and music. "Wine is not science, it's cuisine – the ultimate slow food."Clark Robert Smith
Wine specialist.
Smith is recognized as a leading authority on the enhancement of wine structure and a vocal
proponent of living soil. His popular class on Fundamentals of Wine Chemistry has been attended by over 4,000 participants since 1984. David Darlington’s biography of him in Wine & Spirits magazine won the James Beard award. He directs the Best of Appellation wine evaluations for AppellationAmerica.com, writes a monthly column, “The Postmodern Winemaker,” for Wines and Vines magazine, and is an adjunct faculty member at California State University at Fresno and Florida International University.
Wine alcohol reduction techniques.
Clark is often quoted as talking about finding the sweet spot in a wine. Which is the point at which "wine" has achieved its taste and aroma or "nose". This is determined by the Alcohol percentage in the wine.
Author, writer, columnist and teacher.
In 1993, Smith started WineSmith.com to explore a range of California terroirs with Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay and Roman Syrah made according to European principles. A long drive practicing wine maker Clark began making the wines for Diamond Ridge Vineyards in 2007, of a unique high altitude site in Lake County. Clark is an editor and contributing writer to many Wine related topics and Magazines. Clark is a contributing Writer, Columnist and Editor for Appellation America, Wine and Vines Magazine “The Postmodern Winemaker”. Clark has worked in six Universities and Colleges as an adjunct lecturer. He has taught courses for over 20yrs, at University of California at Davis, Napa Valley College, Fresno State University, Southwest Missouri State University, Florida International University and L'Academie du Vin in Tokyo.
Musician.
In recent years, Smith has become increasingly interested in the study of the relationship of
wine and music cognition. A composer and vocalist, he is currently engaged in the production
of a CD of original songs about real life in the Wine Industry. He resides in Santa Rosa,
California.

</doc>
<doc id="36782857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782857" title="Senninha">
Senninha

Senninha is a Brazilian comic book series whose main character is based upon Formula One world champion Ayrton Senna. Senninha was launched in 1994 by Editora Abril but was cancelled in the same year after Senna's death. It was relaunched in 2008. All profits from licensing of the character go to the Instituto Ayrton Senna.
History.
Senninha was designed by Rogerio Martins Jr and Ridaut Days in 1994. The pair was looking to publish the character but were low on money. They met with Ayrton Senna who suggested the design be based on himself.
The first publication was on February 27, 1994. It was published by Editora Abril and made available free to every school in Brazil. The publications of the character transferred to Brainstore before being cancelled later that year. The comics were also sold in various bookstores in Europe. Senninha returned in 2008 with new publishers HQM Publisher. All of the sales of Senninha contribute to the Instituto Ayrton Senna.
Merchandising.
Senninha's name has been used on more than 370 products ranging from shirts to helicopters. A brand of eyewear created by the House of Watchmakers under Senninha's name is aimed at children under the age of twelve.
Video game adaption.
DiverBras Entertainment developed a video game adaption of Senninha entitled "Senninha GP" in 2008. The game was developed in Brazil by a team of 25 developers. It was first released in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="36782904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782904" title="Surrender to All Life Beyond Form">
Surrender to All Life Beyond Form

Surrender to All Life Beyond Form is the second studio album by Dark Castle.
The album was released in CD and vinyl form via Profound Lore Records. A 12" vinyl version was released through Brutal Panda Records, limited to 500 copies.
In support of this album, Dark Castle embarked on a summer tour of North America alongside YOB.

</doc>
<doc id="36782991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36782991" title="Karmawibhangga Museum">
Karmawibhangga Museum

Karmawibhangga Museum also known as Borobudur Museum, is an archaeology museum located just several hundred meters north of 8th century Borobudur Buddhist monument, within Borobudur Archaeological Park, Magelang Regency, Central Java, Indonesia. The museum featuring pictures of "Karmawibhangga" bas reliefs carved on the hidden foot of Borobudur, some disassembled Borobudur stones, archaeological artifacts founds around Borobudur and Central Java. The museum also displays the Borobudur architecture and structure, also the documentation of restoration project conducted between 1975 and 1982 under UNESCO guidance. The museum was built in traditional Javanese architecture; the "joglo" house with "pendopo" pavilion. The museum is integrated within Borobudur Archaeological Park inaugurated in 1983.
Also located within Borobudur archaeological complex, right on west side of Karmawibhangga Museum is Samudra Raksa Museum displaying Borobudur Ship. The entry to both museums are included within the entrance ticket of Borobudur Archaeological Park.
Exhibits.
The museum was built as integrated part within Borobudur Archaeological Park.
Karmawibhangga bas reliefs.
The base level of Borobudur illustrating the first of the three zones of consciousness in Buddhist concept; the "Kamadhatu" or "desire realm". This series of reliefs is known as the "Mahakarmawibhangga" or simply "Karmawibhangga" and represents the realm of desire. These 160 hidden panels do not form a continuous story, but each panel provides one complete illustration of cause and effect. 
The depiction of theft, murder, rape, abortion and torture appear amongst other immoral acts. The direct or indirect result of these acts is shown to be a tortuous afterlife. The depiction of hell includes the cutting up of bodies with a saw, burning bodies, and bondage with hot chains. There are also praiseworthy activities, that include charity and pilgrimage to sanctuaries, and their subsequent rewards. The reliefs also depict more harmonious topics including working together, agricultural methods, and planned parenthood. The pains of hell and the pleasure of heaven are also illustrated. There are scenes of daily life, complete with description of "samsara" (the endless cycle of birth and death). Some of the panels have inscriptions which are believed to have been instructions to the carvers. Some panels remain unfinished, and this gives rise to the theory that the additional base was added before the temple had been completed.
However these 'hidden foot' of Borobudur with exquisite bas-reliefs is covered with additional encasement, the purpose of which remains a mystery. The encasement base was built with detailed and meticulous design and with aesthetic and religious consideration. Apart from southeast corner which has been revealed for visitors, it is not possible to see the remaining reliefs remain hidden below the supporting structure. The encasement base of the Borobudur temple was dissembled to reveal the hidden foot and the reliefs were photographed by Kassian Cephas in 1890. It is these photographs that are displayed in this museum.
Borobudur stone blocks.
Approximately 4,000 of the original stones and carvings from the temple are stored in this museum. These include some dissasembled stone blocks, decorative panels, parts of reliefs and structures are stored in the open air field within museum compound. These stone blocks could not be included within Borobudur structure because of missing connecting parts. Borobudur structures are interlocking stone blocks and sometimes replacement new stones are added to replace the missing ones. Some of the important stone blocks displayed here are the "chattra", the triple-tiered stone umbrellas served as the pinnacle of Borobudur main stupa. The "chattra" was reconstructed by Theodoor Van Erp during restoration project between 1907 and 1911. Although the "chattra" was carefully reconstructed, there was too few remains of the original stone pinnacle. Since the pinnacle design was considered only based upon estimation, Van Erp finally decided to dismantled the "chattra" pinnacle, now displayed in this museum.
Archaeological findings.
Some statues taken from Borobudur are also stored in this museum, such as fragments of Buddha statues. One of the famous exhibit is the "Unfinished Buddha", believed to be discovered in the main stupa during early restoration effort in early 20th century. However today this opinion is highly doubted, this unperfect Buddha statue was probably taken from elsewhere and the inner chamber of main stupa was more likely originally designed to be left empty to symbolize the ultimate concept of Śūnyatā (nothingness).
Some of archaeological relics founds in and around Borobudur are also displayed in this museum. Terracotta water vessels, containers, jars and also other relics were discovered around Borobudur during restoration projects. Other important exhibit also the 9th century large Buddha head, discovered in Selomerto, Wonosobo Regency, Central Java.
Borobudur restoration.
The museum displays the history and documentations of Borobudur restoration project led by UNESCO between 1975 and 1982. Old photographs, maps and the model of interlocking Borobudur stones and structures are on display. The exhibit was meant to educate visitors about the problems and challenge on preserving Borobudur; such as structure integration, fungal, moss and decaying problems affecting Borobudur stones and bas reliefs, and also drainage problems. The modern technique applied on Borobudur restoration is also displayed, such as concrete supporting structure underneath Borobudur stones, lead covered stones, modern drainage system, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36783003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783003" title="Ken Mountford">
Ken Mountford

Ken Mountford is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country. He is the brother of fellow players, Ces Mountford and Bill Mountford.
Playing career.
Mountford played for Blackball during the 1940's along with his two brothers, Blackball held the Thacker Shield at the time. He represented both the West Coast and the South Island.
He played for the New Zealand Kiwis in six test matches on the 1947 tour of Great Britain and France.

</doc>
<doc id="36783080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783080" title="James Store, Virginia">
James Store, Virginia

James Store is an unincorporated community in Gloucester County, Virginia, United States. James Store is located on Virginia State Route 3 and Virginia State Route 14 northeast of Gloucester. James Store had a post office, which closed on September 7, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="36783144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783144" title="Cape Verde at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Cape Verde at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Cape Verde competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36783147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783147" title="2005 ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship">
2005 ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship

The 2005 ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship took place on May 6–9, 2005 at the California State University in Long Beach, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36783169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783169" title="Central African Republic at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Central African Republic at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

The Central African Republic competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36783175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783175" title="Guitar Moods">
Guitar Moods

Guitar Moods is an album by American jazz guitarist Mundell Lowe featuring tracks recorded in 1956 for the Riverside label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with Scott Yanow calling it "quite memorable. "Guitar Moods", which lives up to its name, is recommended".

</doc>
<doc id="36783179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783179" title="Varsi (surname)">
Varsi (surname)

Varsi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36783180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783180" title="Jennifer Jolly">
Jennifer Jolly

Jennifer Jolly (born February 22, 1971) is an American journalist and broadcaster. She is a tech lifestyle contributor, nationally syndicated columnist and tech and social media commentator.
Career.
Jennifer hosts the weekly online video series, Tech’s Appeal, seen on Tecca, Yahoo!, USA Today and McDonald’s flagship “M” Channel. Her columns on digital parenting issues and gadget how-to’s are shown on AOL, Time.com, GalTime, Yahoo! Shine, and many others. She is also a frequent guest contributor for numerous broadcast outlets including HLN, Dr. Oz and the CBS Early Show.
Prior to expanding consumer tech content to emerging new media platforms, Jennifer was the Tech/Social Media Co-Host for ABC’s 7Live, a daily one-hour current events TV program in San Francisco. She also hosted All That’s Fit, a 30-minute healthy lifestyle series on the Fine Living Network for five seasons. From 1993-2007, she was a TV reporter and anchor for KTVU (SF Bay Area, eight years), and ABC (KXLY, Spokane), NBC (KRON, KTUU, KECI) and Fox affiliates throughout the country. In all, she has nearly 20-years of experience as a broadcast journalist, and has also consulted with numerous consumer tech brands including Sony, Microsoft, Intel, HP, Disney, YouTube, MasterCard and Best Buy.
Personal life.
Jennifer grew up in Kenai, Alaska and was awarded a journalism scholarship. She went to the University of San Francisco, where she graduated with a Bachelor’s Degree in Communications in 1993. She is married to photographer and video cameraman, Roddy Blelloch. She lives in the San Francisco Bay Area with her husband and daughter, and has two step-sons in college.
Jennifer has competed in a number of Triathlons, Marathons, and horse riding events.

</doc>
<doc id="36783221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783221" title="Varszegi">
Varszegi

Varszegi or Várszegi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36783267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783267" title="Comoros at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Comoros at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Comoros competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012. Comoros was represented by one swimmer, Hassani Ahamada Djae, who did not qualify for the finals. He was coached by Soulaimana Bacari.

</doc>
<doc id="36783294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783294" title="North, Virginia">
North, Virginia

North is an unincorporated community in Mathews County, Virginia, United States. North is located on Virginia State Route 14 west of Mathews. North has a post office with ZIP code 23128.

</doc>
<doc id="36783396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783396" title="Bulletin of Geosciences">
Bulletin of Geosciences

The Bulletin of Geosciences is a peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing original research papers, review articles, and short contributions. It covers all aspects of palaeoenvironmental geology, including palaeontology, stratigraphy, sedimentology, palaeogeography, palaeoecology, palaeoclimatology, geochemistry, mineralogy, geophysics, and related fields.
Abstracting and indexing.
This journal is abstracted and indexed in:
The journal is included in the Geoscience e-Journals collection. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2011 impact factor of 1.099.

</doc>
<doc id="36783403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783403" title="Syringa, Virginia">
Syringa, Virginia

Syringa is an unincorporated community in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States. Syringa is east-southeast of Saluda. Syringa had a post office, which closed on September 3, 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="36783458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783458" title="The Manticore and Other Horrors">
The Manticore and Other Horrors

The Manticore and Other Horrors is the tenth studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth. It was released on 29 October in Europe and on 30 October in USA in 2012. It is the band's first album as a three-man group rather than its six-man staple. It was also the last release with Paul Allender on guitar, who departed the band for a second time in April 2014.
Pre-release information.
Guitarist Paul Allender told Ultimate Guitar that "The last thing we want to do is come out with another album that sounds like the last two. We decided to change direction and go back to what we used to do with the female vocals; all the strong melody lines and harmonies... I've put a lot of punk orientated riffs back into it again. It's really gone quite dark and pretty hardcore."
A press release in August 2012 revealed that the album was conceived as "a bestiary, a collection of stories on monsters," including "personal demons, chimeras, literary fiends, and world-enslaving entities..." The title track, "Manticore", was described as being "about a beautiful mythological horror that comes to be feared as the disfigurehead of foreign occupation in the Indian provinces." "Illicitus" and "Pallid Reflection" meanwhile, involve "lycanthropy and vampirism"; "For Your Vulgar Delectation" and "Frost on Her Pillow" are "grim fairy tales"; and "The Abhorrent" and "Siding With the Titans" are said to "extol tentacular Lovecraftian values."
"Frost On Her Pillow" was the first video to promote the album, after "For Your Vulgar Delectation" and "Manticore" were uploaded to Peaceville's SoundCloud account.
Track listing.
The finalised track listing was revealed by Peaceville in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36783498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783498" title="Mika Yamamoto">
Mika Yamamoto

Family background.
Yamamoto was born in Tsuru, a city in Yamanashi Prefecture, on 26 May 1967. She had two sisters, and her father, Koji Yamamoto, is a former "Asahi Shimbun" reporter. She graduated from Tsuru University.
Career in journalism.
Yamamoto began her career in 1990 as a reporter for Asahi Newstar, the satellite television channel of TV Asahi, eventually becoming a video journalist and director for documentaries and news programs. She left the channel in 1995 to join the Japan Press, a Tokyo-based independent media group, which covers news and produces documentaries for TV broadcasting and magazines focused on the Middle East and Southwest Asia. Known for employing hand-held video cameras and performing her own editing, Yamamoto served as a correspondent for the Japan Press in critical areas such as Kosovo, Bosna, Chechnya, Indonesia, Afghanistan in 2001, Iraq in 2003 and Uganda. She reported on the suppression of the Afghan women in Kabul and interviewed Taliban members in Afghanistan. She worked as a special correspondent for Nippon TV in Iraq. She survived a coalition airstrike on the Palestine Hotel in Baghdad on 3 April 2003 where two journalists from "Reuters" and a Spanish broadcaster were killed.Yamamoto transitioned to work as a news presenter for the Nippon TV news program in 2003 and 2004, receiving the Vaughn-Uyeda Memorial Award Prize for her previous coverage of the war in Iraq. She was also a special lecturer at Waseda University's journalism school and at her alma mater, Tsuru University. Her lectures were concerned with the effects of war on ordinary citizens and the role of journalism during wartime. After Great East Japan Earthquake on 11 March 2011, Yamamoto visited the affected areas to record the damage experienced. In November 2011, she began to serve as an independent consultant to the Government Revitalization Unit with the responsibility for reducing unnecessary spending in the Japanese government. Yamamoto was on assignment in Syria for Nippon TV to cover the ongoing civil war and the impact it had on the Syrian civilian population when she was killed.
Death.
Yamamoto and her Japanese colleague and common-law husband, photographer Kazutaka Sato, were travelling with fighters of the Free Syrian Army when they came under attack in Aleppo. She was seriously wounded in the Suleiman al Halabi district of the city during a clash between Syrian opposition and pro-government forces on 20 August 2012; Sato stated that Yamamoto's death occurred when pro-government troops appeared and started "random shooting". She died at a nearby hospital after suffering gunshot wounds to the neck while a rebel fighter gave a conflicting account that she was killed during shelling by the pro-government forces. Masaru Sato, a spokesman with the foreign ministry in Tokyo, confirmed her death on 20 August 2012. 
Autopsy revealed that Yamamoto suffered trauma caused by gunshot wounds to her neck and torso despite her use of body armor and that the primary cause of her death was internal bleeding and rapid blood loss. It was further revealed by the autopsy that she had been shot nine times and that the cause of her death was a bullet to the neck, damaging her spinal cord. 
Her body was delivered by the members of the Liwa Asifat al Shamal, one of the groups attached to the Free Syrian Army, to Japanese consular officials in Kilis, southern Turkey, at 1:00 pm on 21 August 2012.
Funeral.
Yamamoto's body was taken from Kilis to Istanbul on 23 August 2012. Her two sisters and nephew travelled to Istanbul and accompanied her body back to Japan on 25 August. Her funeral ceremony, attended by some 800 people, was held in Tsuru, where her parents live, on 27 August.
Reactions.
The executive director of the Committee to Protect Journalists, Joel Simon, expressed his sorrow and sent his condolences to Yamamoto's family and friends. On 22 August, the Japanese Foreign Minister Kōichirō Gemba stated that the killing of Yamamoto was very unfortunate and he offered his condolences to her family. The French Foreign Ministry released a statement of condolence at a press briefing on 21 August for Yamamoto's family and those involved in the tragedy. United States Department of State spokesperson Victoria Nuland at a press briefing on 21 August condemned the killing of Yamamoto by Syrian government forces and issued a statement of condolence.
Memorials.
On 10 October 2012, the students at Wasada University where Yamamoto had lectured for four years organized a memorial service for her. The ceremony included a movie about her and also, her friends' statements.

</doc>
<doc id="36783512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783512" title="Topping, Virginia">
Topping, Virginia

Topping is an unincorporated community in Middlesex County, Virginia, United States. Topping is located on Virginia State Route 3 east of Saluda. Topping has a post office with ZIP code 23169.
Topping, VA is home to Middlesex County's own airport named Hummel Field. This airfield was created by Fred Hummel, an early bird of aviation, in 1925. Hummel then donated the site to Middlesex County in 1970.
Prospect was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36783519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783519" title="Malabar Volunteer Rifles">
Malabar Volunteer Rifles

The Malabar Volunteer Rifles was formed in India on 14 August 1885 from the Calicut and Tellicherry Volunteer Corps. It was amalgamated as the 29th Nilgiri Malabar Battalion on 1 April 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="36783558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783558" title="Pascal Koopmann">
Pascal Koopmann

Pascal Koopmann (born February 10, 1990) is a German footballer who currently plays for Preußen Münster. He made his debut for the club in April 2012, as a substitute for Dennis Grote in a 4–1 defeat against 1. FC Heidenheim in the 3. Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="36783585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783585" title="Che Ti Dice La Patria?">
Che Ti Dice La Patria?

"Che ti dice la Patria?" is a short story by American author Ernest Hemingway set in Italy.
The story is about a journey near Savona during Mussolini's time in power. Originally entitled "Italy - 1927", it records a journey marked by "ten days of disappointing weather, unpleasant interactions with the locals, and bad food". It is Hemingway's "scathing attack on Fascism". Under the new title, the story was later included in the collection "Men Without Women" (1927).

</doc>
<doc id="36783591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783591" title="Mahmut Sönmez">
Mahmut Sönmez

Mahmut Sönmez (born January 25, 1990) is a Turkish-Dutch footballer who currently is currently a free agent. Sönmez began his professional career with Preußen Münster, whom he joined in July 2012, having previously played amateur football in his hometown of Rotterdam. He made his 3. Liga debut a month later, as a substitute for Rico Schmider in a 2–1 defeat to SV Darmstadt 98. He left Münster after one season and three appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="36783701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783701" title="Dennis Riemer">
Dennis Riemer

Dennis Riemer (born February 23, 1988) is a German footballer who plays for Arminia Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="36783705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783705" title="Munishwar Dutt Upadhyay">
Munishwar Dutt Upadhyay

Munishwar Dutt Upadhyay (3 August 1898 - 26 June 1983) was an Indian politician and statesman, a leader in the Indian independence movement, the Educationist and Member of Parliament from Pratapgarh, Uttar Pradesh belongs to the Indian National Congress. He was known as the "Iron Man" of Congress Party in Uttar Pradesh.
Early life.
Born on 3 August 1898, in Lakshmanpur Village, Lalganj Tehsil of Pratapgarh district, Uttar Pradesh to Gazadhar Prasad Upadhyay. He was an exceptionally bright student and learner. He matriculated from Somvanshi Higher Secondary School (PB Inter College), Pratapgarh and later on went on to do his post-graduation at Kayastha Pathshala, Allahabad, and Law from Allahabad University. Soon he started working with the mayor's office in Allahabad. He married Annapoorna Upadhyay in 1933.
Political life.
He was a member of the Constituent Assembly of India and was also the only one from Pratapgarh who has signed the draft of the Indian Constitution. Post-independence, he became the first candidate from Pratapgarh to become the Member of Parliament twice, once in 1951, the First Lok Sabha Elections and then in 1957, the Second Lok Sabha Elections.
After a sweeping win twice in the Lok Sabha elections from Pratapgarh constituency, he was defeated in the 3rd Lok Sabha election by Jan Sangh candidate, Ajit Pratap Singh.
He also held the position of a Cabinet Minister in Uttar Pradesh for a short period between 1969 and 1970.
Death.
He died on 26 June 1983 in Pratapgarh and was survived by a son and two daughters.
Biography.
"Ek aur Kaljyeyi"

</doc>
<doc id="36783769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783769" title="Betalingsservice">
Betalingsservice

NETS Betalingsservice is used in Denmark to electronically pay bills, a so-called direct debit service. The service can be set up to pay subscriptions or other consistent expense. 
The creditor contacts its own bank and gives notification about paying bills through Betalingsservice, from there on the bill is inserted in the electronical system and automatically paid every month on the set date from the customers account. No fee is claimed for the service.

</doc>
<doc id="36783792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783792" title="Gemma-Leah Devereux">
Gemma-Leah Devereux

Gemma-Leah Devereux (born in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish film and television actress.
Early life.
Devereux trained at the Arts Educational Schools, London for three years."
Acting career.
Devereux made her theatrical appearance in "The Dreamers of Inishdara" at the Jermyn Street Theatre alonside "Rocky Horror Show" star Patricia Quinn. However, she is best known for her role as Lady Elizabeth Fitzgerald in Showtime's historical fiction television series "The Tudors". She starred as Kate alongside Ross Noble and Tommy Knight in "Stitches" directed by Conor McMahon which premiered at Film4 Frightfest 2012 in Empire Leiceister Square. She has starred in "Comedown", an upcoming urban horror-thriller film about a bunch of South-East London teens break into an abandoned, condemned tower block to install an aerial for a Pirate Radio Station. It is directed by Menhaj Huda, and starring Adam Deacon, Geoff Bell, Jessica Barden, Sophie Stuckey, Slaine Kelly and Jacob Anderson. The film will be premiered in the Grimmfest 2012 film festival on 4th of October.

</doc>
<doc id="36783798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783798" title="Tim Jerat">
Tim Jerat

Tim Jerat (born 5 March 1982) is a German footballer who plays for Alemannia Aachen. He is the son of the football coach Wolfgang Jerat.

</doc>
<doc id="36783805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783805" title="Jon Hall (basketball)">
Jon Hall (basketball)

Jon Hall (born 13 March 1982) is a British wheelchair basketball player. He was selected to play for Team GB in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. He is classed as a 3.0 wheelchair basketball player. He won bronze at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
Personal life.
Hall was born in Doncaster, South Yorkshire on 13 March 1982 with Spina bifida, a developmental congenital disorder caused by the incomplete closing of the embryonic neural tube. He currently lives in Chesterfield, Derbyshire.
Wheelchair basketball.
Hall was first introduced to wheelchair basketball at the age of 14 at the National Junior Games held in Stoke Mandeville. He has played the sport ever since. Hall initially played for the Sheffield Steelers then joined the Wolverhampton Rhinos. He played with the team for three years. He joined the Tameside Owls in the 2011-2012 season. Hall captained the GB Junior wheelchair basketball team at the 2005 World Junior Championships, and also won gold in that same junior team. He joined the senior wheelchair basketball team at the age of 19. He has represented Great Britain six times in the senior team.
Hall has only competed in four major championships. The first was the 2008 Summer Paralympic Games held in Beijing, China. Along with his team, he won bronze; coming third place. The following year, he competed in the 2009 European Championships held in Adana, Turkey. He won bronze in this championship. In 2010 he competed in the 2010 World Wheelchair Basketball Championships, held on home ground in Birmingham. Along with his team, he finished in fifth position. 2011 saw a victory in the 2011 European Championships in Nazareth, northern Israel. He won gold, along with his team.

</doc>
<doc id="36783963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36783963" title="Army of the Western Garden">
Army of the Western Garden

The Army of the Western Garden was an army established in 188 during the reign of Emperor Ling in the Eastern Han Dynasty.
History.
Emperor Ling had endowed his brother-in-law, the General-in-Chief He Jin, with much military power. In the eighth lunar month of 188, he established the Army of the Western Garden in the capital Luoyang and appointed eight colonels to command the Army.
The eight colonels were:
The other seven Colonels were under the command of Jian Shuo and the Army of the Western Garden comprised the main armed forces in Luoyang. As the Army took direct orders from Emperor Ling, its authority exceeded that of He Jin. In 189, Emperor Ling died and was succeeded by the young Emperor Shao. He Jin secretly plotted with Yuan Shao and others to eliminate Jian Shuo and the eunuch faction in the imperial court. He also contemplated summoning the northwestern warlord Dong Zhuo to lead his forces to Luoyang to assist him, but his idea was strongly opposed by Zheng Tai (鄭泰) and Lu Zhi on the grounds that it would lead to political turmoil.
When Dong Zhuo entered Luoyang, He Jin had been assassinated by the eunuchs, so Yuan Shao took charge of the Army of the Western Garden. In revenge, Yuan Shao and his colleagues led troops into the palace and slaughtered the eunuchs. Emperor Shao and his younger half-brother, the Prince of Chenliu, escaped from the palace during the chaos and were later found by Dong Zhuo and brought back to Luoyang. Dong Zhuo also seized the opportunity to monopolise state power and dominate the central government. Not long later, he deposed Emperor Shao and replaced him with the Prince of Chenliu, who became known as Emperor Xian. By then, Yuan Shao, Cao Cao and others had left Luoyang and they later combined forces to start a campaign against Dong Zhuo in 190. The Army of the Western Garden was disbanded after Yuan Shao and the others left.

</doc>
<doc id="36784000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784000" title="Limmud International">
Limmud International

Limmud International, founded in 2006, is a volunteer-led Jewish international organisation, based in London and chaired by David Hoffman, who leads a steering group which is supported by a professional coordinator, Dani Serlin.
Limmud (from the Hebrew word meaning "to learn") is a British-Jewish educational charity which produces a large annual winter conference at Warwick University and several other events around the year in the UK on the theme of Jewish learning. Limmud events are organised by volunteers who, as "volunticipants", also take part as equals in the conference. Limmud's largest group of volunteers are in their 20s and 30s.
The Limmud model, first developed in the UK, has now spread to many other countries. Nearly 70 communities in 34 countries on six continents have hosted Limmud events including, in 2013 for the first time, Hong Kong, Peru, India and Montenegro. There are 18 Limmud communities in the United States and eight in Israel.
Limmud International supports networks of Limmud volunteers in establishing and developing Limmud communities overseas. It provides training, mentoring and support for Limmud groups, and offers a forum for the sharing of ideas and best practices.
Limmud in North America.
Limmud arrived in New York in 2005. Limmud events have also been held in Los Angeles, Colorado and Atlanta (2008), Philadelphia (2009), New Orleans, Chicago and Boston (2010) and in Canada (Ottawa, Toronto, Vancouver, Winnipeg and Montreal).
Limmud Toronto.
After years of planning by local volunteers, Limmud Toronto was first held on 21 November 2004 at York University. Over 400 participants enjoyed close to 50 sessions, including a Young Limmud programme for children aged 5 to 12. Three years later on 2 December 2007, Limmud Toronto was held at the University of Toronto. Despite coinciding with the first major snowfall of the year, the conference drew nearly 500 participants. Limmud Toronto had its third conference, again at the University of Toronto, on 15 February 2009.
Limmud in Latin America.
There are now Limmud groups in Argentina, Brazil and Mexico.
Limmud in Asia and Oceania.
Limmud's first event in China, planned by members of the Beijing and Shanghai Jewish communities, was held in 2012.
Limmud events have been held in Australia (Sydney and Melbourne), Hong Kong and New Zealand.
Limmud Oz.
A delegation from Sydney, Australia came to Limmud's conference in 1996. This led to a Limmud Oz group being formed which launched its first activity in 1999 in Sydney. Later they went into an alternative years format with a biennial gathering in Melbourne. Through a joint venture with Partnership 2000 and Keren Hayesod Australia they have been the impetus for the launch in 2009 of the Limmud Arava programme which replicates the UK relationship with the Northern Galil.
In June 2012, Limmud Oz announced that the following pro-Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions groups would not be allowed to participate: "Vivienne Porzsolt, a spokeswoman for Jews Against the Occupation, who was detained in Israel last year en route to the flotilla to Gaza; Avigail Abarbanel, the editor of Beyond Tribal Loyalties, who renounced her Israeli citizenship in 2001; and Peter Slezak, a co-founder of the far-left advocacy group Independent Australian Jewish Voices." In addition, they are allowing "the president of the Australian Palestinian Advocacy Network, a representative of the Islamic Council of Victoria and a Palestinian academic."
Limmud in Israel.
Limmud in the Galil started through the connection between the British Jewish community and its Partnership 2000 community in the Northern Galil. The first conference was held in 2001. Limmud FSU (for Russian speakers) held in first conference in Ashkelon in 2007, followed by conferences in Jerusalem starting in 2008. Limmud Arava, commencing in 2009, was based on the Galil P2k model and came from the Australian P2k link. Limmud Negev and Limmud Modiin, starting in 2009 and 2010, have been developed in conjunction with Melitz and the local communities.
Limmud Modiin held its first event in June 2010. Limmud Jerusalem held an event on 10 May 2012.
Limmud in Western Europe.
France: Limmud France (Limoud) has held an annual gathering in Paris each November and smaller day events in Lyon and in Paris.
Germany: Sophie Mahlo, Toby Axelrod and others have organised annual multi-day Limmud festivals since 2008 near Berlin, and they are now helping local teams run one-day events in other cities, including Munich, Cologne/NRW and Frankfurt.
Netherlands: There had been growing numbers coming from the Netherlands to the Limmud conference in the UK such that in 1998 they decided to have a day event in Amsterdam. This was run with the help of the Jewish Welfare Board and was hosted for a number of years. Since 2007 it has been run strictly as a volunteer-run event. In 2010, Limmoed NL ran from Sunday evening to Monday during a holiday-weekend.
Sweden: Educators from the Hillel school in Stockholm have been coming since the 1980s to Limmud. Rabbi Morton Narrowe, then Chief Rabbi of Stockholm, led a larger group in the early 1990s. In 1994 the community dovetailed a tour with Debbie Friedman and the Kelmans with Limmud in the UK. However it was not until 2008 that Limmud Stockholm launched its first activity.
In Lund, a University town in Southern Sweden, a Limmud Lund launched its first activity in March 2012 ("LundaLimmud").
Switzerland: As they decided to pay presenters, they ran a Limmud inspired activity called Yom Iyun in Basle and in more recent years in Zurich.
Limmud in Central Europe and the former Soviet Union.
Limmud FSU was created in 2006 by Chaim Chesler and Sandra Cahn. They have co-ordinated a cadre of volunteers who have created major Limmud activities for young Russians in several cities including gatherings in Moscow (2005 & 2010), Ukraine (2007, 2009 & 2010), Israel (2007 & 2010), Birobidzhan (2009), New York (2009 & 2010), and New Jersey (2012 & 2013).
In 2002 Andres Spokoiny, then JDC Baltics Director, who had been to Limmud as a youth worker in 1992, organised a Limmud in the Baltics conference in Vilnius, which and gathered over 1000 people from a Jewish community in the Baltic states( Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) of less than 20,000.
There are now Limmud groups in Hungary, Romania, Poland, Bulgaria, Romania (Bucharest, Timișoara & Iasi), former Yugoslavia (Serbia/Croatia), Russia (Moscow, Birobdijan) and Ukraine (Yalta, Lviv and Odessa).
In 2012 more than 400 young Jews from Moldova and the southern region of Ukraine came together in the city of Chisinau, for the first Limmud FSU (former Soviet Union) conference in Moldova.
Limmud Turkey.
Limmud started in Turkey in 2005 with the introduction of the project by Lina Filiba from the Turkish Jewish community and with the leadership of Gina Alkash and Tony Hananel working together with an active volunteer steering committee as well as a group of young adult volunteers from the Jewish community in Istanbul. Regularly attracting over 1100 people to their activities, Limmud Turkey takes place once a year in autumn.
Limmud South Africa.
Limmud events have been held in South Africa (Johannesburg, Cape Town & Durban).

</doc>
<doc id="36784052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784052" title="Perron (architecture)">
Perron (architecture)

A perron (French; ) is a stone column, often decorated with a globus cruciger, that was erected in cities belonging to the erstwhile Prince-Bishopric of Liège (980-1795). They were primarily built in the so-called Good Cities (, ) that formed the primary towns of the polity. Many survive, though not in their original form.
The columns came to symbolise local freedom and autonomy (initially bishopric autonomy, later urban autonomy). This stemmed from their function as place where laws were stated, and justice was administered. However, the actual origin of the symbols of the column is unclear. In 1467, after recapturing the rebellious city of Liège, Charles the Bold, Duke of Burgundy had the city's perron dismantled and removed to Bruges, not to be returned until after his death. This was "viewed both as a punishment of the people of Liège and as a clear warning to any Flemish subjects who might be tempted to question the duke's authority".
Locations of "perrons".
The former cities of the Prince-Bishrophic where perrons have been built are nowadays located in multiple regions and provinces of Belgium, in addition to one in the Netherlands (that of Maastricht, which was a condominium of the Prince-Bishopric and the Duchy of Brabant during the Middle Ages).
Legacy.
A perron is featured in the coat of arms of the city of Liège and has become a badge of the city. It is also featured on the cap badge of the 12th Regiment of the Line.

</doc>
<doc id="36784073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784073" title="Talaat Najm">
Talaat Najm

Talaat Najm (born 18 September 1968) is a Lebanese football referee. He has refereed at the AFC Asian Cup and he has also been a regular referee at the AFC Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="36784100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784100" title="Microbotryaceae">
Microbotryaceae

Microbotryaceae is a family of Basidiomycota fungi in the order Microbotryales.

</doc>
<doc id="36784116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784116" title="Demiryurt, Karaman">
Demiryurt, Karaman

Demiryurt is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. It is situated to the west of Karadağ an excint volcano. Its distance to Karaman is . The population of the village was 247 as of 2011. The main economic activity of the village is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="36784146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784146" title="List of plants known as tōtara">
List of plants known as tōtara

Tōtara is a Māori common name for the tree species "Podocarpus totara". The term may also refer to other similar species in the genus "Podocarpus":

</doc>
<doc id="36784147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784147" title="Çoğlu, Karaman">
Çoğlu, Karaman

Çoğlu is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. It is situated to the east of Karadağ, an extinct volcano. Its distance to Karaman is . The population of the village was 754 as of 2011. The village was founded in 1748 by Turkmens as a caravan stop on the road to Mecca for pilgrimage. It was also a market town, and the name Çoğlu (roughly meaning "lots of people") refers to crowd in the market days. The main economic activity is agriculture. Cereals are the main products. Sugar beet is also produced. Since there is no river nearby, the irrigation water is supplied by pumping. Animal breeding, especially ovine breeding, is a secondary activity.

</doc>
<doc id="36784170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784170" title="Sun Baojie">
Sun Baojie

Sun Baojie (Chinese: 孙葆洁; born 2 January 1965) is a retired Chinese football referee. 
He has refereed internationally in the AFC Asian Cup, Tiger Cup, and qualifiers for the 1998, 2006, and 2010 World Cups. Sun officiated the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship, taking charge of the opening match between Argentina and Finland. He is also a referee at the AFC Champions League and Chinese Super League. During 1999, Sun also spent a stint in Major League Soccer as part of a referee exchange program.
After reaching the FIFA age limit and retiring as a match official, Sun has served as a member of the Refereeing Committee of the Asian Football Confederation.

</doc>
<doc id="36784171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784171" title="Burunoba, Karaman">
Burunoba, Karaman

Burunoba is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. It is situated to the east of Karadağ an excint volcano. Its distance to Karaman is . The population of the village was 226 as of 2011. The village was founded in 1873 by Turkmens. Main economic activity is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="36784197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36784197" title="Boyalıtepe, Karaman">
Boyalıtepe, Karaman

Boyalıtepe (formerly Gameni or Kamani) is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. It is situated to the east of Karadağ an excint volcano. Its distance to Karaman is . The population of the village was 321 as of 2011. The village was founded in the 18th century by Bekdik tribe of Turkmens who had migrated from Kaman. The former name Gamani may refer to Kaman. Initially it was a neighbourhood of a nearby village. But in 1935 it was issued from the nearby village and was declared a village named Boyalıtepe referring to a hill in the village which is covered by rubia ().

</doc>
