<doc id="36755364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755364" title="RTP MIDI">
RTP MIDI

RTP-MIDI (also known as AppleMIDI) is a protocol to transport MIDI messages within RTP (Real-time Protocol) packets over Ethernet and WiFi networks. It is completely open and free (no license is needed), and is compatible both with LAN and WAN application fields. Compared to MIDI 1.0, RTP-MIDI includes new features like session management, device synchronization and detection of lost packets (with automatic regeneration of lost data). RTP-MIDI is compatible with real-time applications, and supports sample-accurate synchronization for each MIDI message.
History of RTP-MIDI.
In 2004, John Lazzaro and John Wawrzynek, from UC Berkeley, made a presentation in front of AES named "An RTP payload for MIDI".
In 2006, the document was submitted to IETF and received the number RFC 4695. In parallel, another document was released by Lazzaro and Wawrzynek to give details about practical implementation of the RTP-MIDI protocol, especially the journalling mechanism.
RFC 4695 has been obsoleted by RFC 6295 in 2011 (the protocol has not changed between the two version of the RFC documents, the last one contains correction of errors found in RFC 4695)
The MMA (MIDI Manufacturers Association) has created a page on its website in order to provide basic informations related to RTP-MIDI protocol. A central information website (aiming end users and implementors) has also been created in order to answer questions related to RTP-MIDI.
Apple's RTP MIDI implementation (AppleMIDI).
Apple Computers introduced RTP-MIDI as a part of their operating system Mac OS X v10.4 in 2005. The RTP-MIDI driver is reached using the Network icon in the MIDI/Audio Configuration tool (in Utilities folder). Apple's implementation follows strictly the RFC 4695 for RTP payload and journalling system, but uses a dedicated session management protocol (they do not follow RFC 4695 session management proposal). This protocol is displayed in Wireshark as "AppleMIDI" (see below)
Apple also created a dedicated class in their mDNS implementations (known as "Bonjour"). Devices which comply to this class appear automatically in Apple's RTP-MIDI configuration panel as participant's directory, making the Apple MIDI system fully 'Plug & Play'.
It's however possible to enter manually IP addresses and ports in this directory, to connect to devices which do not support Bonjour.
Apple also introduced RTP-MIDI support in iOS4, but such devices can not be session initiators.
The RTP-MIDI driver from Apple creates virtual MIDI ports (named "Sessions") which are available as MIDI ports in any software (like sequencers or software instruments) using CoreMIDI, where they appear as a pair of MIDI IN / MIDI OUT ports (like any other MIDI 1.0 port or USB MIDI ports).
RTP-MIDI embedded implementation.
In 2006, the Dutch company Kiss-Box presented a first embedded implementation of RTP-MIDI, in different products like MIDI or LTC interfaces. These devices comply with AppleMIDI implementation (using the same session management protocol), in order to be compatible with the other devices and operating system using this protocol.
A proprietary driver was initially developed by this company for Windows XP, but it was restricted to the communication with their devices (it was not possible to connect a PC with a Mac computer using this driver). The support of this driver was dropped in 2012 in favor of the standard approach when rtpMIDI driver for Windows became available.
Kiss-Box announced released in 2012 a new generation of CPU boards (named "V3") which support the session initiator functionnalities (these models are able to establish sessions with other RTP-MIDI devices without requiring a computer as a control point).
During NAMM2013, the Canadian company iConnectivity presented a new interface named iConnectivity4+ which supports RTP-MIDI and allows direct bridging between USB and RTP-MIDI devices.
Mackie has integrated RTP-MIDI in the DL Series mixing desks. These mixing desks use iPads as Human Machine Interfaces, and they can be remotely controlled over Ethernet/WiFi by up to 10 devices (the number of devices is limited by the fact the mixer acts as a session initiator, since iPads can only be session listeners)
RTP-MIDI driver for Windows.
Tobias Erichsen released in 2010 a Windows implementation of Apple's RTP-MIDI driver. This driver works under XP, Vista, Windows 7, and Windows 8, 32 and 64 bit versions. The driver uses a configuration panel very similar to the Apple's one, and is fully compliant with Apple's implementation. It can then be used to connect a Windows machine with a Macintosh computer, but also embedded systems. As with Apple's driver, the Windows driver creates virtual MIDI ports, which become visible from any MIDI application running on the PC (access is done through mmsystem layer, like all other MIDI ports).
RTP-MIDI on Linux.
RTP-MIDI support for Linux has been reactivated after an idle period in February 2013. Availability of drivers have been announced on some forums, based on the original work of Nicolas Falquet and Dominique Fober. A specific implementation for Raspberry PI computer is also being developed, based on the MIDIKit open source project 
RTP-MIDI on iOS.
Apple added full CoreMIDI support in their iOS devices in 2010, allowing the development of MIDI applications for iPhone, iPad and iPods. MIDI became then available from the docking port in form of a USB controller (to allow connection of USB MIDI devices using the "Apple Camera Kit"), but it was also available in form of a RTP-MIDI session listener over WiFi.
iOS devices do not support session initiation functionnalities, which requires the use of an external session initiator on the network to open a RTP-MIDI session with the iPad. This session initiator can be a Mac computer or a Windows computer with the RTP-MIDI driver activated, or an embedded RTP-MIDI device.
The RTP-MIDI session appears under the name "Network MIDI" to all CoreMIDI applications on iOS, and no specific development is required to add RTP-MIDI support in the iOS application (the MIDI port is virtualized by CoreMIDI, so the programmer just need to open a MIDI connection. He does not need to care if the port is connected to USB or RTP-MIDI)
It shall be noticed that some complaints arose about the use of the MIDI over USB with iOS devices, since the iPad/iPhone must provide power supply to the external device. Some USB MIDI adapters are drawing too much current for the iPad, which limits the current and blocks the startup of the device (which does not appear as available to the application). This problem is avoided by the use of RTP-MIDI.
RTP-MIDI under Javascript.
Since June 2013, a Javascript implementation of RTP-MIDI, created by J.Dachtera, is available as an open-source project. The source code is based on Apple's session management protocol, and can act as a session initiator and session listener.
RTP-MIDI under Java.
Cross-platform Java implementations of RTP-MIDI are possible, particularly 'nmj' library.
RTP-MIDI under WinRT.
The WinRTP-MIDI project is an open-source implementation of RTP-MIDI protocol stack under Windows RT. The code was initially designed to be portable between the various versions of Windows, but the last version has been optimized for WinRT, in order to simplify the design of applications for Windows Store.
RTP-MIDI support in Arduino and MIDIBox open source communities.
In December 2013, two members of the MIDIBox DIY (Do It Yourself) group started to work on a first software version of MIOS (MIDIBox Operating System) including RTP-MIDI support over a fast SPI link. In order to simplify integration, it was decided to use an external network processor board handling the whole protocol stack. A first beta version was released in the second week of January 2014. The first official software has been released during first week of March 2014.
The protocol used on the SPI link between the MIOS processor and the network processor is based on the same format than USB (using 32 bits words containing a complete MIDI message) and has been proposed as an open standard for communication between network processor modules and MIDI application boards.
RTP-MIDI has been included in Arduino open platform in November 2013 (under the name "AppleMIDI library"). The software module can run either on Arduino modules with integrated Ethernet adapter (like the pcDuino) or run on the "Ethernet shield" and does not require a dedicated "shield" like for proprietary protocols.
Driverless use of RTP-MIDI.
Since RTP-MIDI is based on UDP/IP, any application can implement the protocol directly, without needing any driver. The drivers are needed only when users want to make the networked MIDI ports appear as a standard MIDI port. For example, some Max/MSP objects and VST plugins have been developed following this methodology.
RTP-MIDI protocol elements.
RFC 4695/RFC 6295 split the RTP-MIDI implementation in different parts. The only mandatory one (which defines compliance to RTP-MIDI specification) is the payload format. The journalling part is optional (but RTP-MIDI packets shall indicate that they have an empty journal, so the journal is always present in the RTP-MIDI packet, even if it is empty)
The session initiation/management part is purely informational (and was not used by Apple, who created its own session management protocol)
Sessions.
RTP-MIDI sessions are in charge of creating a virtual path between two RTP-MIDI devices, and they appear as a MIDI IN / MIDI OUT pair from the application point of view.
RFC 6295 proposes to use SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) and SDP (Session Description Protocol), but Apple decided to create its own session management protocol. Apple's protocol allows to link the sessions with names used on Bonjour, and also offers clock synchronization service.
A given session is always created between two, and only two participants (each session being used to detect potential message loss between the two participants). However, a given session controller can open multiple sessions in parallel, which allows in return the capabilities described hereafter (splitting / merging / distributed patchbay). On the diagram given here, device 1 has therefore two sessions being opened at the same time (one with device 2 and another one with device 3), but the two sessions in device 1 appear as the same virtual MIDI interface to the final user.
AppleMIDI session participants.
AppleMIDI implementation defines two kind of session controllers: session initiators and session listeners. Session initiators are in charge of inviting the session listeners, and are responsible of the clock synchronization sequence.
Session initiators can generally be session listeners, but some devices (e.g.: iOS devices) can be session listeners only.
MIDI merging.
RTP-MIDI devices are able to merge different MIDI streams without needing any specific component (MIDI 1.0 devices require "MIDI mergers"). As it can be seen on the diagram, when a session controller is connected to two or more remote sessions, it merges automatically the MIDI streams coming from the distant devices, without requiring any specific configuration.
MIDI splitting ("MIDI THRU").
RTP-MIDI devices are able to duplicate MIDI streams from one session to any number of remote sessions without requiring any "MIDI THRU" support device. When a RTP-MIDI session is connected to two or more remote sessions, all the remote sessions receive a copy of the MIDI data sent from the source.
Distributed patchbay concept.
RTP-MIDI sessions are also able to provide intrinsically the "patchbay" feature, which was requiring a separate hardware device with MIDI 1.0 connections. A MIDI 1.0 patchbay is an hardware device which allows dynamic connections between a set of MIDI inputs and a set of MIDI outputs, most of the time in the form of a matrix. The concept of "dynamic" connection is made in opposition to the classical use of MIDI 1.0 lines where cables were connected "statically" between two devices. Rather than establishing the data path between devices in form of a cable, the patchbay becomes a central point where all MIDI devices are connected. The software in the MIDI patchbay is configured to define then which MIDI input goes to which MIDI output, and the user can change this configuration at any moment, without needing to disconnect the MIDI DIN cables.
The "patchbay" hardware modules are not needed anymore with RTP-MIDI, thanks to the session concept. The sessions are, by definition, virtual paths established over the network between two MIDI ports. No specific software is then needed to perform the patchbay functions since the configuration process is precisely defining the destinations for each MIDI stream produced by a given MIDI device. It is then possible to change at any time these virtual paths just by changing the destination IP addresses used by each session initiator. The "patch" configuration formed in this way can stored in non-volatile memory, to allow the patch to reform automatically when the setup is powered, but they can also be changed directly (like with the RTP-MIDI Manager software tool or with the RTP-MIDI drivers control panels) at RAM level.
The "distributed patchbay" term comes from the fact that the different RTP-MIDI devices can distributed geographically all over the complete MIDI setup, while MIDI 1.0 patchbay were forcing the different MIDI devices to be physically located directly around the patchbay device itself.
Apple's session protocol.
RFC6295 document proposes to use SDP (Session Description Protocol) and SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) protocols in order to establish and manage sessions between RTP-MIDI partner. These two protocols are however quite heavy to implement especially on small systems, especially since they do not constrain any of the parameters enumerated in the session descriptor (like sampling frequency, which defines in turn all fields related to timing data both in RTP headers and RTP-MIDI payload). Moreover, RFC6295 document only suggests to use these protocols, allowing any other protocol to be used, leading to potential incompatibilities between suppliers.
Apple has then decided to create their own protocol, imposing all parameters related to synchronization like the sampling frequency. This session protocol is called "AppleMIDI" in Wireshark software. Session management with AppleMIDI protocol requires two UDP ports, the first one is called "Control Port", the second one is called "Data Port". When used within a multithread implementation, only the Data port requires a "real-time" thread, the other port can be controlled by a normal priority thread. These two ports must be located at two consecutive location (n / n+1), the first one can be any of the 65536 possible ports.
There is no constraint about the number of sessions which can be opened simultaneously on the set of UDP ports with AppleMIDI protocol. It is then possible to either create one port group per session manager, or use only one group for multiple sessions (which limits the memory footprint in the system). In this last case, the IP stack provides resources to identify partners from their IP address and ports numbers (this functionality is called "socket reuse" and is available in most modern IP implementations)
All AppleMIDI protocol messages use a common structure of 4 words of 32 bits, with a header containing two bytes with value 255, followed by two bytes describing the meaning of the message:
These messages control a state machine related to each session (for example, this state machine forbids any MIDI data exchange until a session reaches the "opened" state)
Invitation sequence.
Opening a session starts with an invitation sequence. The first session partner (the "Session Initiator") sends an IN message to the control port of the second partner. This one answers by sending an OK message if it accepts to open the session, or by a NO message if it does not accept the invitation.
If invitation is accepted on control port, the same sequence is repeated on data port.
Once invitations have been accepted on both ports, the state machine goes into synchronization phase.
Synchronization sequence.
The synchronization sequence allows both session participants to share informations related to their local clocks. This phase allows to compensate the latency induced by the network, and also permits to support the "future timestamping" (see "Latency" chapter below)
The session initiator sends a first message (named CK0) to the remote partner, giving its local time on 64 bits (Note that this is not an absolute time, but a time related to a local reference, generally given in microseconds since the startup of operating system kernel). This time is expressed on 10 kHz sampling clock basis (100 microseconds per increment)
The remote partner must answer to this message with a CK1 message, containing its own local time on 64 bits. Both partners then know the difference between their respective clocks and can determine the offset to apply to Timestamp and Deltatime fields in RTP-MIDI protocol.
The session initiator finishes this sequence by sending a last message called CK2, containing the local time when it received the CK1 message. This technique allows to compute the average latency of the network, and also to compensate a potential delay introduced by a slow starting thread (this situation can occur with non-realtime operating systems like Linux, Windows or OS X)
Apple recommends to repeat this sequence a few times just after opening the session, in order to get better synchronization accuracy (in case of one of the sequence has been delayed accidentally because of a temporary network overload or a latency peak in a thread activation)
This sequence must repeat cyclically (between 2 and 6 times per minute typically), and always by the session initiator, in order to maintain long term synchronization accuracy by compensation of local clock drift, and also to detect a loss of communication partner. A partner not answering to multiple CK0 messages shall consider that the remote partner is disconnected. In most cases, session initiators switch their state machine into "Invitation" state in order to re-establish communication automatically as soon as the distant partner reconnects to the network. Some implementations (especially on personal computers) display also an alert message and offer to the user to choose between a new connection attempt or closing the session.
Journal update.
The journalling mechanism permits to detect MIDI messages loss and allows the receiver to generate missing data without needing any retransmission. The journal keeps in memory "MIDI images" for the different session partners at different moments. However, it is useless to keep in memory the journalling data corresponding to events received correctly by a session partner. Each partner then sends cyclically to the other partner the RS message, indicating the last sequence number received correctly (in other terms, without any gap between two sequence numbers). The sender can then free the memory containing old journalling data if necessary.
Disconnection of session's partner.
A session partner can ask at any moment to leave a session (which will close the session in return). This is done using the BY message. When a session partner receives this message, it closes immediately the session with the remote partner which sent the message, and it frees all resources allocated to this session. It must be noted that this message can be sent by the session initiator or by the session listener ("invited" partner).
Latency.
The most common concern about RTP-MIDI is related to latency issues (which is basically the most common discussion topic related to all modern Digital Audio Workstations), mainly because it uses the IP stack. It can however easily be shown that a correctly programmed RTP-MIDI application or driver does not exhibit more latency than other communication methods.
Moreover, RTP-MIDI as described in RFC 6295 contains a latency compensation mechanism (a similar mechanism is found in most plugins, which can inform the host of the latency they add on the processing path. The host can then send samples to the plugin in advance, so the samples are ready and sent synchronously with other audio streams). The compensation mechanism described in RF6295 uses a relative timestamp system, based on the MIDI deltatime (as described in ) Each MIDI event transported in the RTP payload has a leading deltatime value, related to the current payload time origin (defined by the Timestamp field in RTP header).
Each MIDI event in the RTP-MIDI payload can then be strictly synchronized with the global clock. The synchronization accuracy directly depends on the clock source defined when opening the RTP-MIDI session. RFC 6295 gives some examples based on an audio sampling clock, in order to get a sample accurate timestamping of MIDI events. Apple's RTP-MIDI implementation (as all other related implementations like rtpMIDI driver for Windows or KissBox embedded systems) use a fixed clock rate of 10 kHz rather than a sampling audio rate. The timing accuracy of all MIDI events is then 100 microseconds for these implementations.
Sender and receiver clocks are synchronized when the session is initiated, and they are kept synchronized during the whole session period by the regular synchronization cycles, controlled by the session initiators. This mechanism has the capability to compensate any latency, from a few hundreds of microseconds (as seen on LAN applications) to seconds (being able then to compensate the latency introduced by the Web for example, allowing real-time execution of music piece over the Internet)
This mechanism is however mainly designed for pre-recorded MIDI streams, like the one coming from a sequencer track. When RTP-MIDI is used for real-time applications (e.g. controlling devices from a RTP-MIDI compatible keyboard ), deltatime is mostly set to the specific value of 0, which means that the related MIDI event shall be interpreted as soon as it is received). With such usecase, the latency compensation mechanism described previously can not be used.
The latency which can be obtained is then directly related to the different networking components involved in the communication path between the RTP-MIDI devices:
Application processing time.
Application processing time is generally tightly controlled, since MIDI tasks are most often real-time tasks. In most cases, the latency comes directly from the thread latency which can be obtained on a given operating system (typically 1-2 ms max on Windows and Mac OS systems. Systems with real-time kernel can achieve much better results, down to 100 microseconds). This time can be considered as constant whatever the communication support (MIDI 1.0, USB, RTP-MIDI, etc...), since the processing threads are operating on a different level than the communication related threads/tasks.
IP stack processing time.
IP stack processing time is the most critical one, since the communication process goes under operating system control. This applies to any communication protocol (IP related or not), since most operating systems (including Windows, Mac OS or Linux) do not allow direct access to the Ethernet adapter. In particular, a common mistake is to conflate "raw sockets" with "direct access to network" (sockets being the entry point to send and receive data over network in most operating systems). A "raw socket" is a socket which allows an application to send any packet using any protocol (the application is then responsible to build the telegram following given protocol rules), while "direct access" would require system-level access which is restricted to the operating system kernel. A packet sent using a raw socket can then be delayed by the operating system if the network adapter is currently being used by another application (thus, an IP packet can perfectly be sent to the network before a packet related to a raw socket). Technically speaking, access to a given network card is controlled by "semaphores".
IP stacks need to correlate Ethernet addresses (MAC address) and IP addresses, using a specific protocol named ARP. When a RTP-MIDI application wants to send a packet to a remote device, it must locate it first on the network (since Ethernet does not understand IP related concepts), in order to create the transmission path between the routers/switches. This is done automatically by the IP stack by sending first an ARP request (Address Recognition Protocol). When the destination device recognizes its own IP address in the ARP packet, it sends back an ARP reply with its MAC address. The IP stack can then send the RTP-MIDI packet. The next RTP-MIDI packets do not need the ARP sequence anymore (apart if the link becomes inactive for a few minutes, which clears the ARP entry in the sender's routing table)
This ARP sequence can take a few seconds, which can in turn introduce noticeable latency, at least for the first RTP-MIDI packet. However, Apple's implementation solved this issue in an elegant manner, using the session control protocol. The session protocol uses the same ports than the RTP-MIDI protocol itself. The ARP sequence then takes places during the session initiation sequence. When the RTP-MIDI application wants to send the first RTP-MIDI packet, the computer's routing tables are already initialized with the correct destination MAC addresses, which avoids any latency for the first packet.
Beside the ARP sequence, the IP stack itself requires computations to prepare the packets headers (IP header, UDP header and RTP header). With modern processors, this preparation is extremely fast and takes only a few microseconds, which is negligible compared to the application latency itself. As described before, once prepared, a RTP-MIDI packet can only be delayed when it tries to reach the network adapter if the adapter is already being transmitting another packet (whatever the socket is an IP one or a "raw" one). However, the latency introduced at this level is generally extremely low since the driver threads in charge of the network adapters have very high priority. Moreover, most network adapters have FIFO buffers at hardware level, so the packets can be stored for immediate transmission in the network adapter itself without needing the driver thread to be executed first. The best solution to keep the latency related to "adapter access competition" as low as possible is to reserve the network adapter to MIDI communication only and use a different network adapter for other network usages (like file sharing or Internet browsing)
Network components routing time.
The different components used to transmit Ethernet packets between the computers (whatever the protocols being used) are introducing latency too. All modern network switches use the "store and forward" technology, in which packets are stored in the switch before they are sent to the next switch. However, the switching times are most often negligible (a 64 bytes packet on 100Mbit/s network takes around 5.1 microseconds to be forwarded by each network switch. A complex network with 10 switches on a given path introduces then a latency of 51 microseconds)
The latency is however directly related to the network load itself (since the switches will delay a packet until the previous one is transmitted). The computation/measure of the real latency introduced by the network components can be a hard task, and shall involve representative usecase (for example, measuring the latency between two networked devices connected to the same network switch will always give excellent results). As said in the previous section, the best solution to limit the latency introduced by the network components is to use separate networks. However, this is far less critical for network components than for network adapters in computers.
Expected latency for real-time applications.
As it can be seen, the exact latency obtained for RTP-MIDI link depends on many parameters, most of them being related to the operating systems themselves (this also apply for any kind of network communication).
Measurements made by the different RTP-MIDI actors give latency times from a few hundreds of microseconds for embedded systems using real-time operating systems, up to 3 milliseconds when computers running general purpose operating systems (Windows, Mac OS, Linux) are involved.
Latency enhancement (sub millisecond latency).
The AES started a working group named SC-02-12H in 2010 in order to demonstrate the capability of using RTP payloads in IP networks for very low latency applications. The draft proposal issued by the group in May 2013 demonstrate that it is possible to achieve RTP streaming for live applications, with a latency value as low as 125 microseconds.
This proves that arguments used against RTP-MIDI because it uses IP stack are not valid, since all required standard solutions exist in order to reach very low latency for RTP payloads on LAN.
Configuration.
The other most common concern related to RTP-MIDI is the configuration process, since the physical connection of a device to a network is not enough to ensure communication with another device. Since RTP-MIDI is based on IP protocol stack, the different layers involved in the communication process must be configured (IP address and UDP ports configuration).
In order to simplify this configuration, different solutions have been proposed, the most common being "Zero Configuration" set of technologies, also known as Zeroconf.
RFC 3927 describes a common method to automatically assign IP addresses, which is used by most RTP-MIDI compatible products. Once connected to the IP network, such a device becomes able to assign itself an IP address (with IP address conflict automatic resolution). If the device follows port assignation recommendation from RTP specification, the device becomes "Plug&Play" from the network point of view. It is then possible to create completely a RTP-MIDI network without needing to define any IP address and/or UDP port numbers. It must be noticed however that these methods are generally reserved to small setups. Complete automation of the network configuration is generally avoided on big setups, since the localization of faulty devices can become complex, because there will be no direct relationship between the IP address which has been selected by the Zeroconf system and the physical location of the device. A minimum configuration would be then to assign a name to the device before connecting it to the network, which voids the "true Plug&Play" concept in that case.
One must note that the "Zero Configuration" concept is restricted to network communication layers. It is technically impossible to perform the complete installation of any networked device (related to MIDI or not) just by abstracting the addressing layer. A practical usecase which illustrates this limitation is a RTP-MIDI sound generator that has to be controlled from a MIDI master keyboard connected to a RTP-MIDI interface. Even if the sound generator and the MIDI interface integrate the "Zero Configuration" services, they are unable to know by themselves that they need to establish a session together, because the IP configuration services are acting at a different levels. Any networked MIDI system, whatever the protocol used to exchange MIDI data (based on IP or not) then requires the mandatory use of a configuration tool to define the exchanges that have to take place between the devices after they have been connected to the network. This configuration tool can be an external management tool running on a computer, or be embedded in the application software of a device in form of a configuration menu if the device integrates a Human-Machine Interface.

</doc>
<doc id="36755387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755387" title="Lee Mi-gyeong">
Lee Mi-gyeong

Lee Mi-Gyeong (born 2 October 1991) is a South Korean handball player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the South Korea women's national handball team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36755398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755398" title="Maximilian Pirner">
Maximilian Pirner

Maximilian Pirner (; February 13, 1854, Schüttenhofen (), Bohemia April 2, 1924, Prague) was a Czech painter. A member of the Vienna Secession and associated with the Czech Secession art movements, Pirner's usual themes were classical mythology (such as his "Medusa" (1891) and "Hecate" (or "Hekate") (1901)) and the macabre (such as "Sleepwalker" (or "Girl in Her Nightie Walks on the Window-Ledge") (1878), "Daemon Love" (1893), and "Allegory of Death" (1895)). Pirner also completed a number of sketches of female figures, many of them nudes.
Described by one critic as having achieved "mastery of the sinuous line". Pirner also had his detractors. One contemporary critic, while acknowledging Pirner's talent, considered him an "over-sophisticated 
mystic."

</doc>
<doc id="36755414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755414" title="Cedar Fort School">
Cedar Fort School

The Cedar Fort School is a historic two-room schoolhouse on Center Street in the center of Cedar Fort, Utah. The structure was built in 1909 and reflects a Victorian Eclectic style with some Prairie School elements. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36755422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755422" title="Jorge Brito">
Jorge Brito

Jorge Brito may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755439" title="The Kellys of Tobruk">
The Kellys of Tobruk

The Kellys of Tobruk was a comedy feature film directed by Rupert Kathner which was meant to be released in 1942 but appears to have been abandoned after Kathner's company, Fanfare, was taken over by Supreme Sound System.
Kathner and his partner Alma Brooks were later charged with conspiracy to defraud by investors in Fanfare Films, but were acquitted.

</doc>
<doc id="36755443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755443" title="Milán Kalász">
Milán Kalász

Milán Kalász (born 30 April 1992 in Ajka) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Szombathelyi Haladás.
Club statistics.
"Updated to games played as of 22 September 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="36755450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755450" title="Hussainsagar Lake and Catchment Area Improvement Project">
Hussainsagar Lake and Catchment Area Improvement Project

Hussainsagar Lake and Catchment Area Improvement Project is a project led by Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority to improve the quality of Hussain Sagar Lake "(pictured)" in Hyderabad, India.
Background.
Hussain Sagar Lake was built in 1562 during the reign of the Qutb Shahi dynasty at Golkonda. It is an artificial lake built on a tributary of River Musi. The lake joins the cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad besides adding an aesthetic appeal to the twin cities. The lake water was utilized for irrigation and drinking water needs from 1884 until 1930. The total catchment area of the lake is . Through four main feeder nullahs – Picket Nalla, Kukatpally Nalla, Banjara Nalla and Balkapur Nalla – water from the catchment area reaches the lake.
Urbanization and rapid industrialization developed Hyderabad into a metropolis. Today the city is well known for its state-of-the-art infrastructure for information technology and information technology enabled services industry. Besides this, several heavy industries were also setup in the city.
Since 1930, the lake gradually started receiving sewage and industrial effluents through the feeder nullahs. The Picket Nalla discharges mostly domestic sewage throughout the year into the lake from the north-eastern side. Similarly the Banjara Nalla (from north-western side) and Balkapur Nalla (from western side) discharge mostly domestic sewage into the lake. The Kukatpally Nalla was seen to be discharging a mix of domestic sewage and industrial effluents into the lake from the northern side. This practice of discharging municipal sewage, industry effluents and storm-water from over 240 square kilometres increased the content of organic matter, nitrogen and phosphorus. This suspended organic matter, rich in nutrients, caused eutrophication that allowed growth of algal blooms and water hyacinth.
Over the years, the twin cities have seen idol immersion during the festivals of Ganesh Chaturthi and Dasara. As a part of this religious ritual, idols of the worshiped deities along with flowers, leaves and other material are immersed into water bodies. As of 2011, about 40,000 idols were expected to be immersed in the Hussain Sagar Lake. Besides adding silt, studies indicate that these immersions have increased the pollution levels in the lake over the last few years. A 2009 survey shows that the chemical oxygen demand and biochemical oxygen demand in the water body increased drastically after these festivals.
Initiation of the project.
To address the pollution in the lake, the Government of Andhra Pradesh took initiatives to divert the sewage and industrial effluents into treatment plants. The treated water is then released into the lake to improve the quality of water. To further aid these initiatives, the government initiated a project in March 2006. The Japan Bank for International Cooperation provided as an official development assistance loan to the state government. The balance funds were provided by the state government.
The objectives of the project are:
Implementation and results.
The project began implementing steps in March 2008; it was scheduled to conclude in December 2012. Later the project deadline was rescheduled to March 2013.
As a part of the project, seven fountains were installed in the lake in September 2011 to improve the dissolved oxygen content in the water and help aquatic life. The fountains, each of which cost about , have the capacity to pump water to a height of about 40–50 feet. In addition to serving their primary purpose, the fountains also added an aesthetic touch to the look of the lake. Additionally, a new 30 million litres per day (MLD) sewage treatment plant on the Picket Nalla is planned. Upgrade of an existing 20 MLD treatment plant at Hussain Sagar to higher capacity, construction of ring sewers around the lake and a small treatment plant were as a part of the project implementation. An ecological park was also proposed, but it was stalled due to a legal dispute. Besides this, shoreline improvement work at Sanjeevaiah Park was also taken up. Dredging and disposal of sediment was also planned for this project. It was said that dredging from Picket Nalla, Balkapur Nalla and Banjara Nalla will result in extraction of of non-hazardous and nutrient-rich sediment. The disposal of this extract was to be planned together with the state pollution control agency.
As of July 2012, 42.11% of the estimated project cost was spent to achieve the objectives of this project. This expenditure was instrumental in achieving 60% of the project's objectives. Due to the slow progress on the project, the media remained skeptical about the timely completion of this project.

</doc>
<doc id="36755476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755476" title="The Pyjama Girl Murder Case">
The Pyjama Girl Murder Case

The Pyjama Girl Murder Case is a dramatised documentary from director Rupert Kathner based on the murder of Linda Agostini.
It was an instalment of the "Australia Today" series and was Australia's first "true crime" movie.

</doc>
<doc id="36755506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755506" title="Eledath Thaikkattu Neelakandan Mooss">
Eledath Thaikkattu Neelakandan Mooss

Eledath Thaikkattu Neelakandan Mooss or E.T.Neelakandan Mooss is an Ayurvedic physician and the founder of Vaidyaratnam Group.
Life Sketch.
After Gurukula schooling in childhood and later at Vailoppilli Sreedhara Menon Memorial Government Vocational Higher Secondary School, he learned Ashtanga Hridayam from Kuttancheri Valiya Aaryan Moose and Manu Moose. He then joined his father "Ashtavaidyan" E. T. Narayana Mooss at the family clinic. In 1954, Neelakandan Mooss founded the Vaidyaratnam Oushadhasala and saw the establishment growing to a include Vaidyaratnam Nursing Home, Vaidyaratnam Ayurveda College and Ayurvedic Research Centre. His son, Eledath Thaikkattu Narayanan Mooss, a recipient of Padmabhushan, succeeded him at the establishment.
Government of India honoured him with prestigious national award Padma Shri in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36755509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755509" title="Aubrey High School">
Aubrey High School

Aubrey High School is a public high school located in the city of Aubrey, Texas, USA and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. It is a part of the Aubrey Independent School District located in east central Denton County and serves students in Aubrey and Krugerville. In 2013, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics.
The Aubrey Chaparrels compete in these sports 
Volleyball, Cross Country, Football, Basketball, Powerlifting, Golf, Baseball & Softball

</doc>
<doc id="36755511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755511" title="Daisy Junor">
Daisy Junor

Daisy Knezovich Junor (July 10, 1919 – April 29, 2012) was a Canadian outfielder who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 6", 140 lb., she batted and threw left-handed.
Basically a line-drive hitter and a fine defensive player, outfielder Daisy Junor was one of the fifty seven girls from Canada who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League during its 12 year history.
Daisy was one of four children born into the family of Chris and Marina Knezovich. She was born and raised in Regina and lived her entire life in the province of Saskatchewan, with the exception of many winters she spent with her spouse Dave Junor in Mesa, Arizona.
Basically a line-drive hitter and speedy base runner, Junor was also a fine defensive player at all three outfield positions, playing mainly as a center fielder for three different teams during her four seasons in the league.
She entered the league in 1946 with the South Bend Blue Sox, playing for them two and a half years before joining the Springfield Sallies (1948) and the Fort Wayne Daisies (1949). Her most productive season came in her rookie year, when she posted career-highs in games played (99), runs (30), hits (60), RBIs (22) and stolen bases (41), while ranking 10th among all outfielders with 17 assists.
After returning to Regina, Junor became an accomplished bowler and golfer. From there, she was a member of the provincial bowling team that represented Saskatchewan in the Western Canada Five Pin Bowling Championships three times, winning both city and provincial titles. In addition, she won five golf club championships, two city championships and a provincial senior ladies golf title.
In 1988, Junor received further recognition when she became part of "Women in Baseball", a permanent display based at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York, which was unveiled to honor the entire All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.
During her life, she was also honoured several times in recognition of her outstanding contribution to sport regionally, nationally and internationally, gaining inductions into the Saskatchewan Sports Hall of Fame (1989), the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum (1998), the Regina Sports Hall of Fame (2004), and the Saskatchewan Baseball Hall of Fame in North Battleford.
Shortly before her death in 2012, the City of Regina honoured Daisy with the naming of Junor Drive in northwest Regina.
Career statistics.
Batting 
Fielding

</doc>
<doc id="36755513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755513" title="Elymus farctus">
Elymus farctus

Elymus farctus is a species of grass known by the common name sand couch-grass It is found in Europe and temperate Asia, and grows from rhizomes. 

</doc>
<doc id="36755521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755521" title="Dwan Smith">
Dwan Smith

Dwan Smith (born January 22, 1944) is an American television and film actress best known for her role as Dolores in the 1976 musical drama, "Sparkle".
Career.
Smith was born and raised in Jackson, Tennessee. In 1972, she made her television debut on the series "Adam-12". This was followed by roles in television movies such as the unsold television film "A Very Missing Person", and "The Couple Takes a Wife". She began making regular appearances on television shows such as "Emergency!", "Room 222", "Sanford & Son", "Ellery Queen", "", "Barnaby Jones", "The Jeffersons", "Joe Forrester" and "Police Story".
In 1975, she was cast in the role of Dolores Williams in the musical drama "Sparkle". She starred opposite singer Irene Cara and Lonette McKee, who portrayed her sisters Sparkle and Sister, respectively. Although the character "Sister" was to be the oldest out of three sisters, Smith (aged 31 at the time) was ten years older than McKee, and fourteen years older than Cara. She was also three years younger than Mary Alice who portrayed their mother, Effie. In the film, she performed backing vocals to the Curtis Mayfield-penned songs, "Something He Can Feel", "Hooked On Your Love", and "Jump", (which were all re-recorded by Aretha Franklin for the entire soundtrack). She continued to make appearances in films such as "Cop on the Beat", "Brothers" (opposite Bernie Casey), the ill-fated and critically panned "The Concorde...Airport '79" and "Hell Squad" followed by her role of Dr. Irma Foster on the groundbreaking soap opera "General Hospital", a role she played from 1987 to 1989. 
Since her role in "Sparkle", Smith largely faded from television and film altogether, appearing in the direct-to-video "MP Da Last Don" (1998) as Master P's mother, "In The Wake" (2000) and "" (2001) as Mrs. Dixon. It marked Smith's last role to date.
On August 3, 2011, Smith recently appeared in a YouTube video via her channel 'mizdwan4' to which she was to reveal her sexuality for the first time. However, the secret comes out as her love and addiction for all types of wigs.

</doc>
<doc id="36755524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755524" title="West Street pedestrian bridges">
West Street pedestrian bridges

The West Street pedestrian bridges are pedestrian bridges that cross the West Side Highway to connect Tribeca and the Financial District of Lower Manhattan with Battery Park City. The bridges were built to allow for alternatives to crossing the busy street. Prior to the September 11th attacks, there were a total of three bridges at these locations: Chambers Street, Vesey Street and Liberty Street. The Vesey Street and Liberty Street bridges connected the former World Trade Center complex directly to the World Financial Center.
The collapse of the Twin Towers destroyed the Vesey Street bridge and heavily damaged the Liberty Street bridge. To improve pedestrian flow, a new bridge was built at Rector Street. Originally it was planned to be temporary, so that a new bridge further south could be built, it has now become permanent. A temporary bridge at Vesey Street opened in November 2003 near the site of its predecessor. Currently, all bridges have ADA access.
Tribeca Bridge.
The Chambers Street Bridge () or the Tribeca Bridge was built in 1994 to improve connections for the northern part of Battery Park City. It connects the Stuyvesant High School inside Battery Park City and the property of the Borough of Manhattan Community College. Although an exit to the street level on the Battery Park City side of the span exists, the bridge connects directly into the Stuyvesant High School, making it a favorable point of access for many of the students there. Designed by Skidmore Owings and Merrill, its lighting display at night has earned it the 1996 IES/NY Lumen Lighting Award.
Vesey Street Bridge.
The first Vesey Street Bridge (), or North Bridge connected the above-ground concourse of the former World Trade Center complex with the World Financial Center, paralleling nearby Vesey Street. It began at a point between 1 WTC and 6 WTC linking the upper levels of the Winter Garden Atrium. The grand marble staircase inside the Winter Garden pavilion provided access to the lower levels of the building and to the adjacent waterfront. The bridge was destroyed in the collapse of 1 WTC during the September 11th attacks.
Because the intersection of Vesey Street and West Street was closed to pedestrians due to the September 11th attacks, ground for a temporary Vesey Street Bridge was broken in August 2003 by then-Governor George E. Pataki. The bridge opened on November 2003 in time for the return of the PATH train to the temporary terminal by the WTC site and connected the southwest corner of Vesey Street and West Street, next to 3 WFC, with the northeast corner, next to 140 West Street (Verizon Building).
The Vesey Street bridge was designed with ADA accessibility in mind, and escalators were installed to allow pedestrians access the bridge without using stairs. The escalator by the World Financial Center, at the western end, opened on April 16, 2004. They were followed by the escalator on the eastern side in June 2004. The elevators at either end opened in the same summer. The elevators and escalators were prone to problems, and an escalator was closed for six months due to a failure. The bridge was met criticism for the breakdowns and also bridge closures due to construction activity at the 1 WTC construction site. Thus residents from the Battery Park City area clamored for the reopening of the Vesey Street walkways across West Street, as an alternative to the bridge. (The elevator and escalator on the east side of the Vesey Street bridge were inoperable for an extended period of time forcing individuals who are unable to climb stairs to cross at Murray Street, which is north of Vesey Street.)
The bridge was finally closed and taken apart on October 7, 2013. At the same time, the crosswalk on the north side of Vesey Street was reopened, The bridge has been replaced by an underground passageway connecting the World Financial Center with the PATH station and ultimately the World Trade Center Transportation Hub, which will connect to the Fulton Center via the Dey Street Passageway. , the temporary bridge is being demolished and replaced by a pedestrian crosswalk.
Liberty Street Bridge.
The original incarnation of the Liberty Street Bridge(), was called the South Bridge, as it was seen as a companion to its Vesey Street counterpart and had a similar design. Due to the attacks, it had sustained significant damage. However, unlike its counterpart, it was extended and repaired and was reopened in April 2002. Since then, the bridge has been revamped and rerouted, due to its location near the World Trade Center site and the construction activity for the Vehicle Security Center and the demolition of the Deutsche Bank Building at 130 Liberty Street. On April 21, 2010, the eastern bridge access point was shifted onto the east side of West Street, from Liberty Street. A pre-fabricated segment was attached to the existing bridge, for use while construction proceeds on both sides along Liberty Street. The new pre-fabricated southward extension was fitted with an elevator for ADA accessibility. It will be connected to the Liberty Park when the latter is complete.
Rector Street Bridge.
With the destruction of the North Bridge and the closure of the South Bridge due to the terrorist attacks, Battery Park City residents sought for safe passage across West Street in the immediate months following September 11, 2001. The Rector Street Bridge () was seen as a temporary solution, as it was planned that a bridge further south would open in its place in the near future. The bridge was designed by SHoP Architects and opened in August 2002. The bridge has a span of , with a ramp on the western end of the bridge.. Much of the bridge was built from pre-fabricated materials, the design of the bridge was a steel box truss system. The panels surrounding the bridge allow natural light to flow through, but it limits the view to disallow people from using it to view the World Trade Center site. In 2006, the New York State Department of Transportation released its proposal to reconstruct West Street into a promenade. The plans do not feature a permanent replacement, suggesting that the first Rector Street Bridge may be permanent. However a renovation was planned then, to keep the bridge in place for another ten years.
Billed by SHoP Architects as "Rector Street Bridge #2", this structure was in fact the renovated version of the bridge. The renovated structure had the truss system replaced by a canopy, that would allow views. However during its immediate opening in October 9, 2009, the elevators were unusable, drawing some outrage from Battery Park City residents. Although designs have been submitted for a permanent bridge at West Thames Street, near the entrance of the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel, it is unsure if the renovated Rector Street Bridge would be demolished in lieu for this bridge. As no timeline has been provided yet, it is also unclear when the West Thames Street Bridge will be opened.

</doc>
<doc id="36755563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755563" title="Andriy Grechylo">
Andriy Grechylo

Andriy Grechylo (), is an Ukrainian historian, heraldist and vexillologist. During his career he has published several books and designed hundreds of coats of arms, flags, banners and seals for over 1000 different municipalities and institutions.
Biography.
Andriy Grechylo was born in November 19, 1963 in Lviv, Ukraine. He studied architecture at the Lviv Polytechnic. Since 1990, he was a research worker (scholar) of the Hrushevskyi Institute of Ukrainian Archeography and Source Studies, National Academy of Science of Ukraine. 
Grechylo received his PhD in historical science in 1996 and defended a dissertation titled "Ukrainian Municipal Heraldry: Tendencies of Evolution". In 2012, he defended a dissertation titled "Ukrainian Territorial Heraldry" and received his DSc.
In 1990, he has founded the Ukrayinske Heraldychne Tovarystvo (Ukrainian Heraldry Society) – since 1995 a member of FIAV (Federation internationale des associations vexillologiques) and CIGH (Confédération Internationale de Généalogie et d’Héraldique). Andriy Grechylo is an associate member of the Académie Internationale d'Héraldique (International Academy of Heraldry) and president of UHT (Ukrainian Heraldry Society). 
Since 1993, he was an editor of the bulletin "Znak" ("The Sign"). Grechylo is co-author of the Small State Coat of Arms of Ukraine. He has also designed flags and arms for provinces, districts, cities, towns, villages, universities, organisations, ecclesiastical provinces and for individuals. Although he is known mainly for his expertise in heraldry and vexillology. 
In 1992-2011, Andriy Grechylo was a member of the Commission for Decorations and Heraldry. In 2009, he was honoured with the Order of Merit 3rd Class.

</doc>
<doc id="36755612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755612" title="1995 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles">
1995 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles

Marc Rosset was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Wayne Ferreira won the tournament, beating Pete Sampras 7–6(7–2), 5–7, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36755613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755613" title="Bleta">
Bleta

Bleta (probably from the blue colour in Greek language: μπλε (ble)) is a small lake in North Messenia in Greece, near to the villages Kokla and Pontia. It has a small waterfall and it constitutes a part of a river. It is at about 250 m altitude.

</doc>
<doc id="36755616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755616" title="Audo">
Audo

Audo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755623" title="Kiyoko Fukuda">
Kiyoko Fukuda

Kiyoko Fukuda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755649" title="Subsumption lattice">
Subsumption lattice

A subsumption lattice is a mathematical structure used in theoretical background of automated theorem proving and other symbolic computation applications.
Definition.
A term "t"1 is said to "subsume" a term "t"2 if a substitution "σ" exists such that "σ" applied to "t"1 yields "t"2. In this case, "t"1 is also called "more general than" "t"2, and "t"2 is called "more specific than" "t"1, or "an instance of" "t"1. 
The set of all (first-order) terms over a given signature can be made a lattice over the partial ordering relation ""... is more specific than ..."" as follows:
This lattice is called the subsumption lattice.
Properties.
The join and the meet operation in this lattice are called anti-unification and unification, respectively. A variable "x" and the artificial element Ω are the top and the bottom element of the lattice, respectively. Each ground term, i.e.each term without variables, is an atom of the lattice. The lattice has infinite descending chains, e.g. "x", "g"("x"), "g"("g"("x")), "g"("g"("g"("x"))), ..., but no infinite ascending ones.
If "f" and "g" is a binary and unary function symbol, respectively, and "x" and "y" denote variables, then the terms "f"("x","y"), "f"("g"("x"),"y"), "f"("g"("x"),"g"("y")), "f"("x","x"), and "f"("g"("x"),"g"("x")) form the minimal non-modular lattice N5 (see picture); its appearance prevents the subsumption lattice from being modular and hence also from being distributive.
Denoting by "Gnd"("t") the set of all ground instances of a term "t", the following properties hold:
Sublattice of linear terms.
The set of "linear" terms, that is of terms without multiple occurrences of a variable, is a sublattice of the subsumption lattice. If the signature contains at least 3 function symbols or constants, that lattice is non-distributive, since contains the minimal non-distributive lattice M3, formed e.g. by "x", "a", "b", "c", and Ω.
The meet operation yields always the same result in the lattice of all terms and of linear terms.
The join operation in all terms lattice yields always an instance of the join in the linear terms lattice; for example, the (ground) terms "f"("a","a") and "f"("b","b") have the join "f"("x","x") and "f"("x","y") in all terms lattice and in the linear terms lattice, respectively.
Origin.
Apparently, the subsumption lattice has first been investigated by Gordon D. Plotkin in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="36755670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755670" title="Leo Carroll">
Leo Carroll

Leo Carroll may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755679" title="St Thomas' Church, Milnthorpe">
St Thomas' Church, Milnthorpe

St Thomas' Church, Milnthorpe, is located in the village of Milnthorpe, Cumbria, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Kendal, the archdeaconry of Westmorland and Furness, and the diocese of Carlisle.
History.
The church was built in 1835–37 to a design by the Kendal architect George Webster, providing accommodation for a congregation of 600. The chancel was added in 1883 by Joseph Bintley. In 1912 the Lancaster architects Austin and Paley carried out alterations at the west end of the church. The west gallery was removed in 1982 and the church was sub-divided by a wall.
Architecture.
St Thomas' is constructed in limestone with sandstone dressings. The church has a nave, a chancel, and a west tower. The nave contains paired lancet windows and has thin buttresses. The chancel is in Early English style. Many of the windows contain stained glass; these include two by F. Barrow of Milnthorpe dated 1872 and 1885, two by A. Burrow dated 1886 and 1890, and others by Heaton, Butler and Bayne (1879), Shrigley and Hunt (1898), and Abbott and Company (1928). There is a ring of six bells, cast in 1912 by John Taylor & Co of Loughborough.

</doc>
<doc id="36755683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755683" title="Illecillewaet Glacier">
Illecillewaet Glacier

The Illecillewaet Glacier is a glacier in British Columbia, Canada. It is located inside Glacier National Park in the Selkirk Mountains, a sub-range of the Columbia Mountains. After the construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) near the glacier’s terminus, and the building of a hotel nearby, the glacier became a prominent tourist destination in the Canadian west. Easily accessible by road and railway, it is one of the most-studied glaciers in North America. Its retreat over the last one hundred years has been extensively documented.
Physical characteristics.
The glacier is located south of Mount Sir Donald in the Selkirk Mountains, west of Rogers Pass in British Columbia. The outflow of the glacier forms the headwaters of the Illecillewaet River. The Illecillewaet névé feeds three other glaciers: the Asulkan, Geikie and Deville. As of 2002, the accumulation area of the glacier is while its ablation area is , for a total size of . Its estimated mean depth is , and its highest point is measured at . The exposed bedrock downslope of the glacier's terminus shows the effects of glacial plucking.
History.
CPR and Glacier House.
Although First Nations people were present in valleys to the east and west, evidence of aboriginal settlement in the Illecillewaet area has not been found. The first European to visit the glacier was Major A.B. Rogers, a railway surveyor, who examined the area in 1882 and 1883 in search of a viable pass. With the completion of the transcontinental Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) through nearby Rogers Pass in 1885, the glacier and its surrounding area became one of western Canada's first tourist destinations. Glacier National Park was established in 1886, and Glacier House, a small hotel, was built near the north end of the glacier in the same year. The hotel was expanded in 1892 and 1904, and by 1907 the glacier was described as the "most visited glacier in the Americas".
At this point, the glacier was called the "Great Glacier" by CPR promoters. The name "Illecillewaet" is an Okanagan First Nations word for "big water", and referred to the river before being applied to the glacier. It gradually replaced "Great" and was adopted by Parks Canada in the 1960s.
The new influx of visitors to the glacier brought with it both mountaineers and glaciologists. The first recorded ascent of the glacier was by A. O. Wheeler with Edward Feuz and Charles Clarke in 1901, although it had most likely been climbed earlier. Wheeler and the Alpine Club of Canada built a hut near Glacier House for mountaineering use. Feuz was one of several Swiss guides hired by the CPR to accompany visitors to the glacier and up nearby peaks.
Vaux family.
The Vaux family were well-off Quakers from Pennsylvania. The family first visited Glacier House and Illecillewaet Glacier in 1887. On a subsequent trip, they noticed a visible retreat of the glacier's terminus. The Vaux children, William, George, Jr., and Mary (later Mary Vaux Walcott) were amateur photographers and began a study of the glacier using pictures taken from fixed points. William and George, Jr. presented their findings to the National Academy of Sciences in the U.S. Their study and methods were considered a "breakthrough" in the new field of glaciology. Mary Vaux would continue to visit the area every summer until her death in 1940.
On a more anecdotal level, the Vaux family carefully photographed the glacier and surrounding area, first using glass plates which were transported up and down the mountain and sent back to Philadelphia; and later more modern Mamiya medium format cameras. There is continuing photographic evidence to support their more scientific measurements. George Vaux, Jr.’s grandson Henry Vaux, Jr., (also an alpine photographer) noted the static nature of the glacier's alpine area, related to its short growing seasons. The only two major differences between contemporary times and the early 1900s are the retreat of the glacier and the presence of the Trans-Canada Highway. Thus, he saw trees that were observed by his grandfather from the same perspective, and there is little difference "except for the glaciers, most of which are back at least two kilometres, and of man-made things.” 
Trans Canada Highway.
In 1916, the CPR constructed the Connaught Tunnel, which bypassed the Glacier House site. The numbers of visitors declined, and, in 1925, the hotel was closed. It was demolished in 1929. For a thirty-year period, the previously popular glacier was mostly unvisited. In 1962, the new Trans Canada Highway was completed and its route closely followed that of the original CPR line. Once again, Illecillewaet was joined with a major transportation route. Parks Canada began to improve facilities at the glacier; the Illecillewaet campground was opened and new trails were constructed giving access to the glacier, now located significantly farther away. The latter half of the century saw more glaciological studies as the glacier's retreat became more pronounced.
Glaciological studies.
Although sparse compared with studies of European glaciers, studies of the Illecillewaet are detailed by North American standards. The first scientific study of the glacier was performed by the Vaux family from 1887 to 1912. George, William, and Mary Vaux with others, including A.O. Wheeler and C.E. Webb measured the glacial retreat mostly with annual photos from fixed points.
The period of World War I and the Great Depression saw fewer observations; the closing of Glacier House in 1925 drastically reduced the number of visitors to the area. The federal Dominion Water and Power Bureau started assessing the glacier in 1945 using baseline measurements. The Bureau conducted yearly studies from 1945 to 1950, and every two years from 1950 to 1960. There were no measurements taken from 1960 to 1972, when Parks Canada began surveying. A study which examines rock lichen in order to determine glacial retreat was begun in 1996. Satellite imagery has also been used to measure the glacier's size.
Retreat.
Since scientific research began in the late 1800s, Illecillewaet Glacier has been retreating and shrinking, with shorter periods of small advances. Between 1887 and 1962 the terminus of the glacier retreated almost . Parks Canada research indicates that there was a period of advancement from 1972 to 1986, with the terminus advancing . In total, there was a net retreat of in the period of 1887 to 1984. The glacier lost about 28% of its mass by 1951; it regained maybe 1% by 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36755686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755686" title="Tony Soulié">
Tony Soulié

Tony Soulié (born 1955) is a French artist working in painting, printmaking, sculpture, installation art and photography.
Biography.
Soulié was part of the “Nouvelle Abstraction” (Neo Post Pictorialism) French movement in the 1970-1980s.
Hundreds of exhibitions of his works have been organized throughout the world and his works are featured in many public and private collections from the Museum of Modern Art, Paris, Utsunomiya Museum of Art and Hawaii State Foundation on Culture and the Arts through the Peter Stuyvesant Foundation and the Spiegel foundation.
His work has been exhibited at the Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes in Chili, Musée des Tapisseries in Aix-en-Provence, The Contemporary Museum, Honolulu in Hawaii, Museum of Avallon, Kulturhuset Art-Center in Stockholm, Clayarch Gimhae Museum in South Korea, The Industry Museum in Charleroi, Museum of Modern Art, Rio de Janeiro, Museum for Fine Arts in Brasilia, Colombian National Museum in Bogota, Museum of Contemporary Art, Zagreb in Croatia, Royal Post Museum in Bangkok. His art is in the collections of many of these museums as well as private foundations and he is represented by art dealers and art galleries in London, Paris, Frankfurt, Copenhagen, Seoul, Tokyo, Santa Fe, New Mexico and other cities around the world.
Background.
Soulié was raised in Paris, France where he was born. He earned his degrees at the École des Arts Appliqués. Although he is generally referred to as a painter, he has also created numerous Artist's books, sculptures and Prints as well as installations and performances.
Soulié did on-stage performances in a series of theatrical productions between 1982 and 1991. He later signed scenography for a number of productions. He did many installations of land art, especially on volcanoes – even in some cases inside the calderas of active volcanoes.
Techniques and processes.
The materials Soulié uses in his paintings are very constant, varnish, carborundum powder mixed with acrylic painting are his trademark since 1992 with his first series of painted photographs from Africa.
These materials are specific products not originally intended for fine arts that he adopted from his immediate surroundings when his studio was located in Paris Bastille neighborhood, at this time dominated by craftsman activities assembling furniture.
The use of carborundum in his paintings links back to the volcano installations: the silicon component of the artificial compound is in nature, as pure crystals, only found in volcanic exhalations.
The technique of painted photographs, or “photo-paintings” as he labels them, are based on large scale black and white photographs taken during his travels across the world that he covers with ink, acrylic, varnish and carborundum.
The themes that are explored in these painted photographs include the megalopolis based on his own photography from the biggest cities around the world but also flowers and dream catchers.
Soulié has created a great number of Artist’s books and collective portfolios with poets and other artists including 
Michel Butor, 
Patricia Erbelding, 
Serge Gavronsky, 
Patrick Grainville, 
Alain Jouffroy, 
Michel Luneau, 
J. M. G. Le Clézio, 
Tita Reut and 
Salah Stétié.
Career.
Early career.
Although coming from a family with its roots in the region of Albi in southern France, Soulié grew up in Paris in the Bastille / Marais neighborhood, then dominated by the furniture handcraft industry.
His first personal gallery show opened at the Gallery Durgnat, Switzerland in 1977 and he was featured in the 1984 show at the Grand Palais: "peintures, l’autre nouvelle generation" that was the showcase that launched a new generation of French Artists. The Grand Palais show was immediately followed by a growing series of regular exhibitions. He became a featured artist at the Françoise Palluel Gallery that showed his works starting with the 1985 Foire internationale d'art contemporain (FIAC) Art Fair through the mid-nineties where in 1996, the Soulié exhibition launched the Dhalgren Gallery.
He was awarded the grant “Villa-Medicis hors les murs” by the French Academy in Rome in 1987. This allowed him to establish himself in Naples where he started working on installations doing land-art on the volcanoes starting with the neighboring Vesuvius.
1990 saw him designing the spinnaker carried by a famously branded boat in the Whitbread Round the World Race (now the Volvo Ocean Race) which narrowly escaped sinking as a result of being bumped by a whale in the Tasman Sea.
In 1992 he was one of the artists representing France at the Universal Exposition of Seville Expo '92 in Spain.
He continued meanwhile the land-art installations on volcanoes in 1997 with Big Island and Mauï in the Hawaï archipelago. The work was part of a photographic exhibition the same year in The Contemporary Museum, Honolulu. 
He also started working with the Galerie Protée that have remained one of his main representations in Paris.
In 1996 he started travelling the African costs and he brought back photopaintings from Zanzibar, Benin and other countries. The themes developed in his works in Africa were subject to a parallel work done in Murano Island of Venice, Italy, the glass-pearl produce of which played such a key role in the slave-trade off the African cost (the scars of which can still be felt both historically and politically today both in Africa and the new world). During 1998 and 1999 he worked with Simone Cenedese, maestro vetraio of Murano on realizing a series of glass-sculptures based on African fetish sculptures. The project was to counter the logic from the slave-trade where captives are bought and paid for in glass-pearls cast in Murano.
He had his first personal show in Japan in 1998 at the MMG Gallery.
Later Years (2000-).
After many books and catalogues, the first monograph on Tony Soulié was published in 1999 and has been followed by regular publications up to the 2009 publication that documented the years 1976 – 2008 in 557 pages.
Possibly as a resurgence of his Albi origins, Soulié has investigated the tauromachia or magic of bullfighting. This investigation was first presented as the Faena series of work in 2000.
In a 2001 edition entitled "Lagos La Tropicale", Soulié’s photopaintings realized in Nigeria were accompanied by a text by Dominique Sigaud. The whole forming a portrait of the Megalopolis of Lagos. This work, like the one he did in Havana, proved too controversial for local authorities that cancelled the planned showings. Other similar works realized in Bénin and São Tomé have been shown in several exhibitions.
The Museum Convent of the Cordeliers in Châteauroux shows a first major retrospective exhibition of his works in 2003 and he is awarded Chevalier de l’Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French Ministry of Culture in 2004. 
The Palais Synodal in Sens shows a major exhibition in 2007 entitled Panorama – seeking to provide a full review of Soulié’s body of work.
2010 sees Soulié return to the medium of glass-sculptures. After a series interpreting the sculptural language of the Zuni, a new work on the shamanistic relationship to the animus is explored in the ensemble 2011 showing at the Domaine Dalmeran entitled ANIMA-ANIMISME.
Most recently, the town and region of La Rochelle have invited Soulié to exhibit in numerous sites across the town during the summer of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36755691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755691" title="Civil Guard (Philippines)">
Civil Guard (Philippines)

The Civil Guard (Spanish: "Guardia Civil") of the Philippines was a local gendarmerie police force organized under the Spanish colonial government. It was disbanded after the Spanish–American War and was replaced by the Philippine Constabulary.
History.
The Guardia Civil was first founded as the national police force of Spain in 1844 during the reign of Queen Isabella II of Spain by the Basque Navarrese aristocrat Francisco Javier Girón y Ezpeleta, 2nd Duke of Ahumada and 5th Marqués de las Amarillas, an 11th generation descendant of Aztec Emperor Moctezuma II. The first Guardia Civil academy was established in the town of Valdemoro, south of Madrid, in 1855. Graduates were given the Guardia's now famous "tricorne" or "Cavaliers" hat as part of their duty dress uniform.
In the Philippines, the Guardia Civil was introduced by the Spanish colonial government in 1868, during the rule of Governor-General Carlos María de la Torre y Nava Cerrada. The organization began with a size of one division or around 1,200 men. By 1880, and this size was maintained until 1897, the Guardia Civil in the Philippines had a size of three divisions or more than 3,600 men. Two were stationed in Luzon and the third in the Visayas.
Role.
The Guardia Civil was based on the Civil Guard (Spain). Officers were drawn from the regular Spanish army. Under normal conditions, they formed patrols consisting of two men. Larger detachments were organized for operations such the suppression of bandit groups. By 1897, the force had 155 Spanish officers.
The Guardia Civil had the power to impose penalties for infringements of law and local ordinances. They could arrest people upon suspicion alone, and the Spanish colonial government did not bar the Guardia Civil from using torture techniques in interrogation processes. They could also kill suspects without trial if resistance was offered.
During the first phase of the Philippine Revolution (1896-1897), the Guardia Civil comprised around 60 percent of the native component of the Spanish military forces in the colony.
Guardia Civil Veterana.
The "Guardia Civil Veterana" or Veteran Civil Guard was formed during the period 1871 to 1872 under the Governor-General Rafael de Izquierdo y Gutiérrez to be the urban gendarmerie force of Manila. This organization began with 37 officers and 322 men as of July 11, 1872. By 1898, it had 14 officers and 325 men.
Criticism.
The works of the Guardia Civil can also be witnessed in José Rizal's two novels, "Noli Me Tángere" and "El filibusterismo".
In terms of the interrogation process, Rizal describes in the 57th chapter of "Noli Me Tángere" how a man named Tarsilo was tortured to desth by the Guardia Civil. In that same part of the book, it is recorded that a certain Andong Sintó-sintó was sent to the capital, Manila, to be imprisoned for merely picking bananas for supper. 
In the fifth chapter of "El filibusterismo", a "cochero" or coachman is held up, hit and taken to prison by an officer of the Guardia Civil for failing to show his "cédula" (a term now used for the community tax certificate).

</doc>
<doc id="36755705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755705" title="Lyubov Kozyreva">
Lyubov Kozyreva

Lyubov Kozyreva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755710" title="Walter Matthews (disambiguation)">
Walter Matthews (disambiguation)

Walter Matthews (1900–1986) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons.
Walter Matthews may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755712" title="Ksenia Pokrovsky">
Ksenia Pokrovsky

Ksenia Mikhailovna (Belyakova) Pokrovsky () was a prominent Russian Orthodox icon painter instrumental in the revival of traditional icon painting. Pokrovsky began her vocation in 1969 and worked in the Moscow region until the collapse of the Soviet Union. In 1991 she immigrated to the United States where she worked until her death in 2013. During her lifetime Pokrovsky produced a distinctive and prodigious corpus of icons for churches and individuals. Her influence continues to resonate through the work of hundreds of students throughout the world who studied with her.
Biography.
Ksenia Mikhailovna Pokrovsky was born March 9, 1942 in Osh, Kyrgyzstan (Ferghana, Central Asia). During World War II many Muscovites were evacuated to various locations in Central Asia as the Nazi army advanced to within 100 miles of Moscow. Known by the code name Operation Barbarossa and launched in June of 1941, the Nazi land invasion of the Soviet Union was the largest in the history of warfare. Pokrovsky's expectant mother Tatyana (Shpitalskaya) Belyakova was among those temporarily relocated to Osh. Pokrovsky died July 7, 2013 in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Ancestry and early life.
Pokrovsky’s ancestry includes Russian, Bulgarian, Jewish and Polish grandparents, as well as an 18th-century Tartar progenitor. Her maternal grandfather was Eugeniy I. Shpitalsky (1879-1931). A distinguished State University professor in the 1920s, he was the author of important research in the field of catalysis and physical-electrochemistry. Although a member of the USSR Academy of Sciences, he fell prey to Stalin’s purges and was arrested on false charges in 1929 (posthumously rehabilitated in 1956). Sentenced to many years of compulsory labor, his research was still considered vital to Soviet interests. He was confined to a prison specifically built on the site of his laboratory, where he died.
Pokrovsky was raised by an atheistic mother whom she described as a “romantic communist”, but she was deeply influenced by the Orthodox Christian faith of her grandmothers. Pokrovsky’s paternal great aunt, the artist Yekaterina Mikhaylovna Belyakova (1892-1980), was her model for creativity and also her mentor in the Orthodox Christian faith. Pokrovsky was baptized at the age of 24, after she was a legal adult under Soviet law. By postponing her baptism, she protected her parents against charges that might be brought against them for failing to shield their child from "obsolete religious views".
In the 1960s Pokrovsky was a promising biophysics student at Moscow State University, but her interest in science was always an inseparable part of her larger metaphysical quest. After reading an article on the discovery of the DNA spiral, her Bulgarian grandmother Nevenka remarked, “Look, Ksenia, these are the tablets of the covenant" (meaning the commandments given to Moses, written by God Himself). It was at Moscow State University that Ksenia met fellow student Lev Alexeyevich Pokrovsky. They married in 1960 and lived together for 53 years. Lev became a teaching professor and researcher of theoretical physics. It was while working on her Ph.D. dissertation that Pokrovsky realized that she did not want to devote her life to being a laboratory researcher. A career would leave little freedom for her deeper spiritual questions and her desire to raise a family. Any successful discoveries would contribute to the larger mission of the Soviet Union, the same political system that imprisoned her grandfather.
Religious repression under Communism.
Ksenia Pokrovsky began her career as an icon painter in 1969 – a time when icon painting was still banned in the Soviet Union, and when the few individuals who were secretly practicing the ancient art were under constant threat of persecution. Having no possibility of learning through systematic education or under the tutelage of a master, Pokrovsky was almost entirely self-taught. This was a difficult time for the Russian Church. From 1917 onward, Christians faced a peril for which there was no precedent in earlier Christian history. The Roman Empire, infamous for persecuting Christians, was in no sense an atheist state; but Soviet Communism was committed to full elimination of "all" religious belief. Many places of worship were closed, transformed into museums of atheism, or other-use facilities (bars, theaters, warehouses, garages); in very many cases, they were utterly destroyed. Those who dared to attend the services of the Church were under constant scrutiny by the authorities as being "enemies of the people" or otherwise "undesirables".
Fr. Alexander Men and Mother Juliana.
Pokrovsky’s need to find a priest with whom she could discuss her doubts about a scientific career led her to Father Alexander Men, often referred to as the "Apostle to the Intellectuals”. Men’s connections with the Catacomb Church, which refused to cooperate with the Soviet authorities, meant that he was constantly under suspicion. His understanding of world religions, charismatic personality and erudition attracted many converts, especially from intellectual and artistic circles, but also made him the target of KGB harassment. Men performed the marriage ceremony of Lev and Ksenia; he became a close friend and frequent visitor in their home. The Pokrovskys became a part of his parish in Novaya Derevnya, a short distance from Moscow.Men encouraged Ksenia's interest in iconography, giving her his blessing. "Study iconography," he told her, "because twenty years from now there will be a tremendous interest in this art. Many people will begin painting icons, and there will be a need for teachers. You will teach others,” he told her, demonstrating prophetic insight.
Through learning the technical aspects of iconography on her own, Pokrovsky was able to meet other like-minded students at museums, archaeological sites and churches, and through a network of connections in the underground church. During the 1970s, the Pokrovsky family rented a summer home (dacha) in Zagorsk, now Sergei Posad, which allowed Ksenia to spend many hours with her new neighbor, Mother Juliana (Maria Nikolayevna Sokolova). Officially, Maria Sokolova worked as an art restorer, and helped in the state-sponsored restoration of the Holy Trinity Lavra of St. Sergius. In private life, she was a consecrated nun. Mother Juliana was one of a handful of traditional icon painters who survived persecution. She is widely credited with preserving the living tradition of icon painting and with transmitting it to her successors during one of the most difficult periods in the history of the Russian Church. Ksenia’s proximity to Mother Juliana in these summer months was invaluable- they were spent discussing iconography, the meaning of its subject matter, as well as questions of technique, materials and style. These meetings gave Pokrovsky a great storehouse of knowledge.
Ksenia Pokrovsky the teacher.
The 1970s were particularly dangerous times for icon painters. With the dissident movement on the rise, writing new icons was considered a criminal activity, on par with selling illicit narcotics, firearms, pornography or the possession of banned literature and foreign currency. Even under the threat of prosecution, Ksenia Pokrovsky applied her scientific mind to understanding both the practical and theoretical attributes of icons. Organizing a network of geologists, she was able to obtain the natural mineral and clay pigments with which historical Russian icons were made. This also enabled her to avoid the state-run art-supply stores which required membership in the USSR Union of Artists. When asked how she dealt with Soviet life, she said candidly, “We ignored them,” in itself a honed skill. Restoration work and commissions for icons brought her a modest but necessary income. Often work was reciprocated with barter, supplying the family with food, medicine, goods and services unobtainable in public stores. Currency, receipts and invoices were avoided as “evidence of my crimes”. If a client had difficulty paying, she would accept a minimal token payment, or work for free. She never refused work; clients unable to pay reciprocated with prayers and lifelong loyal friendships.
Pokrovsky soon became a sought after restorer of icons and teacher to all who were interested in the subject. Recognizing the depth of her sincerity, talent and determination, she became friends with many museum curators and collectors who allowed her open access to their collections. With her growing reputation, the Soviet authorities did not ignore her. She was brought into the local police station for interrogation, and shown the prison cells where she would be sent if she did not admit to her work. She presented herself as a restless, bored housewife with five small children. She confessed that this ‘innocuous hobby’ was her only way of keeping her sanity; she was released and never confronted with the threat of arrest again. A decade later, days before the Pokrovsky family immigrated to the United States, a neighbor admitted that the secret police had installed listening devices in the Pokrovsky flat by wiring them through her apartment.
Her pedagogical talents and scholarship cemented a network of like-minded individuals into a clandestine movement that brought about the revival of tradition iconography in Russia in the late 1980s. "I met Xenia Pokrovsky in the eighties," says art historian Irina Yazykova. "Already she had gathered many students around her. She was a great teacher who trained so many painters. She was a mother of many children, but her house was never closed. And no matter when you came, the house was always full of people." A circle of artists interested in becoming icon painters and iconologists formed around Pokrovsky. It was called the Izograph Society of Russian Iconographers. Members included Anatoliy Volgin, Alexander Sokolov, A. Lavdansky, A. Vronsky, Alexander Chashkin, Anton Yarzhombeck; the jeweler Mark Lozinsky and iconologist Irina Yazykova. Ksenia was a close friend of many other working icon painters and counted Archimandrite Xenon as one of her friends.
Artistic influences and style.
Pokrovsky herself painted brightly and expressively. In stylistic terms, she was oriented to classical Russian iconography of the 15–17th centuries. The foundation of her work were 15th century Novgorod icons. She absorbed their strong semantic language and limited, albeit, versatile palette. Their simplicity and directness, even in miniature work, was to become a hallmark of her work. She admired the asceticism of icons and was discriminating in her use of ornament. She was attracted to the expressive work of Theophanes the Greek, the classical harmony of Rublev, and the versatility of Dionysius. Although thoroughly Russian, she was also enthusiastic of Greek, Serbian, Bulgarian, Georgian and Coptic icons, as well as the work of the Byzantine era. As she later taught her students, the most authentic canons of iconography are found in the best icons themselves. Working from historical prototypes is an essential process if one is to truly understand historical iconography. Mother Juliana, who witnessed the destruction of thousands of icons told her “It is selfish to make new icons.“
But both Mother Juliana and Ksenia understood that there would always be a need for icons of recently recognized saints or events in the ongoing history of the Church, such as the New Martyrs. Before using iconography as a flexible, expressive language, one needed to be fluent in its grammar, vocabulary and styles. There should be no rupture between the past and the present- theologically, semantically or aesthetically. In a nation suffering from its own iconoclasm, the first task was to restore the stability of the tradition. After decades of restoring and copying, she was one of the first painters to design new prototypes for icons of the martyred Romanov Family, and made a large icon on Millennium of Baptism of Russia (1988), commissioned by Metropolitan Philaret of Belorussia, now in Minsk. In February 1998 her original composition of St. Tikhon Patriarch of Moscow was installed in the newly reconstructed Church of Christ the Savior in Moscow. The central figure of St. Tikhon is surrounded by 18 smaller icons in the border, depicting events of the saint's life, his difficult ministry under the Bolshevik reign, and the miraculous events surrounding his death. As Pokrovsky's reputation spread, she was invited to create icons for churches in Estonia and, with a team, worked in a newly built Orthodox church in Hajnowka and other churches in Eastern Poland.
Immigration and work in America.
The 1988 celebrations commemorating the millennium of Christianity in Russia ushered in a greater amount of religious freedom. Sadly, the subsequent instability of Perestroika offered no reassurances of a future better than previous Soviet life. The murder of their close friend and spiritual father Alexander Men solidified the Pokrovsky family's decision to immigrate to the United States in June of 1991. Her icon of the Archangel Michael on horseback (an icon representing the beginning of the Apocalypse) showed contemporary Soviet architecture collapsing into an abyss.
Pokrovsky was not sure that there would be any need for her iconography in a predominantly Protestant country. She brought her paints, brushes, and boards almost as an afterthought. But her icons did get noticed, and she began receiving commissions for her work, as well as teaching new students. Just as in Moscow, Ksenia Pokrovsky was soon surrounded by a new circle of icon painters attracted by her knowledge and her talent for pedagogy.
While remaining true to the canon, Ksenia strove to make her icons accessible and interesting to the modern viewer. She understood iconography as a tradition that looked forward as well as backwards. She used English lettering, and some of her icons included scenes from American history. Serving the needs of her new home, Pokrovsky frequently painted icons of American saints. One of her most important American commissions was of the newly canonized St. Alexis Toth (1853-1909), bishop of Wilkes-Barre. This full-length icon for the shrine of his relics is now in the Monastery Church of St. Tikhon of Zadonsk, South Canaan, PA.
One of her most celebrated and widely reproduced icons is the , which she wrote in 1995. Now located in the Syosset NY offices of the Orthodox Church in America, the icon represents the entire history of Orthodoxy in North America. The central panel depicts SS. Juvenaly, Alexander, Alexis Toth, Herman of Alaska, Peter the Aleut, Jacob, Tikhon, Innocent of Alaska, and Raphael of Brooklyn. The wide surrounding border, or “kleymos” shows events from the life of each saint; for most of these saints and events, it is their first portrayal in iconography.
Ksenia also wrote icons of western, Roman Catholic saints. Sometimes she created iconography that was wholly new; at other times she made variations on traditional subjects, adding new scenes to them, as often was done in her folding icons – all demonstrating that the icon is fully capable of adapting to new cultural conditions. One of her most ambitious compositions was a commission for the Roman Catholic Cathedral of St. Peter in Trier, Germany. This remarkable work shows the assembly of all saints, eastern and western, connected with the cathedral's history. Irina Yazykova, author of "The Hidden and Triumphant: the Underground Struggle to Save Russian Iconography", has said that "Ksenia Pokrovsky represented our most convincing contemporary witness to the icon's ability to unify Christians of different backgrounds."
Seeking to raise the general level of iconography in the United States, she taught week-long iconography workshops throughout the United States. Working with the Orthodox non-profit organization Hexaemeron, her first "Six Days of Creation Iconography workshop" was held in Lexington KY in 2003. She attracted students internationally, and her last workshop in 2013 was in São Paulo, Brazil.
Pokrovsky's icons can be found in the Church of The Holy Trinity in Boston, Christ the Saviour Orthodox Christian Church, Paramus, NJ, Christ the Saviour Orthodox Church, Harrisburg, PA, in St. Vladimir Orthodox Seminary in Yonkers, NY. Assisted by her daughter Anna Gouriev, also an icon painter, the last decade of Ksenia's life was busy with large scale commissions for the entire interiors of churches, among which are St. Andrew's Orthodox Church in Lexington, KY, and the Church of St. Mary Magdalene in New York City. As in her miniature work, there is a harmony to the complexity of the many scenes. Each figure is fully realized, each scene is complete, and altogether, they contribute to an overall sense of festive joy.
Death.
Ksenia Pokrovsky died July 7, 2013 following a short illness. Her death coincided with the 2013 celebration of the "Synaxis of All Saints who have Shone Forth in North America", the subject of her most celebrated icon. Her Funeral service was held at St. Nicholas Orthodox Church, Salem, MA, followed by an all-night vigil kept by family and friends. Burial was the following day at St. Tikhon of Zadonsk Monastery, South Canaan, PA.

</doc>
<doc id="36755730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755730" title="Mesopteryx (genus)">
Mesopteryx (genus)

Mesopteryx is a genus of mantis of the tribe Mantini of the subfamily Mantinae of the family Mantidae, which contains three species.

</doc>
<doc id="36755735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755735" title="Panamah">
Panamah

Panamah is a Danish electronic group from Copenhagen made up of DJ producer Anders Christensen, guitarist Peter Lützen and lead singer Amalie Stender. The group's minimalist pop approach to electronic music has attracted attention particularly with their 2010 debut single "Ikke for sent", also remixed by Boom Clap Bachelors in April 2010. Influences include Junior Boys, Booka Shade, Bat For Lashes as well as Everything but the Girl, Kate Bush and Simon & Garfunkel. The band also released a successful single "DJ Blues"

</doc>
<doc id="36755747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755747" title="Auddhatya">
Auddhatya

Auddhatya (Sanskrit; Pali: "uddhacca"; Tibetan phonetic: "göpa ") is a Buddhist term that is translated as "excitement", "restlessness", etc. In the Theravada tradition, "uddhacca" is defined as a mental factor that is characterized by disquietude, like water whipped by the wind. In the Mahayana tradition, "auddhatya" is defined as a mental factor that causes our mind to fly off from an object and recollect something else. 
Auddhatya (Pali: uddhacca) is identified as:
Explanations.
Theravada.
Bhikkhu Bodhi states:
In the Visuddhimagga (II, Part IX, Chapter I, 250) gives the following definition of uddhacca:
Nina van Gorkom explains:
Mahayana.
The Abhidharma-samuccaya states: 
Mipham Rinpoche states:
Alexander Berzin explains:
B. Allan Wallace states:
External links.
Mahayana tradition:
Theravada tradition:

</doc>
<doc id="36755761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755761" title="Anadolu Sigorta">
Anadolu Sigorta

Anadolu Sigorta ("Anadolu Insurance Company"), established on April 1, 1925 by Atatürk, was the first national insurance company of Turkey. It remains one of the largest insurance companies in the country.
History.
Reference:
1925; Anadolu Sigorta was founded on April 1 at the initiative of Atatürk and under the leadership of Türkiye İş Bankası, Turkey's first national bank.
1975; Being the leader of national insurance since the onset of the Turkish Republic, Anadolu Sigorta celebrated its 50th anniversary.
1983; Blue Insurance policies marking the introduction of comprehensive insurance system in Turkey and offering 17 types of cover were put on sale for the first time.
1986; Representing a new branch in the Turkish insurance business, 'Electronic Equipment Insurance' was first started by Anadolu Sigorta.
1987; Activities commenced in the agriculture insurance branch.
1991; The life branch was transferred to Anadolu Hayat Anonim Şirketi, a newly formed life insurer as required by law.
1993; Extending administrative and technical assistance to Günay Anadolu Sigorta founded and started to operate in Azerbaijan, Anadolu Sigorta became the first Turkish insurance company to set up an international operation.
1996; Policies in legal protection insurance branch, another first in Turkey, were written.

</doc>
<doc id="36755768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755768" title="1925 Dali earthquake">
1925 Dali earthquake

The 1925 Dali earthquake occurred at 14:42 UTC on 16 March. It had an estimated magnitude of 7.0 on the surface wave magnitude scale and a maximum perceived intensity of at least IX ("Violent") on the Mercalli intensity scale. It had an epicenter in the province of Yunnan in southern China and killed an estimated 5,000 people.
Tectonic setting.
Yunnan lies in a tectonically complex zone affected by the broad zone of deformation associated with the ongoing collision between the Indian Plate and the Eurasian Plate. A rhomb-shaped fault-bounded block, known as the Sichuan-Yunnan Blocl, is recognised that is bounded by the active left-lateral strike-slip faults the Xianshuihe fault system and the currently right lateral Red River Fault and Jinshajiang Fault.
Earthquake.
The earthquake was caused by movement on the northwestern part of the Red River Fault.
The area affected by shaking of at least intensity VII was nearly 5,000 square kilometres.
Damage.
The city of Dali was severely damaged. 76,000 homes were destroyed either by the shaking or subsequent fires. The city walls were badly affected, locally collapsing completely, with battlements devastated and two of the gate towers destroyed. 3,600 people were killed in the city, with a further 7,200 injured. 5,000 livestock were also killed. In Fengyi, thousands of houses were destroyed and over 1,200 people died, with a further 550 injured. In Midu County, 159 people died and 165 were injured. In Binchuan County, over 800 people died and more than 500 were injured. There were also deaths in Dengchuan, Xiangyun and Weishan.

</doc>
<doc id="36755771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755771" title="Bialosky Bear">
Bialosky Bear

Bialosky was a line of teddy bear toys and related children's products popular in the USA during the 1970s and 80s. 
The stuffed animals were manufactured by Gund.
In addition to the stuffed animals, Bialosky products included a children's book series.
Partial list of Bialosky titles.
Bialosky and the Big Parade Mystery (1986)
My First Cookbook: A Bialosky & Friends Book
Bialosky's Christmas (1984)

</doc>
<doc id="36755790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755790" title="Sihahanu">
Sihahanu

King Sihahanu was an ancient monarch and paternal grandfather of Gautama Buddha. He was a ruler of Shakya people.
Family.
Sihahanu was a son of King Jayasena and brother of Princess Yasodhara.
He married Kaccanā of Devadaha, daughter of Devadahasakka.
Kaccanā and Sihahanu had these children:
As a young prince Śuddhodana excelled in warfare and swordsmanship. After a victorious battle Sihahanu offered him a boon. He requested permission to marry two beautiful sisters, Maya and Mahāpajābatī Gotamī. 

</doc>
<doc id="36755797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755797" title="National Honey Bee Day">
National Honey Bee Day

National Honey Bee Day (formerly National Honey Bee Awareness Day) is an awareness day started by beekeepers in the United States to build community awareness of the bee industry, through education and promotion.
According to its organizers, the National Honey Bee Day program started with a simple concept:
The event was started in 2009 by a small group of beekeepers who petitioned for and obtained a formal proclamation by the USDA honoring honey bees and beekeeping. In 2010, a non-profit, Pennsylvania Apiculture Inc. was organized to better facilitate and promote the observance. The original date of observation was the 22nd of August, 2009 (the fourth Saturday of August) but has since settled more permanently on the third Saturday of August.

</doc>
<doc id="36755809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755809" title="National Metallurgical Laboratory">
National Metallurgical Laboratory

National Metallurgical Laboratory is an Indian research center that functions under the aegis of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research.
History.
In 1944, the then Government released to set up National Physical Laboratory, National Chemical Laboratory and National Metallurgical Laboratory (NML). This was seen as a step by the Government to develop industry in pre-independent India, and also as an incentive to private firms to support industrial research. As a result, the Tata Trust promised to donate to NML. A year later, Ardeshir Dalal – the then member of planning and development for the government – confirmed the location of NML to be Jamshedpur. In 1946, the governing body approved the final plans for NML. As per that, the laboratory was to be set up with an initial capital expenditure of .
On 21 November 1946, Honorable Mr. C. Rajagopalachari laid the foundation stone of the laboratory in front of representatives from the iron and steel industry. Dr. George Sachs, an American metallurgist was appointed as the first director of the laboratory. Since October 1949, the technological block of the laboratory started functioning effectively. On 26 November 1950, the country's first prime minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru inaugurated the laboratory. This was followed by a two-day conference that was held in the presence of the directors of National Physical Laboratory, National Chemical Laboratory, Central Road Research Laboratory, Fuel Research Institute, NML and Central Glass and Ceramic Research Laboratory. The conference noted the essential articles that were not produced in the country, but will be required during emergencies.

</doc>
<doc id="36755841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755841" title="Mohammad Mousavi">
Mohammad Mousavi

Mohammad Mousavi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755885" title="Ernest Albert Vasey">
Ernest Albert Vasey

Sir Ernest Albert Vasey (1901-1984) was a British colonial politician and former actor.
Early life.
Born in Maryport and son of an actress, he spent much of his early life touring the country with his mother and attending various elementary schools until the age of twelve. After leaving school at twelve, he supported himself through acting and other means, until he settled in Shrewsbury in 1922, married, and began taking part in local politics.
Political career.
In 1928, he became chairman of the Shrewsbury Junior Imperial League, and was elected to the local council as an independent conservative. His colonial career began in 1935 when he holidayed to Kenya and decided to move there (in 1936).
Kenya.
Vasey initially found work as a cinema manager, but soon got involved in local politics; being elected to Nairobi Municipal Council for the Westland's Ward in 1938. He later rose to Mayor of Nairobi, serving between 1941-1942 and 1944-1946. Vasey married again in 1944 (it isn't clear what happened to his first wife). He was awarded a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in 1945.
Sources.
SOAS page on Vasey

</doc>
<doc id="36755914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755914" title="Péter Veres">
Péter Veres

Péter Veres may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36755918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755918" title="Armenian Heritage Park">
Armenian Heritage Park

The Armenian Heritage Park is a memorial park dedicated to the victims of the Armenian Genocide located on Parcel 13 of the Rose Kennedy Greenway between Faneuil Hall and Christopher Columbus Park in Boston, Massachusetts. 
The memorial includes a sculpture surrounded by a reflecting pool. The sculpture has 24-26 different configurations, which symbolize the dispersion and coming together of immigrants from different shores. The other part of it is a grass labyrinth that not only pays tribute to the Armenian contribution to the United States, but also represents the journey of life.
The Armenian Heritage Foundation, composed of dozens of Armenian-American religious, cultural, and other organizations from around Massachusetts, raised from $5 million to $6 million for the park.
The groundbreaking ceremony on May 22, 2012 was attended by Governor Deval Patrick, His Holiness Karekin II, Catholicos of All Armenians, Registrar of Motor Vehicles Rachel Kaprielian, Sheriff of Middlesex County Peter Koutoujian, Boston Mayor Thomas Menino and many Armenian-American citizens and City and Commonwealth officials. Governor Patrick said that the park will be a "beautiful addition to the Greenway as well as a testament to the heritage of Armenian-Americans and Massachusetts' larger immigrant history". Mayor Menino also noted that the park "celebrates the distinctive history of the City of Boston and the generations of immigrants who have made Boston the wonderfully diverse community it is today".
Construction of the park was expected to be completed within 12 months, but actually lasted over a year and the park was opened on May 22, 2012. Armenian Minister of Foreign Affairs Eduard Nalbandyan and Governor Deval Patrick joined hundreds of attendees from the Armenian community at the dedication of the park.
Jean Murachanian, Art History professor at the University of New England, suggests that the park "is not strictly a genocide memorial, but it incorporates a memorial in its design." 

</doc>
<doc id="36755930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755930" title="Radomysl paper mill">
Radomysl paper mill

Radomysl paper mill is a paper producing factory in the town of Radomyshl (Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine). It has been in operation since the first half of the 17th century, first as a paper mill, then as a flour mill. It is now part of Historical and cultural complex Radomysl Castle.
Radomysl paper mill was built in 1612 (according to other sources – in 1606) to produce paper for the Kyiv-Pecherska Lavra’s publishing house. It was initiated by Yelisey Pletenecki (1550-1624), the Lavra’s archimandrite (abbot). Since then and up till the Khmelnitsky uprising, the Radomysl paper mill was the monopoly manufacturer of paper in the central part of Ukraine. Most of the religious and secular books available at that time in Central and Eastern Ukraine were printed on the paper produced in Radomysl. 
The paper was made of old flax clothes, raw flax, nettle and hemp. It had a light gray colour and was very strong and hard. The Radomysl paper is easily identified by the four types of watermarks. The first two are the coats-of-arms of archimandrites Yelisey Pletenecki and Zakharia Kopystenski. The two others are, respectively, the stylized image of one of the Lavra’s founders - Anthony Pecherski and three domes with crosses.
Many books of great importance in the history of Ukrainian national book publishing were printed on this paper. Among them are: the first book printed in Kiev - "Book of Hours" (1616), the first Ukrainian collection of poems "The wreath of virtues of the God-blessed Yelisey Pleteniecki" (1618), the first Ukrainian dictionary - "Lexicon Sloveno-Roski" (1627), and the book of church songs "Triodion" (1627).
The Radomysl paper mill’s role was increased by metropolitan of Kyiv and Halych Peter Mohyla (1597-1647), who initiated reforms of the Orthodox education system in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. These reforms increased a demand for a lot of new books, not only religious ones, but also works on philosophy, dictionaries, historical chronicles, polemical books, works which studied nature etc. As a result, there was an increased demand for paper. Peter Mohyla invited German workers to Radomysl, who taught Lavra monks to work on new paper-making machines. Those Germans founded the German settlement which existed in Radomysl until the early 1930s.
The first and only known director of the paper mill in Radomysl was Panteleimon Kochanowski. He was well-educated person and the editor of several compilations or Ukrainian chronicles. In 1654, Kochanowski refused to take the oath of allegiance to Tsar Alexey Mikhailovich of Moscow.
It is not known exactly how many years the paper mill actually operated. It was destroyed either during the Khmelnytsky uprising or during the so-called period of the Ruin – the struggle for power held by the gentry and Cossack leaders in the second half of the 17th century. In 1682, King Jan III Sobieski issued a decree to render the town of Radomysl to the Uniate bishopric in Lviv. The decree had an attachment mentioning all properties in Radomysl except for the paper mill.
In October 29, 2009 in Radomysl a monument to Yelisey Pleteniecki was unveiled near the place where the paper mill stood. This is perhaps the only monument in Ukraine constructed on the surface of moving water. Today the monument is the part of the "Radomysl Castle" historical and cultural complex created in 2007-2011 by well-known Ukrainian doctor and public activist, Olga Bohomolets, MD. The castle is famous not only in Ukraine but also internationally as the first and probably the only museum of Ukrainian home icons. The museum is based upon Mrs. Bohomolets’ private collection of icons.
There are plans to revive the paper manufacturing process of the 17th century in current Radomysl Castle.

</doc>
<doc id="36755945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755945" title="Diego Karg">
Diego Karg

Diego Karg (born 9 August 1990 in Arnhem) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for FC Den Bosch.

</doc>
<doc id="36755948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755948" title="Tongue River Dam">
Tongue River Dam

Tongue River Dam (National ID # MT00002) is a dam in Big Horn County, Montana, a few miles north of the Wyoming state border.
The earthen dam was constructed in the river canyon in 1939, with a height of 91 feet and a length at its crest of 1824 feet. It impounds Montana's north-flowing Tongue River for flood control and irrigation water storage. The dam and reservoir are owned and operated by the state of Montana's Department of Natural Resources.
The 12-mile-long riverine reservoir it creates, Tongue River Reservoir, has a normal water surface of 5.5 square miles, a maximum capacity of 150,000 acre-feet, and normal storage of 69,400 acre-feet. Recreation includes boating, fishing (for bass, crappie, walleye and northern pike), camping (at more than 150 campsites), etc., in the Tongue River Reservoir State Park. For white-water rafters the Tongue is a Class I river from the Dam downstream (northward) to its confluence with the Yellowstone River.

</doc>
<doc id="36755954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755954" title="Sant Agostino alla Zecca, Naples">
Sant Agostino alla Zecca, Naples

Sant Agostino alla Zecca, also known as Sant'Agostino Maggiore is a church in central Naples, Italy.
Originally granted to the Augustinian monks by Robert I of Anjou in 1259. The church underwent extensive reconstruction in the Baroque period by Bartolomeo Picchiati. It name derives from its location near the former mint. Since the Irpinia earthquake of 1980, it has been closed and is in a poor state of conservation. The interior has frescoes of Giacinto Diano in the Sacristy.

</doc>
<doc id="36755971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755971" title="Västanfors">
Västanfors

Västanfors is a district ("stadsdel") of Fagersta and is located in Fagersta Municipality, Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="36755980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755980" title="German submarine U-315">
German submarine U-315

German submarine "U-315" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 7 July 1942 at the "Flender Werke" yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 315, launched on 29 May 1943 and commissioned on 10 July under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Herbert Zoller.
During her career, the U-boat sailed on 11 combat patrols, sinking one ship and causing another to be declared a total loss, before she surrendered in May 1945.
She was a member of 13 wolfpacks.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla from 10 July 1943. She was then transferred to the 11th flotilla for operations on 1 March 1944. She was reassigned to the 13th flotilla on 15 September 1944.
The boat made the short journey from Kiel in Germany to Bergen in Norway, in February 1944.
1st patrol.
The submarine's first patrol began with her departure from Bergen on 21 February 1944. After covering the Norwegian and Barents seas, she docked at Narvik on 9 March.
2nd - 6th patrols.
A similar pattern now became apparent, except her sixth sortie took the U-boat to the entrance to Murmansk in the Soviet Union.
7th, 8th and 9th patrols.
"U-315"s seventh foray was, at five days, her shortest; starting in Bogenbucht (west of Narvik), on 29 September 1944 and finishing in Hammerfest on 3 October.
Her eighth patrol was fairly routine, after which she moved from Kilbotn to Skjomenfjord in November 1944.
The boat's ninth patrol was much the same as her eighth, passing north of Bear Island between 29 and 30 November 1944.
10th patrol.
Patrol number 10 took the submarine to the gap between the Faroe and Shetland Islands.
11th patrol.
What turned out to be "U-315"s last patrol was her longest (69 days) and most successful. On 22 March 1945, she sank the "Empire Kingsley" northwest of Lands End. In the same area, she torpedoed on 29 March. The Canadian frigate lost of her stern and although she did not sink, was declared a total loss.
Fate.
The boat surrendered in Trondheim at war's end. There, she was broken up in March 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="36755984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755984" title="Valentin Gjokaj">
Valentin Gjokaj

Valentin Gjokaj (born 23 August 1993) is an Albanian football defender currently a Free Agent after he was released by Derby County.
Club career.
FC Luzern.
Born in Lucerne, Gjokaj began his career at hometown Swiss club FC Luzern and played for the club's under-18 team before having trial at Premier League side Blackburn Rovers in August 2011, playing the full 90 minutes a in a reserve pre-season friendly against Chorley, which Rovers won 2–1. After this trial Gjokaj returned to Luzern and featured 14 times for the second team in the 1.Liga Group 3 during the 2011–12 season, scoring 4 goals after he made his début in March 2012 against GC Biaschesi. In May 2012, Gjokaj had a trial at Premier League club Newcastle United. However he failed to get a deal and Gjokaj was released by Luzern at the end of the season.
Derby County.
In July 2012, ahead of the 2012–13 season, Gjokaj went on trial at Championship side Derby County, featuring in a pre-season friendly against Mansfield Town on 25 July 2012. Gjokaj impressed in this game and was given further run outs against Burton Albion and Northampton Town. Gjokaj returned to his home in Switzerland, but Derby manager Nigel Clough was keen to sign him. Gjokaj signed a two-year contract with the club, with an option of a third year on 18 August 2012.
Gjokaj made his competitive first team début in a 2–2 draw against Sheffield Wednesday on 18 August 2012, as an 87th minute substitute for Will Hughes. Gjokaj spent the following three months as a regular for Derby's under-21 side, before he joined League One outfit Carlisle United on loan for six weeks on 22 November. However he was recalled after a month, after making only one appearance as a second half substitute in an FA Cup match against Bournemouth on 1 December. Upon his return at Derby, Gjokaj was again mainly featuring for the clubs under-21 team and as an unused substitute for the first before, before making his first start at right back in Derby's 1–1 draw at Cardiff City on 5 March 2013.
During the 2013–14 pre-season, Gjokaj took part in Derby's first team friendlies. As confirmed by Nigel Clough, the player was going to be used as cover in central defence for Jake Buxton and Richard Keogh as more senior options Shaun Barker and Mark O'Brien were both recovering from knee injuries.
Gjokaj joined Barnet on loan on 14 February 2014. On 18 March 2014, Gjokaj extended his loan stay with the "Bees" until the end of the 2013–14 season. His first goal for them came in a 2-1 win over Forest Green Rovers on 5 April 2014. He scored the only goal in a 1-0 win at Nuneaton Town on 19 April, scoring from outside the box. In total, he scored twice in his 14 appearances for the Bees.
International career.
Gjokaj was eligible for both Switzerland and Albania at international level and in January 2013, Gjokaj was called up for the Albania under-21 for their friendly against Macedonia under-21 on 6 February. Gjokaj played the full 90 minutes of the game, which ended 0–0.
Career statistics.
1Other appearances include Football League Trophy, FA Community Shield and play-off appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="36755986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755986" title="Ian Claes">
Ian Claes

Ian Claes (born 16 July 1981 in Sint-Truiden) is a retired Belgian professional footballer. During his career, he played as a forward for Sint-Truiden, Heerenveen, KV Mechelen, Oud-Heverlee Leuven and Tongeren.
As a promising youngster with Sint-Truiden, Claes was selected for two 2000 UEFA European Under-18 Football Championship qualifying matches in 1999 and signed by Dutch team Heerenveen lead by Foppe de Haan. As De Haan was impressed, Claes was immediately brought into the first team, playing the first two matches of the 2000-01 season. For unclear reasons, he never played any matches for Heerenveen thereafter, moving back to Belgium the next season at Mechelen. Although Claes gained 4 caps for the Belgium U21 during the 2002 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification, scoring one goal against Latvia, he only featured in three matches and during the 2002-03 season, Mechelen loaned him out to Belgian Third Division team OH Leuven. As a result of Mechelen being refused a Belgian professional football license after going into liquidation later that season, the contract of Claes was annulled, causing him to be a free player after his loan spell at OH Leuven. He played one more season at Tongeren, before quitting professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="36755991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755991" title="1967 AFC Youth Championship">
1967 AFC Youth Championship

The AFC Youth Championship 1967 was held in Bangkok, Thailand.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Group Stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Group C.
<br>
Group D.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36755992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36755992" title="Heshi">
Heshi

Heshi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756001" title="Battle of Maipu order of battle">
Battle of Maipu order of battle

The Battle of Maipú (Spanish: Batalla de Maipú) was a battle fought near Santiago, Chile on April 5, 1818 between Patriots and Royalists, during the Spanish American Wars of Independence. The Patriots led by José de San Martín effectively destroyed the Spanish Royalist forces commanded by General Mariano Osorio, and won the independence of Chile. The order of battle was:
See also.
Battle of Maipu

</doc>
<doc id="36756006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756006" title="Roundtop Filling Station">
Roundtop Filling Station

The Roundtop Filling Station, in Sherwood, Arkansas, United States, is one of only two structures in Sherwood to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Roundtop Filling Station was built in 1936 by the Justin Matthews Company for the Pierce Oil Company. Pierce Oil was one of the “baby Standards” formed after the U.S. Government’s breakup of John D. Rockefeller’s Standard Oil Company in 1911. Pierce operated gasoline stations in Arkansas, southern Missouri, western Louisiana, Oklahoma, Texas, and Mexico. 
In 1936, Pierce Oil contracted the Justin Matthews Company to construct a uniquely shaped gasoline station along U.S. Highway 67. It is believed the structure was designed by Matthews’ company architect, Frank Carmean, and was built by builder C.C. Eubanks.
Wallace David “Happy” Williford, a senior at Jacksonville High School in Jacksonville, Arkansas, and employee at another Pierce-owned station in Jacksonville, was asked by the company to come operate the new service station. Williford agreed and worked at the station before and after attending school. Williford paid men to operate the station for him during school hours, but says it was hard finding men who would only work for $3.50 a week. For rent, Pierce charged Williford two cents per gallon of gas sold. At first, the station had no electric gas pumps, and Williford and his employees had to hand pump the gas up into the glass bowl before filling each car's tank.
Around 1940, the Roundtop became a Sinclair station, after Pierce Oil was purchased by the Sinclair Oil Company. Around this time, electric pumps were installed Some time in the early 1950s, Sinclair sold many of their Arkansas stations, including the Roundtop, to the Phillips Petroleum Company, and the station became a Phillips 66 branded station. In the 1970s, the station would become a DX branded station, and at the time it closed in 1981, it was a Sunoco branded station due to Sun Oil Company’s acquisition of DX.
By 1957, Williford had saved up enough money to purchase the station for $8,000. With business booming, Willford would open up another gas station at the foot of the Broadway Bridge in North Little Rock (Pulaski County), near the site of present day Dickey-Stephens Park. Williford later closed that station and opened another at 914 East Broadway in North Little Rock. During this time, Williford leased the Roundtop to others. He returned to the Roundtop in the mid-1970s and operated it exclusively until he retired and closed the business in 1981.
In 1989, Wayne Ball, a local auctioneer, coincidentally, a former station employee from his youth, conducted the auction of the Roundtop on behalf of Williford. The winning bidder was George E. Brown, a North Little Rock businessman. Brown planned to renovate the then dilapidated building; however before this could happen, Brown died, and, in 1999, his heirs donated the station to the City of Sherwood, which had annexed the area in 1975.
For years, the gas station-turned-landmark sat abandoned, and, over time, was the victim of vandalism and theft. In the mid-2000s, Becki Vassar, a former member of Sherwood’s City Council, advocated for the restoration of the station and ultimately caused it to be listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
In 2010, the Roundtop was featured in “The Last Ride,” a film about Hank Williams, Sr., directed by Arkansas native Harry Thomasson. The scenes filmed at Roundtop include, several of the Williams character, his young chauffeur, Silas, and his love interest.
In January, 2013, Sherwood Mayor Virginia Hillman, appointed Darrell W. Brown, an employee of the Department of Arkansas Heritage and lifelong resident of Sherwood, to chair the first Sherwood History and Heritage Commission. Brown, along with Kelly Coughlin, Director of Economic Development for the Sherwood Chamber of Commerce, began working to obtain grant money to aid in the restoration of the Roundtop. On June 5, 2013, the City of Sherwood was notified by the Office of Arkansas Governor Mike Beebe that Sherwood had received a $50,000 historic preservation grant for the Roundtop project from the Arkansas Historic Preservation Program of the Department of Arkansas Heritage.
The commission is considering a restoration of the gas station to its original condition and converting it into a Sherwood Police substation.

</doc>
<doc id="36756008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756008" title="Vakhtang Balavadze (politician)">
Vakhtang Balavadze (politician)

Vakhtang Balavadze () (born August 23, 1978) is a Georgian politician and the current governor of the Imereti region. He was Minister of Energy and Natural Resources of Georgia from August 13, 2012 to October 25, 2012.
Career.
A native of Tbilisi, Balavadze graduated from the Georgian Technical University with a degree in Construction Management in 1999 and obtained PhD in Technical Sciences in 2006. Balavadze's involvement in the politics of Georgia began in 2002 when he joined the political organization "Young Democrats' Union". He was elected to the Parliament of Georgia on a United National Movement ticket in 2004 and again in 2008. From 2010 to 2012, he chaired the Parliamentary Committee for Regional Policy, Self-Government, and Mountainous Regions. On August 13, 2012, he was appointed Minister of Energy of Georgia, succeeding Alexander Khetaguri. In October 2012, President Mikheil Saakashvili made him governor of the western Georgian region of Imereti.

</doc>
<doc id="36756014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756014" title="Frank Korpershoek">
Frank Korpershoek

Frank Korpershoek (born 29 October 1984 in Heemstede) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Telstar in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.

</doc>
<doc id="36756049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756049" title="Donny Rijnink">
Donny Rijnink

Donny Rijnink (born 14 April 1990 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Katwijk in the Dutch Topklasse. He formerly played for Almere City and Telstar.

</doc>
<doc id="36756051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756051" title="Sergei Baranov">
Sergei Baranov

Sergei Baranov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756056" title="Wish me mell">
Wish me mell

The series image song is "Stay the Same," performed by Japanese singer Mai Kuraki. The song itself is used in some Sanrio Puroland events.
Development.
The series debuted on December 27, 2010 and is officially targeted toward girls ages 15–20, mainly high school and college students, who were too shy to express their feelings toward others. On its official debut, the main character design was not revealed and that the character "Just won't come out" of her egg-shaped house. Sanrio stated that her official release describes her as being "withdrawn" and implores her fans to send her as many messages and Tweets as possible to encourage her to show her face, leading to criticisms to her being a hikikomori. On January 25, 2011, the official character design of Mell was revealed for the first time. An official Ameba blog, Facebook and Twitter account were made for the fans to interact with the characters of the series. The official blog is updated with site and story updates for the series.
A special promotion of "Wish me mell" were done in collaboration with the Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto during June 2011 for its Journey of Cheer event, making it the first Sanrio series to have a joint collaboration between the company and the academia.
On July 2011, the official blog stated that the series had ended its first chapter. It began the second chapter a day later. The second chapter introduces to two new characters: an alpaca named Roseanne and a puppy named Maimai. Maimai is based on the Japanese pop singer Mai Kuraki, who collaborated with Sanrio on releasing the series's image song "Stay the Same". The official PV and the song is included in Mai's 10th album "Over the Rainbow", released January 11, 2012.
In a new blog entry, Sanrio announced that the company will collaborate with the Japanese fashion company Angelic Pretty to release special accessories based on "Wish me mell". On October 2, Sanrio will introduce another collaboration to the series, with two several teaser blogs showing a new character's arrival in Merci Hills. In October 6, the character is revealed to be Buzzy, the official mascot of Karel Capek, a tea shop in Japan. Sanrio announced the collaboration with Karel Capek to make merchandise and tea-related goods based on the "Wish me mell" series, with illustrations from Utako Yamada.
In October 12, 2012, Sanrio released several stamps of the "Wish me mell" characters for the instant messaging software LINE.
Story.
Mell lives in the magical world of , located beyond the rainbow where everyone is living happily while their feelings are connected toward each other and words like "Thank you" can bring warmth to everyone's hearts. Mell and her friends were guided by the rainbow fairy, Ciel, who gives them advice. All the dezinens of Merci Hills are students who came from other countries. Mell and her friends are also students living in Merci Hills, but they have their own mission given to them by Ciel.
The story depends on the blog entries on the official blog, excluding site updates and promotions.
Chapter 1: Seven-Colored Mission.
The series's first chapter focuses on Mell, a rabbit from France who is withdrawn from everyone on believing she doesn't have any friends. Ciel, looking at this situation, asked everyone to send as many letters to everyone to make her come out. The same time, Mell's friends came to study at the Hills and Ciel asked them take care of the special eggs and told them if they polish them every day, the eggs will change color. And when all seven eggs were gathered, something good will happen. Each of the students accepted the mission and they all received the eggs from Ciel. Then, they went to Mell's house and decided to cheer her up and wanted to help her, though it never worked as her house stayed shut. One day, Poco founded a strange egg on the Merci lake and brings it into Mell's house. He told Mell to take good care of it and it will be a secret between the two. As the days go by, Lutz, the postman of Merci Hills visited Mell's house and delivered a special letter to her and also said that it's his last day in Merci Hills as his studies are over and is leaving the place so he can go back to his country, Kenya. As Mell reads the letter, she felt for the first time, the warmth of caring on her heart, reminding her that she really has friends to care for her. Mell herself decides to come out of her house for the first time and meet up with Lutz, deciding to become a postman in order to connect everyone's hearts, just like how everyone connected theirs to her. As Lutz is happy on the rabbit's determination, he gave her his red mailbag as a keepsake and leaves.
Mell then introduced to another friend from Australia, a koala named Lou who recently moved into the Hills to study. Ciel gave her the egg for him to polish on. One day, the egg that Poco entrusted to Mell started to crack and later hatched into a young dragon girl named Nina. Ciel explained that Nina is from Nordic Countries, and her egg got washed up onto the lake of Merci Hills. She has no idea who her mother was, confusing Mell and her friends about her origin but decided to find who Nina's mother was. Ciel asked Nina if she can handle the mission on taking care of the egg and she agrees. On each hardships she and her friends endure, they never forgot their mission on polishing the eggs. But each of them has their own goal: Marin's goal is to have good food, Poco's goal is to make everyone laugh and smile, Chico's goal is to find the charming points to her friends, Aro's goal is to believe into someone, Lou's goal is to confront each difficulty and obstacle he face, Nina's goal is to find her mother and Mell's goal is to connect everyone's hearts. In those times, each of the eggs that have been polished changed its colors. Mell then received a letter from Lutz along with a souvenir: a keychain with red Masai beads. Mell keeps it as a lucky charm.
One day in Merci Hills, a circus has came to town with the main attraction is a dragon who can use the Aurora Flame. She was a great performer in the circus and believed from the rumors that she could be Nina's mother. As the day of the performance came, everyone went to see the dragon and find out if she is Nina's mother. Nina is very anxious, thinking that she may not be the one she's been searching for. As the dragon blows its Aurora Flame, everyone were dazzled and amazed on the colors. At long last, Nina is happy that she finally found her mother, continuing her performance in the circus. After the performance, Nina's mother asked Mell to deliver a very special letter to Nina before leaving Merci Hills. Nina received the letter from her mother through Mell later on, saying on how she was doing. At the same time, the last egg has shine in its bright color. As the seven eggs were gathered, a rainbow formed above the skies of Merci Hills, connecting it to the human world.
However, during the fortunate event, Mell received a special letter from the college students in Japan, saying if she can deliver and connect the feelings of everyone in there. Mell accepted the mission and decided to cross the Rainbow Bridge, leaving Merci Hills as she ventures to Japan to connect everyone's feelings in the human world. The others were studying back at Merci Hills to fulfill their goals.
Chapter 2: Strange new Creatures.
The second chapter of the series focuses on Mell visiting the human world for the first time as well as introducing to two new characters in Merci Hills: Roseanne and Maimai. The story mostly focuses on the meeting between Mell and Maimai and the mysteries behind the Prism Candy.
Media.
Animated shorts.
Several animated shorts that coincides with the storyline of the series were released by Sanrio and animated by Fanworks, who animated "The Bears' School" and "Hanoka". The first short, "Miracle Circus" is released on June 2011, limited to Mobile Users only. It was released on YouTube several days later. The second short, "Maimai's Humming Concert" is also connected to the story blogs, which explains how Mell met Maimai.
Books.
Shufunotomo published a storybook based on the series titled on May 26, 2011.
Live appearances.
The titular character appeared in Sanrio Puroland live shows, sometimes featuring other Sanrio characters.
Reception.
"Wish me mell" was dubbed as the 17th highly voted Sanrio character franchise in the 26th Sanrio Character Ranking in 2011. In 2012, after the introduction of Maimai, Mell became the 12th highly voted Sanrio character while Maimai became the 14th highly voted Sanrio character in the 27th Sanrio Character Ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="36756062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756062" title="San Giuseppe a Chiaia, Naples">
San Giuseppe a Chiaia, Naples

San Giuseppe a Chiaia is a church in Naples, Italy. Originally founded as a chapel for the Jesuit Order; it was enlarged during 1666-1673 under designs by Tommaso Carrere.
With the suppression of the Jesuit Order, the church changed management. About 1817, under the patronage of Ferdinando I it became a hospice for the blind called the "Casa di San Giuseppe e Lucia".
The interior has a paintings of "St Ignatius of Loyola" by Luca Giordano, "Family of the Virgin" by Nicola Malinconico, a "St Anne" and "Holy Family" by Francesco di Maria.

</doc>
<doc id="36756073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756073" title="The Butterfly LLC">
The Butterfly LLC

The Butterfly LLC is an American aircraft manufacturer specializing in homebuilt gyroplanes. Complete gyroplane kits are offered for the homebuilt market, as well as completed aircraft marketed for law enforcement surveillance. "The" is prefixed to the name of products.

</doc>
<doc id="36756085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756085" title="MEGA Cosmos (Ethnic Channels Group)">
MEGA Cosmos (Ethnic Channels Group)

MEGA Cosmos was a Canadian Category B Greek language specialty channel and was owned by Ethnic Channels Group. It broadcast programming from MEGA Cosmos, a television channel in Greece, and local Canadian content. 
MEGA Cosmos is the international network of Mega Channel, a television network in Greece. MEGA Cosmos features news, top-rated series including comedies and dramas, game shows, reality series and more.
History.
MEGA Cosmos Canada was licensed by the CRTC on August 9, 2006 as "Greek TV 1".
On May 31, 2012, MEGA Cosmos Canada ceased broadcasting due to Ethnic Channels Group no longer possessing the programming rights for MEGA Cosmos. 
The MEGA Cosmos brand was relaunched in Canada under the ownership of Odyssey Television Network in June 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756088" title="Madelon Hooykaas">
Madelon Hooykaas

Else Madelon Hooykaas (born 28 September 1942, Maartensdijk) is a Dutch video artist, photographer and film maker. She makes films, sculptures, audio-video installations and has published several books.
Biography.
Madelon Hooykaas grew up in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Before leaving for Paris in 1964, she studied under various Dutch photographers.
In 1966 she was awarded the Europhot Prize for young photographers, as the Netherlands representative, and she then left for England to work on the photo project "Along the Pilgrim’s Way to Canterbury", inspired by Geoffrey Chaucer’s "The Canterbury Tales". She remained in England as visiting student at the Ealing School of Art & Design in London.
Professionally what interested her was to make films and photography as vehicles for conceptual art and she made particular use of sequential photography. In Brussels she worked in a film laboratory and in Paris she was an assistant film production assistant before establishing herself as freelance photographer and film maker.
In 1968 she was awarded a travel scholarship by the Netherlands Ministry of the Arts to spend a year in the United States. In New York she worked as assistant to the photographers Philip Halsman and Bert Stern and had lessons from Gary Winogrand and Joel Meyerowitz. In California a meeting with Alan Watts formed the start of her lifelong interest in Zen Buddhism.
Back in the Netherlands, she moved to Amsterdam and started writing articles for the journal "Foto", interviewing figures such as Robert Doisneau and Jacques Henri Lartigue. For a short while she worked as a portrait and fashion photographer, experimenting meanwhile with Polaroid photos in combination with texts; she also made silk screen prints in this period.
In 1970 she left for Japan to interview a number of photographers and with the aim of experiencing life in a Zen cloister. She was the first European woman to get permission to stay in a traditional monastery to take photographs. In 1971 her photo book "Zazen", was published, for which she and the Dutch poet Bert Schierbeek compiled the texts. The publication of this book greatly enhanced her reputation and English and German editions followed.1 Five years later another book appeared, "Death Shadow", for which Hooykaas made the photos and Schierbeek wrote the poem.2
In 1972 Madelon Hooykaas held solo exhibitions of her Polaroid experiments in Il Diaframma in Milan, and The Photographer’s Gallery in London.3 Her work plays with space and time.4 Photo works by Madelon Hooykaas form part of the permanent collection of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York, the Centre Georges Pompidou/Musée National d’Art Moderne in Paris, the Bibliothèque Nationale de France (Paris) and the University of Leiden.
1972 also marked the start of her intensive collaboration in the field of film with the Scottish artist Elsa Stansfield, alternately in London and Amsterdam. Their first film, "Een van die dagen" of Those Days was broadcast on Dutch TV in 1973. Under the name Stansfield/Hooykaas the artist pair produced their first video installations from 1975 onwards and acquired fame as European video pioneers. During their thirty-two years partnership they produced a good hundred and fifty works.
Their work deals with the relation between nature and spirituality and explores scientific principles and natural forces such as radio waves and magnetic fields. Hooykaas and Stansfield make use of contemporary technology such as film, audio and video in combination with organic materials such as sand, glass and copper. In their work they show that everything that exists is animated by movement and change.
Work by Stansfield/Hooykaas is included in various international museum collections, and in the Netherlands it was awarded the Judith Leyster Prize in 1996.
The installations and films of Hooykaas/Stansfield have been exhibited in many venues, for instance in Montreal, Sydney (Biennale), Chicago, Madrid, Reykjavik, Kassel (Documenta), Museum of Modern Art in New York (MoMA), Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, Bremen, Hanover, Berlin, Washington D.C., Lucerne, London (Whitechapel Gallery), Toronto, Hong Kong, Helsinki, Tokyo, Stockholm, Gemeentemuseum The Hague, Dundee and Hafnarfjordur. At the Film Festival in Split, Croatia in 1999 they were awarded the Grand Prix for New Media for "Person to Person" (CD-ROM).
The interactive website "Wishing Tree" was realized in 2002 for the Center for Art and Technology at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, in collaboration with Rodrigo Cadiz and Brian Sarfatty.
In 2004 Elsa Stansfield died unexpectedly. In the years that followed Madelon Hooykaas produced various video installations and audio works, both under the name Stansfield/Hooykaas and her own name, including Daydreaming and Haiku, the Art of the Present Moment, inspired by the poetry of Matsuo Basho.
In 2009 Madelon Hooykaas again travelled to Japan to stay in a Zen monastery. In 2010 she made two films about this second visit – "Zazen nu/Zazen now" and "Het Pad/The Path" – and she published the photo book Zazen nu now with an essay by Nico Tydeman.5
In 2010 the book "Revealing the Invisible – The Art of Stansfield/Hooykaas from Different Perspectives" also appeared.6 This standard work about the oeuvre of Hooykaas and Stansfield contains international contributions by David F. Peat, Malcolm Dickson, Dorothea Franck, Nicole Gingras, Heiner Holtappels, Janneke Wesseling, Kitty Zijlmans and others.
For De Ketelfactory project space in Schiedam and for C.C.A. in Glasgow (Scotland) Madelon Hooykaas made the video installation and drawing "Mount Analogue" (2010), inspired by René Daumal's book "Le Mont Analogue", on which Dorothea Franck wrote the essay "Kunst en aandacht – Het beklimmen van Mount Analogue" and Mindfulness – Climbing Mount Analogue.7
Recent exhibitions and screenings of works by Stansfield/Hooykaas and by Madelon Hooykaas were held in Museum Gouda, the Netherlands, and C.C.A. and Street Level Photoworks in Glasgow, Scotland (2010), Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam (2011) and Biennale de Quebec, Canada, Museum of Religious Art in Uden and Japan Museum Siebolt House, the Netherlands, and Tate Modern London (2012). In 2014 works of Elsa Stansfield/Madelon Hooykaas will be exhibited at 'The Invisible Force Behind.' at Imai – inter media art institute within Quadriennale Dusseldorf.
References.
1. Else Madelon Hooykaas (photographs and diary) and Bert Schierbeek (essay) "Zazen", 1971, N. Kluwer, Deventer; a German edition of "Zazen" was published in 1972 by Otto Wilhelm Barth Verlag, Weilheim Obb, BRD; and the English edition of "Zazen" in 1974 by Omen Press, Tucson, Arizona, USA
2. Else Madelon Hooykaas / Bert Schierbeek "Death Shadow", 1976, Fiz-Subverspress, Alkmaar. The poem "Death Shadow Else Madelon Hooykaas" also appeared in: Bert Schierbeek "De gedichten" Poems, de Bezige Bij, Amsterdam, 2004, pp. 522–528
3. Else Madelon Hooykaas 'Vita in Sequenza' in "Il Diaframma" no. 172, May 1972, p. 7
4. Else Madelon Hooykaas 'Time, an Abstract Symbol' in "Creative Camera" no 99, September 1972, London, pp. 318–319
5. Madelon Hooykaas (photographs and diary) and Nico Tydeman (essay) "Zazen nu - Het dagelijks leven in een Japans zenklooster", 2010, Ankh-Hermes, Deventer
6. "Revealing the Invisible - The Art of Stansfield/Hooykaas from Different Perspectives", Edited by Madelon Hooykaas and Claire van Putten, 2010, de Buitenkant Publishers, Amsterdam
7. Dorothea Franck 'Kunst en aandacht – Het beklimmen van Mount Analogue’ in: "Stansfield/Hooykaas - Revealing the Invisible", De Ketelfactory, Schiedam, 2011, pp. 19–29
8. http://www.bosrtv.nl/uitzending.aspx?lIntEntityId=148&lIntType=0&lIntYear=2005
9. Madelon Hooykaas, Contemporary Music Review, 2006, Vol. 25 Issue 5/6, p447-449.

</doc>
<doc id="36756091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756091" title="Zubeida Mustafa">
Zubeida Mustafa

Zubeida Mustafa (born 1941) is a freelance journalist from Pakistan. She became the first woman to work in the country's mainstream media, when she joined Dawn in 1975.
Background.
Born in British India, Mustafa moved to Pakistan with her family after Partition. She is married and has two daughters.
Education.
Mustafa completed her BA and then her MA in International Relations from University of Karachi. She also earned her Masters in Philosophy and PhD at the London School of Economics under a Commonwealth Scholarship. 
Career.
Mustafa joined Dawn, Pakistan's leading English language daily in 1975 as assistant editor. She was the only woman in the Dawn newsroom during that time, so she used her gender to her advantage and covered the stories that the men could not cover, such as women's issues concerning health and human rights.
As a female journalist, Mustafa has stated that the injustices Pakistani women suffer "touches her deeply." According to a 2012 Newsline Magazine profile, she mentions the how important it is for women to seize the opportunities given to them. Though women's issues was her main beat, she also focused on education, empowerment, health and population. She has stated that focusing on education was important since the root of problems in Pakistan was the country's failure to educate their citizens, especially in health issues.
In 1986, Mustafa was awarded the Global Media Award for Excellence by The Population Institute in Washington for her research and writings on population control in Pakistan. 
In 2012, Mustafa was awarded a Lifetime Achievement Award by the International Women Media Foundation for her coverage on women's issues, politics, educations, health and culture. 

</doc>
<doc id="36756110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756110" title="Stefan Dimitrov">
Stefan Dimitrov

Stefan Dimitrov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756118" title="Jergé Hoefdraad">
Jergé Hoefdraad

Jergé Hoefdraad (born 17 July 1986 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a Winger for Almere City in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for RKC Waalwijk and Telstar before he returned to Almere City.

</doc>
<doc id="36756129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756129" title="Gerda Höjer">
Gerda Höjer

Gerda Höjer (23 July 1893 - 20 June 1974), was a Swedish nurse and politician for the Liberal People's Party.
Gerda Höjer was a nurse and the president of the Swedish Association of Nurses from 1945 to 1960. 
She was a member of the second chamber of the Riksdag (1949-1960) and she was focused on social issues, particularly health and medical care policy. She was awarded the Florence Nightingale Medal by the International Committee of the Red Cross after World War II, and was the President of the International Council of Nurses in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="36756138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756138" title="Homewood, Manitoba">
Homewood, Manitoba

Homewood is an unincorporated community in south central Manitoba, Canada. It is located approximately 10 kilometers (6 miles) east of Carman, Manitoba in the Rural Municipality of Dufferin. The privately owned and operated Homewood Airport is located near the community.

</doc>
<doc id="36756142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756142" title="William Collier (colonist)">
William Collier (colonist)

William Collier ( 1585–1671) He came to Plymouth in 1633 as one of the few London-based Merchant Adventurers, a colony investment group, to settle in New England. He was often elected as an Assistant Governor in the thirty-some years between 1634/5 and 1665. He was on the side of the government leaders in the historic 1645 dispute with liberal religious leader William Vassall. During his long life involved in public service, he served on the Council of War and served at times as a commissioner of the United Colonies, a New England colonies military alliance primarily for defense against Indian attack. 
English Origins.
William Collier was born in England about 1585, based on the date of his marriage. He was a purveyor grocer in England being apprenticed to William Russell, becoming a member of the Grocer's Company of London on March 3, 1627/8. He was a resident of St. Olave in Southwark (London), operating a brew-house, per William Bradford's reference to a "brew-house of Mr. Collier's in London." Records show that he was also a resident St. Mary Magdalen Parish, Bermondsey (London).
England - Merchant Adventurers.
While residing in England in 1626, William Collier's signature appears on an agreement with the names of fifty-eight Purchasers, the new investment group for Plymouth Colony, replacing the previous group, the Merchant Adventurers. The colony debt would be assumed by a small new group titled "the Undertakers" composed of colony leaders. The Purchasers were privileged above all others in future colony land grants, with Collier's signature on the agreement as "Mr. Wm Collyer."
In Plymouth Colony.
Collier and his family came to Plymouth in 1633 on an unknown ship, possibly the ship "Mary and Jane", which sailed from London in March, 1633.
He was praised by Nathaniel Morton: "This year (1633) likewise Mr. William Collier arrived with his Family in New-England, who as he had been a good Benefactor to the Colony of New-Plimouth before he came over, having been an Adventurer unto it at its first beginning; so also he approved himself a very useful instrument in that Jurisdiction after he arrived, being frequently Chosen, and for divers years serving God and the Country in the place of Magistracy, and lived a godly and holy life until old age".
On January 2, 1633/34 his name appears as one of 80 names on tax rates being assessed by the new governor, Thomas Prence.
In 1633/4 Collier was admitted a freeman. He moved to Duxbury, Massachusetts after 1639.
Between 1634/5 and 1665 he was often elected one of the Assistants to the Governor and appeared to side with the more conservative leaders.
Collier was on the Council of War, and served at times as a commissioner of the United Colonies, a military group composed of New England Puritan colonies against the Indians.
In 1646, Collier was one of the conservative Assistants in opposition to what became known as the "Bay Colony Remonstrance" initiated supposedly by William Vassall. This was related to an incident in 1645 whereby Vassall had petitioned the Plymouth General Court asking for full religious toleration for all well-behaving men - i.e. freedom of religion. Many of the town deputies and Assistants, including senior leader Myles Standish, were in favor of the Vassall petition, but with Governor Bradford and Assistants Collier, Thomas Prence and Edward Winslow opposed. The petition could have passed, but for delaying action by Bradford giving the conservative side time to maneuver against it, which ultimately spelled its defeat.
Collier resided in Duxbury and in 1649/50 he deeded ten acres of land in Duxbury to "my kinsman William Clark", which may refer to him being a relative of his wife Jane.
On 7 June 1653, his wife Mrs. Jane Collier made a claim on behalf of her grandchild, the wife of Nathaniel Warren. 
Thomas Prence, known as that "Terrour to evill doers", as written by Nathaniel Morton, was not known for being lenient towards Quakers. Two of them were Arthur and Henry Howland, brothers of Mayflower passenger and Assistant John Howland. About December 22, 1657, Collier and Capt. Josiah Winslow, sent Constable John Philips of Marshfield to a Quaker meeting at Arthur Howland's house in Marshfield, Massachusetts to arrest the Quaker leader, Robert Huchin. But as Philips reported, he could not arrest Huchin as he was being hindered by Howland, who told the Constable "hee would have either a sword or gun in the belly of him". Ironically, ten years later Arthur Howland Jr. the son of Arthur, would marry Thomas Prence's daughter Elizabeth.
On December 2, 1661, Collier of Duxbury, Gentleman, with the consent of Mrs. Jane Collier, sold all his house and land that he was living on in Duxbury to Benjamin Bartlett, "who was not to enter into possession until the death of both William and Jane Collier".
Family of William Collier.
Collier married Jane Clark at St. Olave Parish in Southwark on May 16, 1611 and had thirteen children. Many of those children died young, and they only had four daughters with them in Plymouth Colony. Jane died after June 28, 1666. Her burial place is unknown.
Children of William and Jane Collier:
Death and burial of William Collier.
William Collier died sometime before July 5, 1671, when men were appointed to administer his estate. He was buried in Myles Standish Burial Ground, Duxbury.

</doc>
<doc id="36756147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756147" title="University of Minnesota Aquatic Center">
University of Minnesota Aquatic Center


</doc>
<doc id="36756162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756162" title="Calvin Mac-Intosch">
Calvin Mac-Intosch

Calvin Mac-Intosch (born 9 August 1989 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for SC Cambuur in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for Haarlem and Telstar.

</doc>
<doc id="36756173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756173" title="Arapaho Glacier">
Arapaho Glacier

Arapaho Glacier is an alpine glacier in a cirque immediately southeast of North Arapaho Peak, in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado. The glacier is just east of the Continental Divide. Arapaho Glacier is the largest glacier in the state of Colorado and helps provide water for the city of Boulder, Colorado. The glacier has a negative glacier mass balance and lost 52% of its surface area during the 20th Century. 

</doc>
<doc id="36756178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756178" title="Víctor Rivera">
Víctor Rivera

Víctor Rivera may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756193" title="Norwegian Police Federation">
Norwegian Police Federation

The Norwegian Police Federation () is the trade union which organizes employees from all levels within the police force. The federation is a member of the Confederation of Unions for Professionals, Norway and the European Confederation of Police. It is illegal for police officers to strike. The organization was established in 1997. Arne Johannessen has been leader since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36756195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756195" title="Chinatowns in Canada">
Chinatowns in Canada

Chinatowns in Canada generally exist in the large cities of Vancouver, Edmonton, Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal, and existed in some smaller towns throughout the history of Canada. Prior to 1900, almost all Chinese were located in British Columbia, but have spread throughout Canada thereafter. From 1923 to 1967, immigration from China was suspended due to exclusion laws. In 1997, the handover of Hong Kong to China caused many from there to flee to Canada due to uncertainties. According to an article from the Globe and Mail, Canada had 25 Chinatowns total across the entire country between the 1930s to 1940s, some of which had become extinct.
History.
Chinatowns have existed in Canada since the 1880s with the building of the Canadian Pacific Railway with the first recorded visit in 1788. The first Chinese landed on the Canadian west coast in 1788 and have integrated with the Canadian multicultural society.
Major timeline for Chinese Canadian history is:
Demographics.
Canadians of Chinese descent, including mixed Chinese and other ethnic origins, make up about four percent of the Canadian population, or about 1.3 million people as of 2006. The Chinese Canadian community is the largest ethnic group of Asian Canadians, consisting approximately 40% of the Asian Canadian population. Most of them are concentrated within the provinces of Ontario and British Columbia. The five metropolitan areas with the largest Chinese Canadian populations are the Greater Toronto Area (537,060), Greater Vancouver (402,000), Greater Montreal (120,000), Calgary Region (75,410), and the Edmonton Capital Region (53,670).
Alberta.
Edmonton.
Chinatown and Little Italy is a business revitalization zone (BRZ), created by the City of Edmonton, roughly comprising the informal Chinatown and Little Italy ethnic enclaves in the city's inner neighbourhoods. The boundaries of the BRZ includes only the "commercial strips" within those enclaves, and the BRZ itself strattles the official neighbourhoods of McCauley and Boyle Street.
Calgary.
The Chinatown in Calgary is the largest in Alberta. It spans 1 St E westward to 10 St W and from the Bow River southward to 4 Ave SW. This Chinatown consists of a large shopping centre called Dragon City Mall and a Calgary Chinese Cultural Centre located at 1 St SW. Nearly all of this is post-1930s, as Calgary's original Chinatown was little more than a handful of "Chinese and Western" restaurants in the same area, without the historic Chinese-ethnic residential-commercial quality of more historic Chinatowns like those in Vancouver.
Lethbridge.
Lethbridge has the remains of a once thriving Chinatown. The Kuomintang and Chinese Freemasons buildings are about all that remain on 4 Street South near 2 Street South. By the 1960s, Chinese residents began moving out of the area, and by the end of the 20th century, all but one resident — Albert Leong, owner of Bow On Tong — had moved out, and Chinatown was reduced to one block with only a handful of buildings.
British Columbia.
Vancouver.
Chinatown in Vancouver, British Columbia is Canada's largest Chinatown. Centred on Pender Street, it is surrounded by Gastown and the Downtown Financial and Central Business Districts to the west, the Downtown Eastside to the north, the remnant of old Japantown to the northeast, and the residential neighbourhood of Strathcona to the east. The approximate street borders of Chinatown's official area as designated by the City of Vancouver are the alley between Pender Street and Hastings, Georgia, Gore, and Taylor Streets,
Richmond.
Golden Village is a commercial district of Richmond, British Columbia, Canada best known for its high concentration of Asian-themed shopping malls. Richmond is the home to the second-largest Asian community in North America. Richmond's population is up to 60 percent Asian-Canadian.
Victoria.
The Chinatown in Victoria, British Columbia is the oldest in Canada and second in age only to San Francisco's in North America, with its beginnings in the mass influx of miners from California to what is now British Columbia in 1858. Its history goes back to the mid nineteenth century. It remains an active place for Chinese-Canadians, Victoria residents and tourists. Victoria's Chinatown is now surrounded by cultural, entertainment venues as well as being a venue itself.
Manitoba.
Winnipeg.
Chinatown in Winnipeg, Manitoba was formed in 1909. Located on King Street between James and Higgins Avenues, it was officially recognized in 1968. Winnipeg's Chinatown is home to many shops and restaurants including Asian grocery stores and an herbal products store.
Ontario.
Ottawa.
Ottawa's Chinatown is located along Somerset Street in downtown Ottawa. It runs from Bay Street in the east to Rochester St in the west (according to the Chinatown BIA). Signs for Chinatown continue along Somerset until Preston Street, and Chinese/Asian restaurants can be found even further west.
Toronto.
Chinatown in Downtown Toronto, Ontario, with a high concentration of ethnic Chinese residents and businesses extending along Dundas Street West and Spadina Avenue. First developed in the late 19th century, it is now one of the largest Chinatowns in North America and one of several major Chinese-Canadian communities in the Greater Toronto Area.
Windsor.
Windsor's West Side neighborhood is home to a Chinatown.
Many Asians Americans who long for Chinese food from Detroit often visit this Chinatown, alongside Chicago and Toronto according to another source.
Other Chinatowns in Ontario.
According to an archived copy of an article from the "Globe and Mail" newspaper, Hamilton and Sudbury were also once home to a Chinatown.
Quebec.
Montreal.
Chinatown in Montreal is located in the area of De la Gauchetière Street in Montreal. The neighborhood contains many Asian restaurants, food markets, and convenience stores as well being home to many of Montreal's East Asian community centres, such as the Montreal Chinese Hospital and the Montreal Chinese Community and Cultural Center.
Quebec City.
There was once a Chinatown on Côte d'Abraham in Quebec City, but Autoroute Dufferin-Montmorency cuts through what was once its location. Historically, it paled in size in contrast to its somewhat larger counterpart in Montreal. The first Chinese residents arrived in the late 19th Century. Most Chinese in the area operated business catering to their own: opium dens, mah-jongg, and Chinese laundries. The area peaked in the 1940s and 1950s. The separatist movement caused many to leave in the 1980s and 1990s. Some restaurants and a few Chinese residents remain. Most have moved to Montreal or Toronto.
Saskatchewan.
Moose Jaw.
According to an archived copy of an article from the "Globe and Mail", Moose Jaw was once home to a Chinatown, which existed on River Street West. According to a study by the University of Regina, Moose Jaw's Chinatown initially had 160 Chinese and then grew to 957 by 1911. By the 1920s and 1930s, Moose Jaw's Chinatown was the largest in Saskatechewan with a population of more than 300. More than half of the restaurants in Moose Jaw were owned by Chinese and all but one Laundromat was owned by the Chinese. However, the attitudes of the time reflected much racism and discrimination against the Chinese population that they were even barred from participating in government.
Regina.
Regina's Chinatown is found on 11th Avenue between Broad Street and Winnipeg Street. It features red bilingual street signs (in contrast to the standard English-only blue signs) and a few Asian groceries.
Saskatoon.
In Saskatoon, the Riversdale district has a historical Chinese settlement dating back to the early 20th century, where Chinese immigrants were employed by the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway, and established businesses within this district. Riversdale is currently home to many Chinese restaurants and stores.
Other Chinatowns in Saskatechewan.
According to the University of Regina, other Chinatowns existed in Swift Current and Battleford.

</doc>
<doc id="36756201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756201" title="USCGC Point Franklin (WPB-82350)">
USCGC Point Franklin (WPB-82350)

USCGC "Point Franklin" (WPB-82350) was an Point class cutter constructed at the J.M. Martinac Shipbuilding Corp. yards at Tacoma, Washington in 1966 for use as a law enforcement and search and rescue patrol boat.
Construction and design details.
"Point Franklin" was built to accommodate an 8 man crew. She was powered by two VT800 Cummins diesel main drive engines and had two five-bladed propellers. Water tank capacity was and fuel tank capacity was at 95% full. After 1990 she was refit with Caterpillar diesel main drive engines. Engine exhaust was ported through the transom rather than through a conventional stack and this permitted a 360 degree view from the bridge; a feature that was very useful in search and rescue work as well as a combat environment. 
The design specifications for "Point Franklin" included a steel hull for durability and an aluminum superstructure and longitudinally framed construction was used to save weight. Ease of operation with a small crew size was possible because of the non-manned main drive engine spaces. Controls and alarms located on the bridge allowed one man operation of the cutter thus eliminating a live engineer watch in the engine room. Because of design, four men could operate the cutter; however, the need for resting watchstanders brought the crew size to eight men for normal domestic service. The screws were designed for ease of replacement and could be changed without removing the cutter from the water. A clutch-in idle speed of three knots helped to conserve fuel on lengthy patrols and an eighteen knot maximum speed could get the cutter on scene quickly. Air-conditioned interior spaces were a part of the original design for the Point class cutter. Interior access to the deckhouse was through a watertight door on the starboard side aft of the deckhouse. The deckhouse contained the cabin for the officer-in-charge and the executive petty officer. The deckhouse also included a small arms locker, scuttlebutt, a small desk and head. Access to the lower deck and engine room was down a ladder. At the bottom of the ladder was the galley, mess and recreation deck. A watertight door at the front of the mess bulkhead led to the main crew quarters which was ten feet long and included six bunks that could be stowed, three bunks on each side. Forward of the bunks was the crew's head complete with a compact sink, shower and commode.
History.
After commissioning, "Point Franklin" was stationed at Cape May, New Jersey, where she was used for law enforcement and search and rescue operations. On 26 November 1967, she took a wounded crewman to the hospital from MV "Timaru Star" 45 miles south southwest of Delaware Light Station.
On 1 March 1968, the distressed FV "Bright Star" was escorted 25 miles south east of Cape May to safe waters by "Point Franklin". On 17 August, she assisted the distressed MV "Green Lake" 25 miles South east of Ocean City, Maryland. "Point Franklin" came to the aid of a 19 foot pleasure craft on 25 August 1969 near Ocean City. On 12 December she towed the disabled sailboat "Dora" to Ocean City.
After a collision off Cape May with the MV "Concordia Sun", the disabled FV "Sharron Ann" was towed by "Point Franklin" to safety on 26 November 1970. She seized the tug "Capstan" 240 miles east of Cape Charles carrying 30 tons of marijuana in December 1985. On 15 December 1986, she fought a fire on the tug "Kathryne McAllister" 5 miles east of Avalon, New Jersey.
From commissioning to 1978, "Point Franklin" was commanded by enlisted chief petty officers, which are termed officers-in-charge since they do not hold a commission. In 1978, junior officers with the rank of lieutenant, junior grade were made commanding officers. From 1992 to decommissioning the responsibility of command reverted to officers-in-charge with the rank of master chief petty officer.
"Point Franklin" was decommissioned 23 June 1998 and transferred to Venezula on 3 August 1998

</doc>
<doc id="36756211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756211" title="Västanfors Church">
Västanfors Church

Västanfors Church (Swedish: "Västanfors kyrka") is located in Västanfors in Fagersta Municipality in Västmanland County, Sweden.
History.
Before the church was built, here was a wood church, built in 1642. The present church building was built 1824–27 and opened in 1830. The last renovation of the church was in 1987–88, according to drawing by architect Jerk Alton.

</doc>
<doc id="36756220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756220" title="Cuba at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Cuba at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Cuba competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756224" title="Mazen Darwish">
Mazen Darwish

Mazen Darwish () is a Syrian lawyer and free speech advocate. He is the president of the Syrian Center for Media and Freedom of Expression (CMFE). News organizations including Reuters and the Associated Press have described him as one of Syria's most prominent activists.
Activism.
Darwish is the president of the Syrian Center for Media and Freedom of Expression (CMFE), a partner organization of Reporters Without Borders founded in 2004. The organization was refused accreditation by the Syrian government but continues to operate in secret. In 2006, the group launched an independent news website, syriaview.net, but the site was soon banned by the Syrian government.
In April 2008, Darwish and a colleague were arrested after their reporting on riots in Adra, a town near Damascus. He was later imprisoned for ten days for "defaming and insulting the administrative bodies of the state." Thirty-five international press freedom organizations co-signed a letter protesting the sentence, describing it as part of "an ongoing pattern of harassment and detention of journalists and activists." Darwish has also been subject to travel bans to prevent him from leaving the country.
He also reported on clashes in Daraa in early 2011, during the beginning stages of the Syrian civil war. In March, he participated in a protest calling for political prisoners to be released, and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that he was arrested shortly after.
2012 arrest.
Darwish was arrested on 16 February 2012 by men believed to be from the intelligence arm of the Syrian Air Force. Fifteen other journalists and activists were arrested on the same day, including blogger Razan Ghazzawi and Darwish's wife, journalist Yara Badr. While Badr was released in May, Darwish was subject to forced disappearance with no official statements of his whereabouts or status. The Switzerland-based International Commission of Jurists reported in August that Darwish was being tried before a secret military court and could face a death sentence with no appeal. 
Amnesty International designated Darwish a prisoner of conscience, "detained solely on account of his peaceful exercise of his right to freedom of expression and association in relation to his work with the CMFE." More than twenty international human rights organizations, including the Arab Network for Human Rights Information, Human Rights Watch, Index on Censorship, the International Press Institute, Reporters Without Borders, and the World Organisation Against Torture, co-signed a letter calling for Darwish's immediate release. Catherine Ashton, the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy of European Union, also condemned the arrest, calling on Syria to release Darwish immediately.

</doc>
<doc id="36756225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756225" title="Ecuador at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Ecuador at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Ecuador competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756228" title="Yasushi Furukawa">
Yasushi Furukawa

Yasushi Furukawa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756239" title="El Salvador at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
El Salvador at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

El Salvador competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756243" title="Guatemala at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Guatemala at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Guatemala competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756248" title="Haiti at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Haiti at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Haiti competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.
Technically, it was Haiti's second participation in the Paralaympics. In 2008, however, the country's sole representative, powerlifter Nephtalie Jean Louis, was a non-starter in her event due to unspecified "problems with her weight". For the London Games, Haiti was represented by three athletes: wheelchair athlete Nephtalie Jean-Louis, this time in the women's javelin and the shot put; Josué Cajuste (who has "one leg much shorter than the other"), in the men's shot put and javelin; and Gaysli Leon, who "was paralysed in the 2010 earthquake", in road cycling in a handbike.

</doc>
<doc id="36756251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756251" title="Gioia Arismendi">
Gioia Arismendi

Biography.
Gioia grew up in a family of artists. Her mother Gioia Lombardini is an actress is familiar to Venezuelan television, her father is a publicist while her sister is a novelist. From a young age, Gioia was interested in drama and acting. However, her father encouraged her to finish high school before she could pursue acting further. After finishing her high school studies at San Agustín Codazzi, she enrolled for a Bachelor of Arts course at Universidad Central de Venezuela.
Career Beginnings.
Gioia studied acting at the Taller de Teatro Luz Columba under the instruction of professor Nelson Orteaga who is responsible for the career development of various RCTV actors. Her first television appearance was in 1992 in the telenovela "Las dos Dianas". Since then, she has participated in several RCTV telenovelas such as Divina obsesión, Mis 3 Hermanas, Juana la virgen, La cuaima and Camaelona.
In 2008, she joined Venevisión to participate in the telenovela "Torrente in the role of Maruja Briceño.
In 2011, she was part of the cast of the telenovela "Natalia del Mar" in the role of Candy.

</doc>
<doc id="36756263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756263" title="Honduras at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Honduras at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Honduras competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756269" title="Jamaica at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Jamaica at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Jamaica competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756275" title="Oedemera podagrariae">
Oedemera podagrariae

Oedemera podagrariae, common name False Blister Beetles, is a quite common species of beetles belonging to the family Oedemeridae subfamily Oedemerinae.
Description.
The adults grow up to long and can mostly be encountered from April through August feeding on pollen and nectar. The head is black. Thorax is black in the male and yellow in the female. Elytra are yellow, ochre-coloured or light brown, sometimes with darker sides. Legs are entirely or at least partially yellow. The male of "Oedemera podagrariae", as in most "Oedemera" species, possesses the hind femora very swollen, whereas in female the femora are thin.
Distribution.
These beetles are present in most of Europe and in the Near East.

</doc>
<doc id="36756286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756286" title="Mexico at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Mexico at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Mexico competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012.
Medallists.
The following Mexican competitors won medals at the Games.
Archery.
Mexico qualified one athlete in Archery.
Equestrian.
The only equestrian events held in the Paralympic Games are in the Dressage discipline. Mexico sent a team of three riders to the Games.
Judo.
Three Mexican judokas qualified for the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36756292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756292" title="Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's decathlon">
Athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Men's decathlon

The Men's decathlon competition at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada, was held at the Olympic Stadium on 29–30 July.
Competition format.
The decathlon consists of ten track and field events, with a points system that awards higher scores for better results in each of the ten components. The athletes all compete in one competition with no elimination rounds. At the end of competition, if two athletes are tied, the athlete who has received more points in the greater number of events is the winner.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.

</doc>
<doc id="36756295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756295" title="Panama at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Panama at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Panama competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756299" title="Peru at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Peru at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Peru competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756304" title="Puerto Rico at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Puerto Rico at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Puerto Rico competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756312" title="Suriname at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Suriname at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Suriname competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756314" title="Uruguay at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Uruguay at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Uruguay competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756317" title="Aidan Foster">
Aidan Foster

Aidan Foster is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Bobby Morley. Both the character and Morley's casting was announced on 19 June 2011. The actor began filming his first scenes that same week. Aidan was introduced to "Neighbours" as a love interest for established character Chris Pappas (James Mason). Morley revealed that Aidan's sexuality did not affect his decision in accepting the role, as it does not define him. Morley was initially contracted for six months and he stated that he was happy to stay with the soap for longer. He made his first screen appearance as Aidan during the episode broadcast on 19 August 2011. Morley took a ten-week break from "Neighbours" in April 2012 to appear in the feature film, "Blinder". He made his final appearance as Aidan on 17 January 2013.
Aidan is a nurse who works at the local hospital in Erinsborough. He is openly gay and comfortable with his sexuality. Aidan had many relationships in the past, making him more experienced than Chris. He is confident, trustworthy and likes to seize the day. Aidan meets Chris after he is brought into the hospital and he becomes endeared by him. Even though Aidan questions his decision to get involved with a younger, less experienced guy, he and Chris eventually begin a relationship. The characters became "Neighbours"' first ever gay couple and they later shared the soap's first male gay kiss. Morley praised the producers for not sensationalising the kiss, which gained positive feedback from viewers. Morley's break from "Neighbours" in mid-2012 led the writers to improvise a break up for Aidan and Chris, which played out in May.
Creation and casting.
The character of Aidan was created and introduced to "Neighbours" as a love interest for Chris Pappas (James Mason). The show's executive producer Susan Bower believed that it was "a natural progression" for Chris to have a love interest after he was promoted to the regular cast. The character and Morley's casting was announced on 19 June 2011. The actor began filming his first scenes that same week. Morley told the "Herald Sun's" Luke Dennehy that Aidan's sexuality did not affect his decision in accepting the role, saying "I don't see it as a big deal that the character is gay. It certainly doesn't define him and what the writers have planned is really interesting and authentic."
Morley was initially contracted for six months with the possibility of an extension. During an interview with Digital Spy's Daniel Kilkelly, Morley revealed that he would be happy to stay with the soap for longer, but only if the storyline moved beyond Aidan and Chris' relationship and sexuality. He added that he found it easy to "fit into the rhythm of the show", as the pace of filming was similar to fellow soap opera "Home and Away", which he starred in for two years. Morley took a ten-week break from "Neighbours" in April 2012 to appear in the feature film "Blinder". He returned to the soap in June, sporting a shorter haircut.
Development.
Characterisation.
Aidan is a nurse who works at Erinsborough Hospital. Morley told a "TV Week" reporter "He's not really into being a surgeon or progressing in that kind of sense, and he just comes on to the scene because he works with Dr Rhys Lawson. They become friends, and from that he starts seeing other people who live in Ramsay Street." The actor stated that Aidan is "confident and comfortable with his sexuality" as well as being confident in himself and where he is going in life. Aidan is the type of person who likes to seize the day, but if it does not work out, he does not dwell on it. Morley noted that it was nice to be playing someone who is "a kind character", which was a change from other roles he had played.
John Burfitt, writing for "TV Soap", commented that Aidan is the kind of person you can trust and rely on. He is openly gay and his family were very accepting of his sexuality. Morley revealed that Aidan has had a lot of relationships in the past, making him more experienced than Chris. The actor said he was happy with his character's slow introduction as it worked well for him, saying "Aidan comes into the street incrementally and he isn't defined by his sexuality." He went on to tell the "TV Week" reporter that Aidan fits in quite easily. He befriends Jade Mitchell (Gemma Pranita) and works with Rhys (Ben Barber), plus his role at the hospital meant he crossed paths with many other characters.
Relationship with Chris Pappas.
Aidan meets Chris when he is brought into the hospital following a "vicious beating". Aidan provides a source of kindness and support for Chris and Morley stated "I think that Aidan is endeared by Chris because of the time he spent in hospital caring for him. He saw a side of Chris that he is really fond of, and he thinks Chris is sweet and also naïve to the world in terms of being gay." Aidan later takes his car to the local garage to be serviced and he flirts with Chris, who is not aware of what is going on. Mason told John Burfitt from "TV Soap" that there would be "a slow burn" between Chris and Aidan and things would not be rushed, as Chris does not get much of what is happening. Chris' boss, Lucas Fitzgerald (Scott Major), attempts to help by trying to find out asking Aidan if he is gay or straight, which leads to embarrassment for them all. The appearance of Chris' father, George (Lliam Amor), makes the situation worse and when Aidan asks Chris out for a drink, he turns him down. Mason told an "Inside Soap" writer "George is only just starting to accept that his son is gay, so when Aidan invites Chris for a drink, Chris turns him down out of fear of what his dad will think." Morley stated that Aidan takes the "knock back" in his stride and does not feel too bad about it.
Chris' friend, Natasha (Valentina Novakovic), later decides to play matchmaker and invites Aidan along to a barbecue, where he and Chris start to bond. When asked what the atmosphere is like, Morley stated "In that instance coming from Aidan's perspective it could be awkward since Chris has already rejected him, but Aidan is a little bit older and wiser. He is just having fun, while for Chris, it means something else." Chris accidentally injures Aidan during a game of pool and Vaughn Redden (Kain O'Keeffe) tends to the injury. He flirts with Aidan and they later go on a date, which makes Chris feel like he has missed his chance him. Mason revealed that this leads to some new tension between the characters. Aidan and Chris later arrange a date, even though Aidan is wondering whether getting involved with a younger, less experienced guy is a good idea. Burfitt commented that Aidan's fears are confirmed when the date turns into "a complete disaster". Chris is initially anxious and on edge, until he realises Aidan is having fun and relaxes. However, at that minute, Natasha calls Chris away to help with a crisis and he leaves Aidan alone. Aidan assumes Chris has set the whole thing up to get out of the date, but Chris explains everything and Aidan forgives him because he is keen to see where things are going.
Aidan and Chris go out on another date, which goes well and they start spending a lot of time together, marking the beginning of their relationship. Aidan and Chris formed "Neighbours"' first ever gay couple. On 9 April 2012, Aidan and Chris shared their first on-screen kiss. The couple, who had not shown any sign of physical affection until this point, share "a rather passionate embrace" during a house party thrown by Natasha. Morely told "TV Week's" Andrew Mercado, "The boys are there at the party and just share this intimate moment, as couples do. I take my hat off to the producers of "Neighbours" for going with it and not sensationalising it. There is still a taboo around the subject, but there shouldn't be at all." The actor revealed the kiss was just as awkward as any other on-screen kiss, but he and Mason spent a lot of time and effort into getting it right for their characters. Despite featuring a few lesbian kisses, this was the show's first male gay kiss in its 27-year history. Bower had previously promised that the kiss would not be "sensationalist or token" and the low-key scene earned praise from viewers on social networking sites. The kiss attracted attention from the media, with the "Daily Mail", "The Sun" and Perez Hilton publishing articles about it. 
Chris' friendship with Natasha starts to affect his relationship with Aidan, who asks him to choose between them. When Natasha's party is ruined, Chris rushes straight to her aid. Natasha also steals Chris' attention from Aidan and he often drops everything for her, even though she would not do the same for him. Aidan, who has become tired of Chris always making excuses for Natasha, tells him to start asserting himself instead. Morley explained to a "TV Soap" writer, "It's not that Aidan doesn't approve of Tash, rather it's the way that she has been treating Chris that Aidan doesn't agree with. This, coupled with the fact that Chris isn't standing up for himself, sends Aidan over the edge." Chris feels "shattered" at having to choose between his boyfriend and best friend. Mason commented that his character just needed to learn how to handle them both. Aidan feels the situation is just part of the "getting to know each other" phase, but Chris panics and assumes his relationship is about to come to an end. Morley revealed "The relationship is in its early exciting stage and the pair and starting to get used to each other and learning more about one another. Aidan is mature enough to see this is just a small hiccup, wheras Chris fears the very worst." Chris' reaction to the situation threatens the work that he and Aidan have done to build up a strong relationship. It also forces Aidan to take a new look at Chris and how young he is.
A writer for "What's on TV" reported that Morley's break from "Neighbours" in mid-2012 led the writers to improvise a break up for Aidan and Chris. Morley stated "That's Ramsay Street for you, one minute it's on, then it's off." He explained that it would not be the end for the couple, saying "I don't think the producers have me back for my nursing skills. Lots more to come with those two." The break up occurs after Aidan learns Chris has not told his parents that they are in a relationship. Mason revealed to an "Inside Soap" writer that Chris is fine with his relationship being out in the open when it comes to his friends, but it is different story with his parents. His father has not always made things easy for him in the past, so he does not give him and his mother a chance to get to know Aidan. When Chris' parents throw him a birthday party at Lassiter's Lake, he does not invite Aidan. However, Aidan finds out about the party from one of Chris' friends and goes to the lake to see for himself. He feels "betrayed, hurt and humiliated" by Chris and makes it clear that their relationship is over. Mason added "That's when the gravity of the situation hits Chris, and he's left in shock. He thinks, 'How did it come to this?'. Things really seemed to be falling into place with Aidan." The situation becomes worse for Chris when his parents reveal that they would have accepted the relationship. He then realises that he has lost Aidan due to an assumption.
Helping Andrew Robinson.
When Chris' friend Andrew Robinson (Jordan Smith) mentions that he is suffering from dizzyness and disorientation following a recent car accident, Aidan suggests that he might be suffering from concussion. Andrew is later diagnosed with epilepsy and he turns to Aidan for help. Aidan recognises Andrew is in denial about his condition and tries to encourage him to tell his father. He also suggests that Andrew checks into the hospital for some overnight tests, but when his father turns up, Andrew leaves without getting the right medication. Smith explained "Andrew won't come clean to Paul, so he seeks Aidan's help to get the drugs. Aidan knows if he doesn't advise Andrew, it could end very badly." Andrew orders some medication over the internet, believing that he can get his symptoms under control, and Aidan agrees to help him manage it.
Aidan manages to convince Andrew to take a blood test and puts them through the hospital system under a fake name to protect him. Aidan continues to encourage Andrew to receive treatment, but is blackmailed into keeping his epilepsy diagnosis a secret. A few months later, Aidan is suspended from the hospital when someone tells his supervisor Karl Kennedy (Alan Fletcher) about the blood test. While he is looking at losing his job, Aidan "hits the town hard" to cope with the situation and he does not want Chris with him. Mason commented "It's the start of Aidan pulling away from Chris," James says. "Aidan's hiding things and I think will see his body language is slowly changing."
Storylines.
Aidan helps treat Natasha Williams, after she is brought into the hospital with a head injury. Her father, Michael (Sandy Winton), asks after her and Aidan tells him that she will be fine. He then praises her friends for knowing CPR. Aidan catches Susan Kennedy (Jackie Woodburne) trying to take Jim Dolan (Scott Parmeter) out of the hospital and he tells her that Jim is far too sick to leave his bed. Susan explains that Jim wants some fresh air and Aidan helps Jim into a wheelchair. Aidan attends a barbecue thrown by his colleague, Rhys Lawson, and he befriends Jade Mitchell. Aidan helps Rhys treat Chris Pappas when he is brought into the hospital following an attack. Chris tells Aidan that he did not see who attacked him, but he dealt with a homophobic customer just moments before it happened. Aidan relays the information to Chris' boss, Lucas. While checking Chris' x-rays, Aidan notices he has a broken rib, which is pressing on his lung. He informs Rhys, who tells him to contact Chris immediately. Chris is brought back in and Aidan is assigned to look after him until he is discharged. Aidan takes his car to Fitzgerald Motors for a service and he, Chris and Lucas go out to lunch. Lucas embarrasses the group by trying to find out if Aidan is gay. Aidan later asks Chris out for a drink, but his offer is rejected.
Natasha invites Aidan to an Australia Day barbecue, where he bonds with Chris. While they are playing pool, Chris hits Aidan in the eye with the cue. Vaughn Redden, a Charlie's barman, tends to Aidan's eye and flirts with him. Aidan later goes on a date with Vaughn. A few days later, Aidan overhears Chris talking about asking him out and he agrees to go on a date. Aidan and Chris go to a mini golf course and they get on well. However, Aidan is left disappointed when Chris has to leave early. Chris later explains that he had to help a friend and they arrange to go out again, marking the beginning of their relationship. Aidan organises a charity fun run and has to help Karl Kennedy when he gets cramp. Chris and Aidan help Natasha clean up after she throws a house party. Aidan becomes frustrated with Natasha's behaviour towards Chris and advises him to stand up for himself, as he cannot keep running after her all the time. Aidan goes outside to calm down, which makes Chris think he has ruined the relationship. When Aidan returns, he reassures Chris that they are fine and he spends the night with him. Aidan helps runs a blood drive at the hospital and Chris admits to him that he has not told his parents that they are together. When Aidan learns that Chris has not invited him to a family birthday party, he decides to break up with him.
A few months later, Aidan is on duty when Chris comes to visit Sophie Ramsay (Kaiya Jones), a neighbour who he was involved in a car crash with. Sophie's uncle, Paul Robinson (Stefan Dennis), asks Aidan if Chris was there when he finds the magazines he left. Aidan later finds Chris to see if he is okay and he offers to sneak him back into the hospital. Chris later returns by himself and Paul orders Aidan to call security, however, he changes his mind and allows Chris to stay. Aidan learns Andrew Robinson has been diagnosed with epilepsy and he urges him to tell his father. Chris and Aidan go out for a drink and Chris asks Aidan for a second chance because he has changed. However, Aidan turns him down. Aidan catches Andrew having a funny turn and tells him that needs medication. Andrew later asks Aidan to book him into a clinical trial, but he fails to turn up for it, worrying Aidan. Andrew later asks Aidan for a prescription, but Aidan refuses to give him one. He then finds out that Andrew has taken some medication he bought online and helps him with the dosage. Chris confronts Aidan about spending time with Andrew and Aidan tells him that he is not choosing sides. Andrew decides to have a blood test done, but asks Aidan to list it under a false name and he agrees. Aidan decides that he wants to tell Chris the truth, but Andrew blackmails him into keeping quiet.
When Aidan witnesses Chris defending Andrew and standing up to his father, he realises that he wants to get back together with him. Aidan goes to find Chris at the university dance and asks him if he can change his mind about trying again. Natasha comes to Aidan and reveals that Andrew collapsed and had a fit, so he tries once again to get Andrew to seek help. Natasha is later caught with Andrew's medication and Aidan tells her friends that the pills are for her anxiety. When Andrew's condition is revealed to his family and friends, he apologises to Aidan for blackmailing him. Georgia Brooks (Saskia Hampele) confronts Aidan about a patient file with similar results to Andrew. Aidan admits that the results are Andrew's and he listed them under a false name. He begs Georgia not to tell anyone, but he is later suspended by the hospital board. Aidan lies to Chris that he just got a warning, before going out all night with some friends. Chris expresses his worry about Aidan partying all night, but Aidan decides to go out again. Chris organsies a meeting with a union representative, but Aidan lies about going, before rescheduling the meeting. The hospital board later lift his suspension. Chris becomes frustrated with Aidan's habit of refusing help with his problems. When Aidan goes back on his promise to be more open, Chris breaks up with him. Aidan tries to get Chris to change his mind and asks him to move in with him, but Chris turns him down.
Reception.
A month after Morley's casting announcement, Bower revealed that she had seen letters from viewers and other members of the public commenting that they were "less than thrilled" about Aidan and Chris becoming a couple. She added "It was incredible that one of the letters said that Bob's character was a nurse and how cliché was that, however it is counterbalanced that the Chris character is a mechanic so some of them are knee-jerk." "TV Soap's" John Burfitt said Aidan was "hunky" and a "talented nurse". Anthony D. Langford of AfterElton said he liked Aidan from the scenes he had seen, calling him "a funny, interesting guy". Langford was pleased with how Aidan's sexuality was revealed, explaining "Aidan is already out and clearly comfortable with himself and the show has already done the coming out drama with Chris, so there's no need to repeat it." Langford thought Aidan seemed a little old for Chris, but he was looking forward to their scenes together.
In February 2012, Langford revealed that he was concerned that there was no chemistry between Aidan and Chris. He stated "I really don't know why these two are attracted to each other. Chris is a teenage boy who has just come out and is still unsure of himself in many ways. Aiden is an adult with a career, experienced with men and isn't lacking in self-esteem or confidence. They are in different places in their lives, in different worlds in a sense. I'm really not seeing what they have in common that might bring them together." Langford enjoyed the scenes between Aidan and the bartender as they were engaging and fun to watch. A writer for Channel 5 commented that Chris and Aidan's relationship had been "a talking point in the media and fan forums, with devotees of the Aussie soap crushed by the fact that the handsome couple have gone their separate ways."

</doc>
<doc id="36756319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756319" title="Venezuela at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Venezuela at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Venezuela competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36756320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756320" title="John Lawlor">
John Lawlor

John Lawlor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756341" title="Bird measurement">
Bird measurement

Bird measurement or bird biometrics are approaches to quantify the size of birds in scientific studies. The measurements of the lengths of specific parts and the weights of birds varies between species, populations within species, between the sexes and depending on age and condition. In order for measurements to be useful, they need to be well defined so that measurements taken are consistent and comparable with those taken by others or at other points of time. Measurements can be useful to study growth, variation between geographically separated forms, identify differences between the sexes, age or otherwise characterize individuals birds. While certain measurements are regularly taken in the field to study living birds some others are applicable only to specimens in the museum or measurable only in a laboratory. The conventions used for measurement can vary widely between authors and works, making comparisons of sizes a matter that needs considerable care.
All measurement is prone to error, both systematic and random. The measurement of certain bird characteristics can further vary greatly depending on the method used. The total length of a bird is sometimes measured by putting a dead bird on its back and gently pressing the head so that the bill point to the tail tip can be measured. This can however vary with the handling and can depend on the age and state of shrinkage in the case of measurements taken from preserved skins in bird collections. The wing length usually defined as the distance between the bend of the wing and the longest primary can also vary widely in some large birds which have a curved wing surface as well as curved primaries. The measurement can additionally vary depending on whether a flexible tape measure is used over the curve or if measured with a rigid ruler. The definition of the length of the tail can vary when some of them have elongations, forking or other modifications. The weights of birds are even more prone to variability with their feeding and health condition and in the case of migratory species differ quite widely across seasons even for a single individual.
Despite the variations, measurements are routinely taken in the process of bird ringing and for other studies. Several of the measurements are considered quite constant and well defined, at least in the vast majority of birds. Although field measurements are usually univariate, laboratory techniques can often make use of multivariate measurements derived from an analysis of variation and correlations of these univariate measures. These can often indicate variations more reliably.
Length.
The length of a bird is usually measured from dead specimens prior to their being skinned for preservation. The measurement is made by laying the bird on its back and flattening out the head and neck gently and measuring between the tip of the bill and the tip of the tail. This measurement is however extremely prone to error and is rarely ever used for any comparative or other scientific study.
Culmen.
The upper margin of the beak or bill is referred to as the culmen and the measurement is taken using calipers with one jaw at the tip of the upper mandible and the other at base of the skull or the first feathers depending on the standard chosen. In the case of birds of prey where the tip of the mandible may form a long festoon, the length of the festoon may be measured separately as well. In birds of prey the measurement is usually from the bill tip to the ceres. In some birds the distance between the back of the skull and the tip of the beak may be more suitable and less prone to variation resulting from the difficulty of interpreting the feathered base of the mandible.
Head.
In some cases it is more reliable to measure the distance between the back of the skull and the tip of the bill. This measure is then termed as the head. This measurement is however not suitable for use with living birds that have strong neck musculature such as the cormorants.
Tarsus.
The shank of the bird is usually exposed and the length from the inner bend of the tibiotarsal articulation to the base of the toes which is often marked by a difference in the scalation is used as a standard measure. In most cases the tarsus is held bent but in some cases the measurement may be made of the length of this bone as visible on the outer side of the bend to the base of the toes.
Foot.
In the case of cranes and bustards, the length of the tarsus is often measured along with the length of the longest toe to the tip of the claw.
Tail.
The measurement of the tail is taken from the base of the tail to the tip of the longest feathers. In the case where special structures such as racquets or streamers exist, these are separately measured. In some cases the difference between the longest and shortest feathers, that is the depth of the fork or notch can also be of use.
Wing.
The wing is usually measured from the bend of the wing to the tip of the longest primary feathers. Often the wings and feathers may be flattened so that the measure is maximized but in some cases the chord length with natural curvature is preferred. In some cases the relative lengths of the longest primaries and the pattern of size variation among them can be important to measure.
Wingspan.
Wingspan is the distance between wingtips when the wings are held outstretched. This is particularly prone to variation resulting from wing posture and is rarely used except as a rough indicator of size. Additionally, this cannot be easily and reliably measured in the field with living birds.
Weight.
The weights of birds are notoriously variable and cannot be used as indication of size. They are however useful in quantifying growth in laboratory conditions and for use in clinical diagnostics as an indicator of physiological condition. Birds in captivity are often heavier than wild specimens. Migratory birds gain weight prior to the migratory period but lose weight during handling or temporary captivity. Dead birds tend to weigh less than in life. Even during the course of a day, the weight can vary by 5 to 10%. The male Emperor Penguin loses 40% of its weight during the course of incubation.

</doc>
<doc id="36756345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756345" title="Belite Ultra Cub">
Belite Ultra Cub

The Belite Ultra Cub is an ultralight aircraft built by Belite Aircraft and intended as a tribute to the Piper Cub on the occasion of its 75th anniversary. The UltraCub was introduced at AirVenture 2012.
Design and development.
The Ultra Cub is a single engine, single place, strut braced high wing monoplane with either tricycle or conventional landing gear. The fuselage is constructed of riveted aluminum tubing with Dacron fabric substrate and (optionally) Oracal (adhesive vinyl) colored covering. The wing spar is aluminum with birch wood ribs, although a carbon fiber spar option is available. The wings can be folded for ground transportation or storage. The landing gear is made from spring steel. Storage includes three under-seat lockers. The turtledeck is removable. The standard engine used is the Half VW four-stroke powerplant.

</doc>
<doc id="36756356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756356" title="Leonard Tan">
Leonard Tan

Leonard Tan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756367" title="N165">
N165

N165 ("Coronation" rock) is a rock on the surface of Aeolis Palus in Gale Crater on the planet Mars near the landing site ("Bradbury Landing") of the Curiosity rover. The "approximate" site coordinates are: .
On August 19, 2012, the rock was the first target of the rover's laser instrument, ChemCam, which can analyze targets at a distance using a laser and spectrometer. A Twitter feed for the rock was created, featuring an anthropomorphized account of its experiences. Its posts include a humor themed mix of social interaction and Mars content such as ""Did you know I was born in a volcano? Basalts like me come from lava. That's why we call it Olympus Mom"".
The goal of this initial use of the laser on Mars was to serve as target practice for characterizing the instrument. The rock was primarily selected for its proximity to the rover, rather than any intrinsic scientific value. The rock was lasered thirty times over ten seconds. The mission's investigators thought the rock was a basalt prior to lasing, which was confirmed by preliminary results. The ChemCam team reported positive results; they worked on the instrument for 8 years before getting to use it on Mars.

</doc>
<doc id="36756375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756375" title="Shahtoush">
Shahtoush

Shahtoush (foaled 29 April 1995) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the Epsom Oaks in 1998. In a racing career which lasted from August 1997 to September 1998 the filly ran eleven times times and won three races. Shahtoush won only one minor race as a two-year-old, but showed top-class form when she finished third in the Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes. In 1998 she finished second in the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse and then returned to England to win the Classic Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom. She was beaten in her two remaining races, finishing unplaced in the Yorkshire Oaks and the Irish Champion Stakes.
Background.
Shahtoush is a bay mare with a small white star bred in Ireland by a partnership between the Barronstown Stud and Ron Con Ltd. She was sired by Alzao, a son of Lyphard who never won above Group Three level, but became a successful breeding stallion, his progeny including Maraahel (Hardwicke Stakes), Second Set (Sussex Stakes) and Alborada (Champion Stakes). Shahtoush's dam Formulate, was a successful racehorse, whose wins included the Fillies' Mile and the May Hill Stakes. At stud she produced several winners including Game Plan, a filly who finished second in the Oaks in 1990. As a descendant of the broodmare Double Life, Shahtoush was related to horses such as Meld, Charlottown and Kalaglow.
In October 1996, the yearling filly was consigned to the Goffs sales where she was bought for 
IR£60,000 by the bloodstock agent John O'Byrne. During her racing career she was owned jointly by the Barronstown Stud's Diana Nagle and Susan Magnier, representing the Coolmore organisation. Like most Coolmore horses, Shahtoush was sent into training with Aidan O'Brien at Ballydoyle.
Racing career.
1997: two-year-old season.
Shahtoush began her racing career by finishing fifth in a twenty runner maiden race at Leopardstown in August 1997. She was the second choice of the Ballydoyle entry that day, starting at odds of 10/1, whilst her stable companion, Mempari, finished second as the 7/4 favourite. She was then moved up in class for the Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes at the Curragh two weeks later. As in her debut, she was not the stable's favoured runner, starting a 16/1 outsider whereas Heeremandi started 3/1 favourite. Ridden by Seamie Heffernan, Shahtoush finished strongly to take third, beaten less than a length by the winner Tarascon, and one place ahead of Heeremandi. Shahtoush was dropped back to maiden company for her next race, and started 7/4 favourite, but was beaten a short head by Wish Me Luck. In October, Shahtoush contested the Group Three C. L. Weld Park Stakes at the Curragh and finished fourth to the English-trained filly Alborada. Later that month, Shahtoush won a race at the fifth attempt when she was sent to Gowran Park for a maiden race. Starting at odds of 1/2 against moderate opposition, she won easily by four and a half lengths.
1998: three-year-old season.
On her three-year-old debut, Shahtoush started evens favourite for the April Fillies' Stakes at the Curragh She was rated fifteen pounds superior to her opponents and recorded a predictably easy three and a half length win. Christy Roche, who had ridden Shahtoush in both her wins, was replaced by Mick Kinane when the filly was sent to England for the 1000 Guineas four weeks later. Starting at odds of 9/1, Shahtoush was unable to compete with Cape Verdi, but stayed on strongly in the closing stages to take second place, five lengths behind the Godolphin-trained winner. Shahtoush was expected to be a leading contender for the Irish 1000 Guineas three weeks later, starting 5/1 third favourite, but ran poorly, weakening in the closing stages to finish tenth behind Tarascon.
With Cape Verdi aimed at the Derby, the Henry Cecil-trained Midnight Line was made favourite for the Oaks ahead of Godolphin's Musidora Stakes winner Bahr, with Shahtoush starting at odds of 12/1. Kinane restrained the Irish filly in the early stages before moving forward in the straight and accelerating past Midnight Line and Bahr a furlong from the finish. As the favourite weakened, the closing stages of the race devolved into a contest between Shahtoush and Bahr, with the Irish filly prevailing by three quarters of a length. Shahtoush's finishing burst appeared to catch Bahr's jockey Frankie Dettori by surprise and Kinane's ride on the winner was described as a "tactical masterclass" by the Independent. Aidan O'Brien, who was winning the Oaks with his first ever runner at the course, explained Shahtoush's improvement by stating that she had been unable to show her best on firm ground in her previous race.
Shahtoush missed a run in the Irish Oaks, O'Brien deciding that the filly needed more time to recover after Epsom. After a break of two and a half months, Shahtoush returned in the Yorkshire Oaks at York in August. After briefly challenging the leaders she weakened and finished a remote fifth of the six runners behind the unbeaten Catchascatchcan, having been eased down in the closing stages by Kinane, who reported that the filly was unsuited by the firm ground. On her final appearance, Shahtoush raced against colts for the first time in the Irish Champion Stakes at Leopardstown in September. Ridden by Seamie Heffernan, she was never in serious contention and finished last of the eight runners behind Swain, ending her racing career with two consecutive defeats.
Assessment and honours.
The independent Timeform organisation gave Shahtoush a rating of 120.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Shahtoush an "inferior" winner of the Oaks.
Stud record.
Shahtoush was retired to become a broodmare for the Coolmore Stud. Her record at stud was disappointing, with only one minor winner, a filly sired by Danehill named Satine.

</doc>
<doc id="36756384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756384" title="Fredrik Lange-Nielsen">
Fredrik Lange-Nielsen

Fredrik Lange-Nielsen (13 May 1891 – 16 May 1980) was a Norwegian mathematician and insurance company manager.
Personal life.
Lange-Nielsen was born in Eivindvik in Gulen; the son of physician Johan Fredrik Nielsen and Christine Lange. He married Laura Stang Lund in 1918. He was the father of judge Trygve Lange-Nielsen, and father-in-law of novelist Sissel Lange-Nielsen. He died in Oslo in 1980.
Career.
Lange-Nielsen finished his secondary education in 1908, and attended the Norwegian Military Academy in 1909. He actively took part in social academic life. He was among the editors of the Norwegian Students' Society's magazine "", and he was a board member of the society in the autumn of 1913, at the society's Centennial Anniversary. He chaired the Norwegian Students' Society in 1916. He graduated as cand.real. in 1917, and subsequently studied mathematics in Lund and in Paris.
He was manager of the statistics department of from 1920 to 1938, and edited the journal "" from 1924 to 1929. He also lectured in mathematical subjects at the University of Oslo. From 1938 to 1945 he worked for the Norwegian Public Service Pension Fund, but was arrested by the Germans in December 1941 because of his participation in the Norwegian resistance movement, and did not return to the Pension Fund until 1945. He was imprisoned at Møllergata 19, and then incarcerated at the Grini concentration camp from January 1942 to May 1943. While at Grini, he took part in what has been described as the first actual political discussions in the camp, along with Erling Bühring-Dehli, Olaf Solumsmoen and others.
From 1945 to 1964 he was chief executive of the insurance company Norske Liv. He was elected to several governmental commissions, including "Pensjonslovkomiteen" of 1935, "Krigpensjoneringsutvalget" of 1940, and "Livsforsikringskomiteen" of 1947. He was among the first members of the Norwegian Academy for Language and Literature from its foundation in 1953. He was awarded the Grand Cross of Den Gyldne Gris, and was decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Order of St. Olav, Knight of the Danish Order of Dannebrog, and Knight of the Swedish Order of the Polar Star.

</doc>
<doc id="36756418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756418" title="Bihar Agricultural University">
Bihar Agricultural University

Bihar Agricultural University is an autonomous institute under Bihar state government established in 2010 under Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) situated at Sabour, Bhagalpur district of Bihar. Historically, Bihar State is endowed with soil and water resources as well as climatic amplitudes having vast potential of agricultural production of varied nature. The university's area of operation will comprise 25 districts of Bihar, namely Araria, Arwal, Aurangabad, Banka, Bhabhua, Bhagalpur, Bhojpur, Buxar, Gaya, Jamui, Jehanabad, Katihar, Kishanganj, Khagaria, Lakhisarai, Madhepura, Munger, Nalanda, Nawada, Patna, Purnia, Rohtas, Saharsa, Sheikhpura, Khagaria and Supaul districts. It is to cater to the specific needs of this potential grain bowl of the state. The headquarters would be located at present Bihar Agricultural College, Sabour Campus, the oldest and agricultural college of the state, engaged in imparting education, conducting researches on farmers problems and transfer of technology under its extension mandate.
Agriculture Knowledge Dissemination System.
Bihar Agriculture University is engaged in Research and Extension activities in the field of agriculture. In order to extend the research done in the University to farmers of Bihar, it signed an agreement with World Development Foundation, New Delhi to implement a project of "Agriculture Knowledge Dissemination System". The project basically involved educating the farmers using ICT and video conferencing system for improved agriculture and livestock production.

</doc>
<doc id="36756423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756423" title="John Mumford">
John Mumford

John Mumford may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756428" title="2012 Open Castilla y León">
2012 Open Castilla y León

The 2012 Open Castilla y León was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the 27th edition of the tournament which was part of the Tretorn SERIE+ of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Segovia, Spain between 21 and 27 August 2012.
ATP entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36756450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756450" title="Arikaree Glacier">
Arikaree Glacier

Arikaree Glacier is an alpine glacier located in a cirque to the north of Arikaree Peak and south of Navajo Peak, in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado. The glacier is just east of the Continental Divide and south of Isabelle Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="36756490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756490" title="The Perfect Family (film)">
The Perfect Family (film)

The Perfect Family is a 2011 film directed by Anne Renton.
The film tells the story of a devoutly Catholic wife and mother Eileen (Turner) who has been nominated for one of the church's top awards. She then goes about trying to prove she has the "perfect" family, refusing to accept them for who they are, especially her lesbian daughter Shannon who marries her girlfriend Angela.
It holds a 48% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 31 reviews, and 5.3 rating on IMDb.

</doc>
<doc id="36756494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756494" title="2012 Open Castilla y León – Singles">
2012 Open Castilla y León – Singles

Karol Beck was the defending champion, however chose not to participate this year.<br>
Evgeny Donskoy won the tournament by defeating Albano Olivetti 6–1, 7–6(13–11) in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36756519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756519" title="Radford Highlanders women's soccer">
Radford Highlanders women's soccer

The Radford Highlanders women's soccer team is an intercollegiate varsity sports team of Radford University. The team is a member of the Big South Conference of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
Roster.
"As of 2012"
Accomplishments.
Highlander players hold a number of Big South records, most notably for the current goalie Che' Brown (2010–present) who holds the records for goals against average (0.65), saves percentage (.874) and highest winning percentage (.726). Sue Williams (1992) holds the record for most assists per game (1.00).
References.
http://www.ruhighlanders.com/index.aspx?path=wsoc&tab=1
http://www.bigsouthsports.com/ViewArticle.dbml?DB_OEM_ID=4800&ATCLID=205436672

</doc>
<doc id="36756521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756521" title="John Tarrant">
John Tarrant

John Tarrant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756529" title="Thomas Spring Rice, 3rd Baron Monteagle of Brandon">
Thomas Spring Rice, 3rd Baron Monteagle of Brandon

Thomas Aubrey Spring Rice, 3rd Baron Monteagle of Brandon CMG, MVO (3 November 1883 – 11 October 1934) was a British diplomat and peer. 
Spring Rice was born in County Meath. He was educated at Eton College and Balliol College, Oxford. He entered the Diplomatic Service in 1907. He held appointments in St Petersburg (1908-1910) and Washington DC (1910-1919), where he served alongside his relation, Sir Cecil Spring Rice, who was ambassador. He later served in Paris and Brussels between 1920 and 1921, before retiring from the Foreign Office. Spring Rice was invested as a Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George and a Member of the Royal Victorian Order.
He became Baron Monteagle of Brandon in 1926 on the death of his father Thomas Spring Rice, 2nd Baron Monteagle of Brandon. His sister was the Irish nationalist activist, Mary Spring Rice. He sat as a Liberal in the House of Lords. Spring Rice did not marry, and was succeeded in the title by his uncle, Francis.

</doc>
<doc id="36756578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756578" title="John Twomey">
John Twomey

John Twomey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756579" title="Quella Vecchia Locanda">
Quella Vecchia Locanda

Quella Vecchia Locanda ("That old inn") or QVL were an Italian band classified as Italian progressive rock, symphonic rock or chamber music. The band released two studio albums, in 1972 and 1974.
Both their studio albums have received favourable reviews.
The band's singer (and flautist) was Giorgio Giorgi. According to an interview with Don V. Lax, the violin player of the first album, "I would find some Bach or Brahms or Corelli and weave it into the music so we were making a classical-rock fusion." As for live performances, "playing at Villa Pamphili for 150,000 people was the most memorable, but we also played for other huge outdoor concerts, on television, and at clubs in Rome and on the coast."
Related acts.
Don Lax went on to play violin for artists such as Camper van Beethoven and briefly collaborating with Tim Tompkins of The Moody Blues.

</doc>
<doc id="36756587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756587" title="Hyperdimension Neptunia Victory">
Hyperdimension Neptunia Victory

Plot.
Settings.
The game takes place in an alternate world in the year 1989. The regions of Lowee, Leanbox, Lastation, and Planptune exist in this world as well. However, the countries' cultures differ from those in Gamindustri. For example, Lowee's towns and cities are said to be modeled after a Japanese style of architecture.
Story.
The player resumes the role of Neptune, as she is caught in a space/time rift, and is sent to another world, known as the V Dimension, in the year 1989. The Country of Lowee prepares for war with rumors that the country of Leanbox is planning to invade their borders by sea.
Music.
The music for the game was composed by Kenji Kaneko. Nobuo Uematsu, along with his band Earthbound Papas, and Kenji Ito also contributed four songs each.
The opening theme song is by nao of 5pb., and the ending theme is by Afilia Saga.

</doc>
<doc id="36756607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756607" title="W H Grindley">
W H Grindley

W H Grindley was an English pottery company that made earthenware and ironstone tableware, including flow blue. The company was founded in 1880 by William Harry Grindley (b. 1859) of Tunstall, Stoke-on-Trent.
The company was founded at the Newfield Pottery by Grindley and Alfred Meakin (connected to J. & G. Meakin company), but the partnership ended in 1884 and Grindley continued alone. It moved to the Woodland Pottery in 1891. William Harry Grindley died in 1926.
W H Grindley was taken over by Alfred Clough in 1960, and became known as Grindley of Stoke in 1978. The company bought Ceramix in 1980, and was itself bought by Federated Potteries in 1982 before being bought back by W H Grindley in 1988. The company went into receivership in 1991 and was taken over by Woodlands Pottery. Pattern books and records from 1880-1930 are in the Stoke-on-Trent City Archives.

</doc>
<doc id="36756618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756618" title="Tone Åse">
Tone Åse

Tone Åse (born 24 February 1965 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian singer, known from Norwegian choirs and jazz scenes. She is married to, and musically cooperating with jazz keyboardist Ståle Storløkken.
Careere.
After completing teacher education, she studied classical vocals at the Trondheim Musikkonservatorium and Tromsø Musikkonservatorium, and got a Masters degree on the Jazz program at Trondheim Musikkonservatorium (2007), where she is still working as an assistant professor.
Åse joined "Kvitretten" (1991) and contributed to two records with Kristin Asbjørnsen, Solveig Slettahjell, and Eldbjørg Raknes which she still are cooperating with. She took over the lead of "Sosialistisk Kor" in Trondheim (1994), and is also involved with "Trondheim Voices". She has performed with Trondheim Jazz Orchestra. She has also contributed in Live Maria Roggens «Liveband» (2006), and with Ingrid Storholmen she performed «Samtalen» at "Olsokdagene" (2006)
She leads the quartet BOL with her husband Ståle Storløkken (piano), Tor Yttredal (saxophone) and Tor Haugerud (drums) with the album "Silver sun" (2001). They appeared as a trio when Yttredal left the band, and composed the commission work for "Trondheim Kammerfestival" (2003). They performed at "Varangerfestivalen" (2006).
Åse is in the new lineup with Marilyn Mazur's "Future Song".

</doc>
<doc id="36756625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756625" title="Radomysl Castle">
Radomysl Castle

Radomysl Castle is a historical and cultural complex created in 2007–2011 by Olga Bogomolets MD, a Ukrainian doctor and public activist. The castle's center is an old flour mill built in town Radomyshl (Zhytomyr region, Ukraine) in the late 19th century by Polish engineer Piekarski. The mill was constructed upon the ruins of a paper mill built in 1612 by the order of the archimandrite (abbot) of Kyiv-Pecherska Lavra Yelisey Pletenecki (1550–1624). During research conducted during the reconstruction of this building, it was discovered that it had been planned to be used as a fortress. Since 2011, Radomysl Castle is the part of the Council of Europe’s cultural project called Via Regia, its purpose to promote cultural exchanges by means of tourism between European countries.
Interior.
The main attraction of Radomysl Castle is the Museum of Ukrainian home icons. The Museum’s collection is based upon Olga Bogomolets’ private collection of icons which she has been collecting since 1996. This is perhaps the first and only museum of its kind in Ukraine and in the entire world. The collection comprises more than 5000 icons and sculptures (Orthodox, Catholic and Greek-Catholic), created between the 16th and 20th centuries in different parts of Ukraine. One of the museum’s highlights is an icon of St. Nicholas carved in stone. This is probably the oldest icon in the collection of Radomysl Castle, dated from the 12th century. Some icons retain traces of the Soviet aggressive atheism. Among the exhibits is a box made of headless icons. Some of icons were rescued from burning, but they are impossible to restore. 
The Castle’s interior combines the features of the Late Medieval and Early Modern periods. One of the halls in the museum exhibition is the Ceremonial Hall. It is a place for special events, especially weddings. There is also a concert hall which seats 150 for classical music, chamber music, folk and jazz. Nina Matviyenko, a popular Ukrainian folk singer, performed there. The Castle Radomysl’s concert hall has another unique feature, it is probably the only concert hall in Europe with its own natural water spring. 
The Castle’s refectory is also a small museum. On its walls hang fine copies of old maps from the 15th–19th centuries. Its big oven can be used both to cook food, and as a fireplace.
Landscape park.
Radomysl Castle’s landscape park is created in accordance to all modern environmental requirements. Human interference in the environment was minimal. There are some natural fresh water springs in the park, which provide a very refreshing drink. The vast majority of trees and flowers growing in the park are rare species. Among them are iris, pink and white lilies, English garden roses, magnolias, and "Trapa rossica", a water caltrop, which is listed in Ukraine’s Red Book of endangered species.
The park is inhabited by animals like beavers, otters, minks, and water voles.
The Castle and its park are decorated with sculptures of St. Michael, dated to the 17th–19th centuries.
In 29 October 2009, near the place where the paper mill stood, a monument to Yelisey Pleteniecki was unveiled. This is perhaps the only monument in Ukraine on the surface of moving water.

</doc>
<doc id="36756634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756634" title="Lovell Manufacturing Company">
Lovell Manufacturing Company

Lovell Manufacturing Company, also known as Lovell Place, is a historic factory complex and national historic district located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It includes 9 contributing buildings. The buildings and their additions were built between 1883 and 1946. They are characterized as simple brick industrial buildings with shallow gable and parapet roofs. They housed a manufacturer of bed springs, mouse and rat traps, wringers, and dryers, and include a foundry and machine shop.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36756651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756651" title="Middha">
Middha

Middha (Sanskrit, Pali; Tibetan phonetic: "nyi") is a Buddhist term that is translated as "torpor", "drowsiness", "sleep", etc. In the Theravada tradition, "middha" is defined as a morbid state that is characterized by unwieldiness, lack of energy, and opposition to wholesome activity. In the Mahayana tradition, "middha" is defined as a mental factor that causes the mind to draw inward, lose discrimination between wholesome and unwholesome activities, and drop out of activities altogether. 
Middha is identified as:
Explanations.
Theravada.
Bhikkhu Bodhi explains:
The Atthasālinī (II, Book I, Part IX, Chapter II, 255) states about sloth and torpor: “Absence of striving, difficulty through inability, is the meaning.” We then read the following definitions of sloth and torpor:
Nina van Gorkom explains:
Mahayana.
The Abhidharma-samuccaya states: 
Mipham Rinpoche states:
Alexander Berzin explains:
External links.
Mahayana tradition:
Theravada tradition:

</doc>
<doc id="36756657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756657" title="History of the Norwegian Police Service">
History of the Norwegian Police Service

The Norwegian Police Service is the civilian police agency for Norway. The police service dates to the 13th century when sheriffs were first appointed. The first chief of police was appointed for Trondheim in 1686, and Oslo received a uniformed police corps in 1859. Police districts were introduced in 1894, with the current structure dating from 2003.
History.
The police force in Norway was established during the 13th century. Originally the 60 to 80 sheriffs ("lensmann") were predominantly used for writ of execution and to a less degree police power. In the cities there were originally "gjaldker" who had police power. The sheriffs were originally subordinate the "sysselmann", but from the 14th century they instead became subordinate the "fogd" and the number of sheriffs increased. In the cities the police authority was transferred directly to the "fogd", known as "byfogd". By the mid 17th century there were between 300 and 350 sheriffs. With the introduction of the absolute monarchy in 1660 and subsequent strengthening of the civil service, the importance of the police increased. The "fogd" as such became part of the police structure, with their subordinates, the county governors, received a similar role as that of chief of police. The first chief of police was hired in Trondheim in 1686, thus creating the first police district, although his jurisdiction only covered the city. Additional chief of polices were hired in Bergen in 1692, Christiania (Oslo) in 1744 and Christianssand in 1776.
From the 19th century deputies were hired in larger areas to assist the sheriffs. Neither the democratization in 1814 nor the introduction of municipal councils in 1837 effected the police structure. However, the Ministry of Justice and the Police was created in 1818 and has since had the primary responsibility for organizing the police force. The 19th century saw a large increase in the number of chiefs of police, increasing to sixteen by the middle of the century. Christiana established the country's first uniformed corps of constables from 1859, which gave the force a more unified appearance. Similar structures were soon introduced in many other cities. From 1859 the municipalities would finance the wages of the deputies and constables, which made it difficult for the police to use those forces outside the municipal borders. The first organized education of police officers started in Christiana in 1889.
The "fogd" position was decided abolished in 1894 and it was decided that some of its tasks would be transferred to the sheriffs.This resulted in 26 new chief of police positions, largely corresponding to the old "fogderi" areas. Some received both cities and rural areas, other just rural areas. At the same time the existing police districts were expanded to include the surrounding rural areas. However, the individual "fogd" were not removed from office until their natural retirement, leaving some in place until 1919. This removed the difference between the rural and city police forces; however the sheriffs were only subordinate the chief of police in police matters—in civil matters and administration they remained under the county governors.
The police school was established in 1920 and the Governor of Svalbard was created in 1925. To increase the police force's flexibility, the municipal funding was cut and replaced with state funding in 1937. Also in 1937 the first two specialty agencies were created, the Police Surveillance Agency (later the Police Security Service) and the Mobile Police Service. After a border agreement was reached between Norway and the Soviet Union in 1949, the Norwegian Border Commission was established the following year. The Criminal Investigation Service was established in 1959. The search and rescue system with two joint coordination centers and sub-centers for each police district was created in 1970.
The number of police districts was nearly constant from 1894 to 2002, although a few have been creased and closed. However, the organization in the various police districts varied considerably, especially in the cities. In particular some cities had the civilian responsibilities undertaken by the municipality. Especially for the public this was confusing, and the police services received a homogenous organization during the 1980s, with the civil tasks being organized as part of the police stations. Økokrim was established in 1988 and in 1994 the administrative responsibilities for the sheriff's offices was transferred to police districts. The police school became a university college in 1993 and introduced a three-year education; in 1998 a second campus opened in Bodø. Police Reform 2000 was a major restructuring of the police force. First the National Police Directorate was created in 2001. From 2003 the number of police districts was reduced from 54 to 27. The Police Computing and Material Service and the Criminal Investigation Service were both established in 2004. Ten police officers have been killed in service since 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="36756664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756664" title="Ibrahim Kamil">
Ibrahim Kamil

Ibrahim Kamel Al-Windawi (, born 9 September 1989) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al-Naft. He played for a short period for the UAE club Al Nasr SC. he is part of Iraq national football team in the 2014 World Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="36756690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756690" title="Heslington Brain">
Heslington Brain

The Heslington Brain is a 2,600-year-old human brain found inside a skull buried in a pit in Heslington, Yorkshire, in England. It is the oldest preserved brain ever found in Europe or Asia, and is believed to be the best-preserved ancient brain in the world. The skull was discovered during an archaeological dig commissioned by the University of York on the site of its new campus on the outskirts of the city of York. The area was found to have been the site of well-developed permanent habitation between 2,000–3,000 years before the present day. A number of possibly ritualistic objects were found to have been deposited in several pits, including the skull, which had belonged to a man probably in his 30s. He had been hanged before being decapitated with a knife and his skull appears to have been buried immediately. The rest of the body was missing. Although it is not known why he was killed, it is possible that it may have been a human sacrifice or ritual murder.
The brain was found while the skull was being cleaned. It had survived despite the rest of the tissue on the skull having disappeared long ago. After being extracted at York Hospital, the brain was subjected to a range of medical and forensic examinations which found that it was remarkably intact, though it had shrunk to only about 20% of its original size. It showed few signs of decay, though most of its original material had been replaced by an as yet unidentified organic compound, due to chemical changes during burial. According to the archaeologists and scientists who have examined it, the brain has a "resilient, tofu-like texture". It is not clear why the Heslington brain survived, although the presence of a wet, anoxic environment underground seems to have been an essential factor, and research is still ongoing to shed light on how the local soil conditions may have contributed to its preservation.
Discovery.
The site where the brain was discovered is about south-east of York city centre on the eastern edge of Heslington village. It is situated partly on the ridge of an ancient glacial moraine and partly in the basin of the Vale of York. Until the construction of the Heslington East campus of the University of York in 2009, the site was used as agricultural land.
Survey and excavation work, commissioned by the university, was carried out on the site from 2003. It culminated in a full-scale excavation carried out in 2007–08 by York Archaeological Trust in an area of just over . The archaeologists found that the landscape had been inhabited and farmed for thousands of years. The remains of prehistoric fields, buildings and trackways were discovered, dating from the Bronze Age through to the middle of the Iron Age, with traces of earlier activity as far back as the Mesolithic and Neolithic periods. During the Iron Age, the area appears to have been the site of a permanent settlement. The excavators found a number of circular features, which they interpreted as the remains of roundhouses. The inhabitants seem to have relocated during the Roman period to a site further up the ridge, leaving the area of the Iron Age settlement to revert to fields.
Around a dozen pits were found on the site and possibly ritualistic objects were found in a number of them. Some pits had been pierced with a single stake, while a number of pits included "burned" cobbles of a local type of stone. The headless body of a red deer had been deposited in a drainage channel and a red deer antler was found in an Iron Age ditch. In one waterlogged pit, a human skull – with the jawbone and the first two vertebrae still attached – was discovered in August 2008, lying face-down at the bottom of the pit. The find was seen as unusual but its true importance was not discovered until after it had been transported, within a block of soil, to the Finds Laboratory of the York Archaeological Trust. As Finds officer Rachel Cubitt was cleaning it, she noticed that something was loose inside the skull. She peered through its base and saw that it contained a "yellow substance". She said later that it "jogged my memory of a university lecture on the rare survival of ancient brain tissue ... we gave the skull special conservation treatment as a result and sought expert medical opinion." The skull and its contents were put into cold storage and were examined using a variety of medical and autopsy techniques.
Analysis of the skull and brain.
The skull was found to be that of a man aged between 26–45 years old at the time of death, likely in his mid-30s. He had died from traumatic spondylolisthesis – in other words the fracturing of his vertebrae, most likely caused by hanging. Very shortly afterwards his head and upper vertebrae had been severed from his body, almost surgically, using a thin-bladed knife. Although there is evidence from other sites of "trophy heads" being used in Iron Age societies, it appears that this head was almost immediately deposited in the pit and buried in fine-grained wet sediment. The reason for the killing is unknown, but from the archaeological context it is possible that it may have had a ritual or sacrificial aspect. Radiocarbon dating found that the man had died between 673–482 BC. His DNA was found to belong to haplogroup J1d, today only seen in a few individuals from Tuscany and the Near East. Examples of J1d have not previously been identified in Britain; it may have been present in the past but could since have been lost through genetic drift.
CT scanning was carried out at York Hospital, where the skull was opened and the contents were removed and forensically examined. The interior of the skull was found to contain several large fragments of brain mixed with sediment. The brain had shrunk to about 20% of its original size, but many anatomical features were still readily identifiable. It was remarkably well-preserved and had few signs of decay other than the presence of a few bacterial spores. One of the fragments clearly showed the neural folds of a cerebral lobe. 
The preservation of the brain has been attributed to the waterlogged, anoxic soil in which the head was buried, though only the brain, and not the rest of the tissue, survived burial; only scanty traces of other tissue remain on the rest of the skull. There is no sign of the head having been deliberately conserved (for instance through desiccation or smoking) or otherwise being subjected to preservation processes, such as mummification, before burial.
In contrast to other preserved brains in skeletonised bodies, no adipocere – a fatty compound formed through the process of decay – was detected in the Heslington brain, probably because the head was severed from the body before the latter (which has not been found) had started to decay. The brain had undergone significant chemical changes during its burial, notably a major decrease in the amount of proteins and lipids and their replacement by fatty acids and other substances produced as degradation products. Much of the original substance of the brain has been replaced by a high molecular weight, long-chain, hydrocarbon material that is as yet unidentified. According to the archaeologists who have examined it, the brain is "odourless", with a "smooth surface" and a "resilient, tofu-like texture."
The discovery of such a well-preserved brain is all the more remarkable considering the relative fragility of human brains following death. Even when placed in a chilled environment in a mortuary, brains quickly dissolve into liquid. The high fat content of the brain means that it is usually the first major organ to deteriorate. The brains of the crew of the American Civil War submarine "HL Hunley" were recovered along with their skeletonised bodies in 2000, and brains were found in the wreck of the English warship "Mary Rose", but archaeologists found that they "liquefied within a matter of minutes" unless preserved immediately in formalin. Brains found in terrestrial environments have tended to be better preserved, as the surviving material tends to have a higher proportion of hydrophobic (water-repellent) matter than in a fresh brain. There appear to be a number of routes by which brains have been preserved, though a common factor appears to be the existence of a wet, anoxic environment. The presence of such an environment is thought to have been responsible for a similar but less complete preservation of brain matter discovered in the 1990s during the construction of a new magistrates' court in Hull.
In the case of the Heslington brain, its preservation may have been aided by the immediate severing of the skull from the body. The human body tends to decay from the inside out, consumed by a post-mortem swarm of bacteria from the gut which spread around the body via blood from the alimentary tract. In this particular case, the head was severed from the alimentary tract and drained of blood, so the intestinal bacteria did not have an opportunity to contaminate it. The precise mechanism by which the Heslington brain was preserved is unclear, however; in a bid to shed light on this question, researchers have buried a number of pigs' heads in and around the campus to see what happens to them.

</doc>
<doc id="36756695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756695" title="1981 Cincinnati Open">
1981 Cincinnati Open

The 1981 Cincinnati Open (also known as the 1981 ATP Championships for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Cincinnati, Ohio in the United States that was part of the 1981 Volvo Grand Prix. The tournament was held from August 17 through August 23, 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="36756703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756703" title="North East Historic District">
North East Historic District

North East Historic District is a national historic district located at North East, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It includes 114 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of North East. The district includes commercial, residential, institutional, and religious buildings. The buildings were built from the mid-19th to early-20th century and are in a variety of popular architectural styles including Greek Revival, Queen Anne, and Italianate. Located at the center of the district is Gibson Park. Notable non-residential buildings include commercial buildings along East and West Main Street and South Lake Street, the Concord Hotel, the Crescent Hose Company, Baptist Church, Presbyterian Church, and Methodist Church, two main buildings of St. Mary's Seminary, McCord Memorial Library (1916), and Heard Memorial School.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36756722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756722" title="Inspiration Point">
Inspiration Point

Inspiration Point is a promontory cliff on the north rim of the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone due west of Yellowstone Falls on the Yellowstone River in Yellowstone National Park. The point was originally named Promontory Point in 1878 by W. H. Holmes but later given the name of Inspiration Point by G.L. Henderson, a park concessionaire in 1887. The point is a natural observation point over the rim of the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone.

</doc>
<doc id="36756728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756728" title="San Diego all'Ospedaletto, Naples">
San Diego all'Ospedaletto, Naples

San Diego all'Ospedaletto, also known as "San Giuseppe Maggiore", is a Baroque style church located on via Medina in the rione Carità in Naples, Italy. It is located across the street from the tall modern NH Ambassador Hotel and diagonal from the Palazzo Giordano and Questura.
The name of "San Giuseppe Maggiore" derives from a church of that name belonging to Arciconfraternity of the "Mannesi (i falegnami)", that was demolished nearby in the 16th century. The church was commissioned by Giovanna Castriota in 1514, a lady of the court of Giovanna III dei Castriota. It became a hospital for the poor, and later passed on to the Franciscan Order of Friars Minor. The present building was reconstructed in 1595 and dedicated to Saint Diego of Alcalá. 
The original nave was frescoed by Battistello Caracciolo, Andrea Vaccaro, and Massimo Stanzione. Only the former's frescoed escaped destruction during the earthquake of 1688. The canvas by Stanzione of the "Transit of St Joseph" remains in the last chapel on right. Vaccaro painted a canvas of "St Anthony of Padua" in the church. The polychrome marble altar was designed by Giovan Battista Nauclerio and completed by Giuseppe de Filippo. On the counterfacade is a marble tomb (1703) of the Prince Piombini, by Giacomo Colombo, using designs by Francesco Solimena.

</doc>
<doc id="36756740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756740" title="Ukrainian Heraldry Society">
Ukrainian Heraldry Society

Ukrainian Heraldry Society () is an Ukrainian non-governmental public organisation, which works on researches in heraldry, sphragistics (sigillography), vexillology, genealogy, emblem creating. 
History.
The Society was founded in 1990 in Lviv. Since 1995 it is a member of the International Federation of Vexillological Associations (Federation internationale des associations vexillologiques or FIAV) and the International Confederation of Genealogy and Heraldry (Confédération Internationale de Généalogie et d’Héraldique or CIGH). 
UHT unites the main professionals: historians, lawyers, archives and museum workers out of all Regions of Ukraine. The annual scientific heraldic conferences are held, where common questions are discussed together with the scientists of neighbor countries. Also the subject seminars, exhibitions are being organized, different materials published. Since 1993 the bulletin "Znak" (the Sign) is being published by the UHT. Next periodical publications are: "Genealogichni zapysky" (Genealogical Memoirs, since 2000), "Reyestr osobovykh herbiv UHT" (Register of the Private Coat-of-Arms, since 2003) and "Korporatyvnyi herbivnyk" (Corporative Armorial, since 2010).
There is active cooperation with the archives and scientific institutions.
Ukrainian Heraldry Society makes catalogues of municipal emblems and flags, gives an overall help to local authorities on questions of archive materials, reconstruction of historical symbols or elaboration of the new ones. Members of the Society provide researches in heraldry, genealogy, emblems, sphragistics; they also consult and execute draft works on questions of creating of emblems and flags.

</doc>
<doc id="36756742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756742" title="Witney Schneidman">
Witney Schneidman

Dr. Witney Schneidman has private sector, government and academic experience working on the African continent. Most recently he has served as a nonresident fellow at the African Growth Initiative in the Global Economy and Development program. He has devoted his career on U.S.-African relations, trade and investment issues in Sub-Saharan Africa and issues related to economic growth and prosperity on the African continent.
Personal life and career.
Prior to serving at the Brookings Institute and starting SAI, Dr. Schneidman served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs in the Clinton Administration where he was responsible for economic and commercial issues in Sub-Saharan Africa. Among his activities was ensuring the passage and implementation of the Africa Growth and Opportunity Act. He also coordinated the U.S.-SADC Forum, the U.S.-Angola Bilateral Consultative Commission, the U.S.-Nigeria Joint Economic Partnership Commission and the first U.S.-Africa Ministerial Forum.
During the Obama campaign, Dr. Schneidman was co-chair of the Africa Experts Group on the Foreign Policy Advisory team and a member of the Presidential Transition Team.
Dr. Schneidman is the author of "Engaging Africa: Washington and the Fall of Portugal’s Colonial Empire", which Foreign Affairs described as “a must-read for anyone interested in decolonization or Cold War diplomacy.” He was the principal author of the report, "A Ten Year Strategy for Increasing Capital Flows to Africa", issued by the Commission on Capital Flows to Africa, sponsored by the Corporate Council on Africa, the International Institute for Economics and the Council on Foreign Relations. He has written extensively on African economic and political issues, and has served as a commentator for CNN, the BBC and NPR, among other media outlets.
Dr. Schneidman is a member of the Trade Advisory Committee on Africa in the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, the Sub-Saharan African Advisory Committee at the U.S. Export-Import Bank, the Council on Foreign Relations and the Corporate Council on Africa. He received a Ph.D. in international relations from the University of Southern California, an M.A. in international relations from the University of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and his B.A. (Cum Laude) from Temple University.

</doc>
<doc id="36756752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756752" title="West 21st Street Historic District">
West 21st Street Historic District

West 21st Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It includes 35 contributing middle and upper class residential buildings built between 1857 and 1939. They are in a variety of popular architectural styles including Queen Anne, Italianate, and Colonial Revival. Many of the buildings have been converted to multi-family use.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36756758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756758" title="Juan Camacho">
Juan Camacho

Juan Camacho may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756768" title="Season Ticket Football 2003">
Season Ticket Football 2003

Season Ticket Football 2003 is an American football management simulation video game developed by Out of the Park and published by Infogrames.
Gameplay.
Season Ticket Football 2003 differs from most sports video game titles in that it does not allow the player to athletically dictate the results of games, but rather from a 'behind-the-scenes' business aspect of the sport as a franchise owner, similar to its companion titles, "Season Ticket Basketball 2003" and "Season Ticket Baseball 2003".
Reception.
Season Ticket Football 2003 received a score of 1.8 from Gamespot, citing a vague and obscure interface, repeated run-time errors, and quoting "Season Ticket Football is the worst sort of sports management title. The Dave Koch Sports effort (best known online as Action! PC Football) is one of those curious amalgrams of a migraine-inducing interface and relentless number crunching, a program so needlessly complex that you can't bring yourself to call it a game."

</doc>
<doc id="36756778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756778" title="Fair Glacier">
Fair Glacier

Fair Glacier is an alpine glacier located just west of Apache Peak, in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado. The glacier is immediately west of the Continental Divide on the opposite side of the divide from Isabelle Glacier.
[http://images.summitpost.org/medium/323048.JPG]

</doc>
<doc id="36756780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756780" title="Home in Wyomin'">
Home in Wyomin'

Home in Wyomin' is a 1942 American Western film directed by William Morgan and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Fay McKenzie. Based on a story by Stuart Palmer, the film is about a singing cowboy who helps out a former employer in trouble with his failing rodeo while romancing a woman reporter. In "Home in Wyomin"', Autry sang his hit songs "Be Honest with Me", "Back in the Saddle Again", and "Tweedle O'Twill", as well as Irving Berlin's "Any Bonds Today", becoming the first major star to sing the official song of the U.S. Defense Bond campaign during the war.
Plot.
Singing cowboy Gene Autry (Gene Autry) appears on a radio program to promote U.S. Defense Bonds. In the audience, wisecracking photographer Clementine Benson (Fay McKenzie) and reporter "Hack" Hackett (Chick Chandler) make fun of the singer and his devoted fans. After the program, Clementine and Hack try to get an embarrassing story on Gene, who knows their game and eludes the pair, who previously ridiculed him in print.
Gene is approached by Pop Harrison (Forrest Taylor), the owner of the rodeo troupe that gave Gene and his sidekick Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette) their start. Pop is worried that his son Tex is destroying their rodeo through his irresponsible drinking and gambling. Always ready to help out a friend, Gene decides to drive to Gold Ridge, Wyoming to lend a hand with the rodeo and straighten Tex out. Frog and Frog's brother Tadpole accompany him to Wyoming. They are followed by Clementine and Hack, who were ordered to follow Gene.
When they arrive at Bartlett's dude ranch in Wyoming, they watch Tex and the boys are preparing for their next rodeo. Hack's laughter at Tex's drunkenness provokes a fistfight, and Hack, a former prizefighter, easily beats up the drunken cowboy. Afterwards, Gene uses the incident as an opportunity to give Tex a stern lecture. Tex agrees to start acting more responsibly, and Gene tells him to attend that night's barbecue so the others can see that he's changed his ways.
That night, Hack follows three suspicious ranch guests to a saloon, where he joins them in a card game along with Tex and Sunrise (Olin Howland), an eccentric miner who shows off some gold he found. Hack quickly wins several hands, happy to take their money and Sunrise's gold. The leader of the three suspicious ranch guests, Crowley (George Douglas), is unnerved when Hack implies that he knows them from Chicago and is aware of Crowley's shady past. Gene comes to the saloon and retrieves Tex. After Hack leaves the saloon, Crowley, who is actually a gangster named Luigi Scalese, and his men follow him. On the road, someone takes a shot at Hack, nearly missing him.
The following day, as Tex performs in a staged shootout during the rodeo, Hack is shot and killed in the audience by someone who then loads a real bullet in Tex's gun which was dropped during the confusion. When the sheriff (Hal Price) investigates, he discovers the real bullet in Tex's gun and arrests him, despite the protests of Gene and his friends. Later, Clementine tells Gene about Hack's suspicion of Crowley, and Gene prevents Crowley and his men from leaving the ranch.
Crowly sends letters to Clementine and Gene, making it appear that each is inviting the other on a date that evening. While Clementine is away, Crowley breaks into her room and steals her photograph case in order to destroy pictures of himself in the crowd. Later Gene sends the remaining photographs off for fingerprinting, and soon after, Pop receives a telegram identifying the fingerprints on the photographs as belonging to Chicago mobster Luigi Scalese, Crowley's true identity.
Later that day, someone breaks into Pop's home, shoots him, and takes the incriminating telegram. Gene suspects Crowley and races off to arrest him. Clementine stays behind and learns from Pop that there is a secret entrance to a mine beneath his house. Clementine asks Sunrise to lead her through the tunnels of the mine, and quickly discovers that Sunrise is insane, and that he killed Hack and wounded Pop fearing they would divulge the location of his precious gold. As Sunrise attempts to kill Clementine, Gene arrives and saves her, as the crazy miner falls down a mine shaft to his death. Afterwards, as Pop recovers from his wound, Tex promises him that he will really straighten up this time, and Clementine and Gene ride off together singing a song.
Production.
Casting.
Between 1941 and 1942, Fay McKenzie appeared as the leading lady in five Gene Autry films: "Down Mexico Way" (1941), "Sierra Sue" (1941), "Cowboy Serenade" (1942), "Heart of the Rio Grande" (1942), and "Home in Wyomin"' (1942). She would later remember Autry with fondness, "Gene was a bright and marvelous man, a joy and inspiration to work with. It was wonderful for the whole family to be able to go and enjoy his films. It was such a privilege to work with Gene. It was the high point for me; a happy time."
Tom Hanlon, who plays a radio announcer in the film, was actually the announcer on Autry's Sunday night "Melody Ranch" CBS radio program.
Filming and budget.
"Home in Wyomin"' was filmed February 25 to March 14, 1942. The film had an operating budget of $84,006 (equal to $ today), and a negative cost of $85,024.

</doc>
<doc id="36756802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756802" title="Abbas Rehema">
Abbas Rehema

Abbas Hussein Rehema Al-Mutairi (, born October 6, 1988) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al Shorta. He was called up for the Iraq national football team for the 2014 World Cup qualification. He is the younger brother of Ali Rehema the Iraq national team defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36756804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756804" title="Invest in Love">
Invest in Love

"Invest in Love" is the eighth episode of the sixth season of the American television medical drama "Grey's Anatomy", and the show's 110th episode overall. Written by Stacy McKee and directed by Jessica Yu, the episode was originally broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States on November 5, 2009. "Grey's Anatomy" centers around a group of young doctors, training to be seasoned professionals. In this episode, Dr. Arizona Robbins (Jessica Capshaw) is stunned when her longtime patient's parents offer the hospital a donation of twenty-five million dollars. Katherine Heigl (Dr. Izzie Stevens) was absent from the episode, as she was filming the 2010 blockbuster "Life as We Know It". The initial airing was viewed by 13.95 million Americans, garnered a 5.1/13 Nielsen rating/share in the 18–49 demographic, and ranked third for the night in terms of viewership.
Production.
The episode was written by Stacy McKee and directed by Jessica Yu. Jenny Barak edited the music and Donald Lee Harris served as production designer. Katherine Heigl (Dr. Izzie Stevens) was absent from the episode, as she was filming the romantic comedy "Life as We Know It" (2010). In the episode, Alex Karev (Justin Chambers) held a baby shirtless, to medically stabilize him; McKee commented on this: "Alex’s story came from these cases I’d been reading about tiny, preemie babies where the doctors had done everything medically possible, but the babies just weren’t strong enough to rally." She also noted that the idea of the surprise party was "based on a true story, too. A true Grey’s story. It happened a few years ago, when we threw Krista Vernoff a surprise baby shower."
Reception.
The episode was viewed by 13.95 million Americans, and garnered a 5.1/13 Nielsen rating/share in the 18-49 demographic. "Entertainment Weekly" Jennifer Armstrong gave a positive review of the episode, calling it an "emotional buildup", and writing overall: "Even Grey's Anatomy itself knew it had reclaimed its name with this one." Michael Pascua of "The Huffington Post" was also positive of the episode, saying that it "show that "Grey's" can be strong without having a Grey sister (or Izzie) involved." Steve Marsi of "TV Fanatic" also enjoyed the episode, noting that the lack of Meredith and Derek's relationship was not a problem, and enjoying Torres and Robbins', writing: "They're just a great, believable and enjoyable couple to watch on screen."

</doc>
<doc id="36756812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756812" title="Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College, Bhagalpur">
Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College, Bhagalpur

Jawahar Lal Nehru Medical College and Hospital (JLNMCH), Bhagalpur is an Indian medical college in Bhagalpur district of Bihar. Established in the year 1971 by Government of Bihar, it is enlisted in AIPMT as BR 03. It is affiliated to Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University, Bhagalpur.
The seats are filled through State level as well as National level through AIPMT conducted by CBSE. In 2012, state government announced a 3-year undergraduate level course in family medicine at the college, which would be later initiated in five other colleges in the state.

</doc>
<doc id="36756822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756822" title="West Sixth Street Historic District">
West Sixth Street Historic District

West Sixth Street Historic District is a national historic district located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It includes 100 contributing buildings built between 1821 and 1930, with most built after 1883. They are primarily high-style residences along the "Millionaires Row" and in a variety of popular architectural styles including Eclectic Victorian, Second Empire, and Tudor Revival. Notable non-residential buildings include the Erie County Courthouse. Located in the district and separately listed are the Charles Manning Reed Mansion, John Hill House, and Watson-Curtze Mansion.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="36756823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756823" title="West Park Place">
West Park Place

West Park Place is a national historic district located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It includes 12 contributing commercial buildings built between 1857 and 1865. They are characterized as three-story brick buildings over a full basement in the Italianate style. The buildings reflect Erie's mid-19th century central business district. The district includes the Bindernecht Block, Purcell Hardware Store and "Marble Front" building. A number of the buildings were designed and built by John Hill, who also built the John Hill House in the West Sixth Street Historic District.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36756824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756824" title="Disability Pride Week">
Disability Pride Week

Disability Pride Week is an annual event used to promote visibility and mainstream awareness of the positive pride felt by people with disabilities within their community. It marks a break from traditional concepts of disabilities as shameful conditions, which were often hidden from public spaces and mainstream awareness.
Disability Pride.
Disability Pride is "a new concept", as an awareness campaign in Toronto has pointed out on their Website. The movement for disability pride has its roots in the pride awareness events of other minority communities, such as Black pride and LGBT pride. The United States' first Disability Pride Parade was held in Chicago in 2004. Disability pride parades have since spread to many locations across the U.S., including San Francisco, Philadelphia, Detroit, and Silicon Valley/Santa Clara County, and internationally, such as Norway, the United Kingdom, and South Korea. The Chicago Disability Pride Parade describes the goals in its mission statement:
One organizer of Disability Pride Week at the University of Washington expressed her desire to change society's concept of people with disabilities, moving away from the medical model of disability:
Disability Pride Week events.
Disability Pride Week events combine the celebration of "disability culture" with educational events, such as seminars on legal rights for people with disabilities, accessibility awareness, and similar topics. 

</doc>
<doc id="36756826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756826" title="Anant Sadashiv Patwardhan">
Anant Sadashiv Patwardhan

Anant Sadashiv Patwardhan was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Dewas Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36756832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756832" title="Timeline of Hartford, Connecticut">
Timeline of Hartford, Connecticut

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Hartford, Connecticut, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="36756836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756836" title="California Historical Landmarks in Riverside County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Riverside County, California

List table of the properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmarks within Riverside County, southern California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36756839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756839" title="Bapulal Kishan">
Bapulal Kishan

Bapulal Kishan was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Dewas Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36756849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756849" title="Bhanwarlal Jivan">
Bhanwarlal Jivan

Bhanwarlal Jivan was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Narsinghgarh Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36756852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756852" title="The Neglected Books Page">
The Neglected Books Page

The Neglected Books Page is a book review website. The site features reviews of books that have been, according to the site, "neglected, overlooked, forgotten, or stranded by changing tides in critical or popular taste." The site was founded in 2006.
Brad Bigelow is the author of the website, he reportedly has had a lifelong interest in finding and reading neglected books, typically by browsing used books stores. He says he was inspired by David Madden's book "Rediscoveries" (1971), a collection of essays by a variety of writers about little-known or long-forgotten books. Bigelow said it provided the model for how to write about forgotten books. Bigelow is unnamed on the website, only as "Editor", he says he does not seek publicity or fame, rather he sees the project as a hobby like stamp collecting. Bigelow worked for the U.S. Airforce for 25 years; as of the sites founding in 2006, he was an IT project manager for NATO.
Some of the books rediscovered include "The Moonflower Vine" (1962) a novel by Jetta Carleton, a discovery noted by "Publishers Weekly". "Neglected Books" had featured the book in December 2006, including an endorsement from author Jane Smiley. Literary agent Denise Shannon read "Neglected Books" and from that ordered a used copy of "Moonflower" which she read and loved. From there she sold the idea to Harper Perennial to republish. 
Author Jack Gantos said in "The New York Times" that "My favorite Web site is The Neglected Books Page. Every time I go on it, there is always a title I walk away with that I track down, and it's drop-dead great."

</doc>
<doc id="36756856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756856" title="Tadeusz Trzmiel">
Tadeusz Trzmiel

Tadeusz Trzmiel (born 1945) is the Polish politician who has been Deputy Mayor of Kraków since 2002, when Jacek Majchrowski was elected as a Mayor.

</doc>
<doc id="36756857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756857" title="Kunwar Yashwantsingh Kushwah">
Kunwar Yashwantsingh Kushwah

Kunwar Yashwantsingh Kushwah was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Morena Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36756862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756862" title="Argyrophorus">
Argyrophorus

Argyrophorus is a butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae. It is distributed between Chile, Argentina and Perú. The systematic and circunscription of the genus is disputed.
Taxonomy and Systematics.
Type species by monotypy is "Argyrophorus argenteus" Blanchard, 1852. Lamas recognised 4 species in the Neotropics, including the type species and 3 undescribed species. 
Several species of southern temperate satyrinae have been assigned initially to the genus Argyrophorus, but taxonomic work during the 1950's and 1960's placed many of these in distinct genera. The recent description of a new species, with two distinct subspecies, raised the question of the validity of those genera (Neomaniola, Pampasatyrus, Pamperis, Punargenteus, Etcheverrius, Palmaris, Stuardosatyrus, Chilanella and Pseudocercyonis), but did not provided a resolved and conclusive synonymy for the group.
Traditionally Argyrophorus has been considered a representative of the subtribe Pronophilina, but Viloria found it to be closer related to the Hypocystina. This later arrangement has been challenged by phylogenetic analysis based on molecular data.

</doc>
<doc id="36756863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756863" title="List of songs recorded by The Darkness">
List of songs recorded by The Darkness

This is a list of the songs known to have been recorded by the British rock band The Darkness.
On 12 August 2002 "The Darkness" released their first EP titled I Believe in a Thing Called Love, which contained three tracks all of which would appear on their debut album Permission to Land .
Approximately one year after the release of the original EP, "The Darkness" released Permission to Land . The album first single Get Your Hands Off My Woman rose the band to prominence. It was the third single I Believe in a Thing Called Love that propelled the band to international stardom, charting in over a dozen music charts around the globe.
On 28 November 2005 the second album was released One Way Ticket to Hell... and Back. Despite the album being successful it did not surpass its predecessor in neither sales nor critical applaud. On August 2006 the band split up.
After a five year hiatus in 2011 the band reunited and released their third album Hot Cakes on 20 August 2012.
Unreleased songs.
This is a list of original Darkness songs that have never been officially released.

</doc>
<doc id="36756868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756868" title="List of populated places in Nevşehir Province">
List of populated places in Nevşehir Province

Below is the list of populated places in Nevşehir Province, Turkey by the districts. In the following lists first place in each list is the administrative center of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="36756869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756869" title="Laxmi Narayan Gupta">
Laxmi Narayan Gupta

Laxmi Narayan Gupta was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Pichhore Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36756876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756876" title="University College of Medicine and Dentistry">
University College of Medicine and Dentistry

University College of Medicine and Dentistry (abbreviated as UCMD), established in 2001, is a private college of medicine and dentistry taking examinations under University of Lahore. It is located on Raiwind Road, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. The college is registered with Pakistan Medical and Dental Council since 2007. It is also registered with Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates, listed in WHO Avicenna Directories and International Medical Education Directory, and approved by Ministry of Health. Nawaz Sharif Social Security Hospital, Al-Khidmat Hospital, University Dental Hospital and University Teaching Hospital are attached as training and teaching hospitals. The college enrolls 150 students for 5 year MBBS and 75 for BDS each year.
External links.
12
36

</doc>
<doc id="36756879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756879" title="Tamás Takács (footballer born 1991)">
Tamás Takács (footballer born 1991)

Tamás Takács (Serbian: "Tamaš Takač" / Тамаш Такач; born 20 February 1991) is a Serbian football striker who plays for Szigetszentmiklós.
Born in Subotica, SFR Yugoslavia, he played with FK Vinogradar, FK Subotica and FK Spartak Zlatibor Voda before joining Hungarian side Kozármisleny SE where he played until the end of the 2009–10 NB II season. In summer 2010 he signs with OFK Beograd and after playing two seasons in the Serbian SuperLiga, he was loaned, in summer 2012, to FK Bačka Topola playing in the Serbian League Vojvodina.

</doc>
<doc id="36756882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756882" title="Narsinghrao Jabarsingh">
Narsinghrao Jabarsingh

Narsinghrao Jabarsingh was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Bhind Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly from Indian National Congress by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36756891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756891" title="IAAF World Relays">
IAAF World Relays

The IAAF World Relays is an international annual track and field sporting event that will see national teams from around the world compete in relay races. The first two editions will take place in Nassau, Bahamas at the Thomas Robinson Stadium in 2014 and 2015. The competition format will include the 4 × 100 metres relay, the 4 × 200 metres relay, the 4 × 400 metres relay, the 4 × 800 metres relay and the 4 × 1500 metres relay. The event will have a $1.4 million prize fund.

</doc>
<doc id="36756892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756892" title="Matúš Jorík">
Matúš Jorík

Matúš Jorík (born 11 September 1993) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club Spartak Myjava.
Spartak Myjava.
He made his Corgoň Liga debut for Spartak Myjava against FK Dukla Banská Bystrica on 18 August 2012, Spartak Myjava loss 0-1.

</doc>
<doc id="36756901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756901" title="Radhavallabh Vijayvargiya">
Radhavallabh Vijayvargiya

Radhavallabh Vijayvargiya was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Narsinghgarh Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36756904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756904" title="Mirapinna esau">
Mirapinna esau

Mirapinna esau, the Hairyfish, is a species of flabby whalefish only known from the Atlantic Ocean from near the Azores. Formerly considered a member of the no longer recognized family Mirapinnidae, this species is the only known member of its genus.
Description.
"Mirapinna esau" grows to a length of TL. Little is known of the fish beyond its appearance. Wheeler (1977) states that only one specimen was caught, near the sea surface, and that it was a copepod feeder. The original specimen was captured north of the Azores at 47°20'North, 22°30'West.
Etymology.
The generic name is from the Latin 'mirus' (wonderful), 'pinna' (thorn), for the unusual fins possessed by this fish. The specific name is from the character Esau in the bible, who is stated to be a hairy man (Genesis 27:11).

</doc>
<doc id="36756914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756914" title="Paul Hoffmann (neurophysiologist)">
Paul Hoffmann (neurophysiologist)

Paul Hoffmann (July 1, 1884 – March 9, 1962) was a German neurophysiologist and is known for describing Hoffmann's sign.
Medical career.
He was born in Dorpat, Estonia where his father was professor in Internal Medicine. He went on to study medicine in Universities of Leizpig, Marburg and Berlin from where he received his medical degree in 1909.
In 1911 he was appointed as assistant to Max von Frey at Wurzburg University. He published 32 articles prior to beginning of World War I and during the war worked for several German field hospitals in France and military hospital at Wurzburg.
His early worked mainly focused on nerve action potentials and electrophysiology of nerves. He was a prolific writer and researcher and has been hailed by some as father of modern German neurophysiology
In 1917, he was appointed as Associate Professor at University of Berlin and in 1924 he was made director of Institute of Physiology at University of Freiburg-im-Breisgau which was completely destroyed in an aerial raid in 1944 but continued his work later in a new building until he retired in 1954.
He received honorary degrees form Humboldt University of Berlin and University of Zurich.
Hoffmann's sign.
It was in March and August 1915 just few months before Jules Tinel when Hoffmann published two articles in journal "Medizinische Klinic" describing a method of evaluating success of nerve sutures and nerve regeneration. The sign termed as (H- sign) Hoffmann's sign was elicited by tapping distal to the site of injured nerve which produced tingling sensation, the sensation was neither permanent nor severe. In October 1915, Jules Tinel described the same phenomenon in French "le signe de fourmillement".
Hoffman did not get enough credit in spite of being the first one to describe this sign because after the end of the war, Tinel's research gained more popularity and in all regions outside Germany where the sign is known as Tinel's sign.

</doc>
<doc id="36756929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756929" title="Raghunath (politician)">
Raghunath (politician)

Raghunath was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Sheopur Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly from Hindu Mahasabhba by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36756935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756935" title="Marblehead Harbor">
Marblehead Harbor

Marblehead Harbor is a harbor located in Marblehead, Massachusetts, 17 miles northeast of Boston. It is considered the birthplace of the Continental Navy, forerunner of the United States Navy, and of United States Marine Corps Aviation.
Description.
Marblehead Harbor is located to the east of the town's center. To the south is an isthmus that connects the town to nearby Castle Rock, which is located on the eastern end of the harbor. The harbor is home to many yachts and also a fishing community, which has increased over the years. There are 2,000 moorings and the harbor contains 14.2 miles of tidal coastline. For a number of years, the Burgess Company was located along the shores of the harbor. Fort Sewall is also located along the northwestern edge of the harbor.
Military history.
Marblehead Harbor has a distinguished military history as well. It was the home port of the schooner "Hannah", the first armed vessel of the Continental Navy, and her original owner and master and most of her crew were from Marblehead. A diary entry by a local sailmaker records her sailing on her first military expedition during the American Revolution, under the command of John Glover; the birth of what was to become the United States Navy. The ship was equipped with cannon and with provisions including the indigenous "Joe Frogger" molasses/sea water cookie. The nautical backgrounds of the crew were instrumental in helping the colonists during various sea campaigns during the course of the war.
On August 20th 1912, Alfred Austell Cunningham became the first Marine aviator, taking off from Marblehead Harbor in a Burgess Model H seaplane given to him by the Burgess Company. His flight began the era of United States Marine Corps Aviation.
In 1915, United States Naval Training Station for Aviation, Marblehead was opened, operating until 1917. The station was the first air station in the state, and trained units from all over the region. 
In July of 1997, the USS Constitution was moored overnight in Marblehead Harbor.

</doc>
<doc id="36756937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756937" title="Rèze">
Rèze

Rèze is a white Swiss wine grape variety that is primarily found around the village of Sierre in the canton of Valais in southwest Switzerland. Here the variety is used to produce "vin des glaciers"—a sherry-style wine that utilizes a solera system of wine stored in larch wood or oak barrels that are never fully emptied with newer vintages being added to the barrels containing the older vintages.
Despite its historical use in the production of "vin des glaciers", its plantings have nonetheless been declining over the last century and now the variety is almost extinction.
In the 21st century, DNA profiling determined that Rèze is likely one of the parent varieties to the Piedmont wine grape Cascarolo bianco and the Trentino wine grapes Nosiola and Groppello di Revò.
Synonyms.
Over the years Rèze has been known under a variety of synonyms including Petit Prié Tardif, Reize verte, Réze verte, Rèzi and Resi.

</doc>
<doc id="36756939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756939" title="Ramakant Khode">
Ramakant Khode

Ramakant Khode was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Khargone Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36756945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756945" title="Magomed Omarov">
Magomed Omarov

Magomed Omarov may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756958" title="Chameli Bai Sagar">
Chameli Bai Sagar

Chameli Bai Sagar was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
She represented Morena Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36756982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756982" title="Manoj Kumar (disambiguation)">
Manoj Kumar (disambiguation)

Manoj Kumar (born 1937) is an Indian actor and director
Manoj Kumar may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36756993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36756993" title="Union City Historic District">
Union City Historic District

Union City Historic District is a national historic district located at Union City, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It includes 96 contributing buildings and 1 contributing structure in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Union City. The district includes commercial, residential, and industrial buildings. The buildings were built between 1865 and 1925 and are in a variety of popular architectural styles including Late Victorian and Colonial Revival. The commercial buildings are mostly brick two- and three-story buildings. Notable buildings include the Hansen Building (1888), Clement Lodge Building (1890), I.O.O.F. Building (1889), Union City Chair Company (1907, 1911), Mulkie House (c. 1905), Westcott House (c. 1900), and First Baptist Church (1923).
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36757003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757003" title="Notocetichthys trunovi">
Notocetichthys trunovi

Notocetichthys trunovi, Trunov's southern cetomimid, is a species of flabby whalefish only known from the Lazarev Sea near Antarctica where it is found at depths of from . This species grows to a length of SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="36757005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757005" title="ATLS-9701">
ATLS-9701

ATLS-9701 is a small U.S. Navy drone launch ship that at only 200 ft +- long is too small to carry a name. It was recently used by the US Marine Corps (USMC), when members of the 13th MEU's MRF fast roped onto her from a CH-46 helicopter during anti pirate training. During the training the ship carried 4 double stacked standard containers, along with a 5th triple stacked container. About 40 feet of open deck was available for the Marines to repel on to.
Specifications:
Displacement 850 tons full load.
Propulsion 2 diesels, 2 shafts, 15 knots
Dimensions 260x26x7 feet

</doc>
<doc id="36757007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757007" title="Crepidium dentatum">
Crepidium dentatum

Crepidium dentatum (toothed Crepidium) is a member of the family Orchidaceae, endemic to the Philippines.
Ecology.
found in 

</doc>
<doc id="36757023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757023" title="Maggie Louie">
Maggie Louie

Maggie Louie (November 10, 1970) is an American songwriter, guitarist and singer, best known for the pop single "Always Be Your Girl" featured on her solo album, "Maggie Louie", released in 1999 and as the lead singer of the underground cult band Buttermilk which recorded four albums including "Star Spangled Bubblegum" (1993) and "On Tap" (1995). Louie's vocal talents have been described as providing a "fiery emotive delivery" for Buttermilk's "blues rock, jazz, funk, folk and H.O.R.D.E.-style groovy jams." 
In 1998, Louie's life story was optioned as a feature film titled "Sincerely Maggie" but the movie was never produced. 
Louie's song, "Junky Rhapsody" was featured on Grammy nominee Stanley C. Adkins' 2001 album "The Undesirables" which was produced by Alex Chilton in New Orleans, LA. Also in 2001, Louie played herself as the lead singer of a bar band in one scene of the TV-Movie, A Passion.

</doc>
<doc id="36757053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757053" title="Josh Earnest">
Josh Earnest

Josh Earnest (born in March 1977) is White House Assistant to the President, and White House Press Secretary.
He replaced Bill Burton as White House Deputy Press Secretary. On May 30, 2014 President Obama announced that Earnest would replace Jay Carney as the White House Press Secretary.
Early years.
Earnest was born in Kansas City, Missouri, to parents Jeanne and Don Earnest. He attended The Barstow School, a private secondary school, on a scholarship. He excelled in baseball and basketball. Earnest graduated from Rice University in 1997 with a degree in political science.
Career.
Immediately following college, he worked in the 1997 Houston Mayoral Election for Lee Brown. Earnest served as a congressional aide to U.S. Congressman Marion Berry from 2002-2003 after working on Michael Bloomberg's first mayoral campaign. He then joined Senator Obama's presidential campaign as Obama's Iowa Communications Director. He also later served as Obama's Texas Communications Director during the primaries. He then served as the principal deputy press secretary to Jay Carney, occasionally filling in during press briefings and hosting West Wing Week, the president's "video diary" of the week.

</doc>
<doc id="36757060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757060" title="Islam Medical College">
Islam Medical College

Islam Medical College (abbreviated as IMC), established in 2010, is a private college of medicine located on Pasroor Road, Sialkot, Punjab, Pakistan. It is registered with PMDC, affiliated with UHS and approved by Ministry of Health. Islam Teaching Hospital and Islam Central Hospital are attached to the college as training and teaching hospitals. The college enrolls 100 students for 5 year MBBS each year.

</doc>
<doc id="36757065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757065" title="Crepidium uncatum">
Crepidium uncatum

Crepidium () is a member of the family Orchidaceae, endemic to the Philippines.
Ecology.
found in 

</doc>
<doc id="36757066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757066" title="Waterford Borough Historic District">
Waterford Borough Historic District

Waterford Borough Historic District is a national historic district located at Waterford, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It includes 41 contributing buildings in the central business district and surrounding residential areas of Waterford. The district includes commercial and residential buildings built between 1820 and 1939. They are in a variety of popular architectural styles including Greek Revival, Federal, and Italianate. The district includes the town square. Notable buildings include the St. Peter's Episcopal Church (1832), Presbyterian Church (c. 1850), Amos Judson House, and Judson's Store (1820). The district includes the separately listed Eagle Hotel (1826).
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36757087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757087" title="Stedman Bailey">
Stedman Bailey

Stedman Bailey (born November 11, 1990) is an American football wide receiver for the St. Louis Rams of the National Football League (NFL). Bailey played college football for West Virginia University, and received All-American honors. The St. Louis Rams picked him in the third round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
Early years.
Bailey was born in Miramar, Florida. He attended Miramar High School, and played wide receiver for the Miramar Patriots high school football team. He was a teammate of former Mountaineer quarterback Geno Smith. Bailey caught 68 passes for 1,163 yards and 14 touchdowns in his Miramar career, and was a Class 6A first-team all-state selection as a senior.
College career.
Bailey enrolled in West Virginia University, where he played for the West Virginia Mountaineers football team from 2010 to 2012. As a freshman in 2010, he started in nine games for the Mountaineers, playing in 13 total. Earning All-Big East freshman honors from ESPN.com, Bailey was the team's fourth-leading receiver with 24 receptions for 317 yards and four touchdowns. His collegiate debut in week two against Marshall culminated in a season high five receptions for 72 yards, while he produced two touchdown receptions against Maryland in week three. Bailey also produced four catches for 61 yards receiving, including a 32-yard touchdown, against North Carolina State in the Champs Sports Bowl.
Bailey started in all 13 games for the Mountaineers during the 2011 season. He set the Mountaineer single season record for receiving yardage (1,279 yards) and tied the school record for most touchdown receptions (12) in a single season. Bailey's receiving yards ranked 13th in the Division I FBS overall. Bailey's most prolific game of the season came in week six against UConn when he recorded seven receptions for 178 yards and two touchdowns, including a career long 84-yard touchdown reception. Bailey also set a school record with five consecutive 100-yard receiving games, producing seven such performances throughout the season. His season culminated with a five reception, 82 yard and one touchdown performance in the Orange Bowl. Bailey's production in 2011 earned him second-team All-Big East honors from the conference coaches, as well as first-team all-conference honors from Phil Steele and ESPN.com.
Statistics.
Regular and postseason
Professional career.
2013 NFL Draft.
Bailey decided to forgo his senior season at West Virginia and enter the 2013 NFL Draft. He was drafted in the third round, with the 92nd overall pick, by the St. Louis Rams. He would be drafted along with his college teammate Tavon Austin, reuniting the two on the Rams.
2014.
In May 2014, Stedman was suspended for the first 4 games of the 2014 season for a violation of the NFL policy on performance-enhancing substances program.

</doc>
<doc id="36757091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757091" title="Walter S. Mason Jr.">
Walter S. Mason Jr.

Dr. Walter S. Mason Jr., a Clinton, Oklahoma rural veterinarian turned U.S. Route 66 hotelier, was a former head of the Best Western hotel chain.
In 1955, governor-elect Raymond Gary named Dr. Mason (Col '45) as vice-chairman of the State Board of Affairs; he served seven years (1970–76) as an appointed member of the Oklahoma Industrial Development and Park Commission. He became president of Best Western International in 1984.
As owner of the Tradewinds Courtyard Inn from 1963 until 2003, he hosted Elvis Presley during his travels from Memphis to Las Vegas and Hollywood and was one of many Route 66 businesspeople interviewed in 2001 by Pixar as research for 2006 animated film "Cars".
When Interstate 40 in Oklahoma was proposed as a bypass to route 66, "Doc" Mason advocated the new road follow a route close to the town, preventing Clinton from becoming a ghost town like many other bypassed communities on US 66. A close friend of Route 66 historian and author Michael Wallis (who brought Pixar's John Lasseter, Jonas Rivera, Joe Ranft, Matthew Lo and Kevin Reher to town), he served on the Friends of Oklahoma Route 66 Museum board and donated land for construction of the 1995 museum.
Under Mason's ownership, the two-story, 76-room hotel was a member of Best Western and provided room service, a restaurant and a swimming pool. Suite 215 was furnished in the 1960s style to match the Elvis Presley era. "Doc" was always quick to tell a story and offer fresh red apples to every guest.
A member of Clinton's local Masonic Lodge since 1949, "Doc" Mason sold the Tradewinds Courtyard in 2003 and died in June 2007 after a lengthy battle with Alzheimer's disease. After his demise the Tradewinds went into a steep decline, losing its Best Western membership and receiving many highly negative reviews.
In 2011, Oklahoma's state legislature designated a one-mile section of Interstate 40 in Clinton as the Dr. Walter S. Mason, Jr. Memorial Highway in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="36757101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757101" title="Shyam Sunder Patidar">
Shyam Sunder Patidar

Shyam Sunder Patidar was an Indian politician from the state of the Madhya Pradesh.
He represented Mandsaur Vidhan Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly by winning General election of 1957, 1962, 1972, 1980 and 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36757121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757121" title="Crepidium quadrilobum">
Crepidium quadrilobum

Crepidium quadrilobum ( ) is a member of the family Orchidaceae, endemic to the Philippines.
Ecology.
found in 

</doc>
<doc id="36757130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757130" title="Multan Medical and Dental College">
Multan Medical and Dental College

Multan Medical and Dental College (abbreviated as MMDC), established in 2008, is a private college of medicine and dentistry located in Multan, Punjab, Pakistan. It is registered with PMDC, affiliated with UHS and approved by Ministry of Health. 500 bedded Ibn–e–Siena Hospital is attached to the college as a training and teaching hospital. The college enrolls 100 students for 5 year MBBS each year.

</doc>
<doc id="36757136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757136" title="Harrington Covered Bridge">
Harrington Covered Bridge

Harrington Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Conneaut Township, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It crosses the west branch of Conneaut Creek. It is a , King post truss bridge. It was constructed about 1870, and rebuilt in 1962.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36757154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757154" title="Chiporsun">
Chiporsun

Chiporsun (Chapursan) is a valley containing some eight villages in Gojal, the Northern Areas of Pakistan. It is the most Northwestern part of Pakistan, bordering Afghanistan and China. The people speak the Wakhi Language and belong to the Ismaili sect of Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="36757155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757155" title="Norwegian Bureau for the Investigation of Police Affairs">
Norwegian Bureau for the Investigation of Police Affairs

The Norwegian Bureau for the Investigation of Police Affairs () is a government agency under the Ministry of Justice and the Police. Located in Hamar, it is responsible for investigating reports of misconduct and criminal offenses by members of the Norwegian Police Service and the Norwegian Prosecuting Authority.

</doc>
<doc id="36757172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757172" title="Glenelg, Mars">
Glenelg, Mars

Glenelg, Mars (or "Glenelg Intrigue") is a location on Mars near the Mars Science Laboratory ("Curiosity rover") landing site ("Bradbury Landing") in Gale Crater marked by a natural intersection of three kinds of terrain.
The location was named "Glenelg" by NASA scientists for two reasons: all features in the immediate vicinity were given names associated with Yellowknife in northern Canada, and Glenelg is the name of a geological feature there. Furthermore, the name is a palindrome, and as the Curiosity rover will visit the location twice (once coming, and once going) this was an appealing feature for the name. The original Glenelg is a village in Scotland which on 20 October 2012 had a ceremony, including a live link to NASA, to celebrate their "twinning" with Glenelg on Mars.
The trek to Glenelg will send the rover east-southeast of its landing site. One of the three types of terrain intersecting at Glenelg is layered bedrock, which is attractive as the first drilling target.

</doc>
<doc id="36757187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757187" title="Rob Loughan">
Rob Loughan

“Robert Michael Loughan” (born July 7, 1965) is an American entrepreneur and investor best known for the sale of Octane Software, the company he co-founded, for 3.2 billion dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="36757192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757192" title="German submarine U-316">
German submarine U-316

German submarine "U-316" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 11 August 1942 at the "Flender Werke" yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 316, launched on 19 June 1943 and commissioned on 5 August under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Hermann Stuckmann.
The U-boat spent her career as a training vessel. She sank or damaged no ships.
She was scuttled in May 1945 at war's end.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 22nd U-boat Flotilla from 5 August 1943. She was then transferred to the 23rd flotilla on 1 September. She was reassigned to the 31st flotilla on 20 February 1945.
Fate.
The boat was scuttled near Travemünde (northeast of Lübeck) at war's end on 2 May 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="36757194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757194" title="Crepidium binabayense">
Crepidium binabayense

Crepidium binabayense is a member of the family Orchidaceae, endemic to the Philippines.
Ecology.
found in 

</doc>
<doc id="36757231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757231" title="Crepidium tjiwideiense">
Crepidium tjiwideiense

Crepidium tjiwideiense () is a member of the family Orchidaceae endemic to the Philippines.
Ecology.
found in 

</doc>
<doc id="36757256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757256" title="Modern Greek literature">
Modern Greek literature

Modern Greek literature refers to literature written in common Modern Greek, emerging from late Byzantine times in the 11th century AD. During this period, spoken Greek became more prevalent in the written tradition, as demotic Greek came to be used more and more over the Attic idiom and the katharevousa reforms.
The migration of Byzantine scholars and other émigrés from southern Italy and Byzantium during the decline of the Byzantine Empire (1203–1453) and mainly after the fall of Constantinople in 1453 until the 16th century, is considered by some scholars as key to the revival of Greek and Roman studies and subsequently in the development of the Renaissance humanism and science. These emigres were grammarians, humanists, poets, writers, printers, lecturers, musicians, astronomers, architects, academics, artists, scribes, philosophers, scientists, politicians and theologians. They brought to Western Europe the far greater preserved and accumulated knowledge of their own civilization.
The Cretan Renaissance poem "Erotokritos" is undoubtedly the masterpiece of this early period of modern Greek literature, and represents one of its supreme achievements. It is a verse romance written around 1600 by Vitsentzos Kornaros (1553–1613). The other major representative of the Cretan literature was Georgios Chortatzis and his most notable work was "Erofili". Other plays include "The Sacrifice of Abraham" by Kornaros, "Panoria" and "Katsourbos" by Chortatzis, "Fortounatos" by Markos Antonios Foskolos, "King Rodolinos" by Andreas Troilos, "Stathis (comedy)" and "Voskopoula" by unknown artists.
Much later, Diafotismos was an ideological, philological, linguistic and philosophical movement among 18th century Greeks that translate the ideas and values of European Enlightenment into the Greek world. Adamantios Korais and Rigas Feraios are two of the most notable figures. In 1819, "Korakistika", written by Iakovakis Rizos Neroulos, was a lampoon against the Greek intellectual Adamantios Korais and his linguistic views, who favoured the use of a more conservative form of the Greek language, closer to the ancient.
The years before the Greek Independence, the Ionian islands became the center of the Heptanese School (literature). Its main characteristics was the Italian influence, romanticism, nationalism and use of Demotic Greek. Notable representatives were Andreas Laskaratos, Andreas Kalvos, Aristotelis Valaoritis and Dionysios Solomos.
After the independence the intellectual center was transferred in Athens. A major figure of this new era was Kostis Palamas, considered "national poet" of Greece. He was the central figure of the Greek literary generation of the 1880s and one of the cofounders of the so-called New Athenian School (or Palamian School). Its main characteristic was the use of Demotic Greek. He was also the writer of the Olympic Hymn.
Modern Greek literature is usually (but not exclusively) written in polytonic orthography, though the monotonic orthography was made official in 1981 by Andreas Papandreou government. Modern Greek literature is represented by many writers, poets and novelists. Major representatives are Angelos Sikelianos, Emmanuel Rhoides, Athanasios Christopoulos, Kostis Palamas, Penelope Delta, Yannis Ritsos, Alexandros Papadiamantis, Nikos Kazantzakis, Andreas Embeirikos, Kostas Karyotakis, Gregorios Xenopoulos, Constantine P. Cavafy, Demetrius Vikelas, while George Seferis and Odysseas Elytis have been awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Other writers include Manolis Anagnostakis, Nicolas Calas, Kiki Dimoula, Maro Douka, Nikos Engonopoulos, Nikos Gatsos, Iakovos Kambanelis, Nikos Kavvadias, Andreas Karkavitsas, Kostas Krystallis, Dimitris Lyacos, Petros Markaris, Lorentzos Mavilis, Jean Moréas, Stratis Myrivilis, Zacharias Papantoniou, Dimitris Psathas, Ioannis Psycharis, Alexandros Rizos Rangavis, Miltos Sahtouris, Antonis Samarakis, Giannis Skarimpas, Dido Sotiriou, Georgios Souris, Alexandros Soutsos, Panagiotis Soutsos, Angelos Terzakis, Kostas Varnalis, Vassilis Vassilikos, Elias Venezis, Nikephoros Vrettakos.

</doc>
<doc id="36757274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757274" title="Judo at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games">
Judo at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games

The Judo competition at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games was held in Cartagena, Colombia. The tournament was scheduled to be held from 25–29 July at the Coliseo de Gimnasia y Deportes de Combate, Unidad Deportiva Pedro de Heredia in Cartagena. This was the first time that the regional games held the Kata division.

</doc>
<doc id="36757278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757278" title="Hypogene (geology)">
Hypogene (geology)

In ore deposit geology, hypogene processes occur deep below the earth's surface, and tend to form deposits of primary minerals, as opposed to supergene processes that occur at or near the surface, and tend to form secondary minerals. 
At great depth the pressure is high, and water can remain liquid at temperatures well above 100 °C. Hot aqueous solutions originating in the magma contain metal and other ions derived from the magma itself, and also from leaching of surrounding rocks. Hypogene deposition processes include crystallization from the hot aqueous solutions rising through the earth's crust, driven by heat provided by the magma. 
Major dissolved components are chlorine, sodium, calcium, magnesium and potassium, and other important components include iron, manganese, copper, zinc, lead, sulfur (as SO42- or S2- or both) carbon (as HCO3- and CO2) and nitrogen (as NH4). Most ore fluids contain chloride as the dominant anion.
As the solutions rise the temperature and pressure fall. Eventually a point is reached where the minerals start to crystallise out. Minerals formed in this way are called primary, or hypogene, minerals. Sulfur is a common component of the fluids, and most of the common ore metals, lead, zinc, copper, silver, molybdenum and mercury, occur chiefly as sulfide and sulfosalt minerals. 
Examples of primary minerals formed in this way include the sulfide minerals pyrite (FeS2), galena (PbS), sphalerite (ZnS), and chalcopyrite (CuFeS2).
Etymology.
The word hypogene is derived from the Greek, hypo=under and gene=born or produced. The terms “hypogene” and “supergene” refer to the depth at which they occur. 

</doc>
<doc id="36757279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757279" title="Crepidium purpureiflorum">
Crepidium purpureiflorum

Crepidium purpureiflorum () is a member of the family Orchidaceae endemic to the Philippines.
Ecology.
found in 

</doc>
<doc id="36757301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757301" title="Conor Pepper">
Conor Pepper

Conor Pepper, (born 4 May 1994 in Dublin) is an Irish professional association football player, who generally plays as a midfielder but can also feature at right-back. He currently plays for Greenock Morton in Scottish League One.
Pepper played youth football with Portmarnock AFC and Cherry Orchard AFC. He played for St. Patrick's Athletic Under 19s and also made one first team appearance in the Leinster Senior Cup in a Dublin derby away to Shamrock Rovers, before signing for Scottish Premier League club Inverness Caledonian Thistle in July 2012.
He made his first competitive appearance for Inverness on 18 August 2012. During this appearance he scored a late equalising goal in a 2–2 draw against Hearts at Tynecastle. He made an assist in his second match, a 4–2 loss against Celtic.
Pepper has represented the Republic of Ireland at youth international levels.
Despite a promising first campaign with Inverness, Pepper failed to figure during his second season and was subsequently released by the club in May 2014.
However, Pepper subsequently stayed in Scottish football by signing for Greenock Morton.

</doc>
<doc id="36757307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757307" title="Palisadian-Post">
Palisadian-Post

The Palisadian-Post is a weekly subscription newspaper serving Pacific Palisades, California, published each Thursday by the Pacific Palisades Post. The company also publishes the weekly newspaper "The Shopper", also known as the "Post-Shopper". The "Palisadian Post" was founded in 1928. The newspaper's editor-in-chief is Frances Sharpe.
Pacific Palisades was founded in early 1922 by Methodists who migrated west. In September 1924, the fledgling Methodist-based community’s governing body, the Pacific Palisades Association, began publishing a monthly news sheet known as the “Progress,” edited by Thomas R. Gettys. Each issue carried local church and social items and the latest real estate sales in a town being marketed with the slogan “Where the Mountains Meet the Sea.”
Thirty-two year old Telford Work moved to the Palisades in March 1926 as director of public relations for the Pacific Palisades Association. A journalism graduate from the University of Southern California who had assembled a small chain of local newspapers near Fresno, Work became editor of the “Progress.” On May 4, 1928, he launched The Palisadian, an 8-page weekly tabloid that sold for five cents a copy. “It is with the confidence that an alert, constructive-spirited newspaper, distinctive in format and devoting itself resolutely in its news and editorial columns to making Pacific Palisades the business, banking, school and religious center of the north shore section...will meet with a hearty welcome from the residents of Pacific Palisades and the surrounding sections that the publisher herewith presents the first issue of The Palisadian,” Work wrote in his front-page introduction. The lead story announced that $1 million was being spent to pave Marquez Avenue (now Chautauqua) and plant trees along the community’s link with Santa Monica Canyon. 
On September 7, 1934, Work sold The Palisadian to his friend Clifford D. Clearwater, who in 1922 had been one of the first settlers in the community with his young wife, Zola. In fact, the first of their three children was the second child ever born in the Palisades.
Although untrained as a journalist (his previous jobs included delivering the mail by horseback as the town’s original postal carrier), Clearwater had natural talents that enabled him to serve with distinction as editor, publisher, photographer, and civic leader until his death in 1956.
When Clearwater died of a heart attack in 1956 at the age of 59, his widow Zola took over as editor and publisher. By 1960 she was ready to retire and sell her newspaper to “crosstown” rivals Charles Brown and William Brown, twin brothers who in 1954 had acquired the Pacific Palisades Post, a separate publication that was established in 1950. The Browns immediately consolidated both papers into one operation at 839 Via de la Paz, where two years earlier they had built their own printing plant. The plant enabled the Browns to publish their paper in a broadsheet format (today’s standard newspaper format), as opposed to The Palisadian’s smaller tabloid size.
Charlie and Bill Brown ran a thriving operation, financially and editorially until August 1981, when they sold their business to the Small Family of Kankakee, Illinois. Jean Alice Small, her daughter, Jennifer Small, and her two sons, Len R. Small and Thomas P. Small, led the newspaper until 2012 when they sold the paper to Alan Smolinisky, a real estate entrepreneur born and raised in the Palisades. Thirty-three year old Alan Smolinisky purchased the Palisadian-Post, Post Printing and the building located at 839 Via de la Paz on December 5, 2012. In a column in the December 7, 2012 issue of the newspaper, Smolinsky explained his reasons for buying the paper. A January 30, 2013, "Los Angeles Times" article quoted Smolinksy as saying, "Pacific Palisades is my favorite place on Earth, and the Palisadian-Post is my favorite newspaper" and "I have a moral obligation to make sure this newspaper is published every Thursday for as long as I live." Smolinisky has upgraded the paper to full color, added breaking news email alerts, opened up a booth at the Sunday farmer's market, sponsored the town spelling bee, started a speaker series, added Sudoku, expanded the popular 2 cents worth column, and addressed some delivery problems. Bill Bruns, who had been editor of the paper since 1993, retired after 20 years of service. Smolinisky replaced many of the writers, and sold the paper's longtime building due to the printing operation being outsourced. In November 2013, the newspaper moved into new headquarters in Palisades Village. The paper currently has 13 staff members and approximately 5,000 paid subscribers (the most in the 87-year history of the paper). A one year subscription costs $69.

</doc>
<doc id="36757318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757318" title="Santa Prisca Church (Taxco)">
Santa Prisca Church (Taxco)

The Church of Santa Prisca is a colonial monument is located in the city of Taxco de Alarcón, in the southern state of Guerrero, Mexico, built between 1751 and 1758. 
The construction was ordered by the Catalan miner José de la Borda, one of the most prosperous of the region of Taxco in the 18th century. De la Borda was one of the most important mine owners in the region. 
From 1758 to 1806, the temple was the tallest building in Mexico, but was surpassed by the Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel.
Construction.
The construction of the church of Santa Prisca in Taxco lasted 15 years and was aimed at creating a space where the priest Manuel de la Borda--son of José de la Borda, benefactor and founder of the parish--could officiate mass. The architectural design was provided by the French architect Diego Durán and the Spanish Cayetano Sigüenza. The altars are work also of the Spanish Isidro Vicente and Luis de Balbás! 
Description.
The parish is located in a small ravine to the west of the old city of Taxco. It has a Latin cross plan, with an aisle chapel which serves as the altar of the souls. It has Churrigueresque twin towers and a chapel decorated with Talavera tiles, typical of New Spanish architecture.
Santa Prisca has nine altars, worked in wood and covered with gold leaf. The main altarpiece is dedicated to the Immaculate Conception as the patron saints of the city of Taxco: Santa Prisca and San Sebastian. In the chapels of the transept of the church are two other important altarpieces, one dedicated to the Virgin of Guadalupe and the other to the Virgin of Rosary.
Inside the church are paintings by Miguel Cabrera, called "the divine," a Oaxacan painter born in the 17th century, who was commissioned by José de la Borda to decorate the building.

</doc>
<doc id="36757323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757323" title="Joc Pederson">
Joc Pederson

Joc R. Pederson (born April 22, 1992) is an American professional baseball outfielder in the Los Angeles Dodgers organization.
His father, Stu Pederson, played for the Dodgers in 1985. Pederson was drafted by the Dodgers in the 11th round of the 2010 MLB Draft, out of Palo Alto High School.
In 2011 with the Ogden Raptors of the Pioneer Baseball League, he hit .353 while leading the league in RBIs and outfield assists, and was selected as both a Pioneer League and Rookie League All Star. In 2012, he was named the Dodgers' "Minor League Player of the Year". By virtue of his Jewish heritage, he played for the Israel national baseball team in the qualifying rounds of the 2013 World Baseball Classic.
In 2013, Pederson was selected to the Southern League All-Star game, and earned post-season All-Star honors after leading the league in slugging percentage. He was ranked the Dodgers' # 1 prospect by "Baseball America" after the 2013 season. In February 2014, he was named the 34th-best prospect in baseball by "Baseball America".
Personal life.
Pederson was born in Palo Alto, California, and is the son of Stu and Shelley Pederson. His father Stu Pederson played eight games for the Dodgers in 1985, and a total of 12 years in the minor leagues. He is Jewish, as are his mother and both her parents; he is therefore eligible to play for Team Israel, which has the same requirement as Israel does for automatic Israeli citizenship, that a person have at least one Jewish grandparent. His mother was an athletic trainer in college.
His older brother Tyger Pederson played baseball for the University of Pacific, and plays second base in the Dodgers minor league system. His eldest brother is named Champ, and has Down Syndrome. His younger sister, Jacey, is an elite national amateur soccer player, who plays forward on the US Under-17 Women's National Soccer Team.
High school.
He attended Palo Alto High School, graduating in 2010. In his senior year he batted .466 with a .577 on-base percentage and a .852 slugging percentage, with 20 stolen bases in 22 attempts, playing center field and leading off for the school's baseball team. He also played for the school's football team, leading the team with 30 receptions in his senior year for 650 yards.
After high school, "Baseball America" named him the top prospect in the Hawaii Collegiate Baseball League after he batted .319 with Waimea and was picked for the league's All-Star Game.
Professional career.
2010–11.
Pederson was drafted by the Dodgers in the 11th round of the 2010 MLB Draft, slipping to that round because of his bonus demands, out of Palo Alto High School. He had committed to play at the University of Southern California, which his father had attended and for which he had played baseball, but chose instead to sign with the Dodgers. He was given a $600,000 signing bonus, the second-highest bonus of any Dodger selection in the draft and four times the amount recommended for draft picks later than the fifth round.
In 2011, as the youngest player with the Ogden Raptors of the Pioneer Baseball League, he hit .353/.429/.568 with 11 homers, leading the league in RBIs (64), OPS (.997), and outfield assists (9), second in stolen bases (24) and on-base percentage, and third in runs (54) and walks (36), in 68 games. He was selected as both a Pioneer League and Rookie League All-Star, a "Baseball America" Rookie All Star, and a Topps Short-Season/Rookie League All Star. He was rated the Pioneer League # 3 prospect, and the Best Hitter for Average in the Dodgers system, by "Baseball America" in 2011.
2012–13.
He was promoted to the Class-A (Advanced) Rancho Cucamonga Quakes of the California League in 2012, at age 20. There he batted .313./.396/.526 with 96 runs (4th in the league), 48 extra base hits, and 26 steals. He was selected as the Dodgers 2012 "Minor League Player of the Year" (the "Branch Rickey Award"), and by MILB.com as a Dodgers organization All Star. "Baseball America" rated him the California League # 3 prospect, and the Best Defensive Outfielder and as having the Best Strike Zone Discipline in the Dodgers system.
Pederson, by virtue of his Jewish heritage, played for the Israel national baseball team in the qualifying rounds of the 2013 World Baseball Classic, the youngest player on the team. He batted second for Team Israel, and hit .308 with three steals. The Dodgers then assigned him to the Mesa Solar Sox in the Arizona Fall League, where he was an AFL Rising Star. He was ranked the Dodgers' # 4 prospect by "Baseball America" (and # 3 prospect by MILB.com) after the 2012 season.
He received a promotion to the AA Chattanooga Lookouts in the Southern League, starting the 2013 season as the youngest member of the team and the second-youngest position player in the league. Pederson was selected to represent the US team at the All-Star Futures Game during the season, and was also selected to play in the Southern League All Star game. He hit .278 while leading the league in slugging percentage (.497), was second in home runs (22) and runs (81), third in stolen bases (31), on-base percentage (.381), and OPS (.878), and fifth in walks while batting leadoff, with 58 RBIs and 10 outfield assists in 123 games during the season. He earned post-season All-Star honors, was a Topps Double-A All Star and a "Baseball America" Minor League All Star, and was "Baseball America"'s # 7 prospect in the league. In the "Baseball America" manager's poll, he was voted the best defensive outfielder and the most exciting player in the Southern League. He then played winter ball for the Cardenales de Lara in the Venezuelan Winter League, where he had a .439 on-base percentage.
He was ranked the Dodgers' # 1 prospect by "Baseball America" after the 2013 season. Through 2013, his aggregate minor league stats were a hitting line of .301/.394/.503, with 51 home runs and 83 stolen bases in 1,196 at bats.
2014.
In February 2014, he was named the 34th-best prospect in baseball by "Baseball America". The Dodgers invited him to spring training in the Spring of 2014. 
Pederson was then assigned to the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes to begin the 2014 season. He was named minor league Prospect of the Month by MLBPipeline.com in April 2014, as the hitter who excelled that month. He had batted .398 (second-best in the league)/.504/.663 with 6 home runs and 9 steals, and ranked near the top of the minor league leaderboards in a number of categories, despite being the fifth-youngest position player in the Pacific Coast League, and almost five years younger than the average player in the league. Ben Badler of "Baseball America" opined: "Pederson is the Dodgers' No. 1 prospect, No. 34 in baseball, and I still think he's underrated."
Pederson was named to the mid-season Pacific Coast League All-Star team after batting .319/.437 (leading the PCL)/.568 (3rd in the PCL) with a 1.005 OPS (leading the PCL), 17 home runs (tied for 6th in the minor leagues), 57 walks (tied for first in the PCL), 58 runs scored (2nd in the PCL), and 20 stolen bases (3rd in the PCL), in 74 games.

</doc>
<doc id="36757332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757332" title="List of international cricket five-wicket hauls by Richard Hadlee">
List of international cricket five-wicket hauls by Richard Hadlee

In cricket, a five-wicket haul (also known as a "five–for" or "fifer") refers to a bowler taking five or more wickets in a single innings. This is regarded as a notable achievement, and fewer than 40 bowlers have taken more than 15 five-wicket hauls at international level in their cricketing careers. Sir Richard Hadlee, a retired New Zealand cricketer, took 41 five-wicket hauls during his career in international cricket. A fast bowler who represented his country between 1973 and 1990, Hadlee was described by the BBC as "one of the greatest bowlers the world has seen". Hadlee was named by "Wisden" as one of their Cricketers of the Year in 1982. In 2009, the International Cricket Council (ICC) inducted him into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame. Hadlee was the first bowler to take 400 wickets in Test cricket.
Hadlee made his Test debut in 1973 against Pakistan at the Basin Reserve, Wellington. His first Test five-wicket haul came in 1976, against India in a match at the same venue which New Zealand won. In February 1980, he took his first pair of five-wicket hauls in a single match against the West Indies at the Carisbrook, Dunedin. By the end of his career, he had claimed five-wicket hauls in both innings of a match on five occasions. He went on to take ten or more wickets in a match on nine occasions. In Tests, Hadlee was most successful against Australia, with fourteen five-wicket hauls. His best bowling figures in an innings were 9 wickets for 52 runs against the same team at the Brisbane Cricket Ground, in November 1985. He followed up in the second innings of that match with 6 for 71 and achieved his best match figures of 15 for 123 to give New Zealand an innings win.
Having made his One Day International (ODI) debut in February 1973 against Pakistan at the Lancaster Park, Christchurch, Hadlee's first ODI five-wicket haul came in 1980 against India, in a match at the WACA Ground, Perth, which New Zealand lost. His career-best bowling figures in ODI cricket were 5 wickets for 25 runs against Sri Lanka at the County Cricket Ground, Bristol, in June 1983. By the time he retired from international cricket in 1990 after nearly 17 years, Hadlee had taken 36 five-wicket hauls in Test cricket and five in ODIs. As of October 2012, he is second overall among all-time combined five-wicket haul takers, behind Muttiah Muralitharan.

</doc>
<doc id="36757353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757353" title="Styāna">
Styāna

Styāna (Sanskrit; Tibetan phonetic: "mukpa") is a Buddhist term that is translated as "lethargy", "gloominess", etc. In the Mahayana tradition, "styāna" is defined as a mental factor that causes the mind to be withdrawn, unclear, and unable to focus.
Styāna is identified as:
Definitions.
The Abhidharma-samuccaya states: 
Mipham Rinpoche states:
Alexander Berzin explains:
External links.
Mahayana tradition:

</doc>
<doc id="36757390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757390" title="Colin Williams">
Colin Williams

Colin Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36757425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757425" title="Regner">
Regner

Regner is a white German wine grape variety that is a crossing of the table grape Seidentraube (also known as "Luglienga bianca") the "Vitis vinifera" red grape variety Gamay. The variety was developed in 1929 and by 1990 there was almost 420 acres (170 hectares) of Regner planted in Germany, mostly in the Rheinhessen. By the late 20th century, wine growers in England were also experimenting with the variety.
Viticulture.
Regner is an early budding and ripening vine that can accumulate high must weights but low acidity levels if harvested very late in the season.

</doc>
<doc id="36757430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757430" title="Stephen de Bray">
Stephen de Bray

Stephen de Bray (died 1441) was an Irish judge, notable for his lengthy tenure as Lord Chief Justice of Ireland.
He was probably the son of Stephen de Bray senior, who also held high judicial office in Ireland, being appointed Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer in 1376 and Chief Justice of the Irish Common Pleas in 1380. Little is known of their background, although the family name may suggest that they came from Bray, County Wicklow.
Little is known of the younger Stephen's career until 1397 when he was appointed Lord Chief Justice. At the same time he was appointed a member of the council which advised Roger Mortimer, 4th Earl of March, the Lord Deputy of Ireland. McGee calls him "one of the wisest statesmen of the Pale", which may be borne out by the fact that, with two short intervals, he held the office of Lord Chief Justice for 38 years. In 1407 it appears that John Bermyngham was nominated to succeed him, but this was presumably against Bray's wishes since he succeeded in blocking Bermyngham's appointment, and remained in office for the next 25 years.
He retired in 1435 and died in 1441. After his death his widow Katherine was embroiled in litigation with James Butler, 4th Earl of Ormond: the case was considered serious enough to be referred to the English Privy Council.

</doc>
<doc id="36757431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757431" title="Dinosaur Island (1994 film)">
Dinosaur Island (1994 film)

Dinosaur Island is a 1994 B-movie directed by Fred Olen Ray. It is often seen as a low budget rip off of Jurassic Park, although the plot is essentially a remake of 1952's "Untamed Women". The movie is well known for its often panned special effects and large amount of nudity.
Plot.
An army captain is flying three misfit deserters home for a court martial when the plane has engine trouble and they crash-land in the ocean near an uncharted island. There they find a primitive society of cave women who routinely sacrifice virgins to appease The Great One, the top dog dinosaur on the island. Mistaken for gods, the men must destroy The Great One or face death, but meanwhile they fall in love.
Reception.
The film has been received poorly by most critics and holds a 2.6 rating on IMDb and a 26% fresh rating on rotten tomatoes.com

</doc>
<doc id="36757433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757433" title="Stephanie Leigh Batiste">
Stephanie Leigh Batiste

Stephanie Leigh Batiste is an American academic, author, and performance artist. She is currently associate professor in the Departments of English and Black Studies at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB).
Early life.
Batiste earned an AB in sociology with minors in African American Studies and Theater from Princeton University in 1994. She was awarded her Masters and PhD in American Studies from George Washington University in 1999 and 2003 respectively. She is also a performance artist, the author and original performer of "Stacks of Obits".
Career.
From 2004 to 2005, Batiste was a faculty fellow, Research Institute for the Comparative Study of Race and Ethnicity at Stanford University. In 2007 she began her career as an assistant professor at UCSB, and from 2009 has been Associate Professor of Black
Studies and English. Her scholarly perspective construes "the relationships between representation, performance, identity, race, and
power. Her research and teaching focus on the ways in which cultural texts, like literature, theater, performance, film, art, and bodies,
act as imaginative systems that create identity, cultural values, human interactions, and possibilities of justice.In 2011-12, Batiste was Acting Chair of the Black Studies Department in the Social Sciences and Humanities at UCSB.
Selected works.
In an overview derived from writings by Stephanie Batiste, OCLC/WorldCat encompasses several works and publications, including the following:

</doc>
<doc id="36757434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757434" title="Robert Dekeyser">
Robert Dekeyser

Robert "Bobby" Dekeyser (born 7 October 1964) is a Belgian-German entrepreneur and former football goalkeeper. He is best known as the founder of , a Germany-based manufacturer of exclusive outdoor furniture with distribution in more than 80 countries. An outdoor enthusiast, Dekeyser is also the founder of DEDON ISLAND, a luxury resort in the Philippines, and DEDON TRAVEL, an outdoor-oriented travel agency. His autobiography, "Unverkäuflich ('Not for Sale')", released in Germany in May 2012, rose to the top of that country's business book sales charts.
Early life.
Dekeyser was born in Leuven, Belgium, the eldest son of entrepreneurs who divorced when he was young. Raised in Belgium, Austria and Germany, he recalls his childhood as "chaotic", leaving him with a deep-seated longing for harmony. A self-described rebel and school truant, he turned to football as a source of discipline and self-esteem. At 14, he won a talent contest, earning himself a place at the New York soccer camp of his idol, the Brazilian striker Pelé, whom he credits with encouraging him to "just follow your dreams". At the age of 15, having attended nine different schools, Dekeyser stood up in English class and announced that he was dropping out to become a professional footballer.
Soccer career.
In 1980, at the age of 16, Dekeyser joined the Junior A-League team 1. FC Kaiserslautern as goalkeeper, staying with them until 1982, when he was called up for military service in Belgium. On his release, in 1984, he joined Royal Union Saint-Gilloise in Belgium's second division. In 1986, on the recommendation of the FC Bayern Munich goalkeeper Jean-Marie Pfaff, Dekeyser was brought in as a replacement for the team's reserve keeper, who was sidelined with a long-term injury. A year later he was transferred to another Bundesliga team, 1. FC Nürnberg, where he continued to serve as reserve goalkeeper.
After a season at Belgium's first-division KRC Genk, Dekeyser transferred in 1989 to TSV 1860 München, where he served as starting goalkeeper. In his sixteenth appearance for the team, he was seriously injured by an elbow blow to the face, spending several weeks in hospital. During his convalescence, he learned from the newspapers that he had been replaced as goalkeeper. Despite his anger at the manner of his dismissal, Dekeyser was persuaded to make a three-game comeback for 1860 Munich when the replacement goalkeeper was himself injured. He describes these as the "best three games of my career". Although numerous offers from first and second division teams followed, he retired from professional football at the end of the 1990–1991 season.
Business career.
Dekeyser founded his first company, DEDON, while still in the hospital, recovering from his facial injury. He readily admits that he had no business plan or clear idea of what DEDON would do or sell. His motivation was "to have fun working with family and friends", which he has since described as a motto of the company. DEDON's first products were hand-painted skis, 80 pairs of which were sold, 50 of them later returned. It was only after a stint selling raffia giraffes, imported from Madagascar, that the company changed its focus to outdoor furniture.
Dekeyser had first begun developing his idea of an 'outdoor living room', furnished with the same attention to comfort, quality and aesthetics usually reserved for indoor living rooms, in the late 1980s. Following his retirement from professional soccer, he worked closely with his uncle, an engineer and expert at plastics extrusion, to create a durable, weather-resistant synthetic fiber (known today as DEDON Fiber) with a natural look and feel. Unsure of how to take his idea of the 'outdoor living room' further, however, he had to put it on hold.
Then, during a visit to the Cologne furniture fair in 1991, Dekeyser met a furniture manufacturer from Cebu in the Philippines, an island known for the craftsmanship of its weavers. The manufacturer agreed to help him produce woven rattan furniture using synthetic DEDON Fiber. Soon after, Dekeyser moved his family to Cebu where, for six months, he worked to develop DEDON's first woven products. On returning to Germany, he and his wife, Ann-Kathrin, purchased an old farm on Lüneburg Heath, close to Hamburg Harbor, where DEDON furniture from the Philippines was now being shipped.
In its first decade, the company, which consisted of a small group of family and friends sharing business duties and chores on the farm, grew slowly. A converted chicken coop served as Dekeyser's office. Arriving furniture was stored in the barn. Then, in 2000, DEDON opened its own production facility in the Philippines, on Cebu island, allowing it better to control the design and quality of its furniture. This, along with the adoption of powder-coated aluminum frames, the introduction of more contemporary designs and the development of innovative marketing campaigns, helped DEDON to grow rapidly. Over the next five years, sales increased by more than 1,300 percent. Within a span of eight years, the Cebu staff expanded from seven employees to 3,600.
In 2004, Dekeyser established new headquarters for the company on the outskirts of Lüneburg. The headquarters, which included a state-of-the-art facility production for DEDON Fiber, received press attention in Germany for their relaxed, family-like atmosphere and the numerous perks employees enjoyed, including billiards, yoga, sauna, gym and chef. In the Philippines, meanwhile, employees were receiving above-average pay, free health insurance, free transportation to the factory and affordable loans and services from an employee-owned cooperative bank. Berlin's "Der Tagesspiegel" daily newspaper dubbed Dekeyser's emphasis on employee satisfaction, both in Germany and the Philippines, "The Bobby Principle".
In 2006, Dekeyser sold a 49-percent stake in DEDON to a US-based private equity firm but soon regretted the sale. The "friendly atmosphere" of the company was being replaced by a focus on "money and numbers", he later explained. With the financial help of investor Daniel Borer, a Swiss physician, who assumed a minority interest in DEDON in 2009, Dekeyser was able to pay back the bank loans the private equity company had left behind.
Since the buyback, Dekeyser has taken steps to restore DEDON to its earlier atmosphere and values. He has also sought to revitalize the brand's communication, releasing image campaigns, short films and a limited-edition book all shot by American fashion photographer Bruce Weber, whom Dekeyser has described as "very much on our wavelength". Other communications initiatives include the launch of the DEDON Tour du Monde catalog shoot, described as an ongoing, around-the-world journey to discover "unique places and moments under the open skies". As of Spring 2012, the Tour du Monde had included stops in Kenya, India, Thailand, Mexico, South Africa, the Seychelles, New York City, Megève in France and the Philippine island of Siargao.
Dekeyser has established relationships with several new designers since the buyback, most notably with Philippe Starck, who launched "Play", his first collection for DEDON, at the 2010 Milan Furniture Fair. In a promotional video made at the time, Starck is quoted saying, "Everybody loves Bobby". Other designers associated with Dekeyser include Jean-Marie Massaud and Stephen Burks, the latter of whom appeared in a video with Dekeyser to promote the launch of his "Dala" collection for DEDON at the 2012 Milan Furniture Fair.
In 2010, less than a year after Dekeyser's return, DEDON opened a wholly owned US subsidiary, DEDON USA, followed soon after by the launch of DEDON's first US showroom, located in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan. A Los Angeles showroom was opened in early 2012. Due to DEDON's growing activities in the US, Dekeyser spends increasing time in New York City, although his main residence remains Hamburg, Germany.
Since Dekeyser's return, DEDON has also launched a boutique travel agency, DEDON TRAVEL, dedicated to outdoor-oriented travel and adventure. In spring of 2012, the company also opened DEDON ISLAND on the Philippine island of Siargao. The resort, billed as an 'Outdoor Living Lab,' is reported to be the first of numerous DEDON PLACES, high-end retreats with an emphasis on outdoor activity.
Philanthropy.
In 2009, Dekeyser co-founded the "Dekeyser&Friends" along with Florian Hoffmann. The Foundation is based in Geneva and aims "to inspire young people to follow their dreams and bring about change in the world". Since its inception, the foundation has brought young people aged 18 to 28 together for encounters with mentors, or 'friends', such as German Olympic double gold medalist skier Markus Wasmeier and Turkish traditional dance troupe leader Mustafa Erdoğan.
One initiative of the foundation was the Hamburg-based "D&F Academy", described as a "platform where knowledgeable and inspiring personalities can pass on their experience to young people from around the world in hands-on learning projects". The academy's inaugural program was led by British anthropologist and environmentalist Jane Goodall, its second program by the former German national team and Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann. In 2013 the D&F Academy underwent restructuring and now exists as The DO School, with Dekeyser acting as Chairman of the Board.
Other philanthropic activities of the "Dekeyser&Friends" Foundation include participation in a project to rehouse 50 families of scavengers from a Cebu city dumpsite to a new, purpose-built village in Compostela town in northern Cebu. The project includes training in skills such as weaving.
Personal life.
In September 2010, while on a business trip to the Philippines, Dekeyser received the news that Ann-Kathrin, his wife of more than 20 years, was in a coma back in Germany. She died before he could make it home. The story serves as the prologue of "Unverkäuflich ('Not For Sale')", Dekeyser's autobiography, published by Ankerherz Verlag in May 2012. Dekeyser credits family and old friends with helping him recover after an eight-month period he describes as a "hole that could not be deeper or blacker".

</doc>
<doc id="36757471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757471" title="Āśraddhya">
Āśraddhya

Āśraddhya (Sanskrit; Tibetan phonetic: "trel mepa") is a Buddhist term that is translated as "lack of faith", "lack of trust", etc. In the Mahayana tradition, "āśraddhya" is defined as a mental factor that is characterized by a lack of trust, and lack of interest in, or desire for, wholesome things. 
Āśraddhya is identified as:
Definitions.
The Abhidharma-samuccaya states: 
Mipham Rinpoche states:
Alexander Berzin explains:
External links.
Mahayana tradition:

</doc>
<doc id="36757472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757472" title="2011 Men's Australian Open (squash)">
2011 Men's Australian Open (squash)

The Men's Australian Open 2011 is the men' edition of the 2011 Australian Open, which is a tournament of the PSA World Series event (Prize money : 150 000 $). The event took place in Canberra in Australia from 8 to 14 August. Ramy Ashour won his first Australian Open trophy, beating Nick Matthew in the final.
Prize money and ranking points.
For 2011, the prize purse was $ 150,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36757474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757474" title="The Citadel Bulldogs football, 1980–89">
The Citadel Bulldogs football, 1980–89

The Citadel Bulldogs football teams represented The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in Charleston, South Carolina, United States. The program was established in 1905. Their primary rivals are Furman University and Virginia Military Institute (VMI). The games against VMI are known as the Military Classic of the South, in reference to the two schools being the only remaining all-military colleges in the South.
The 1980s saw some a return to success for the Bulldogs, with their first playoff appearance in 1988. The following year saw a successful start to the season, followed by a 2–5–1 finish after Hurricane Hugo struck Charleston, forcing the team to play two home games in Columbia, South Carolina.
__NOTOC__
1989.
The 1989 season was affected by Hurricane Hugo, which damaged Johnson Hagood Stadium as the eye of the storm passed over Charleston harbor before making its way inland. As a result, The Citadel played two "home" games at Williams–Brice Stadium, on the campus of the University of South Carolina in Columbia, South Carolina. The hurricane struck on September 22, 1989, and the Bulldogs did not play a game again in their home stadium until November 4, 1989.
References.
1. <br>
2. <br>
3. 

</doc>
<doc id="36757497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757497" title="Adair County Schools">
Adair County Schools

The Adair County Schools is a public school district in Adair County, Kentucky, United States, based in Columbia, Kentucky.
Schools.
The Adair County Schools School District has two elementary schools, one intermediate school, one middle school, and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36757498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757498" title="Edward Saeger House">
Edward Saeger House

Edward Saeger House is a historic home located at Saegertown, Crawford County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1845, and is a large, two-story squarish clapboard clad frame dwelling on a stone foundation in the Greek Revival style. The front facade features a pedimented gable with a distinctive lunette window and second story verandah. An addition was built about 1866.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. 

</doc>
<doc id="36757513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757513" title="Norman Aviation">
Norman Aviation

Norman Aviation is a Canadian aircraft manufacturer originally based in Lévis, Quebec and now in Saint-Anselme, Quebec. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of steel tube and wood ultralight aircraft on a custom basis.
The company was founded by and is currently owned by Jacques Norman, to produce his designs and those of other designers. All his aircraft utilize 4130 steel tube fuselage construction and wooden wings, with the whole aircraft covered in doped aircraft fabric.

</doc>
<doc id="36757531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757531" title="List of works by Alan Durst">
List of works by Alan Durst

List of works by Alan Durst contains the works of sculptor Alan Durst, much of which was created for churches, chapels and cathedrals. Durst created many statues and other works that were intended for schools and private individuals.
His work was often carved in ivory, wood or stone. He drew inspiration from African art.
Works.
Notable works.
Church of the Holy Cross, Woodchurch.
Durst executed the rood screen and an ivory processional Cross for the Church of the Holy Cross. The rood screen was carved in 1933. The west side of the rood beam, facing the nave, features carvings of the Seven Sacraments represented as the fruit of the vine, which grows downwards from the foot of the cross above. From right to left the Sacraments are Baptism, Confirmation, Absolution, Holy Communion, Holy Orders, Holy Matrimony and Holy Unction. The figures on the supporting columns are - St. Augustine of Canterbury, Elijah, St. Peter, St. Luke, Moses, and St Columba. On the east side of the screen the Christ of the Apocalypse features at the top and on the beam beneath a priest is shown at the altar elevating the Host as the central act of the Church's worship. These two themes were proposed by the Reverend Bryan Robin who was the rector of the church at the time. Durst's carving include those on the uprights supporting the Rood Screen. The church is located in Woodchurch Cheshire, an area of Birkenhead on the Wirral Peninsula, England.
Holy Trinity Church, Northwood.
Durst was responsible for carvings on the clergy and choir stalls for Holy Trinity Church in Northwood Middlesex. These were carved in 1957 from English oak and dedicated by The Bishop of London. The carvings express prayer, praise and harmony. The Vicar's stall on the right shows two angels kneeling in prayer at the step of an altar. Between them is a symbol of the Holy Trinity with the Cross set above the world, which is superimposed on three intersecting circles. The other clergy stall on the left symbolising praise shows two angels, each holding in one hand a crown and in the other a ribbon proclaiming: ""Holy, Holy, Holy"". The bench ends of the choir stalls express harmony. Firstly, those on the west end of the stalls represent from the left: trumpet, cymbal and pipe; and from the right, organ, lute and harp. On the east end of the benches on the left are lyre, lute and tabret; and on the right sackbut, cornet and psaltery. The photograph to the left shows one of Durst's carvings, this of a psalter.
Llandaff Cathedral.
Durst made a carved font for Llandaff Cathedral in Llandaff Wales from Derbyshire stone. It includes scenes from the Bible including Eve giving her account of the temptation before God, Isaiah, St John and the Virgin and Child and the Life of St Teilo. On the upper part of the font the inscription reads: "QUI CREDERIT ET BAPTIZERATUS EVERIT SALVUS ERIT" (He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved). Part of the carving features the "Tree of Knowledge" with an angel before it holding a flaming sword. Eve kneels beneath the tree holding a tangled scroll. The Serpent is coiled around the tree and strikes at her heel. "SERPENS DECEPIT ME" (the serpent beguileth me). Isaiah prophesies the coming of Christ "ECCE VIRGO CONCIP" (Behold a Virgin shall conceive). The Tree of Life is shown against which stands the Angel of the Annunciation. Mary kneels before the cradle-altar upon which lies the infant Christ. Durst carved Saint John's vision. "ET FOLIO LIGNI AD SALVATEM CENTIUM" (The leaves of the Tree shall be for the healing of the Nations). On the pedestal is the Welsh inscription "A DUW NID DA IMDURAW" (It is not good to strive against God) followed by references to St Teilo's life.
Manchester Cathedral.
Durst executed several works for Manchester Cathedral The first can be seen in an oak panel above the south porch of the Good Shepherd and another work on the exterior tower. He carved angels of the roof of the Cathedral holding between them a coat of arms of Queen Elizabeth and The Queen Mother.
Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Durst sculpted the masks of Comedy and of Tragedy above the entrance to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art, Bloomsbury, London
St Alphege Church, Solihull.
For St Alphege Church in Solihull Warwickshire, Durst carved figures on the church corbels in the chancel. They were installed in 1950/1951. See record DRB64/203 held at the Warwickshire County Record Office. One of the figures is shown below; an angel with chalice.
St Christopher's Church.
Durst carved a font in Alcaster stone for St Christopher's Church in Withington near Manchester.
Winchester Cathedral.
Durst carried out some carving on the memorial in Winchester Cathedral in Hampshire to Canon Bertram Kier Cunningham, this memorial completed in 1944. The carving was shown at the Royal Academy in 1942 before going to Winchester. It can be found in the east aisle in front of the tablet to Mary Pescod. The carving is a representation of "The Annunciation" and features the Angel Gabriel appearing before the Virgin Mary and greeting her with the words "Greetings, favoured one, the Lord is with you" - "Ave,gratia plena, Dominus tecum" or more simply "Ave Maria". Gabriel tells Mary that she would bear a son to be called Jesus. As is often the case Mary is shown reading a book on which would be written ""Ecce virgo concipiet et pariet filium"" ("Behold, the Virgin will conceive and will give birth to a son" - Isaiah 7:14). At the back of the work Durst carved several reliefs including a representation of the turning water into wine. As the whole piece is close to a wall Durst's reliefs are not seen to their best advantage and are difficult to photograph. Just behind Mary, Durst has carved a dove in which form the Holy Spirit was said to have descended on Mary. Mary replied to Gabriel with the words "Behold the handmaiden of the Lord, let it be to me according to your will" Luke 1:26-38. It is believed that the conception of Jesus took place at this moment and the "Festival of the Annunciation" is held on 25 March, exactly nine months before the birth of Jesus is celebrated. Durst was commissioned to carve birds on the terminals of the Winchester Cathedral Drip mouldings round the windows. The birds included woodpeckers, a thrush, robin, blackbird, wren, jackdaw, owl, seagull and a nesting swallow.

</doc>
<doc id="36757551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757551" title="Ahmed Akhchichine">
Ahmed Akhchichine

Ahmed Akhchichine ( – born 26 March 1954, Marrakech) is a Moroccan politician of the Authenticity and Modernity Party. Between 2007 and 2012, he held the position of Minister of Education in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi.
Between 2003 and 2012, he was the president of the "HACA" (Haute Autorité de la Communication Audiovisuelle) Morocco's radio and television highest regulating authority.
Although he belongs to the Authenticity and Modernity Party, he participated in the cabinet as an independent since his party, which formed in 2008, positioned itself in the opposition.

</doc>
<doc id="36757556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757556" title="2012–13 Békéscsaba 1912 Előre SE season">
2012–13 Békéscsaba 1912 Előre SE season

The 2012–13 season will be Békéscsaba's 5th consecutive season in the Nemzeti Bajnokság II and 100th year in existence as a football club.
Transfers.
Summer.
In:
Out:
Winter.
In:
Out:
Statistics.
Top scorers.
Includes all competitive matches. The list is sorted by shirt number when total goals are equal.
Disciplinary record.
Includes all competitive matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.

</doc>
<doc id="36757565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757565" title="San Pietro ad Aram, Naples">
San Pietro ad Aram, Naples

The Basilica of San Pietro ad Aram is a church in Naples, Italy.
It is said to host the altar upon which St Peter preached while in Naples, and here he baptized the first Neapolitan converts to Christianity, Saint Candida and Saint Aspreno, In the 16th century, this church was granted by popes the status of celebrating ceremonial Jubilees for the remission of sins. 
The church has a Latin-Cross plan. The present building owes its design to Pietro De Marino and Giovanni Mozzetta, and was built from 1650 to 1690. 
The adjacent cloister was destroyed and fragments can be seen in the sacellum or shrine of Sant'Aspreno in piazza Borsa. The portal derives from the Conservatory "dell'Arte della Lana", in vico Miroballo.The vestibule has frescoes attributed to Girolamo da Salerno. It has a baldacchino by Giovan Battista Nauclerio.
The first chapel on the right has a bas relief depicting the "Madonna delle Grazie" by Giovanni da Nola; and an altarpiece of the "Jubilee" (1594) by Wenzel Cobergher. The right transept has a "St Raphael" by Giacinto Diano, a "Baptism of Christ" by Massimo Stanzione, and a "Madonna with St Felice da Cantalice" by Andrea Vaccaro. The presbytery has two canvases by Luca Giordano: "St Peter and St Paul hug before Martyrdom" and a "Consigning of the Keys to St. Peter". The wooden choir (1661) was completed by Giovan Domenico Vinaccia.
In the remaining chapels are paintings by Sarnelli, Pacecco De Rosa, Giacinto Diano, Cesare Fracanzano, and Nicola Vaccaro.
A crypt with paleochristian art is located below the church.

</doc>
<doc id="36757568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757568" title="Folklore Museum of Afytos">
Folklore Museum of Afytos

The Folklore Museum of Afytos is located in the seaside village of Afytos on the Kassandra peninsula of Chalkidiki, Central Macedonia, Greece. 
The museum was established in the 1980s by Nikos Paralis and the local Folklore Association using artifacts donated by the villagers. The museum was housed in a traditional listed building dating to 1889 in the centre of the village, which was donated by the Aletras family. The folklore collection includes domestic utensils, agricultural implements (for ploughing, sowing, reaping, harvesting), and pottery, which is a craft with a long tradition here.
The folklore collection is accompanied by a collection of Karagiozis shadow-theatre puppets owned by the puppet-master Evgenios Spatharis.

</doc>
<doc id="36757580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757580" title="Charcoal Kilns (Eureka, Utah)">
Charcoal Kilns (Eureka, Utah)

The Charcoal Kilns near Eureka, Utah were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included two charcoal kilns that each are about six feet in diameter and four feet deep, built out of stone. They are believed to have been built or used to support the Wyoming Smelter in 1871.

</doc>
<doc id="36757585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757585" title="Pollera nera">
Pollera nera

Pollera nera is a red Italian wine grape variety that is grown primarily in the Liguria wine region and northwest Tuscany. Ampelographers believe that the vine has a very long winemaking history but it is rarely seen today. It is believed to have been descendent from the Chianti wine grape Mammolo and the Corsican wine grape Sciacarello which would make it a half-sibling of Colombana nera.
DOC wines.
Pollera nera is a permitted variety in the "Denominazione di origine controllata" (DOC) wines of Colli di Luni that spans across the border between Liguria and Tuscany. Here the red wines are primarily Sangiovese (60-70%) with Pollera nera, Canaiolo and Ciliegiolo collectively making up 15-40% of the blend and other local red varieties permitted up to a maximum of 25%. Grapes destined for the DOC wine must harvested to a yield no greater than 12 tonnes/hectare with the finished wine needing to attain a minimum alcohol level of at least 11.5%. A "riserva" bottling can also be produced with wines that attain at least 12.5% alcohol level and are aged a minimum of two years prior to release.
Synonyms.
Over the years Pollera nera has been known under a variety of synonyms including Corlaga, Corlage, Palera, Polera, Pollara nera and Pollora Nera.

</doc>
<doc id="36757586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757586" title="Calumet High School (Chicago)">
Calumet High School (Chicago)

Calumet High School was a public 4-year high school located in the Auburn Gresham neighborhood on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It was operated by Chicago Public Schools. Calumet closed after the 2005-2006 academic year due to poor performance and low-enrollment. As a part of the Chicago Public Schools Renaissance 2010 program, the Calumet High School building now is home to two charter schools: Perspectives Leadership Academy, which is located on the third floor, and Perspectives High School of Technology, which is located on the second floor.
Athletics.
Calumet competes in the Chicago Public League (CPL) and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). The school sport teams are nicknamed the warriors. The boys' basketball team were regional champions in 2012-13. 
In popular culture.
Calumet is mentioned in Kanye West's 2006 single "Drive Slow":
"My homie Mali used to stay, 79th and May"
"One of my best friends from back in the day"
"Down the street from Calumet, a school full of stones"
"He nicknamed me K-Rock so they'll leave me alone." 

</doc>
<doc id="36757612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757612" title="Amos Kelly House">
Amos Kelly House

Amos Kelly House is a historic home located at Cambridge Springs, Crawford County, Pennsylvania. It was built between 1873 and 1876, and is large two-story rectangular frame dwelling in the Italianate style. It measures approximately 95 feet by 60 feet. The front facade features a large front porch, overhanging eaves, and a square cupola.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. 

</doc>
<doc id="36757624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757624" title="The River Strumming">
The River Strumming

The River Strumming is the first album by Cumberland, Maryland band Cotton Jones, which was released on September 23, 2008. The album was handmade and limited to only 300 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36757632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757632" title="MSW Votec 252T">
MSW Votec 252T

The MSW Votec 252T is a single engine kitbuilt light-sport aircraft with side-by-side seating for two, designed and built in Switzerland and was first flown in 2009. By October 2011 only this first prototype has flown.
Design and development.
The Votec 252T is a side-by side seat development of MSW's earlier tandem seat Votec 322. The prototype, powered by a modified Lycoming IO-540-J3A5 flat-six engine, marries the wooden wings and empennage of the latter to a new, carbon fibre fuselage, though a carbon fibre wing is under development. All flying surfaces are straight tapered and square tipped, the wing low mounted and the tailplane located on the upper fuselage; the rudder extends down to the keel. The ailerons are balanced with external spades.
The Votec 252T has a cabin over the wing, with baggage space behind the seat, under a single piece canopy. It has a fixed tricycle undercarriage with fuselage mounted cantilever legs and with speed fairings on all wheels. The nosewheel casters; there is a small tailskid for rudder protection.
The first prototype flew on 26 June 2009. A second prototype with a 260 kW (350 hp) Lycoming AEIO-580 engine, redesignated the Votec 352T, is under development but had not flown by October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36757684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757684" title="LGBT in Russia">
LGBT in Russia

LGBT in Russia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36757695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757695" title="Lime Kilns (Eureka, Utah)">
Lime Kilns (Eureka, Utah)

The Lime Kilns located at the western end of Homansville Canyon near Eureka, Utah, were part of a lime quarry in the 1920s. The kilns were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979. The listing included one contributing site and two contributing structures: two lime kilns that are approximately in diameter and deep.

</doc>
<doc id="36757721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757721" title="North Peace Secondary School">
North Peace Secondary School

North Peace Secondary School (or "NPSS") is a high school located in Fort St. John, British Columbia, Canada. NPSS is operated by the North Peace School District and is the designated secondary school for the city's two middle schools. The school opened in its current facility in 1987 which underwent a significant expansion in 2002. Prior to the 2010-2011 school year NPSS operated grades 9-12. In recent years over one quarter of NPSS students were of Aboriginal descent and a significant number of students were employed at least 20 hours per week.
Academic programs.
In addition to standard core curriculum programs, the following are offered:
Energetic Learning Campus.
The "Energetic Learning Campus" (ELC) is a 200 student, 13,000 square foot branch campus of North Peace Secondary. It is located within the Pomeroy Sport Centre (PSC) located several blocks away from the NPSS main campus. The name is derived from the city's motto, "The Energetic City". The ELC came about in response to a demand for additional capacity at NPSS, itself a result of the provincial government's requirement to provide all-day Kindergarten classes. In 2010 the City offered to lease unfinished space in their newly completed community sports and recreation complex, the PSC, which prevented the need for acquisition of modular classrooms ("portables"). The cost for converting the unfinished space was $6 million. The ELC opened in 2011 with 160 students and the first school year was intended to be primarily grade 10 students with fewer grade 11 and 12 students. 
The PSC is a 3-story public facility with 2 NHL sized ice rinks, a concession, 12 dressing rooms, public meeting rooms, a retail juice outlet, an indoor Olympic-sized long track speed skating oval, and a 340 meter long walking track (the "Northern Vac Track"). All ice surfaces can be removed to provide event space in excess of 140,000 square feet. When the facility was opened it included over 20,000 square feet of unfinished space on the first floor. The city offered the use of it to the school district for an expansion of North Peace Secondary School. 
The ELC facility was designed to support a collaborative project-based learning curriculum related to a sports academy program, recreational facility maintenance, and kinesiology instruction using the PSC as an active learning environment. The ELC does not have traditional school classrooms, scheduled periods, or bells. Learning spaces are flexible and view directly out onto the hockey rinks. Student worktables and chairs are on casters. Students use the PSC facilities daily as part of their mandatory daily physical activity.

</doc>
<doc id="36757726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757726" title="Sewanee Writers' Conference">
Sewanee Writers' Conference

The Sewanee Writers' Conference is a writers' conference held every summer on the campus of the in Sewanee, Tennessee. The conference was founded in 1989 by director Wyatt Prunty and is funded largely by an endowment from the estate of acclaimed American playwright Tennessee Williams. The conference takes place over twelve days, during which participants attend writing workshops, readings, panel presentations, lectures on the craft of poetry, fiction, and playwriting, and numerous social gatherings.
Admission.
Admission to the conference is competitive and is decided through a formal application process. All applicants who are accepted to the conference have a portion of their expenses underwritten by the estate of Tennessee Williams.
Poets and fiction writers who have published at least one full-length book, whether through a legitimate small press or a major publishing house, are eligible to apply for a limited number of fellowships to cover all tuition, room, and board for the conference. Poets and fiction writers with a record of publication in periodicals are eligible to apply for scholarships (also limited in number) to cover conference tuition. Playwrights are also eligible for these awards if their work has seen production, either professional or amateur. Publication or production is not required for general admission to the conference.
Faculty and staff.
The faculty of the Sewanee Writers' Conference has included poets, fiction writers, and playwrights such as Daniel Anderson, Richard Bausch, John Casey, Tony Earley, Claudia Emerson, Daisy Foote, B.H. Fairchild, Debora Greger, Barry Hannah, Robert Hass, Beth Henley, Andrew Hudgins, Mark Jarman, Donald Justice, Randall Kenan, Margot Livesey, William Logan, Maurice Manning, Charles Martin, Jill McCorkle, Alice McDermott, Erin McGraw, Dan O'Brien, Mary Jo Salter, Christine Schutt, Dave Smith, A.E. Stallings, Mark Strand, Mona Van Duyn, Sidney Wade, Richard Wilbur, Steve Yarbrough, and many others.
Current and former conference staff members include director Wyatt Prunty as well as Caki WIlkinson, Megan Roberts, Adam Latham, Amy Arthur, Erica Dawson, Samuel Fox, Juliana Gray, Daniel Groves, Jonathan Bohr Heinen, Hastings Hensel, Carrie Jerrell, Jake Ricafrente, and Adam Vines.

</doc>
<doc id="36757750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757750" title="2010 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron 6A Championship">
2010 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron 6A Championship

The 2010 KHSAA Commonwealth Gridiron Bowl 6A Championship took place on December 4, 2010, in Bowling Green, KY at the Houchens Industries – L. T. Smith Stadium. 

</doc>
<doc id="36757765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757765" title="Helene Uri">
Helene Uri

Helene Uri (born 1964) is a Norwegian linguist, novelist and children's writer. Among her novels are "Dyp rød 315" from 2001 and "Honningtunger" from 2002. Her novel "De beste blant oss" from 2006, which deals with power struggles, intrigues and slander in academic circles, was well received by the critics.
She is a member of the Norwegian Academy for Language and Literature, board member of the Norwegian Language Council, and jury member of the Nordic Council's Literature Prize.
While writing her newest novel "Rydde ut", which is set in Finnmark county, it was revealed to Uri that her family is partial Sámi, a fact that had been hidden due to the Norwegianization policy.

</doc>
<doc id="36757786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757786" title="Historicorum Romanorum reliquiae">
Historicorum Romanorum reliquiae

The Historicorum Romanorum reliquiae is the "monumental" two-volume collection of scholarly editions of fragmentary Roman historical texts edited by Hermann Peter and published between 1870 and 1914. Peter published the Latin editions of these texts, without translation and with introductions in Latin; for the greatest part of the twentieth century, this was the standard edition of such texts. Peter considers the reign of Constantine the Great as marking the end of Roman historiography (with the exception of a sixth-century excerpt preserved in Jordanes); history after, he said, "went over to the Christians and the Greeks".
The first volume appeared in Leipzig, 1870, with a second edition (revised by Peter himself) appearing in Leipzig, 1914 (and reprinted Stuttgart, 1967); the second volume appeared in Leipzig, 1906. In 1993, a reprinted edition with additional bibliography appeared. In the middle of the twentieth century there were repeated calls (including by Felix Jacoby, editor of a similar collection of Greek fragments, "Fragmente der griechischen Historiker") for an updated, revised edition of the fragments, aided by a sea change in the field of historiography and a critique of Peter's outdated perspective. The collection was supplanted by Martine Chassignet's "L'Annalistique romaine", the third and final volume of which was published in 2004. Other editors who have taken up the project of publishing the important fragments of Roman literary tradition include Courtney ("Fragmentary Latin Poets") and Malcovati ("Oratorum Romanorum Fragmenta").
Hermann Peter was also an editor of the "Augustan History" and an editor of and expert on the "Origo gentis romanae". His monograph on Roman epistle writing, "Der Brief in der römischen Litteratur" (Leipzig, 1901), is considered a classic in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="36757806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757806" title="Roueche House">
Roueche House

Roueche House is a historic home located at Meadville, Crawford County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1899, and is a 2 1/2-story, irregular frame dwelling in the Queen Anne style. It is clad in brick, clapboard, fishscale shingles, and pebble-dash panels. It facade features a large curved brick chimney, multi-gabled and hipped roofs, balconies and round projecting porch, and a three-story hexagonal tower.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. 

</doc>
<doc id="36757828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757828" title="Queen Mary College, Lahore">
Queen Mary College, Lahore

Queen Mary College (abbreviated as QMC), is a private fee-paying academic institution for girls located at Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan. It was established on December 10, 1908 as Victoria May Girls High School and later renamed in honor of the Queen Consort of King George V in 1911. Queen Mary College provides preschool, primary, secondary, undergraduate as well as postgraduate education and preparation for international GCE O' Level examination.

</doc>
<doc id="36757845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757845" title="Anthony Frewin">
Anthony Frewin

Anthony Edward Frewin (born 1947, Kentish Town, London) is a writer and was a personal assistant to the director Stanley Kubrick for 20 years, from September 1965 to 1968 and from 1979 through 1999, and now represents the Kubrick estate. His novel, "London Blues" has been described as "masterful".
Personal.
Anthony Edward Frewin and his brother Mark David Frewin, are the sons of Edward Albert Frewin (b. 1921) and Ruby Jean Weeks (b. 1924 m. 1944). Frewin's ex-partner is Charlene Page, and they have a son, Nick Frewin (b. 1971).

</doc>
<doc id="36757867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757867" title="Judge Henry Shippen House">
Judge Henry Shippen House

Judge Henry Shippen House, also known as the Red Cross Building, is a historic home located at Meadville, Crawford County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1838 and remodeled and expanded in 1875. It is a 2 1/2-story, brick dwelling with a mansard roof in the Second Empire style. It is three bays by six bays, and was originally in the Federal style.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. 

</doc>
<doc id="36757875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757875" title="Colli di Luni">
Colli di Luni

Colli di Luni is an Italian "Denominazione di origine controllata" (DOC) located in both Liguria and Tuscany in northwest Italy. The DOC produces both reds and white wines made primarily from Sangiovese and Vermentino with a varietal Vermentino also being produced in the DOC.
Wine experts Joe Bastianich and David Lynch have described well made example of the reds of Colli di Luni as similar to "small scale Chiantis".
DOC rules.
Grapes destined for any DOC wine in Colli di Luni must harvested to a yield no greater than 12 tonnes/hectare. The red wines must contain between 60-70% Sangiovese with Pollera nera, Canaiolo and Ciliegiolo collectively making up 15-40% of the blend and other local red varieties, such as Barsaglina, Bracciola nera, Colombana nera and Vermentino nero permitted up to a maximum of 25% with the finished wine needing to attain a minimum alcohol level of at least 11.5%. A "riserva" bottling can also be produced with wines that attain at least 12.5% alcohol level and are aged a minimum of two years prior to release.
The white blends must contain at least 35% Vermentino and often contain much more along with 25-40% Trebbiano and no more than 30% of other local white grape varieties. The wines must attain a minimum alcohol level of at least 11%. A separate varietal Vermentino is also permitted to be produced provided that grape accounts for at least 90% of the wine.

</doc>
<doc id="36757880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757880" title="Harald Beyer (politician)">
Harald Beyer (politician)

Harald Ricardo Beyer Burgos (born April 2, 1964) is a Chilean economist and politician. He was the Minister of Education of Chile from December 29, 2011 to April 17, 2013 when he was impeached because of his failure to address for-profit activity in universities (which is illegal).

</doc>
<doc id="36757895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757895" title="The Ward Brothers">
The Ward Brothers

The Ward Brothers was a British rock-pop band, who scored a top 40 hit in the UK with their 1986 single "Cross that Bridge". The band have released two albums in total.
History.
The Ward Brothers formed in Barnsley, England in 1986, where the band consisted of three members; vocalist and drummer Dave Ward, keyboardist Derek Ward and guitarist Graham Ward.
The band signed to Siren Records and released the album "Madness of It All" in 1986, produced by Mike Howlett and engineered by Steve Power, whilst Don Was and Frank Fillipetti produced the title track, and Was solely produced "Cross that Bridge". It was released via Siren Records in the UK, Edisom in Portugal, Virgin/Siren Records in Europe, A&M Records in America and Virgin Music Canada in Canada. The album was not successful and failed to make any national chartings.
The album spawned four singles in total. "Easy Prey" was released in the UK and Europe (via Virgin Records), failing to make an impact. "Cross that Bridge" was the second single, released in the UK, Europe (via Virgin Records) and America (via A&M Records). The single broke the band into the top 40 when the single peaked at #32 in the UK during early 1987 for a total of 10 weeks. It also peaked at #32 in the Netherlands for a total of 8 weeks. The third single "Why Do You Run?" was released in the UK and Europe, but failed to capture the same success, where it only managed to peak at #81 in the UK for a total of 2 weeks. A failed fourth single "I Trusted You" was released in 1987, along with a remix of the song on a 12" vinyl promo in the UK only.
After the failure of the "Why Do You Run?" and "I Trusted You" singles and the band's debut album, the band soon split up. In 1988, the band's album's title track "Madness of It All" appeared in the episode "Love at First Sight" of the series Miami Vice. The song had also appeared in the 1986 film "The American Way", whilst "Why Do You Run?" appeared in the 1987 film "Stakeout". In 1987, "Cross that Bridge" appeared on the UK edition of "Now That's What I Call Music 9".
Almost a decade later, the band re-emerged in 1996 with a new album "Wave Goodbye to Grandma" which was released via Prestige Records in the UK only. The lead and only single "Friends" was released in the UK and the Netherlands. Both the album and single were commercial failures and received limited attention. This is the band's final release to date.

</doc>
<doc id="36757902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757902" title="Fossoli di Carpi">
Fossoli di Carpi

Campo di Fossoli was a deportation camp in Italy during World War II. It began as a prisoner of war camp, later being a Jewish concentration camp, then a police and transit camp, and finally a labour collection centre for Germany. 2844 Jews passed through this camp, 2802 having been then deported.
History.
May 1942 - 8 September 1943: Prisoner of War camp (PG 73).
Established by the Royal Italian Army for the British, South African and New Zealand military personnel captured in military operations in North Africa.
5 December 1943 - 15 March 1944: Jewish concentration camp for the Italian Social Republic.
In accordance with the dictates of the Charter of Verona and the Order of Police n. 5, the camp started the internment of Jews. Since January 1944 political opponents of the fascist government also began to be interned. During this period it was that the first two trains left for Auschwitz (on 19 and 22 February 1944). The second convoy left with 650 other prisoners (which Primo Levi recalls in the first pages of the famous book If This is a Man).

</doc>
<doc id="36757926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757926" title="Tom Thomson (judoka)">
Tom Thomson (judoka)

Tom Thomson (born 7 May 1947) is a judoka, coach, and head instructor at the Brantford Judo Club in Brantford, Ontario, who has been the head coach of the Canadian Paralympic Judo team since the 2000 Paralympic Games in Sydney. In 2006 Thomson won the Petro-Canada Coaching Excellence Award for his work in the promotion and development of Visually Impaired Judo in Canada, and in 2010 he was recognized with a Special Contribution award at an Elite Coaching Symposium for Ontario in Toronto. 
Thomson, who has been practising Judo for 34 years, established the Brantford Judo Club in 1984 and remained a competitor himself until 1992, when he shifted his focus to coaching. The fact that the W. Ross Macdonald School for the Blind is located in Brantford has provided him with the opportunity to work with many visually impaired students. 

</doc>
<doc id="36757935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757935" title="Michele Clark Magnet High School">
Michele Clark Magnet High School

Michele Clark Academic Prep Magnet High School (commonly known as Clark Prep, Clark Academic Prep) is a public 4-year magnet high school and middle school located in the Austin neighborhood on the far west side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. The school is named for Chicago based journalist Michele Clark. The school opened as Austin Middle School in 1972.
Athletics.
Clark competes in the Chicago Public League (CPL) and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). The girls' basketball team were regional champions in 2004-05.

</doc>
<doc id="36757936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757936" title="Winnipeg Monarchs (MJHL)">
Winnipeg Monarchs (MJHL)

The Winnipeg Monarchs were a Canadian junior ice hockey team that competed in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League from 1930 to 1978.
History.
The Winnipeg Monarchs junior team was founded in 1930. From 1930 to 1936, they co-existed with the Winnipeg Monarchs senior hockey team. The junior Monarchs won the Memorial Cup as Canadian Junior Hockey Champions three times, in 1935, 1937 and 1946. In 1946, George Robertson scored the winning goal in the seventh game of the 1946 Memorial Cup Final before a sell out crowd at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto, Ontario. The Monarchs were also finalists in 1932, losing to Sudbury Wolves in the final, and 1951, losing to the Barrie Flyers.
In addition the three Memorial Cup titles, the team won ten Turnbull Cups as Manitoba Junior Hockey League champions and five Abbott Cups as Western Canadian junior hockey champions. The Monarchs are inducted into the Manitoba Hockey Hall of Fame in the team category four times (1932, 1937, 1946, 1951).
In 1975, the club changed their name to Assiniboine Park Monarchs for two seasons and then returned to the Winnipeg Monarchs name for one season. On May 18, 1978, a group of Winnipeg businessmen purchased the Monarchs and relocated the team to Fort Garry and renamed them the Fort Garry Blues. Today the club is known as the Winnipeg Blues.
Championships.
The 1932 Winnipeg Monarchs won the 1932 Abbott Cup, defeating the Saskatoon Wesleys. They went on to lose the Memorial Cup to the Sudbury Cub Wolves at Shea's Amphitheater in Winnipeg. The roster was: Tony Lemay, Victor Lindquist, Romeo Rivers, Cam Shewan, Art Rice-Jones, Roy Hinkle, Norm Yellowlees, Archie Creighton, Albert Lemay, and Joe Rivers.
The 1935 Winnipeg Monarchs won their 1st Memorial Cup, in a best-of-three series held at Shea's Amphitheatre in Winnipeg, defeating Sudbury 2 games to 1.
The 1937 Winnipeg Monarchs were a small speedy team that surprised many on their way to the Abbott and Memorial Cup championships. Team Roster: Harry Neil (Coach), Bill Webber (Manager), Bert Pelletier (Trainer), Jack Atchison, Harvey Field, Dick Kowcinak, Lucien Martel, John McCreedy, Alf Pike, Paul Rheault, Denny Robinson, Ted Dent, Jack Fox, Pete Langelle, Remi Van Dale, Ami Clement, Zeke Farley, Bobby Summers (StickBoy).
The 1946 Winnipeg Monarchs defeated the Edmonton Canadians to capture the Abbott Cup. They went on to beat the Toronto St. Michael's Majors 4-2 in the seventh and deciding game of the Memorial Cup. Roster: Jack Gibson, Tom Rockey, Laurie May, Al Buchanan (Captain), George Robertson, Harry Taylor, Don "Red" McRae, Clint Albright, Gord Fashoway, Eddie Marchant, Tom "Tank" Kummerfield, Hy Beatty, Cam Miller, Bill Tindall, Dunc Daniels, Gord Scott, Ted Chitty, Walter Monson (Coach), Pat Lyon (GM), Floyd Howe (President), Ed Haverstock (Trainer), Bill Windatt (Equipment Manager).
The 1951 Winnipeg Monarchs won the Abbott Cup by defeating the Regina Pats. They went on to lose the Memorial Cup to the Barrie Flyers.
Season-by-season record.
"Note: GP = Games Played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against"

</doc>
<doc id="36757952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757952" title="Fabrice Olinga">
Fabrice Olinga

Fabrice Olinga Essono (born 12 May 1996), known as Olinga, is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for S.V. Zulte Waregem on loan from Málaga CF, as a forward.
Early years.
Born in Douala, Olinga started learning football in the "Samuel Eto'o Foundation" in Cameroon. In 2009 he arrived in Spain, joining the youth ranks of RCD Mallorca.
Two years later, Olinga was spotted by Málaga CF's academy director, Manuel Casanova, who invited him to join the club. He played a crucial part in the Andalusians' side that reached the final of Copa del Rey Juvenil de Fútbol in 2012; however, he himself missed the decisive game against RCD Espanyol (0−1 loss) due to suspension.
Club career.
Málaga.
At the age of only 16, Olinga was called up by first-team manager Manuel Pellegrini for the 2012–13 opener, away against Celta de Vigo: he came on as a 60th-minute substitute for Sebastián Fernández, and went on to score the game's only goal, becoming La Liga's youngest ever goalscorer at 16 years and 98 days, beating the previous record holder Iker Muniain by 191 days.
Four days later Olinga started again, appearing in a 2–0 win over Panathinaikos FC for the season's UEFA Champions League, and playing 70 minutes. On 20 January 2014 he joined S.V. Zulte Waregem on a 1/2-year loan, with the Belgian Pro League club having the option to make the move permanently afterwards.
International career.
On 2 October 2012, Olinga was called by the Cameroonian national team for a 2013 Africa Cup of Nations qualification match against Cape Verde, and he scored on his debut on the 12th (2–1 win). He was selected by coach Volker Finke for his 2014 FIFA World Cup squad at the age of 18, but remained an unused member as the tournament ended in group stage exit.
Nickname.
His nickname, in Spanish, literally translates to 'Happy Feet', both for his quick footballing feet and also for his fondness for dancing.

</doc>
<doc id="36757961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757961" title="Titusville City Hall">
Titusville City Hall

Titusville City Hall is a historic city hall located at Titusville, Crawford County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1865 as a private dwelling and later operated as a hotel known as the Bush House. It is a 2 1/2-story, frame building in the Greek Revival style. The front facade features a portico with four Ionic order columns supporting a pediment and entabulature. Two wings were added between 1865 and 1872, at which time it became the city hall.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. It is located in the Titusville Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="36757990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757990" title="Delbert and Ora Chipman House">
Delbert and Ora Chipman House

The Delbert and Ora Chipman House on E. Main St. in American Fork, Utah was built c.1870s but was extensively renovated and enlarged during approximately 1930-1934. The renovation and expansion added Tudor Revival or English Cottage architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995. The listing included two contributing buildings: the house and a c.1920s sheep barn which has a clerestory roof.

</doc>
<doc id="36757998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36757998" title="Japan–Mongolia relations">
Japan–Mongolia relations

Relations between Mongolia and Japan began in the 13th century, but the two countries had no formal, diplomatic interactions until the late 20th century.
Mongol invasions.
The attempts by the Mongol Empire to invade the Japanese Archipelago began after the Goryeo Dynasty (now Korea) formed an alliance with Kublai Khan of the Mongols.
Kublai sent several emissaries, in 1268, demanding that the "king" of Japan submit to the Empire, under its mandate from Eternal Heaven. These emissaries were either ignored or rebuffed by Japan, and as a consequence in October 1274 Kublai sent an invasion fleet across Tsushima Strait to Tsushima Island, comprising over 900 ships and 20,000 soldiers. This, the first invasion, overran Tsushima and Iki. From there they sailed to Hakata Bay, which resulted in the Battle of Bun'ei, where what the Japanese were later to call a kamikaze ("divine wind") wrecked the invading forces in their ships.
The second attempted invasion came after more envoys had been sent in 1275 and 1279. At that time, the Japanese beheaded them rather than simply refusing them. As a consequence, Kublai dispatched another invasion fleet, consisting the Song fleet, which the Empire captured in 1275, and a further 1,000 ships supplied by Goreyo. The latter arrived in Japan in May 1281 before the Song fleet, and attacked Hakata without waiting for the Song ships, and also without success. Thus began the Battle of Kōan. The Song fleet arrived later, and also attacked Hakata, but were unable to overcome Japanese forces. Eventually, on the 15th of August, another kamikaze wrecked the invading forces in their ships.
20th Century.
Before World War II.
After the collapse of the Qing Dynasty that had ruled Mongolia for some centuries and the Outer Mongolian revolution of 1911 (For more of the history, see History of Mongolia.) and after the rise of Japan to world power status in the early 20th century, the Mongolian government of Bogd Khan sent emissaries requesting formal diplomatic recognition to various world powers, including the Internal Affairs Minister, Tögs-Ochiryn Tserenchimed, who was sent to Japan in 1913.
Since World War II.
After World War II, diplomatic relations between Japan and Mongolia did not resume until 1972. They remained uncooperative until the 1990 Democratic Revolution in Mongolia, whereupon Sousuke Uno's visit in April 1989 and Toshiki Kaifu's visit to Mongolia in August 1991, following the visit by Dumaagiin Sodnom to Japan in March 1990, became the first visits to Mongolia by a non-Eastern Bloc minister and prime minister, respectively.
More recently Japan and Mongolia have been seeking relationship improvements. In 2008 Japan Bank for International Cooperation financed a () loan for the government of Mongolia to build a new international airport in Töv Province to service Ulan Bator (currently serviced by Chinggis Khaan International Airport. Construction began in 2012 with completion scheduled for 2015. The new airport will be from the capital and is designed to handle 1.65 million passengers annually.

</doc>
<doc id="36758002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758002" title="Colline di Levanto DOC">
Colline di Levanto DOC

Colline di Levanto is an Italian "Denominazione di origine controllata" (DOC) located in Liguria that produces both red and white wines primarily from Sangiovese and Vermentino, respectively. Located next to the notable white wine only DOC of Cinque Terre, the Colline di Levanto has very similar vineyard soils and mesoclimate to its neighboring wine region.
DOC rules.
Any grapes destined for DOC wine production in Colline di Levanto must be harvested to a yield no greater than 11 tonnes/hectare with the finished wines needing to attain a minimum alcohol level of at least 11%. The red wines of the DOC are composed of at least 40% Sangiovese with Ciliegiolo permitted up to a maximum of 20% and other local red varieties collectively permitted up to 40%. The white wines are composed of 40-75% Vermentino with 20-55% Albarola, 5-40% Bosco and up to 5% of other local white grape varieties.

</doc>
<doc id="36758008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758008" title="British Bryological Society">
British Bryological Society

The British Bryological Society is an academic society which encourages the study of bryophytes – mosses and liverworts. It publishes the peer-reviewed "Journal of Bryology".

</doc>
<doc id="36758009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758009" title="Paddy Maguire">
Paddy Maguire

Paddy Maguire may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36758015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758015" title="Isabelle Glacier">
Isabelle Glacier

Isabelle Glacier is an alpine glacier located southwest of Shoshoni Peak, in Roosevelt National Forest in the US state of Colorado. The glacier is immediately east of the Continental Divide on the opposite side of the divide from Fair Glacier. Isabelle Glacier is the source of the South Saint Vrain Creek and can be reach by trail and is a round-trip hike from the trailhead.

</doc>
<doc id="36758024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758024" title="Castle Street, Oxford">
Castle Street, Oxford

Castle Street is a street in Oxford, England. It is named after Oxford Castle which is close by to the west and is located in the St Ebbe's area of southwest central Oxford.
"Castell Streate" can be found on a map of 1578 by Ralph Agas. In 1885, Castle Terrace was built by F. J. Codd in the adjoining Paradise Street. This became Simon House, run by the Cyreneans.
To the north there is a junction with New Road and Queen Street. The Westgate Shopping Centre is to east at the northern end of the street.

</doc>
<doc id="36758028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758028" title="Abdessadek Rabiaa">
Abdessadek Rabiaa

Abdessadek Rabiaa or Rabii ( – born 5 February 1945, Marrakech) was a Moroccan politician and civil servant. Since 1993 he has been Secretary General of the Government, a position he held until his death in 12 August 2008. He held a degree in law from the Université de Bordeaux and practiced as a lawyer for some time in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="36758039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758039" title="Edgar Machuca">
Edgar Machuca

Edgar Machuca (born 29 April 1989) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Juventud de Las Piedras in the Uruguayan Primera División.
On 19 May 2012, he made his debut for Plaza Colonia playing against Central Español in a 2-4 home loss.

</doc>
<doc id="36758054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758054" title="Castle Terrace">
Castle Terrace

Castle Terrace may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36758056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758056" title="Congregation of diocesan right">
Congregation of diocesan right

A Congregation of diocesan right (or Institute of diocesan right) is a type of religious congregation codified by the laws of the Catholic church, wherein the congregation is under the authority of a particular local bishop, rather than that of the pope. A congregation responsible directly to the pope is a congregation of pontifical right. Most of the major religious orders are congregations of pontifical right.
The major types of religious associations recognized by canon law are:
1. Public Association of the Faithful
2. Institutes of Consecrated Life

</doc>
<doc id="36758058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758058" title="Pavel Zhuravlev">
Pavel Zhuravlev

Pavel Zhuravlev may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36758061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758061" title="Salmon Falls Dam">
Salmon Falls Dam

Salmon Falls Dam is a dam constructed across Salmon Falls Creek in Twin Falls County, Idaho in the United States. Located about south of Buhl, the masonry arch-gravity dam is high and long, impounding up to of water in Salmon Falls Creek Reservoir. When full, the reservoir extends for upstream, encompassing . The dam and reservoir control runoff from a drainage basin of .
The dam was built in 1910 to provide irrigation water storage, and is owned and operated by the Salmon River Canal Company. A secondary purpose is flood control: the dam has never spilled floodwaters with the exception of the heavy snowmelt of 1984. Salmon Falls Creek Reservoir is also a popular recreational lake, and is considered one of the best fisheries in southern Idaho.

</doc>
<doc id="36758069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758069" title="Milan Cokić">
Milan Cokić

Milan Čokić (born 15 August 1991 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football player who currently plays for BFC Siófok.

</doc>
<doc id="36758078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758078" title="Pedro Lima">
Pedro Lima

Pedro Lima may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36758080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758080" title="Dr. J. R. Mosier Office">
Dr. J. R. Mosier Office

Dr. J. R. Mosier Office is a historic medical office located at Meadville, Crawford County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1890, and is a small, clapboard clad frame building. It features a false front in front of a gable roof. The interior consists of three rooms furnished as they were in 1938; a waiting room, examination room, and pharmacy. The building was moved to the Baldwin-Reynolds House property in 1975 from its original location in the village of Littles Corners about 7 miles northwest of Meadville. The office is maintained as a medical museum by the Crawford County Historical Society.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976. 

</doc>
<doc id="36758082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758082" title="Los (rapper)">
Los (rapper)

Carlos Coleman (born March 23, 1982) is an American rapper, better known by his stage name Los or King Los. Los has released various mixtapes during his career including the "The Crown Ain't Safe" and "Becoming King" to positive critical reception. He originally signed to Bad Boy Records during the 2005 in conjunction with his Bloc Incorporated record deal. After his deal fell through when Bloc folded, he returned to releasing music independently. Los signed to Diddy's Bad Boy Records again in February 2012, which is now distributed by Interscope Records. However, on March 19, 2014, he would announce that he was again leaving Bad Boy and Interscope.
Musical career.
1999-2010: Beginnings and building buzz.
As a 16-year-old high school student, Los, began writing poetry and literature to deal with the pain of losing his father to murder. At 18 he started rapping, when he would participate in the local Baltimore battle rap scene. Right out of high school in 2002, Los auditioned for Diddy's "Making the Band 2", but after being selected to appear on the show, he refused to sign any of the paperwork required, so he was unable to appear on it. As fate would have it, Los would end up signed to Bad Boy Records in 2005, through Bloc Incorporated a local Baltimore record label. His signing to Bad Boy came after he auditioned for Diddy with a 10-minute freestyle. However, Bloc Incorporated eventually disbanded due to a legal issue and Los lost his deal in 2008, before he was able to release an album.
Once he returned independent in 2008, Los released a number of mixtapes and online freestyles in the following years to build his buzz. His first and second would be "Guilty Until Proven Innocent" and "G5: Certified Fly", both released in 2008. He followed that with "G5.2" in May 2009. His third mixtape "Zero Gravity" was released during April 2010. Then, the mixtape was "Welcome To Swaggsville" was released on August 5, 2010. His sixth mixtape "Shooter" was released on November 8, 2010. It featured collaborations with Rick Ross and his After Platinum label-mate Cory Gunz. On December 26, 2010, Los released his seventh mixtape "The Louis Vuitton Gift Pack". The mixtape was primarily composed of freestyles and featured a collaboration with Chris Brown.
2011-2012: "The Crown Ain't Safe" and re-signing to Bad Boy.
On July 18, 2011, Los released a mixtape titled "Worth the Wait", mostly made of tracks cut from his upcoming mixtape "The Crown Ain't Safe". On December 5, 2011, Los released "The Crown Ain't Safe". The mixtape featured guest appearances by Lola Monroe, Jazze Pha, DMX, Kid Ink, Twista and XV. Along with production by Jahlil Beats, Lifted, J. Oliver and Rick Steel, among others. It was met with positive critical reception upon release. Following the release of "The Crown Ain't Safe", there was something of a bidding war to sign Los by multiple labels. He was then nominated for "XXL"s 2012 Freshman 10 list. On February 6, 2012, Diddy announced to MTV that his newest signee to Bad Boy Records was Los. Right after the announcement he begun working on his debut mixtape for Bad Boy.
2013-present: "Becoming King" and departure from Bad Boy.
On March 15, 2013, Los announced the release date for "Becoming King" as April 25, 2013. It would be his first project released since his return to Bad Boy Records. As promised, the mixtape "Becoming King" was released on April 25, 2013. The mixtape featured all-original music and guest appearances from Diddy, Fantasia, Juicy J, Ludacris, Pusha T, Raheem DeVaughn, Tank, Twista, Wiz Khalifa and Yo Gotti, among others. Production was handled by 1500 or Nothin', Harry Fraud, J. Oliver, Rob Holladay and Sonny Digital, among others. "Becoming King" was met with generally positive reviews from music critics. "XXL" gave the mixtape a positive review saying, "There are heartfelt tales touching on his family, love for music and the trials and tribulations of life. As usual, Los’ strongest asset is an ability to deliver vivid imagery through lyrics and a captivating flow[...] Lyrically, Los is as sharp as ever, and the mixtape is a continuation of the verbal assaults he’s known for."
He was featured on labelmate French Montana's song "Ocho Cinco" also featuring labelmates Diddy, Red Cafe and MGK taken from the deluxe edition of Montana's album "Excuse My French". On August 13, 2013, Los released a freestyle over the controversial "Control" song. Kendrick Lamar would shortly after praise Los' response as the best one released. He was then featured on "No Option" by Kid Ink, a promotional single from Ink's second studio album "My Own Lane". On December 28, 2013, Los released "Broken Silence" a collaboration mixtape with rapper Mark Battles. The mixtape featured guest appearances from Wale, Dizzy Wright, CyHi the Prynce, Chevy Woods and Ab-Soul, among others.
Surprisingly, following the announcement of the mixtape "Zero Gravity II", on March 19, 2014, Los revealed that he was leaving Bad Boy Records and Interscope. He later elaborated on the story to MTV saying, "Forever in the Bad Boy family, just I've chose to explore other endeavors just like my mentor; just like Puff." He then told "XXL" that it was more of a situation with Interscope than Bad Boy, as Interscope was not giving him any attention or push, and Los had choose to rather be independent again. On March 24, 2014, Los released his twelfth official mixtape "Zero Gravity II". Following that, from April 1 to May 31, 2014, Los will tour with collaborator Kid Ink as supporting act on the My Own Lane concert tour.
Personal life.
On December 25, 2012, Los' girlfriend, rapper Lola Monroe announced that she and Los were expecting their first child together. She then gave birth to a baby boy named Brixton Royal Coleman on March 12, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36758083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758083" title="Y Sagittarii">
Y Sagittarii

Y Sagittarii is a variable star in the constellation of Sagittarius . It is a Cepheid variable in apparent magnitude +5.77. This star is the third brightest in this constellation after X Sagittarii and W Sagittarii . The measure of its parallax by Hubble Space Telescope puts Y Sagittarii to 1293 light years away from the Solar System .
Properties.
The brightness ranges in Y Sagittarii's apparent magnitude varies from +5.25 and +6.24 in a period of 5.7736 days. The spectral type of this star is F8II, while the effective temperature is 5370 K. It has a radius 50 times larger than the Sun, its projected rotational velocity of 16 km / s and has an estimated mass six times that of the Sun . The star's metal content is similar to Sun, with an index of metallicity / H = +0.05. For other metals tested, shows some overabundance of copper, zinc, yttrium and sodium, the level of the elements is almost double that of the Sun (/ H = +0.27).
Binary System.
There is evidence that Y Sagittarii may be a spectroscopic binary. Has been suggested orbital period for the system in the order of 10,000 to 12,000 days. However, subsequent studies assume eccentricity zero for orbit, and they have failed to find the convincing orbital solution.

</doc>
<doc id="36758088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758088" title="Diego de Arana">
Diego de Arana

Diego de Arana (Cordoba, Spain, 1468 - Haiti, 1493) was governor of the first documented Spanish settlement in the New World, at La Navidad. He was a sailor of Castile who accompanied Christopher Columbus on his first voyage of discovery to America, where he was killed by natives.
Biography.
Diego de Arana is described as a native of Córdoba in the journal of Columbus. "The History of the Admiral" by Ferdinand Columbus says that Diego was the son of Rodrigo de Arana. He is a cousin of Beatriz Enriquez de Arana, who was the mistress of Christopher Columbus.
Early life.
In early 1486, Columbus was living in the court of the Spanish monarchs, King Ferdinand V and Queen Isabella I in Seville, Spain. Columbus was there because he was trying to convince them to finance his "Enterprise of the Indies" which was a far reaching expedition to reach the east by going west. Columbus had knowledge of the Canaries Current and was hoping he could reach the Indias by taking advantage of this ocean phenomenon. They were interested in Columbus's idea but couldn't give it their full attention while the war in Granada was going on against the Moors. Meanwhile Columbus was given subsistence and allowed to stay at the monarchs' castle in Cordoba since they thought he might have a good idea that would provide future riches and spread Christianity. While waiting for a decision on his enterprise and another meeting with the Spanish monarchs, Columbus had time on his hands and would patronize a local apothecary shop that was operated by people from Genoa, Italy. Columbus supposedly was from that area in Italy and felt comfortable associating with doctors, physicians, surgeons, astronomers, scientists and others that also patronized the Genoese pharmacy. At the pharmacy he became a friend of a young Basque man named Diego de Arana.
Diego had two orphaned cousins under the family's household, Beatriz Enríquez de Arana and her brother Pedro Enríquez de Arana. Their family was originally from Arana as was Diego's, a valley of Álava, Spain. Diego introduced Beatriz, a 20 (or 21) year old woman of Basque origin, to Columbus in 1487. At the time Columbus was thirty-five. They became lovers and in August 1488 they had a son named Ferdinand Columbus (aka Hernando Colon). They never married. Diego's family, who adopted Beatriz, had a prosperous wine business. They may have helped Columbus with money for his expeditions.
Voyage with Columbus.
When Columbus left for his first voyage to the New World, he took Diego with him on the Santa Maria as the master-at-arms. The Santa Maria ran aground off the present-day site of Cap-Haïtien, Haiti on December 25, 1492, and was lost. Realizing that the ship was beyond repair, Columbus ordered his men to strip the timbers from the ship. The timbers from the ship were later used to build Môle Saint-Nicolas, which was originally called "La Navidad" (Christmas) because the wreck occurred on Christmas Day.
Following the sinking of the Santa Maria and the temporary loss of the Pinta, Columbus, who longed to return to Spain to announce his discoveries, chose to leave behind 36 men who did not fit in the Nina for the return trip. Along with Diego de Arana were his lieutenants: Gutierrez, baker of the king's bench, Ferdinand Segovia, and Rodrigo de Escobedo, notary. For the defense of those men, the expedition built a fort, La Navidad, with the help of native Taino and timbers from the "Santa Maria". He appointed Diego de Arana as governor of the settlement. Columbus received permission from Guacanagaríx, the chief or cacique of the nearest tribe, to settle there.
On Friday, January 4, 1493, Columbus set sail in the "Niña" in search of the third ship in the fleet, the "Pinta". The "Pinta" was commanded by Martín Alonzo Pinzón and had been absent for six weeks. On the night of November 21, the caravel "Pinta" had vanished into the darkness off the coast of Cuba, and in his journal Columbus accused Pinzón of deliberately having separated the "Pinta" from the other ships in order to beat the admiral to the rich sources of gold which Columbus imagined were in the immediate area. On Sunday morning, January 6, 1493, the missing "Pinta" was spotted approaching from the east, and after a heated argument between the two men, the fleet returned to gather people and supplies for a return voyage.
Death.
When Columbus came back from Spain during his second voyage, on November 27, 1493, he expected to see a bustling village. When he landed, however, he saw eleven corpses of his men on the beach and discovered that La Navidad had been destroyed. He was told by nearby Taínos that the settlers had mistreated the natives, who retaliated by killing all of them. Other sources say there was insubordination within the colonists, which led to their deaths, including the death of Diego de Arana.
Portrayals.
Diego de Arana was played by Derek Bond in the 1949 film, "Christopher Columbus".

</doc>
<doc id="36758102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758102" title="John Hope College Prep">
John Hope College Prep

John Hope College Preparatory High School (known as John Hope or JHCP) is a public 4-year high school located in the Englewood neighborhood on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is operated by Chicago Public Schools. The school is named for educator and religious leader John Hope.
History.
The school opened in 1971 as a middle school, and became a high school in 1997.
Ahletics.
Hope competes in the Chicago Public League (CPL) and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA).

</doc>
<doc id="36758103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758103" title="Jayne McHugh">
Jayne McHugh

Jayne Marie McHugh (born May 31, 1960) is a former volleyball player. She played for the United States national team at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36758112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758112" title="Art squat">
Art squat

An art squat is a name used to describe the action of artists to occupy (or squat in) an abandoned building, thereby creating studio space to create art. Art squats often have a semi-legal or illegal status.
Tacheles, in Berlin, Germany, was one of many buildings occupied by artists in the years after World War II and continued to operate as a studio space and gallery until 2012, when the authorities closed it for redevelopment. 
Paris, France, has experienced several decades of art squats, a result of high rents and a large Bohemian artist population. Early examples include the Bateau-Lavoir (destroyed during the 1970s) and Hôpital Éphémère, occupied during the 1980s and 90s. In the 2000s the Paris city hall began an initiative to redevelop and legalise the city's art squats, beginning with a 6-storey squat on rue de Rivoli which was renovated and reopened in 2009.
In the 1990s a group of painters and sculptors gathered in an abandoned building in the Fairfax District, Los Angeles, USA. 

</doc>
<doc id="36758120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758120" title="Rafael Pineda">
Rafael Pineda

Rafael Pineda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36758122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758122" title="5 (Alizée album)">
5 (Alizée album)

5 (""Cinq"") [] is the fifth studio album by the French recording artist Alizée. Originally scheduled for release in 2012, it was finally released on 25 March 2013 by Sony Music. Its music incorporates pop styles with elements of dance-pop, rock in the form of upbeat songs, piano-driven ballads and a renewed '60s style. The name and cover of the album were announced on 3 January 2013 on Star Academy. The first single to be released from the album was "À cause de l'automne" on 4 July 2012. The album was recorded in Paris and Brussels. With Alexandre Azaria as executive producer, she collaborated with a wide range of musicians, including many whom she had not collaborated with before, such as Thomas Boulard and BB Brunes.
It debuted at 23rd place on the French Albums Chart, with first-week sales of 8000 copies. Internationally, the album charted moderately, marking career lows for Alizée. Two singles were released from the album. The first single, "À cause de l'automne" charted within the top 200 of the French-speaking countries. The second single, "Je veux bien", was released in April 2013.
Development.
In early 2011, rumours that Alizée's fifth studio album was being recorded started and about a month later it was confirmed that Alizée was among the artists who recorded a duet with Alain Chamfort, whose collaboration single "Clara veut la Lune" was released on 29 April in 2012. She announced a new album scheduled for spring 2012. Later Sony announced delay of the album till the fall of 2012.
During the release of Alain Chamfort's album "Elles & Lui", Alizée confirmed in an interview by off TV that she was currently recording her fifth studio album. According to Alizée, the new album was "introspective and fresh" and represent a natural continuation of her career. Later, Alizée revealed change in her style on the fifth studio album because she wanted to reach a wider audience than with her last album, which she called an "artistical and abstract experiment".
""My album will be amazing,"" said Alizée. ""I'm excited. I have worked hard in the studio. Different producers with whom I'm working with really encouraged me and gave me incredible tracks and beats. It's full of fun and excitement and will be released later this year""... by "Alizée
On 27 June 2012, Alizée announced on a live chat that the first single of the new album would be released on 28 June 2012. The music video was shot on 15 July 2012. The name of the single is "Á cause de l'automne" (English: ""Because of the Autumn""). Alizée also revealed that for the new album she was working with Jean-Jacques Goldman, BB Brunes and Thomas Boulard (singer and guitarist of French rock band "Luke"). On 30 January 2013, Alizée announced on MFM Radio that Goldman wrote two songs for the album but they would not be on the final version of the album. On 12 July, a limited collector's edition of "5" became available for pre-order.
The original release date was announced to be 1 October 2012, but on 3 September Alizée and her team announced another delay of a few weeks. On 14 September, Alizée announced on Facebook that the album had been delayed until early 2013.
On 23 October, a teaser video was published on her official YouTube channel where she confirmed the album's release to be during the first trimester of 2013. On 15 January, Alizée released the cover art of the new album, and mentioned another delay of the album. The final release date was 25 March 2013.
On 5 December, the official video for "À cause de l'automne" was released on Alizée's VEVO channel. After two days of the pre-release of "5", Alizée was already in the Top 200 of iTunes in France and Mexico.
Promotion.
Live performances.
Besides releasing singles to promote the album, Alizée also performed songs from 5 on a number of shows. In September 2012 she did a "DJ Set" in a famous Parisian night club called "Complexe Kes West", in 26 October 2012 she had other set in "Carré Rouge" night club in Avignon and another in 23 November at "Le Chat Noir" night club in Dijon. 
The first public performance of her last single was on RFM radio on 21 December 2012 where she sang the song in a live broadcast.
On 3 January 2013 the name and the cover of the album was shown on a Star Academy where Alizée made an appearance. From January she performed on many shows including the Soccer Beach Show of Monaco on 9 February; her participation in Alain Chamfort's "En Concert" at Le Grand Rex and her new participation in Les Enfoirés 2013 concert at the Paris-Bercy hall.
On 15 April 2013, it was confirmed who participated on the fourth season ("Dancing with the Stars") of the popular reality show for the promotion of her album "5".
On 16 June TF1 confirmed Alizée's participation for Le Tour de France 2013 opening ceremony in Porto-Vecchio on 29 June.
Magazines.
Released in late December, the January/February 2013 issue of the French edition of Inked magazine featured a photo shoot, including Alizée on the cover as a manacled and bloodied punk princess by the French photographer Julien Lachaussée.
Several other articles were published on "POSE Mag" and "Liz Magazine" to name a few. 
Critical reception.
5 received acclaim from contemporary critics. The critics saw the album as the total emancipation of Alizée, arguing that they saw the maturing of the singer and style, being an artist full of classy sounds, a strong voice, elegant image, choirs and orchestra in her album. They commented how the ""Lolita"", who had begun her career at the beginning of the new century, transformed into a mature woman and wonderful singer through all these years, making this her most personal record to date, transforming her work in another masterpiece of her repertoire.
Singles.
The first single from the album is "À cause de l'automne". It was released on 28 June 2012 on Alizée's official website at 17:00 French time. The single was released to French iTunes on 4 July 2012, exactly 12 years after the anniversary of "Moi... Lolita".
The second single from the album is ""Je veux bien"", which release Alizée confirmed on Facebook on 8 April 2013. The single was release in 22 April 2013. The single was supposed to have a music video to be released on spring 2013 but the video was never produced.
Promotional songs.
"Dans mon sac", the second extract from the album, was released on 11 February 2013 as a gift during an official online competition. Soon after, the song appeared on Alizée's official YouTube account.
Track list.
Complete track list:
Personnel.
Credits adapted from 5 liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="36758124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758124" title="Trond Berg Eriksen">
Trond Berg Eriksen

Trond Berg Eriksen (born 1945) is a Norwegian historian of ideas, non-fiction writer and magazine editor. He was born in Øvre Eiker in Buskerud. His thesis, from 1975, was on the ethics of Aristoteles. He was appointed professor at the University of Oslo from 1990. He edited the magazine "Samtiden" from 1989 to 1993, and has published a number of books.

</doc>
<doc id="36758130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758130" title="Navarino Icons">
Navarino Icons

Navarino Icons is a brand of food products and art objects introduced in 2011 by Costa Navarino, a Greek resort in Messinia developed by the Tourism Enterprises of Messinia S. A. (TEMES S.A.). Navarino Icons brand of food products and art objects are based on the history and culture of the Messinian region and the Peloponnese of Greece.
History.
The Navarino Icons brand was launched in 2011 by Costa Navarino with the aim to promote the history and culture of the Messinian region and the Peloponnese of Greece worldwide through their traditional food and art. According to Donna Paul in the "Edible Manhattan", "the story begins with a mother. Maria Balafouti runs the Folklore Museum (that I visited) in a small village named Yalova. She started to make spoon sweets to treat the guests of the museum. Soon she began to make spoon sweets for Costa Navarino. They now have a small company employing five local women that make what you’ll find at Dean & Deluca."
On October 13, 2011, the Navarino Icons brand was registered as a European Union Community Trade Mark, with registration number 010038289, belonging to the Tourism Enterprises of Messinia S. A. (TEMES S.A.). An application for a United States federal trademark was filed by the Tourism Enterprises of Messinia S. A. (TEMES S.A.) on May 27, 2011; its serial number is 85332767, and the status is "Notice of Allowance - Issued".
Costa Navarino, which manages the Navarino Icons brand, is a Greek resort in Messinia. It was developed by the Tourism Enterprises of Messinia S. A. (TEMES S.A.), a resort development company founded by Vassilis C. Constantakopoulos.
Products.
Navarino Icons food products and art objects are made by local Messinian and Peloponnese Greeks based on their history and culture, using their traditional methods. Traditional Mycenaean Greece recipes are used to make the food products, and the art objects are also based on the Mycenaean traditional arts. Navarino Icons sources its raw materials locally, from the Messinian region and the Peloponnese of Greece. Vasiliki Mitrakos acknowledged—in her contribution to the "Reinventing Greece Media Project"—that the Navarino Icons range features hand-made crafts by local artisans and organic food products from sustainable farms.
The food products of Navarino Icons includes extra virgin olive oil, olives, Sesame seed candy (pasteli), traditional Greek sweets, fresh fruit marmalades, biscuits made from extra virgin olive oil and oranges, honey, roasted red peppers and eggplants, dips of peppers-tomatoes and pasta. The art objects includes ceramic arts of dice, doll figurine, dish, sandal and animal figures, and paper crafts of 3D animal figures and jigsaw puzzles with themes from Mycenaean frescoes.
Distribution.
Hellenic Duty Free Shops, Dean & Deluca and "Attica Department Stores" are some of the outlets that distribute the Navarino Icons range of food products and art objects. According to "TravelPulse", "the Navarino Icons series is already available exclusively in Dean & Deluca stores in the United States." Costa Navarino also has a cooperation with Lufthansa to promote the Navarino Icons brand to Lufthansa passengers worldwide. The Navarino Icons range are featured at Lufthansa Business Lounges.
Recognition.
Navarino Icons and Dean & DeLuca were jointly nominated for the Hellenic American Leadership Council (HALC)'s "Best & Worst of the Week" series in March 2012 for embracing programs aimed at promoting Greek products. In April 2012, the products of Navarino Icons were showcased at "the Greek Orthodox Easter Traditions Regimen and Products" event organized by the Embassy of Greece in Washington, D.C., where Navarino Icons and Dean & DeLuca jointly showcased Greek gastronomy.

</doc>
<doc id="36758143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758143" title="1980 Cincinnati Open">
1980 Cincinnati Open

The 1980 Cincinnati Open (also known as the 1980 ATP Championships for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Cincinnati, Ohio in the United States that was part of the 1980 Volvo Grand Prix. The tournament was held from August 18 through August 24, 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36758149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758149" title="UGC 9240">
UGC 9240

UGC 9240 (or DDO 190) is a dwarf irregular galaxy in the vicinity of the Milky Way, as it is relatively small and lacks clear structure. It is away from us and lies out of the Local Group, determined by the tip of the red giant branch method. The outskirts of the galaxy are harbouring older (reddish) stars, while the centre is crowded with younger (bluish) stars. Heated gas is observed at several places. DDO 190 still experiences some active star formation. The galaxy is categorised as a Magellanic dwarf galaxy of morphological type Im. Its metallicity is [Fe/H] = −1.55 ± 0.12.
DDO 190 is small, but not tiny: about 15,000 light years across. That’s about 1/6th the size of our galaxy. It’s also well outside our Local group of nearby galaxies (the Andromeda galaxy is less than 3 million light years distant from us, for comparison) and is thought to be part of the M94 galaxy group. But if true it’s fairly isolated even from the others on its team; the nearest neighbor appears to be another dwarf galaxy, DDO 187, at a distance of .
History.
The galaxy was discovered by the Canadian astronomer Sidney van der Bergh in 1959 and put in the DDO catalogue.

</doc>
<doc id="36758160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758160" title="Phan Thanh Hải">
Phan Thanh Hải

Phan Thanh Hải (born c. 1969) is a Vietnamese dissident blogger. Blogging as "Anhbasg" or "Anh Ba Sài Gòn" at the website "Independent Journalists' Club", Phan discussed controversial topics including other dissidents, Vietnam's maritime border with China, and government corruption scandals.
A lawyer by training, Phan was denied permission to practice due to his blogging and his involvement in protests. In 2007, he was arrested after a protest against the Beijing Olympics and later placed under police surveillance.
In October 2010, he was arrested in Ho Chi Minh City and charged with disseminating anti-state information and materials, carrying a maximum sentence of twenty years' imprisonment; he later confessed to the charges. Fellow "Independent Journalists' Club" posters Nguyen Van Hai and Ta Phong Tan were also arrested. Though their trial was scheduled to begin in August, it was delayed indefinitely after Ta's mother Dang Thi Kim Lieng immolated herself in front of the government offices in Bac Lieu province in protest of the trial.
The UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights criticized the arrests, stating its concern for "what appears to be increasingly limited space for freedom of expression in Viet Nam". In a July 2012 visit to Hanoi, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton expressed concern for the detention of the three members of the Free Vietnamese Journalists' Club. Amnesty International described the three bloggers as prisoners of conscience, "detained solely for the peaceful exercise of their right to freedom of expression through their online writings", and urged their release. The International Federation for Human Rights and World Organisation Against Torture also released a joint statement calling on the Vietnamese government to release the three bloggers unconditionally. In 2011, Human Rights Watch awarded him a Hellman/Hammett Award for "writers who demonstrate courage and conviction in the face of political persecution".
On 4 October 2012, Panh Than Hai pled guilty and was sentenced to four years in prison in a one-day hearing "The Economist" described as looking "very much like an old-fashioned Soviet-style show trial". Prosecutors stated that the three had "distorted the truth about State and Party, created anxiety among citizens and supported schemes to overthrow the government", while the court found that they were "seriously affecting national security and the image of the country in the global arena." On the same day, Ta Phong Tan was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment, and Nguyen Van Hai, to twelve years.

</doc>
<doc id="36758161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758161" title="Randy Clark">
Randy Clark

Randy Clark may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36758174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758174" title="Colin J. Williams">
Colin J. Williams

Colin J. Williams is a sociologist currently serving as Professor of Sociology at Indiana University-Purdue University at Indianapolis. He served as Research Sociologist at the Kinsey Institute for Sex Research from 1968-1980. Williams' work frequently looks at sociological issues affecting gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people.
Life and career.
Williams earned his bachelors degree from the London School of Economics in 1963 and his masters degree from the University of British Columbia in 1966. He earned his Ph.D. in sociology from Rutgers University in 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="36758175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758175" title="Paranoid Cocoon">
Paranoid Cocoon

Paranoid Cocoon is the second album by Cotton Jones, which was released on January 27, 2009. It was the band's debut on Suicide Squeeze Records. The band's sound was described as an "intriguing mix of country and melancholy psychedelia" and comparisons were made with Johnny Cash, Mazzy Star, and Beach House.

</doc>
<doc id="36758209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758209" title="Edward Greenwood">
Edward Greenwood

Edward Greenwood (19 January 1845 – 25 January 1899) was an English cricketer. Greenwood's batting style is unknown. He was born at St John's Wood, London.
Greenwood made a single first-class appearance for Kent against Lancashire in 1873 at the Bat and Ball Ground, Gravesend. Lancashire won the toss and elected to bat first, making 118 all out, to which Kent responded in their first-innings by making 133 all out, during which Greenwood, who opened the batting, was dismissed for a duck by Arthur Appleby. Lancashire then made 96 all out in their second-innings, setting Kent a target of 82 for victory. Kent reached their target with three wickets to spare, although Greenwood, who batted at number five in this innings, was dismissed for 13 runs by William McIntyre. This was his only major appearance.
He died at Smithwood House in Wonersh, Surrey, on 25 January 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="36758211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758211" title="German submarine U-318">
German submarine U-318

German submarine "U-318" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
The submarine was laid down on 14 October 1942 by the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 318, launched on 25 September 1943, and commissioned on 13 November under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Josef Will.
She served with the 4th U-boat Flotilla for training, the 11th U-boat Flotilla from 1 August 1943 to 4 November 1944, the 13th flotilla from 5 November 1944 to 28 February 1945 and the 14th flotilla from 1 March to 8 May 1945 for operations.
She completed six patrols, but did not sink any ships.
She was a member of two wolfpacks.
The boat surrendered at Narvik in Norway in May 1945. She was sunk in December as part of Operation "Deadlight".
Service history.
Her patrols used a variety of bases in Norway: e.g. Egersund, Bergen, Kristiansand, Arendal, Trondheim, Bogenbucht, Kilbotn, Harstad and Narvik, but none of them was longer than 32 days.
Fate.
At the end of World War II, she surrendered at Narvik on 10 May 1945. She was moved to Skjomenfjord, then Loch Eriboll in Scotland, arriving there on 19 May. She was moved again to Loch Ryan for Operation "Deadlight" and sunk on 21 December north of Northern Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36758269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758269" title="T. R. Pugh Memorial Park">
T. R. Pugh Memorial Park

T. R. Pugh Memorial Park (or The Old Mill) is a re-creation of an 1880's era water-powered grist mill located in North Little Rock, Arkansas. It was used in the opening scenes of the movie classic "Gone With The Wind". In 2010, the site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. 
The park was built in 1933 by Justin Matthews and named in honor of Thomas R. Pugh, of Portland, Arkansas who was a close friend and benefactor of Matthews. The architect for the park and the mill was Frank Carmean with artist Dionicio Rodriguez serving as sculptor of the concrete work to simulate wooden, iron and steel structures.
In present day, due to its picturesque views, the Old Mill serves as the backdrop for weddings and portrait photography.
In 2008, the roof was set on fire, but did not cause permanent damage.

</doc>
<doc id="36758290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758290" title="Tito Angelini">
Tito Angelini

Tito Angelini (1806–1878) was an Italian sculptor and leader of the Academy of Fine Arts in Naples, where he was born and died.
Biography.
His father, Costanzo Angelini, born in Aquila in 1771, was educated in Rome and became a Neapolitan citizen, member of the Royal Academy of Fine Arts, and professor of design there.
His studies in Rome led to an influence by the pre-eminent Neoclassic sculptors of his day, Canova and the Danish Thorvaldsen. He is said to have become master of the academy during Napoleonic occupation of Italy. Afterwards, he was to share duties with Giuseppe Cammarano.
He befriended Pietro Tenerani, Luigi Pampaloni, and Lorenzo Bartolini during his travels, but was mainly active in Naples, where he became Professor of Design. He completed the works of "La Clemenza" e "L'Immacolata" for the chapel of the Palazzo Reale of Naples. He also completed the funereal monument for Lucia Migliaccio for the church of San Ferdinando, and the monuments to Saverio Mercadante and Giuseppe Mazzini and the statue of Sant'Ambrogio for the church of San Francesco in Gaeta.
His works are also to be seen in museums in Naples and Campagna. Among his pupils was Salvatore Albano.

</doc>
<doc id="36758292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758292" title="Paradise Street, Oxford">
Paradise Street, Oxford

Paradise Street is a street in central Oxford, England. It is in the St Ebbe's area of Oxford, to the southwest of Oxford Castle.
The street runs from Paradise Square to Quaking Bridge, across Castle Mill Stream. It continues to the east into Castle Street.
Historically, both Greyfriars and Blackfriars lived here. On the south side of the street is a late 17th-century house, Greyfriars, conserved in 1985.
Swan Bridge is a Grade II listed bridge over the Castle Mill Stream forming part of Paradise Street. The bridge was Grade II listed in 1972.
The Swan's Nest Brewery, later the Swan Brewery, was established by the early 18th century in Paradise Street. In 1795, it was acquired by William Hall. The brewery became known as Hall's Oxford Brewery, which acquired other local breweries. Hall's Brewery was acquired by Samuel Allsopp & Sons in 1926, after which it ceased brewing in Oxford.
In 1885, Castle Terrace was built by F. J. Codd in the street. This became Simon House, for homeless men.

</doc>
<doc id="36758306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758306" title="Quaking Bridge">
Quaking Bridge

Quaking Bridge is a bridge over the Castle Mill Stream in the city of Oxford, England. It contects to St Thomas' Street and Paradise Street and Tidmarsh Lane to the east. It is close to Oxford Castle, immediately to the east. To the north on the Castle Mill Stream are Pacey's Bridge and Hythe Bridge. To the south is Swan Bridge.
There has been a bridge at this location from at least the late 13th century. Quaking Bridge was first mentioned in 1297, but is probably much older. It crossed the Castle Mill Stream immediately west of Oxford Castle, on a road that connected Oxford and St Thomas's parish (hence St Thomas' Street here now) before the castle existed. The Canons of Oseney Abbey used it each day for services in St George's Chapel at the castle. The responsibility for the bridge's upkeep was meant to be that of the King. The bridge was originally wooden. In 1821, it had three arches and open timberwork acting as railings. The bridge was replaced with an iron one in 1835.
The name of the bridge may derive from its former unsafe condition.

</doc>
<doc id="36758308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758308" title="Erich Schmidt (soldier)">
Erich Schmidt (soldier)

Erich Schmidt (10 February 1911 – 13 November 1977) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II who was one of only 882 recipients who were awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36758313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758313" title="Se Amar Mon Kereche">
Se Amar Mon Kereche

Se Amar Mon Kereche () is a 2012 Bengali romantic action film directed by Sohanoor Rahman Sohan. The film stars Shakib Khan and Tinni in the lead roles, with Ahmed Sharif, Misha Shoudagor and Aalamgir in supporting roles. "Se Amar Mon Kereche" released on 20 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36758323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758323" title="1975 Texas Longhorns baseball team">
1975 Texas Longhorns baseball team

The 1975 Texas Longhorns baseball team represented the University of Texas in the 1975 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Longhorns played their home games at Disch-Falk Field. The team was coached by Cliff Gustafson in his 9th season at Texas.
The Longhorns won the College World Series, defeating the South Carolina Gamecocks in the championship game.
Longhorns in the 1975 MLB Draft.
The following members of the Texas Longhorns baseball program were drafted in the 1975 Major League Baseball Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="36758377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758377" title="Magic Dam">
Magic Dam

Magic Dam is an earthen embankment dam across the Big Wood River in southwestern Blaine County, Idaho, in the United States, about north of Twin Falls. The dam was completed in 1910 by Magic Reservoir Hydroelectric, Inc. for irrigation, flood control and hydroelectric generation, and stores up to of water in Magic Reservoir, which lies in both Blaine County and adjacent southeastern Camas County. Water from the reservoir is used to irrigate around and between Shoshone and Richfield. Magic Dam also supports a power station with three turbines totaling a capacity of 9,000 kW.
The dam's main embankment is high and long.Two auxiliary dikes keep the reservoir from overflowing during high elevations, while a concrete emergency spillway located west of the dam helps to pass floodwaters. At full water levels, Magic Reservoir covers up to , extending up the Big Wood River and up a tributary, Camas Creek. The dam and reservoir control runoff from a catchment area of .

</doc>
<doc id="36758379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758379" title="1893 Quchan earthquake">
1893 Quchan earthquake

The 1893 Quchan earthquake occurred at about 19:30 local time (15:06 UTC) on 17 November. It had an estimated magnitude of 6.6 on the surface wave magnitude scale and a maximum perceived intensity of X ("Intense") on the Mercalli intensity scale. It caused severe damage in Quchan County, particularly to the town of Quchan itself and there were an estimated 18,000 casualties.
Tectonic setting.
The Kopet Dag mountain range lies at the northern edge of the complex zone of deformation caused by the continuing collision of the Arabian Plate with the Eurasian Plate. To the west it links with the Caucasus Mountains through the Caspian Sea. There is currently about 3 mm per year of shortening across the Kopet Dag as a whole. The Quchan Fault zone, trending NNW-SSE, is one of a set of active right lateral strike-slip faults that accommodate part of the shortening across the Kopet Dag and extension along its length. It has an estimated displacement rate of about 1.5 mm per year. The damage areas of the sequence of earthquakes that affected the Quchan area between 1851 and 1895 follow the projected path of the Quchan fault and its likely continuation as a thrust fault in the Atrak valley, where it forms a surface anticline.
Earthquake.
The shock was felt over a wide area, including all Turkmenistan and as far away as Tehran. It was preceded by a strong foreshock on 20 October. There were damaging aftershocks on both 18 and 19 November, with the latter being the most severe.
Damage.
The city of Quchan was almost completely destroyed, with only a few houses strengthened with wooden braces following the 1871 earthquake surviving.
Aftermath.
The winter that followed the earthquake was unusually severe, causing many further deaths.
Just over a year later, on January 17, 1895, Quchan was again devastated by an earthquake, although the death toll was lower, as very few houses of adobe construction had survived the 1893 event and new houses were generally of wooden construction.

</doc>
<doc id="36758381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758381" title="Swimming at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 800 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 800 metre freestyle

The men's 800 metre freestyle event at the 2001 World Aquatics Championships took place 24 July. The heats took place 23 July, and the final was held on 24 July.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The following record was established during the competition:
Results.
Final.
Key: WR = World record

</doc>
<doc id="36758410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758410" title="Charles de Fitz-James">
Charles de Fitz-James

Charles de Fitz-James, Duke of Fitz-James (4 November 1712 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye – 22 March 1787 at his "hôtel particulier", Paris) was a French general, descended from the British House of Stuart. He rose to become a peer and marshal of France.
Life.
Early life.
He was the son of James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick, who was in turn the illegitimate son of James II of Great Britain. He was known from birth as the "count of Fitz-James". When his elder brother Henri de Fitz-James was dismissed and his younger brother François de Fitz-James took holy orders, Charles was made governor and lieutenant-general of Limousin on 28 December 1729, aged only 17. In 1730 he joined the musketeers, on 31 March 1732 he was given a commission to command a company in the Montreval cavalry regiment, and in 1733 he was put in command of an Irish cavalry regiment, which was renamed the Fitz-James regiment after him.
1733 also saw Europe's peace broken for the first time in twenty years after the death of Augustus, king of Poland. A French army under Charles's father invaded Germany, whilst Charles saw his first active service at the head of his regiment at the sieges of Kehl (1733) and Philippsbourg (1734). He was standing next to his father when the latter was killed by a cannonball and was splattered with his blood and brains. Inheriting his father's dukedom and becoming a peer of France, Charles continued serving with the French army on the Rhine under the orders of Marshal de Coigny from 1735 until the peace of Vienna in 1738. In 1735 he also became one of the first French Freemasons in the Bussy Lodge.
War of the Austrian Succession.
Charles VI's death in 1740 triggered another European war, with France backing the elector of Bavaria's claims to the imperial throne. In 1741. In 1741 a French army of 40,000 men crossed the Rhine at Fort-Louis, under the orders of the Charles Louis Auguste Fouquet, whilst another army the same size crossed the Meuse at the same time - Charles served in the latter as a brigadier, under the orders of Jean-Baptiste Francois des Marets, marquis de Maillebois. He took part in most of the war's battles and also served in Belle-Isle's army at the siege of Prague and the retreat which followed.
Returning to France in July 1743, he ended his campaign in Basse-Alsace serving under marshal de Noailles. In 1744 he was promoted to maréchal-de-camp and fought in the king's army at that rank, commanding the siege works at the 1745 siege of Tournay, fighting at the French victory at Fontenoy and serving at the sieges of Oudenarde and Dendermonde. In 1746 he joined the French army in Flanders under the marshal de Saxe, covering the sieges of Mons, Saint-Guilhain and Charleroi and serving at the sieges of Namur (1746) and the victory at Rocourt.
At the battle of Lawfeld - bloodier than Fontenoy - opened France's 1747 campaign in the Netherlands. The Duke of Fitz-James fought there before joining the sieges of Bergen-op-Zoom (1747) and Lowendahl. He also fought at the siege of Maestricht when peace was signed between France, Britain and the Netherlands in 1748. Hostilities were barely over when, on 10 May 1748, the duke of Fitz-James was promoted to lieutenant general. He was also made a peer of France and knight of the orders of the king (received 2 February 1756).

</doc>
<doc id="36758449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758449" title="Giuseppe Cammarano">
Giuseppe Cammarano

Giuseppe Cammarano (June 4, 1766 – October 8, 1850) was an Italian painter and leader of the Academy of Arts in his birthplace of Sciacca, Sicily.
Cammarano began his work at the Royal court of Naples. He painted frescoes, now degraded, in the Reggia di Carditello, inspired by work of Fedele Fischetti and Domenico Chelli. He found a patron in Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies, who funded his study to Rome, where he developed a style with both Rococo and Neoclassic tendencies. He labored in the restoration of paintings in Naples, many of which had been damaged by the Napoleonic invasion. He became professor at the Reale Accademia di Belle Arti and painted the fresco depicting "Minerva awarding prizes to Arts and Sciences" (1814) on the Ceiling of the Council Hall. Among his fellow teachers was Tito Angelini.
Again in the Reggia of Carditello, he painted "Hector reproves Paris" (1814). In the bedrooms, he painted the "Victory of Theusus over the Minotaur" (1824). He participated in the fresco decoration of the Royal Palace of Naples. He painted a "Last Supper" for the Cathedral of Caserta.
His father was an actor for the San Carlo Theater of Naples. Giuseppe painted the ceiling frescoe in the auditorium of the theater, above the seats, representing "Apollo introduces the poets". His son, Salvatore Cammarano, was also a painter. He died in Naples, aged 84.

</doc>
<doc id="36758465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758465" title="Lin-ay sang Negros 2011">
Lin-ay sang Negros 2011

Lin-ay sang Negros 2011, the 17th edition of the annual Lin-ay sang Negros pageant was held on April 9, 2011 at the Pana-ad Stadium. A total of 24 candidates from all over Negros Occidental joined the pageant. Lin-ay sang Negros 2010 Kareen Ty of Silay City, along with Senator Jinggoy Estrada and First Lady of Negros Occidental Dr. Marilyn Marañon crowned her successor, Ann Marie Malayo at the end of the event.
External links.
<noinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36758495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758495" title="North West Women's Regional Football League">
North West Women's Regional Football League

The North West Women's Regional Football League is at the fifth and sixth levels of the English women's football pyramid, with the seven other Regional Leagues – Eastern, London & SE, Southern, South West, East Mids, West Mids and North East. The North West Women's Regional League feeds directly into the Northern Combination Women's Football League, and lies above the Greater Manchester Women's Football League, Lancashire Women's Football League, Cheshire Women's Football League and Liverpool Women's Football League in the pyramid. The pyramid structure was founded in 1998.
Below the Premier Division the two Division Ones are split geographically with Division One South and Division One North.
Teams.
The teams competing in the North West Women's Regional League Premier Division during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the North West Women's Regional League Division One North during the 2012–13 season are:
The teams competing in the North West Women's Regional League Division One South during the 2012–13 season are:

</doc>
<doc id="36758499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758499" title="Aud Blankholm">
Aud Blankholm

Aud Blankholm (born 1947) is a Norwegian nurse and administrator. She was born in Ørsta. She served as Government Director of Personnel from 1990 to 1995. From 2001, she served as Secretary General of the nurses union Norsk Sykepleierforbund.

</doc>
<doc id="36758548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758548" title="Blackbird (violin)">
Blackbird (violin)

The Blackbird, also called the Black Stone Violin, is a full-size playable violin made of black diabase after drawings by Antonio Stradivari (Stradivarius), but with technical modifications to allow it to be played. The violin was conceived and designed by the Swedish artist Lars Widenfalk. It was named the "Blackbird" after the Common Blackbird ("Turdus merula") because of its colouring. Stradivari himself often gave his violins names related to birds.
Inspiration.
The idea of constructing a musical instrument from stone came when Lars Widenfalk was working on big diabase blocks destined to form part of the artistic embellishment of the Norwegian TV building in Oslo, Norway. These blocks gave off a strikingly beautiful and strong sound during the work with hammer and chisel - it sang like an iron bell. It is also well-known among sculptors and geologists that different rock types have different sounds when being worked. 
In 1990 Widenfalk had acquired a small diabase block of highest quality and blackness. It probably came from the quarries of northern Skåne in southern Sweden. It became clear to him that the size was right for an instrument such as a violin. The rock came from his grandfather's tombstone, which had been discarded after a joint family grave had been established. What made Widenfalk start to work on a violin was the desire to discover how far stone, in this case diabase, could be pushed as an artistic material, and he turned it into the world's first playable stone violin.
Construction.
Diabase is a deep black plutonic rock with a dense and finely crystalline structure. The rock used for the belly and neck of the violin is about 1.6 billion years old. However, the tombstone was not large enough for the whole violin. Therefore the back plate was made of another stone, a porphyritic diabase, about 1.9 billion years old, from the province of Härjedalen in south central Sweden. The stone violin is constructed to the designs of Stradivarius, but it uses Widenfalk's own technical modifications to allow it to be played. It weighs only 2 kilograms and took two years to construct, being completed in 1992. 
The sound box of the violin is only 2.5 mm thick. It was made with highest precision and the sound box was constructed with sound-holes, back and graceful scroll. The ribs (sound box wall) were made in one piece by first sawing out a 30 mm thick plate shaped to form the external violin contour. Then the inside was removed using a waterjet and machined with hand tools to create a thin rib, no more than a couple of millimetres thick at its thinnest point. The interior of the box was gilded with real gold. The fingerboard is made of ebony. Precision bonding of the sound box parts was done using two component glue and the neck secured with two silvered steel pins where it joins the body. The bridge is formed from a piece of mammoth ivory from Siberia, the yellowest available, symbolising the blackbird's yellow beak
The Blackbird is not the only stone violin; the Czech sculptor Jan Řeřicha, has made some stone violins. They are made from marble, a much softer stone and easier to process than diabase. For the best possible sound "Blackbird" was made after drawings by Stradivarius and weighs only 2 kg, while the marble violins weigh between 3.6 and 6.5 kg.
Performance.
The Swedish composer Sven David Sandström composed music specifically for the instrument. The music's first public performance on the "Blackbird" took place in the Swedish Pavilion at the 1992 Seville Expo in Spain. In the same year the violin was blessed by Pope John Paul II in Rome. Since then, it has been played in many places including Dubai, Luxembourg, Monza, Milan, Nuremberg, Oslo, Prague, Stockholm and Washington. A video from Face II Face, the Lars Holm and Lars Widenfalk art exhibition in Linneanum, Botanical Garden, Uppsala 2009 includes a 30 second segment of a performance on the violin 

</doc>
<doc id="36758554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758554" title="Hugo Ehrlich">
Hugo Ehrlich

Hugo Ehrlich (January 31, 1879 – September 21, 1936) was known Croatian architect.
Early life and education.
Ehrlich was born in Zagreb to a wealthy Jewish family of builder and entrepreneur, Herman Ehrlich and his wife Marija (née Eisner). His maternal grandfather was Zagreb's Rabbi. He was raised together with his brothers, Adolf, Ernest, Đuro and sister Mira. In 1897, Ehrlich enrolled the Vienna University of Technology, just like his brother Đuro a few years before. He studied under architect Carl König, for whom he worked during the education as an associate in the König studio. After graduation from the university, Ehrlich stayed in Vienna where he worked for Humbert Walcher.
Career.
Under Walcher, Ehrlich worked on the restoration of the Burg Kreuzenstein. In 1907, he worked on the first project related to his birth city, new government building. In 1908, Ehrlich undertake work on the adaptation of villa Karma in Clarens, near Montreux. On that adaptation, Ehrlich worked until 1912. Ehrlich returned to Zagreb in 1909. In Zagreb he worked at his family architect studio, but in 1910 he was joined with Viktor Kovačić to form Kovačić & Ehrlich studio. Ehrlich cooperation with Kovačić marked in three regulations in Zagreb. The first was a Jesuit square regulation, which Ehrlich realize with significant changes, according to Kovačić project. Ehrlich independently worked on the project of regulation of Strossmayer promenade. The third project from that period was related to the regulation of Vraz walkway. During the Kovačić & Ehrlich collaboration, they realized several residential buildings and family houses. In the 1914, during the work on the Hungarian railroad school Ehrlich was mobilized in the Austro-Hungarian Army. In 1915, Ehrlich ended his partnership with Kovačić.
After World War I, Ehrlich worked at the Adolf & Ernest Ehrlich architect studio. During that period, most of his works were designed in the spirit of eclectic mannerism. In the 1920s, Ehrlich designed over twenties residential and commercial properties. From 1921 to 1923 he worked on the building of Slavenska hipotekarna banka ("Slavic Mortgage Bank"). After the death of Viktor Kovačić, autumn of 1924, Ehrlich took over construction work on the building of the Zagreb Stock Exchange (now "Croatian National Bank") together with Alfred Albini and Stjepan Gomboš. The work on the exterior and interior was completed in the June of 1927. In 1925, Ehrlich started to work as the professor at the University of Zagreb Faculty of Architecture. During that time Ehrlich's studio became one of the largest studios in Zagreb, gathering the most talented generation of architects such as Alfred Albini, Stephen Gomboš, Mladen Kauzlarić, Juraj Denzler and Drago Galić. In 1928, Ehrlich received the invitation for the Congrès International d'Architecture Moderne.
Death.
Ehrlich died in Zagreb on September 21, 1936 and was buried at the Mirogoj Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="36758559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758559" title="Fremont and Indiana Railroad">
Fremont and Indiana Railroad

The Fremont and Indiana Railroad existed in Northwest Ohio beginning in 1853.
Origin.
The Fremont and Indiana Railroad Company was incorporated April 25, 1853 by L. Q. Rawson, Sardis Birchard, James Justice, John R. Pease, and Charles W. Foster. The route was to be from Fremont, Ohio through Fostoria, Findlay, and through Hancock, Allen, Auglaize and Darke counties to the western boundary of Ohio. Directors were chosen and L. Q. Rawson was elected president, Andrew J. Hale as secretary and Squire Carlin treasurer.
Track was constructed to Fostoria, then known as Rome, and freight and passengers cars began running February 1, 1859. The road was built to Findlay in 1860, but the line went bankrupt and was sold to creditors in 1862 for $20,000.
Fremont, Lima and Union Railroad.
On January 21, 1862, a new company named the Fremont, Lima and Union Railroad Company was incorporated with L Q. Lawson, president and R. W. B. McClellan, secretary and treasurer.
Lake Erie and Louisville Railroad.
The Fremont, Lima and Union Railroad and the Lake Erie and Pacific Railroad Company merged in 1865 to form the Lake Erie and Louisville Railroad Company. The aim was to form a line between Louisville and Fremont, the head of navigation on the Sandusky River. Heavy freight could be offloaded onto ships to descend the Sandusky River, cross Lake Erie to Buffalo, New York and thence to the east coast. Passengers and light freight would pass east and west through Fremont. This line lasted until April, 1871, when it passed into receivership. L. Q. Lawson was appointed receiver by the U. S. Circuit Court, and the company was sold to bond holders October 18, 1871.
Lake Erie and Louisville Railway.
On November 4, 1871, the Ohio portions of the railroad were re-organized as the Fremont, Lima and Union Railway Company, and the Indiana portion was organized November 18, 1871 as the Lake Erie and Louisville Railway Company. These companies merged April 12, 1872 under the name Lake Erie and Louisville Railway Company. This road was foreclosed, and placed under Isadore H. Burgoon, receiver, on April 25, 1874. The road was sold by the court in 1877, and continued to be managed by Burgoon until September, 1879. It was then sold to the Lake Erie and Western Railway.
See also.
List of Ohio railroads

</doc>
<doc id="36758565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758565" title="Combination Women's Football Leagues">
Combination Women's Football Leagues

The Combination Women's Football Leagues are at the fourth level of the women's football league system in England. They include the:

</doc>
<doc id="36758570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758570" title="Yardenit">
Yardenit

Yardenit (Hebrew: ירדנית), also known as the Yardenit Baptismal Site, is a baptism site located along the Jordan River in the Galilee region of northern Israel, which is frequented by Christian pilgrims. The site is located south of the river's outlet from the Sea of Galilee, near Kibbutz Kvutzat Kinneret, which owns and manages the site. 
According to Christian tradition, the baptism of Jesus (Matthew, 3: 13-17) actually took place in Qasr el Yahud, north of the Dead Sea and east of Jericho. For centuries, Qasr al Yahud was the most important baptism site for pilgrims, and monasteries and guest houses were established near it. After the Six-Day War Qasr el Yahud became a frontier area, located on the border between the state of Israel and Jordan. As a result, the Israeli Ministry of Tourism decided to establish this site in 1981 as a replacement site. As a result, "Yardenit" became the only regulated baptism site on the Israeli side of the river, until the reopening of Qasr el Yahud site in 2011. 
The site currently averages 400,000 visitors each year representing all faiths

</doc>
<doc id="36758579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758579" title="Joinery (historical)">
Joinery (historical)

Historically, joinery was the medieval development of frame and panel construction, as a means of coping with timber's movement owing to moisture changes. Framed panel construction was utilized in furniture making. The development of joinery gave rise to "joyners", a group of woodworkers distinct from the carpenters and arkwrights (arks were an intermediate stage between a carpenter's boarded chest and a framed chest).
The original sense of joinery is only distantly related to woodworking joints, which are the work of carpenters. This new technique developed for several centuries and joiners started making more complex furniture and also paneled rooms. Cabinetmaking became its own distinct furniture-making trade too, so joiners (under that name) became more associated with the room paneling trade.
By the height of craft woodworking (late 18th century), carpenters, joiners and cabinetmakers were all distinct and would serve different apprenticeships.

</doc>
<doc id="36758580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758580" title="Winnipeg Monarchs (senior)">
Winnipeg Monarchs (senior)

The Winnipeg Monarchs were a senior ice hockey team from Winnipeg, Manitoba, that was organized in 1906. In 1915, the Monarchs won the Allan Cup as the Canadian Senior Hockey Champions. In 1935 the Monarchs won gold for Canada at the World Ice Hockey Championships.
History.
The Winnipeg Monarchs hockey club was organized in 1906 and played their games at a rink on the corner of Sergeant Avenue and Furby Street in west-end Winnipeg. The Monarchs were allowed into the Manitoba Senior Hockey League in 1911 joining the Winnipeg Victorias and the Winnipegs in a three team league. In 1913 and 1914 the Monarchs captured the Manitoba Senior Hockey Crown. In 1915, the Monarchs were the Canadian Senior Hockey Champions winning the Allan Cup.
In 1934, the Senior Monarchs won the Manitoba Senior Championship, and in 1935 they represented Canada at the World Ice Hockey Championships held in Switzerland. The 1935 National Team roster included three 1932 gold medal winning Olympians: Roy Henkel, Victor Lindquist and Romeo Rivers. The team was undefeated during the seven-game tournament, scoring 44 goals while allowing an average of only one goal per game. In the final game the monarchs defeated Switzerland by a score of 4-2 to win the world championship title for Canada. 
After the winning the world championship title, the Monarchs continued to tour Europe where they played in 66 exhibition games before returning home to Canada with a 63-1-2 record. Following this successful European tour, the Winnipeg Monarch Senior Club ceased operations.
Other Teams.
Two junior teams would later use the Monarchs name. The Winnipeg Monarchs competed in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League from 1930 to 1978. The Monarchs name was also used by a Western Canada Hockey League team during the 1976-1977 season. Today, the Winnipeg Minor Hockey Association uses the Monarchs name in its AAA Bantam and Midget programs.

</doc>
<doc id="36758582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758582" title="Winnipeg Monarchs">
Winnipeg Monarchs

Winnipeg Monarchs is a name used by several Canadian ice hockey teams in Winnipeg, Manitoba and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36758598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758598" title="Merkuryev">
Merkuryev

Merkuryev () is a Russian surname.

</doc>
<doc id="36758609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758609" title="Strandflat">
Strandflat

Strandflat is the low land on the coast and the near coast bottom of sea, typical for the landscape of the Norwegian coast. This landform is created in the Quaternary Period, and it is only to be found in arctic and antarctic areas that has been or is covered by ice, for instance Greenland and Svalbard. Strandflat is a geomorphological word of Norwegian origin, and is used in geology and geography.
Characteristics.
The strandflat includes areas on land as well as in the sea, and might be separated in three zones: Outmost is a submarine zone, thereafter a skerry zone and innermost a supramarine zone. The strandflat ends against a steep rock on the land side, even higher mountains, and in the sea side the strandflat ends with a steep slope down to the continental shelf. The strandflat is near to the sea level of today; the areas on land side reach no more than 50 m., and the areas in sea is commonly not more than 50 m deep. The width of strandflat varies from 50 – 60 km to nearly nothing. The strandflat is a location for lots of special mountains, they are called "rauk". They have one common characteristic, they are all very steep. The rauks are landmarks on the Norwegian coast.
The term strandflat.
The word was introduced year 1894 by the Norwegian geologist Hans Reusch. The Norwegian coast is a model area of the geomorphological description of the strandflat. Researchers have tried to explain how the strandflat landscape has evolved, inter alia the Norwegians Nansen, Holtedahl and Klemsdal.
Creating the strandflat.
As a landform the strandflat is in a context of ocean and the level of the ocean. The erosion of waves and glaciers as well as frost weathering has been the most important suggestions to explain how the strandflat has occurred.
Frost weathering and processes involving ocean ice was the most important forces creating the strandflat. This process is still going on and can be observed at Svalbard. An important moment is that strandflat only are found in areas that earlier was covered by ice. In cold areas ocean ice are able to cover the coast as a package. Stones, gravel and sand, as well as boulders, may freeze under the ice, and thereafter be broken off the land and transported away. The tide was able to lift these ice-packages and the water stream moved them away. This is a process that were functioning in the shoreline, where the tide is running. 
Wave erosion and glaciers had only a minor role in the creating the strandflat.

</doc>
<doc id="36758624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758624" title="Dominique Senequier">
Dominique Senequier

Dominique Senequier (born 1953 in Toulon) is a French businesswoman. She is chief executive of Ardian (formerly AXA Private Equity) , and in August 2011 was assessed as number 98 on Forbes' list of the 100 most powerful women in the world. She was number 50 on the same list in 2009. In 2012 she was made a chevalier of the Legion of Honour.
She was one of the first seven women admitted to the École Polytechnique in 1972, the year of its first female intake.
She holds a postgraduate degree in Banking and Monetary Economics from the University of Sorbonne, and is a former director of Hewlett-Packard, having resigned in March 2012. She has more than 300 employees running more than 50 active funds.
She is a concert-standard pianist who enjoys opera, sometimes travelling to Venice and Salzburg to hear it.

</doc>
<doc id="36758635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758635" title="Renoir (crater)">
Renoir (crater)

Renoir is a crater on the planet Mercury with a diameter of 219.88 km. Its center is located at 18.29 degrees south and 51.89 degrees west; its latitude ranges from 15.71 to 20.87 degrees south and its longitude ranges from 49.18 to 54.61 degrees west. Its name, after the French painter Pierre-Auguste Renoir (1841–1919), was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. 
Renoir is a peak-ring basin on Mercury, one of several, including Raditladi Basin and Rachmaninoff. Though these basins are relatively young geologic features, Renoir is one of the oldest of its type. Because of its greater age, Renoir displays more of the effects of tectonics and later impact events than the other peak ring impact basins. It is thought to have formed at the end of the period with the highest meteor impact rates in Mercury's history. Located in the Kuiper quadrangle, it is classified as a "multiringed basin". Renoir also has an area of high reflectance, classified as a plain, resulting from previous volcanic activity on the planet. Along with Rachmaninoff, it is one of two basins on Mercury with a high-reflectance plain located entirely within the central peak ring. 
Renoir has a concentric ring structure, meaning that it is also called a "concentric ring basin". Its interior rim is distinct, however, similar basins usually have a more distinct outer rim than inner rim. Basins like Renoir are known for having deep valleys in and around them. Mercury's lower radius and mass compared to other bodies like Mars mean that its basins - including Renoir and Rodin - have a greater diameter; consequently, the multi-ring basins on bodies like the Moon, including basins like Hertzsprung and Mare Orientale, are even larger than those on Mercury.

</doc>
<doc id="36758640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758640" title="José de la Riva-Agüero y Looz Corswaren">
José de la Riva-Agüero y Looz Corswaren

José Carlos Fulgencio Pedro Regalado de la Riva-Agüero y Looz Corswarem (Brussels, Belgium, 25 May 1827 – Lima, Peru, 16 August 1881) was a Peruvian politician and diplomat.
He was the son of José de la Riva Agüero, Marquess of Montealegre de Aulestia, first President of Peru, and the Princess Caroline Arnoldine Looz Corswarem.
Member of the Civilista Party, was Finance Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs and President of the Senate of the Republic of Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36758641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758641" title="Henry &amp; Elizabeth Parker Chipman House">
Henry &amp; Elizabeth Parker Chipman House

Henry & Elizabeth Parker Chipman House on E. 300 N. in American Fork, Utah was built in 1897. It has also been known as the James E. & Eliza C. Peters House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010. The listing included two contributing buildings.
It includes Tudor Revival, Late Victorian, and English Cottage architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="36758645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758645" title="Maldives Post">
Maldives Post

Maldives Post Limited is the national post office of the Maldive Islands.
The company offers a range of postal services including the Express Mail Service and a Money Order service.

</doc>
<doc id="36758654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758654" title="Rigidity matroid">
Rigidity matroid

In the mathematics of structural rigidity, a rigidity matroid is a matroid that describes the number of degrees of freedom of an undirected graph with rigid edges of fixed lengths, embedded into Euclidean space. In a rigidity matroid for a graph with "n" vertices in "d"-dimensional space, a set of edges that defines a subgraph with "k" degrees of freedom has matroid rank "dn" − "k". A set of edges is independent if and only if, for every edge in the set, removing the edge would increase the number of degrees of freedom of the remaining subgraph.
Definition.
A "framework" is an undirected graph, embedded into "d"-dimensional Euclidean space by providing a "d"-tuple of Cartesian coordinates for each vertex of the graph. From a framework with "n" edges and "m" vertices, one can define a matrix with "m" rows and "nd" columns, an expanded version of the incidence matrix of the graph called the "rigidity matrix". In this matrix, the entry in row "e" and column ("v","i") is zero if "v" is not an endpoint of edge "e". If, on the other hand, edge "e" has vertices "u" and "v" as endpoints, then the value of the entry is the difference between the "i"th coordinates of "v" and "u".
The rigidity matroid of the given framework is a linear matroid that has as its elements the edges of the graph. A set of edges is independent, in the matroid, if it corresponds to a set of rows of the rigidity matrix that is linearly independent. A framework is called "generic" if the coordinates of its vertices are algebraically independent real numbers. Any two generic frameworks on the same graph "G" determine the same rigidity matroid, regardless of their specific coordinates. This is the ("d"-dimensional) rigidity matroid of "G".
Statics.
A "load" on a framework is a system of forces on the vertices (represented as vectors). A "stress" is a special case of a load, in which equal and opposite forces are applied to the two endpoints of each edge (which may be imagined as a spring) and the forces formed in this way are added at each vertex. Every stress is an "equilibrium load", a load that does not impose any translational force on the whole system (the sum of its force vectors is zero) nor any rotational force. A linear dependence among the rows of the rigidity matrix may be represented as a "self-stress", a assignment of equal and opposite forces to the endpoints of each edge that is not identically zero but that adds to zero at every vertex. Thus, a set of edges forms an independent set in the rigidity matroid if and only if it has no self-stress.
The vector space of all possible loads, on a system of "n" vertices, has dimension "dn", among which the equilibrium loads form a subspace of dimension
formula_1. An independent set in the rigidity matroid has a system of equilibrium loads whose dimension equals the cardinality of the set, so the maximum rank that any set in the matroid can have is formula_1. If a set has this rank, it follows that its set of stresses is the same as the space of equilibrium loads. Alternatively and equivalently, in this case every equilibrium load on the framework may be "resolved" by a stress that generates an equal and opposite set of forces, and the framework is said to be statically rigid.
Kinematics.
If the vertices of a framework are in a motion, then that motion may be described over small scales of distance by its gradient, a vector for each vertex specifying its speed and direction. The gradient describes a linearized approximation to the actual motion of the points, in which each point moves at constant velocity in a straight line. The gradient may be described as a row vector that has one real number coordinate for each pair formula_3 where formula_4 is a vertex of the framework and formula_5 is the index of one of the Cartesian coordinates of formula_6-dimensional space; that is, the dimension of the gradient is the same as the width of the rigidity matrix.
If the edges of the framework are assumed to be rigid bars that can neither expand nor contract (but can freely rotate) then any motion respecting this rigidity must preserve the lengths of the edges: the derivative of length, as a function of the time over which the motion occurs, must remain zero. This condition may be expressed in linear algebra as a constraint that the gradient vector of the motion of the vertices must have zero inner product with the row of the rigidity matrix that represents the given edge. Thus, the family of gradients of (infinitesimally) rigid motions is given by the nullspace of the rigidity matrix. For frameworks that are not in generic position, it is possible that some infinitesimally rigid motions (vectors in the nullspace of the rigidity matrix) are not the gradients of any continuous motion, but this cannot happen for generic frameworks.
A rigid motion of the framework is a motion such that, at each point in time, the framework is congruent to its original configuration. Rigid motions include translations and rotations of Euclidean space; the gradients of rigid motions form a linear space having the translations and rotations as bases, of dimension formula_7, which must always be a subspace of the nullspace of the rigidity matrix.
Because the nullspace always has at least this dimension, the rigidity matroid can have rank at most formula_1, and when it does have this rank the only motions that preserve the lengths of the edges of the framework are the rigid motions. In this case the framework is said to be first-order (or infinitesimally) rigid. More generally, an edge formula_9 belongs to the matroid closure operation of a set formula_10 if and only if there does not exist a continuous motion of the framework that changes the length of formula_9 but leaves the lengths of the edges in formula_10 unchanged.
Although defined in different terms (column vectors versus row vectors, or forces versus motions) static rigidity and first-order rigidity reduce to the same properties of the underlying matrix and therefore coincide with each other. In two dimensions, the generic rigidity matroid also describes the number of degrees of freedom of a different kind of motion, in which each edge is constrained to stay parallel to its original position rather than being constrained to maintain the same length; however, the equivalence between rigidity and parallel motion breaks down in higher dimensions.
Unique realization.
A framework has a "unique realization" in "d"-dimensional space if every placement of the same graph with the same edge lengths is congruent to it. Such a framework must necessarily be rigid, because otherwise there exists a continuous motion bringing it to a non-congruent placement with the same edge lengths, but unique realizability is stronger than rigidity. For instance, the diamond graph (two triangles sharing an edge) is rigid in two dimensions, but it is not uniquely realizable because it has two different realizations, one in which the triangles are on opposite sides of the shared edge and one in which they are both on the same side. Uniquely realizable graphs are important in applications that involve reconstruction of shapes from distances, such as triangulation in land surveying, the determination of the positions of the nodes in a wireless sensor network, and the reconstruction of conformations of molecules via nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy.
Bruce Hendrickson defined a graph to be "redundantly rigid" if it remains rigid after removing any one of its edges. In matroidal terms, this means that the rigidity matroid has the full rank formula_1 and that the matroid does not have any coloops. Hendrickson
proved that every uniquely realizable framework (with generic edge lengths) is either a complete graph or a formula_14-vertex-connected, redundantly rigid graph, and he conjectured that this is an exact characterization of the uniquely realizable frameworks. The conjecture is true for one and two dimensions; in the one-dimensional case, for instance, a graph is uniquely realizable if and only if it is connected and bridgeless. However, Henrickson's conjecture is false for three or more dimensions. For frameworks that are not generic, it is NP-hard to determine whether a given framework is uniquely realizable.
Relation to sparsity.
By similar reasoning, a set of edges that is both independent and rigid forms a formula_21-tight graph. For instance, in one dimension, the independent sets form the edge sets of forests, (1,1)-sparse graphs, and the independent rigid sets form the edge sets of trees, (1,1)-tight graphs. In this case the rigidity matroid of a framework is the same as the graphic matroid of the corresponding graph.
In two dimensions, showed that the same characterization is true: the independent sets form the edge sets of (2,3)-sparse graphs and the independent rigid sets form the edge sets of (2,3)-tight graphs. Based on this work the (2,3)-tight graphs (the graphs of minimally rigid generic frameworks in two dimensions) have come to be known as Laman graphs. The family of Laman graphs on a fixed set of formula_16 vertices forms the set of bases of the rigidity matroid of a complete graph, and more generally for every graph formula_24 that forms a rigid framework in two dimensions, the spanning Laman subgraphs of formula_24 are the bases of the rigidity matroid of formula_24.
However, in higher dimensions not every formula_21-tight graph is minimally rigid, and characterizing the minimally rigid graphs (the bases of the rigidity matroid of the complete graph) is an important open problem.

</doc>
<doc id="36758657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758657" title="Bloody Mary (Nerve Endings)">
Bloody Mary (Nerve Endings)

"Bloody Mary (Nerve Endings)", often referred to as just "Bloody Mary", is an indie rock song performed by American alternative rock music group Silversun Pickups. The song was written by Silversun Pickups, and produced by Jacknife Lee. It serves as the lead-off single to their third studio album, "Neck of the Woods", which was released on May 8, 2012. The song reached the top ten of the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart in May 2012, peaking at number seven in June.
Music video.
A music video directed by James Frost of The Automatic was released for the song on May 29, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36758664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758664" title="List of Historic Sites of Japan (Miyagi)">
List of Historic Sites of Japan (Miyagi)

This list is of the Historic Sites of Japan located within the Prefecture of Miyagi.
National Historic Sites.
As of 1 August 2013, thirty-five sites have been designated as being of national significance (including one *Special Historic Site); the Dewa Sendai Kaidō Nakayamagoe Pass spans the prefectural borders with Yamagata.
Prefectural Historic Sites.
As of 1 May 2013, fifteen sites have been designated as being of prefectural importance.
Municipal Historic Sites.
As of 1 May 2013, a further two hundred and fifty-six sites have been designated as being of municipal importance.

</doc>
<doc id="36758666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758666" title="Pat Kesi">
Pat Kesi

Pat Kesi (born September 10, 1973) is a former American football offensive linemen. He played college ball at Washington. His hometown is Las Vegas, Nevada.
College career.
While attending Washington, Kesi received the nickname "Calves" due to his massive 22-inch calves. As a junior and senior he started all 11 games. While a sophomore he played in all 11 games and started 3. He was part of the offensive line that paved the way for Napoleon Kaufman's record breaking 1,890-yard rushing season.
Pro-career.
Kesi was undrafted on the 1996 NFL Draft. However, that same year he was signed by the Oakland Raiders. In 1997 he was originally signed by the Dallas Cowboys where he was mentored under Mark Tuinei. Tuinei even gave Pat some free shoes due to the fact that Kesi did not have a shoe contract at the time. Green Bay Packers and was a member of the special teams making 4 tackles in 6 games. He was released by the Packers and was signed by the Philadelphia Eagles. Again he played special teams and earned the special teams player spot on Pro-Football Weekly's all-rookie team. He was released by the Eagles at the conclusion of the season. In 2000 he was the 188th pick in the XFL Draft by the Las Vegas Outlaws.
Personal.
He was born in American Samoa to father Sinuka and mother Flonda. He has two brothers and two sisters. He attended Farrington High School where he played for coach Edward Diaz. Besides football, he competed in track where he threw the shot put and discus. At Washington his majored in Ethic Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="36758674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758674" title="Igors Miglinieks">
Igors Miglinieks

Igors Miglinieks (born 4 May 1964 in Riga, Latvian SSR, USSR) is a retired Soviet and Latvian basketball player. He played as a shooting guard. Miglinieks won a gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, becoming the first Latvian basketball player to win the gold medal at the Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36758683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758683" title="Duke Franz Joseph in Bavaria">
Duke Franz Joseph in Bavaria

Duke Franz Joseph of Bavaria, full German name: "Franz Joseph Michael Karl Maria Evaristus Quirinus Ottokar Herzog in Bayern"
(23 March 1888, Schloss Tegernsee, Kingdom of Bavaria – 23 September 1912, Munich, Kingdom of Bavaria) was a Duke in Bavaria and member of the House of Wittelsbach. Franz Joseph was the tenth and youngest child of Duke Karl-Theodor in Bavaria and his wife Infanta Maria Josepha of Portugal. Franz Joseph was the brother of Duke Ludwig Wilhelm in Bavaria and sisters Duchess Amalie in Bavaria, Duchess Sophie in Bavaria, Duchess Elisabeth in Bavaria and Duchess Marie Gabrielle in Bavaria.
Life.
He was the youngest son of Duke Karl-Theodor in Bavaria and his second wife Infanta Maria Josepha of Portugal, born in 1888 and was the brother of Queen Elisabeth of Belgium and Princess Marie Gabrielle of Bavaria. 
The Duke was a first lieutenant in Kaiser Wilhelm’s own regiment of Uhlans, and a special instructor in the royal military riding academy in Munich. His horsemanship won him many prizes in German riding competitions.
In America.
He visited the US in 1910 and hunted grizzly bears though the US press speculated on a possible American match (so popular at the time). The speculation was furthered when Franz Joseph commented on his cousin Miguel's lovely American bride, Anita Stewart. He also told the papers nothing would 'stand in the way' of an American match though that wasn't the purpose of the visit. Before heading out west, he was widely feted in East Coast society.
Duke Franz Josef also spent time in New York City, where he stayed at the Plaza, and he was the "most-talked-about nobleman" to visit the USA since Prince Henry of Prussia. Franz did not stand on ceremony. He liked to stroll about the city without his "suite of servants." He took in boxing matches, "took a look behind the scenes in the leading Broadway comic operas." He commented as being "highly pleased" with American chorus girls. The local media hailed the duke as "the most democratic nobleman that had ever landed in New York." Franz Josef was introduced to numerous American debutantes, but left the country without "tales of romance." He explained that he could not marry an American "unless he chose to lose his standing in the ducal family at home."
Franz Joseph died of polio in 1912, the very same year as his sisters Marie Gabrielle and Amélie, which made this year quite an "annus horribilis" for the Wittelsbach family. He was only 24 years old at the time of his death.

</doc>
<doc id="36758691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758691" title="Cēzars Ozers">
Cēzars Ozers

Cēzars Ozers (born 11 February 1937) is a retired Soviet and Latvian basketball player. He played as a point guard. Ozers won a silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36758694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758694" title="Fursy Teyssier">
Fursy Teyssier

Fursy Teyssier is a French songwriter, singer, multi-instrumentalist musician, album cover artist and animated film director. He is most known for being the creator, leader, guitarist, bass guitarist and lead vocalist of shoegazing band Les Discrets. He is currently live bass guitarist for Empyrium. He is also the former guitarist and bass guitarist of Amesoeurs, and the former live bassist of Alcest (he also composed and performed "Abysses" in "Écailles de Lune").
As a cover artist, he made cover arts for most albums of Alcest and Les Discrets, and for various other bands, including Agalloch and Morbid Angel. He also directed several animated short films.

</doc>
<doc id="36758715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758715" title="Epsilon Equulei">
Epsilon Equulei

Equulei Epsilon is a star system of apparent magnitude +5.23 in the constellation of Equuleus . It is located 176 light years away from the Solar System .
Components A and B.
These two stars make up the brighter part of the Equulei Epsilon star system. They are called Epsilon Equulei A and B and are subgiants of spectral type of F7IV and F5IV respectively. Epsilon Equulei A has a surface temperature of about 6500 K and its luminosity is 11.1 times that of the Sun. The star measures 2.6 solar radii in radius and has a mass 60% greater than the Sun. Meanwhile, Epsilon Equulei B has a temperature of 6300 K and is 7.8 times more luminous than the Sun Its radius is 2.3 times larger than the Sun, and may have a mass of about 1.55 solar masses.
The orbital period of this binary is 101.5 years. Although the average separation between the two stars is 35 AU, the orbit is remarkably eccentric so that the separation between the two varies between 10 and 60 AU. The last periastron was in 1920 and the next will be in 2121.
Finally, it is thought that Epsilon Equulei A may be, in turn, a spectroscopic binary. The orbital period of the latter would be 2.03 days.
Components C and D.
Approximately 10 seconds of arc A,B torque can see a star, though this star makes the second star system called Epsilon Equulei C (HIP 103571 / BD +03 4473C), of magnitude 7.3. Type is a star G0V whose binary separation is equal to or greater than 665 AU, implying an orbital period of over 7500 years.
A fourth star, Epsilon Equulei D (BD +03 4473D), completes the star system. 12.4 magnitude, its separation from the bright AB pair is over 4300 AU.
The system Equulei Epsilon has an approximate age of 2200 million years.
External links.
This article is based on the Spanish version.

</doc>
<doc id="36758721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758721" title="Lists of mountains">
Lists of mountains

Lists of mountains can be organized by continent and more specifically by country and province/state:
South America.
The standard list for the major peaks of the Andes is the list of 6000m peaks as first compiled by John Biggar in 1996 and listed in his Andes guidebook. This list currently stands at 102 peaks, with no known completers.

</doc>
<doc id="36758729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758729" title="Erin Elizabeth Smith">
Erin Elizabeth Smith

Erin Elizabeth Smith is an American poet, editor, publisher, and educator.
Biography.
Smith, originally from Lexington, South Carolina, holds a B.A. in English from Binghamton University, an M.F.A. in Poetry from the University of Illinois, and a Ph.D. in Literature and Creative Writing from the University of Southern Mississippi. She currently teaches creative writing and literature at the University of Tennessee. She is the author of two full-length poetry collections as well as a chapbook. Smith lives in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, where she coordinates weekend workshops for writers in the Knoxville area.
In 1999, Smith founded "Stirring: A Literary Collection", now one of the oldest continually-published literary journals on the internet. A year later, she founded Sundress Publications, a literary organization that publishes several online journals as well as chapbooks and full-length poetry collections in both print and electronic formats. Since 2006, Smith has edited the "Best of the Net Anthology", also published by Sundress.
Bibliography.
Poetry Collections.
Chapbook

</doc>
<doc id="36758770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758770" title="Vidadi Isgandarov">
Vidadi Isgandarov

Vidadi Isgandarov is an Azerbaijani human rights activist and politician.
Isgandarov stood unsuccessfully for office in the 2010 Azerbaijani parliamentary election representing the rayons of Agdash and Goychay. In November 2010, the government of Azerbaijan opened a criminal investigation of Isgandarov for "prevention of voting rights by threatening, using force" (article 159.4.1 of the Criminal Code) and "interfering or influencing the work of the election commissions by threatening, using force or threatening to use force" (article 160.2.1 of the Criminal Code). According to Amnesty International, the charges were later dropped due to lack of evidence, but were reinstated in May 2011, one month after Isgandarov was arrested at an anti-government rally on 17 April. After the rally, he was sentenced to fifteen days' administrative imprisonment for an "attempt to hold protest action".
A new arrest warrant was issued for Isganadarov on 3 May 2011, one day after he was scheduled to be released from detention. On 27 August, Isganadarov was sentenced to three years' imprisonment for the vote-tampering charges. Amnesty protested the sentence and designated him a prisoner of conscience. The Council of Bars and Law Societies of Europe also wrote to Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev calling for Isganadarov's immediate release. The International Federation for Human Rights condemned the sentence as part of a pattern of "constant judicial harassment".

</doc>
<doc id="36758782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758782" title="Zhou Ruchang">
Zhou Ruchang

Zhou Ruchang (周汝昌, Wade-Giles: Chou Ju-ch’ang, April 14, 1918 – May 31, 2012), was a Chinese writer who is renowned for his extensive scholarship on the novel "Dream of the Red Chamber" by Cao Xueqin. He is regarded as among the most renowned and influential redologists of the 20th century. In addition, Zhou was also an accomplished calligrapher and expert on traditional Chinese poetry and fiction.
Early life.
He was born in Tianjin, China on April 14, 1918, the youngest of five brothers. His father was a scholar and a government official. His first exposure to "Honglou meng" was through his mother, who he said read it to him when he was a child. Later an uncle gave him a copy of the novel. He received an excellent early education in the Chinese classics, and then studied English in the Department of Western Languages and Literature at Yenching University in Beijing. There he impressed his foreign teachers with his impressive English ability, wrote poetry, and translated British poetry into Chinese. His translations of the Romantic age poet Percy Bysshe Shelley greatly impressed the noted scholar and novelist 钱钟书 Qian Zhongshu. The renowned scholar, philosopher, and redologist Hu Shih 胡 适, who called Zhou his best student, was so taken by Zhou’s ability that he loaned him his prized 1754 manuscript copy of "Honglou Meng" for study. After graduation, Zhou taught English at Sichuan University for a short time before returning to Beijing where he worked at the People’s Publishing House researching classical Chinese literature.
Career.
In 1953, Zhou published his first and most famous work "Honglou Meng Xinzheng" 红楼梦新证 ("New Evidence on Dream of the Red Chamber"), a comprehensive 400,000 word study of the life of Cao Xueqin and his unique family. Zhou later stated that he read 1,000 books for this study and conducted research in government archives and the Forbidden City. This book had a major influence upon the study of "Honglou Meng" ("Redology") and established Zhou’s reputation as one of its foremost scholars. The famous Yale University sinologist Jonathan Spence has called this book “a work of such subtlety and meticulous scholarship that it is hard to fault… His book is a brilliant work of research on the Ts’ao family background, as well as being a mine of information.” Wu Shih Ch’ang, the author of "On the Red Dream: A Critical Study of Two Annotated Manuscripts of the 18th Century", the first book to appear on Honglou Meng in English, wrote that Zhou’s study “dwarfed all the previous works on this subject. That a bulky academic work of such serious nature should have sold three impressions amounting to 17,000 copies within four months (Sept. - Dec. 1953) is itself a fair comment on the merit of Zhou’s book. The present author is indebted to Mr. Chou for his painstaking collection of invaluable materials from sources normally inaccessible to the public.” In the book, Zhou advanced the thesis that "Honglou Meng" was largely autobiographical and reflected Cao Xueqin’s own tragic family history as Han bondservants who were attached to a Manchu Banner group. 
In 1968 during the height of the Cultural Revolution, Zhou’s research papers were confiscated and he was sent to the countryside in Hubei province to tend a vegetable plot for “reeducation.” In 1970, he was rehabilitated and transferred back to Beijing. Although his eyesight and hearing were failing, Zhou spent the remainder of his life prolifically writing and giving lectures on "Honglou Meng". He was also associated with the Chinese Ministry of Culture, and a Tenured Researcher in the Art Research Institute of China.
Zhou also had a major interest in Western perceptions of "Honglou Meng" and in the English translation history of the novel. He strongly believed that it was very important that Westerners be acquainted with this novel because he thought that reading it was the best and easiest way for them to learn about Chinese culture. At one stage in his life, he seriously considered translating "Dream of the Red Chamber" into English. In the 1980s, he was a visiting scholar at the University of Wisconsin, a Luce Scholar, and lectured at several American universities, including Princeton and Columbia. Zhou also gave several well-received lectures on "Honglou Meng" to foreigners in Beijing in 2002. In 2005, he wrote an article for a special issue of the international comparative literature journal, the "Tamkang Review", which was devoted exclusively to the novel. In 2009, he penned a special introduction to the English translation of his 1992 book "Cao Xueqin Xin Zhuan" 曹雪芹新传 (A New Biography of Cao Xueqin). 
Zhou Ruchang remained passionate about "Honglou Meng" and to the end of his life closely kept up with the research being done on it. His highly informative and captivating lectures, which were delivered without notes on China Central Television’s Lecture Room program, made him well known throughout China. He published more than 60 books, including a massive 10 volume study of the different manuscript versions of the novel, an expanded two volume second edition of his first book "Honglou Meng Xinzheng", a "Dream of the Red Chamber" dictionary, several biographies of Cao Xueqin (including a children’s book), collections of essays on the novel, and his own reconstruction of the story’s original first 80 chapters. In his 2005 work "He Jia Bao-yu Duihua" 和贾宝玉对话 ("A Dialogue with Jia Bao-yu"), Zhou has an imaginary extended discussion with the novel’s protagonist Jia Bao-yu about "Honglou Meng". While not all of his views about the novel were widely accepted, his research about Cao Xueqin and his family was universally recognized as being groundbreaking. Although Zhou formally belonged to the investigative studies school of redology, he disagreed with the drawing of clear boundaries between different scholarly approaches to "Honglou Meng". He held that different camps should ultimately compliment and not oppose each other.
Zhou also published works on calligraphy, several autobiographies, a widely used dictionary to help high school students understand Tang and Song dynasty poetry, a history of Beijing, and special editions of the poems of the Song dynasty poets 范成大 Fan Chengda and 杨万里 Yang Wanli. He continued to work right up to the end of his long life. One week before his death, he was dictating to his daughter the outline of his next book. Zhou died in his modest, book-cluttered apartment in east Beijing in the early morning of May 31, 2012, at the age of 94.

</doc>
<doc id="36758798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758798" title="Juris Kalniņš">
Juris Kalniņš

Juris Kalniņš (8 March 1938 – 9 February 2010) was a Soviet and Latvian basketball player. He played as a shooting guard and small forward. Kalniņš won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal at the 1963 World Champs and a gold at the 1963 European Champs.

</doc>
<doc id="36758804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758804" title="2012 Coates Hire Ipswich 300">
2012 Coates Hire Ipswich 300

The 2012 Coates Hire Ipswich 300 was a motor race for the Australian sedan-based V8 Supercars. It was the eighth event of the 2012 International V8 Supercars Championship. It was held on the weekend of 3–5 August at Queensland Raceway, in Ipswich, Queensland.
Craig Lowndes clean-swept the event, leading to five-straight victories at this circuit and this event. The results of the two races were remarkable similar with Lowndes, Mark Winterbottom and Jamie Whincup completing the podium in order in both races. Fabian Coulthard, Will Davison and Russell Ingall shared fourth to sixth in different orders. Shane Van Gisbergen was seventh in both races while Michael Caruso and Tim Slade shared eight and ninth. With Lowndes winning and Winterbottom finishing ahead of Whincup the top four positions in the championship chase tightened will pulling further away from the rest of the field.
Canadian Formula One world champion Jacques Villeneuve again performed a fill-in role, substituting for Greg Murphy for the second time while Murphy recovered from back surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="36758830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758830" title="Anton Õunapuu">
Anton Õunapuu

Anton Õunapuu VR II/3 (7 November 1887 - 2 April 1919) was an Estonian PE teacher and the founder of the Boy Scouts movement in Estonia.
Early life and work as a PE teacher.
Anton Õunapuu was born as a son of a farmer near Vändra in 1887. He started his studies in Vaki Municipality School (1897–1901) and graduatuated from Vändra Parish School in 1903. Studied in the Gymnastics Institute of University of Helsinki with the support of Estonian Sports Association Kalev. He graduated in 1913 and returned to Estonia.
From 1913 until 1918 he worked as a PE teacher in numerous schools in Tallinn, most notably in Tallinn Secondary School of Science (Tallinna Reaalkool) and in Tallinn Secondary School of Commerce (Tallinna Kommertskool). 
The first Boy Scout squads in Estonia were formed during 1916 in these schools, mainly due to the work of Anton Õunapuu. From these squads the first Tallinn Troop of Boy Scouts was formed.
Before and during the Estonian War of Independence.
In 1917 Õunapuu formed a Student Home Guard Squad, which consisted of 340 of his students, of which 82 were boy scouts. Õunapuu's squad protected Estonian Salvation Committee on the 24th of February 1918 during the proclamation of Estonian Independence. During the German Occupation Õunapuu organized an underground squad of Estonian Defence League. On 16 December 1918 he was promoted to serve as the commander of the pioneer company of Kalevlaste Malev. He was wounded in the battle of Järveküla, near Narva.
Death.
Anton Õunapuu fell in the battles for Petseri County on 2 April 1919. He was posthumously awarded Cross of Liberty (Grade II, Class 3) - "For Personal Courage". He was buried to Vändra Cemetery on 9 April 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="36758837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758837" title="Kalaba, Nevşehir">
Kalaba, Nevşehir

Kalaba is a town in Nevşehir Province, Turkey.
Geography.
Kalaba is a town in Avanos district of Niğde Province. At it is situated on Turkish state highway . Its distance to Avanos is and to Nevşehjir is . The population of Kalaba was 4730 as of 2011 
History.
According to mayor's page, Kalaba was founded in 1800s. The former name "Karayusuf Höyüğü" refers to the founder of the settlement. But later it was renamed as Kalaba. In 1972 it was seclared a seat of township.
Economy.
Major economic activities are agriculture and animal breeding. Main crops are creals and sunflower. Nevşehir Cement factory is situated to the east of Kalaba and some town residents work in the factory. Also many Kalaba residents work in West Europe as foreign worker ("Gastarbeiter")

</doc>
<doc id="36758852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758852" title="Simple Songs">
Simple Songs

Simple Songs is the eighth album by Steve Bell. The album won the Juno Award for Best Gospel Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2001. 
"Simple Songs" also won the award for Outstanding Christian Recording at the 2001 Prairie Music Awards. Steve Bell and Dave Zeglinski shared the Outstanding Producer award for the album.
Related.
Song Book, "Simple Songs" (2000)
Track listing.
Words and music by Steve Bell except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="36758857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758857" title="Iben Sandemose">
Iben Sandemose

Iben Sandemose (born 1950) is a Norwegian illustrator, children's writer, playwright and biographer. She was born in Oslo, and is the granddaughter of Aksel Sandemose. Among her children's books is "Vingemus og kattejammer" from 1987, and "Ringeren & Notre Madame" from 1994, which was adapted for theatre and staged at Centralteatret in 1994. She was awarded Teskjekjerringprisen in 2011. She is represented with her art works at Riksgalleriet and at the National Gallery of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36758866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758866" title="Robert Rodriguez (disambiguation)">
Robert Rodriguez (disambiguation)

Robert Rodriguez (born 1968) is an American film director and screenwriter.
Robert Rodriguez may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36758879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758879" title="Giacinto Diano">
Giacinto Diano

Giacinto Diano or Diana (Pozzuoli, 28 March 1731 – Naples, 13 August 1803) was an Italian painter, active in Southern Italy. 
He trained in the studio of Francesco De Mura. Giacinto worked briefly in Rome with Anton Raphael Mengs. then moved to Naples to stay in 1752. he contributed paintings to a chapel in San Pietro ad Aram and in the church of the Nunziata. Among his pupils was Gaetano Gigante.

</doc>
<doc id="36758881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758881" title="List of Scottish Football League stadiums">
List of Scottish Football League stadiums

From the foundation of the Scottish Football League in 1890, the competition has been played out in a wide variety of stadiums, ranging from the giant stadiums of Glasgow giants Celtic and Rangers to the intimate surroundings of Cliftonhill and Dumbarton Football Stadium, with capacities of just over 2000.
Founding Members, 1890-1891.
Stadiums marked in bold are the stadiums used during the inaugural season of the Scottish Football League

</doc>
<doc id="36758910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758910" title="2012 Sydney Motorsport Park 360">
2012 Sydney Motorsport Park 360

The 2012 Sydney Motorsport Park 360 was a motor race for the Australian sedan-based V8 Supercars. It was the ninth event of the 2012 International V8 Supercars Championship. It was held on the weekend of 25–26 August at the Sydney Motorsport Park, in Eastern Creek, New South Wales.
It was the first V8 Supercars event held at the circuit since 2008, when the circuit was known as Eastern Creek Raceway. The V8 Supercars used the traditional 3.93km Gardner Circuit as opposed to the new 4.7km Brabham Circuit. It was also the first of three events held in New South Wales and the last before the endurance races (the Sandown 500, Bathurst 1000 and Gold Coast 600).

</doc>
<doc id="36758923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36758923" title="Can't Pay? Won't Pay!">
Can't Pay? Won't Pay!

"Can't Pay? Won't Pay! (Italian: Non Si Paga! Non Si Paga!, also translated We Can't Pay? We Won't Pay! and Low Pay? Don't Pay!") is play originally written in Italian by Dario Fo. Regarded as Fo's best-known play internationally after "Morte accidentale di un anarchico", it had been performed in 35 countries by 1990.
Considered a Marxist, political farce, it is one of Fo's most famous plays. A comedy about consumer backlash against high prices, Fo wrote it in 1974.
It was first translated into English in 1975 by Lino Pertile. A North American English-language adaptation of the play was created by R. G. Davies around 1984. The American premiere was performed by the San Francisco Mime Troupe.
The title of the original English translation, "Can't Pay? Won't Pay!", has passed into the English language.

</doc>
