<doc id="36845008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845008" title="History of the Jews in Hamburg">
History of the Jews in Hamburg

The history of the Jews in Hamburg in Germany, is recorded from at least 1590 on. The Jews of Hamburg have lived primarily in the Jewish neighbourhoods of Grindel and Jungferstieg, where the Sephardic Community „Newe Salom“ was established in 1652. Since 1612 there have been toleration agreements with the senate. Also Reformed Dutch merchants and Anglican Britons made similar agreements before. In these agreements the Jews were not permitted to live in the inner City, though were also not required to live in ghettos.
Since 1600, also German Jews settled in Hamburg. But in 1649 these ashkenazi Jews were driven out of the city. From then on only sephardi Jews were permitted to live in Hamburg.
Around 1925, about 20,000 Jews lived in Hamburg. When the Nazis came to power, most synagogues were destroyed and soon the associated communities also were dissolved. In 1945, a Jewish community was founded by survivors of the Shoah. And finally in 1960 the new Synagogue "Hohe Weide" was built.
Origins.
The Jewish Community in Hamburg, began with the establishment of Sephardic Jewish from Spain and Antwerp. They came around 1577, as they were expelled from Spain. Before the destruction of the Jewish community by the Nazis, Eimsbüttel was the center of Jewish life in Hamburg. There were several synagogues, the most famous were the "Neue Dammtor-Synagoge" (1895), the "Bornplatzsynagoge" (1906) and the "Temple in Oberstrasse" (1931).
Haskalah / Jewish emancipation.
Approximately 6,500 Jews lived 1800 in Hamburg. Thus they represented a share of 6 percent of the total population. This was the largest Jewish community in Germany. Because Altona and Wandsbek were dissolved in 1812 by a French decree 1821 the "German-Israelite Community" was founded in Hamburg.
The decisive assistance in the fight for equal rights came because in the elections 1848 the Jews had voting rights. To get those votes, two opposing groups promised them equal rights. Then, in February 1849, they received all citizens rights and integration began.
Holocaust.
The Neuengamme concentration camp was established in 1938 by the SS near the village of Neuengamme in the Bergedorf district of Hamburg.
Many Hamburg Jews are commemortaed by Stolperstein.

</doc>
<doc id="36845013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845013" title="Upsilon Cygni">
Upsilon Cygni

Upsilon Cygni (υ Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.21.

</doc>
<doc id="36845028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845028" title="Phi Cygni">
Phi Cygni

Phi Cygni (φ Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.63.

</doc>
<doc id="36845032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845032" title="Ghib">
Ghib

Ghib (, also Romanized as Ghīb) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845054" title="Omega1 Cygni">
Omega1 Cygni

Omega1 Cygni (ω1 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.94.

</doc>
<doc id="36845063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845063" title="Shabab, Iran">
Shabab, Iran

Shabab (, also Romanized as Shabāb; also known as Shahrak-e Shabāb) is a city in Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,363, in 693 families. The city was upgraded from a village and was chosen to be the capital city of Shabab District which was established on June 30, 2013 on the same date. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845070" title="Iota Cygni">
Iota Cygni

The Bayer designation Iota Cygni (ι Cyg / ι Cygni) is shared by two stars, in the constellation Cygnus:

</doc>
<doc id="36845073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845073" title="Daniel Peinado">
Daniel Peinado

Daniel Peinado is a retired Argentine association football player. He played professionally Argentina, Columbia and Major League Soccer.
In 1986, Peinado began his career with Estudiantes de la Plata in 1986. In 1993, he moved to Club Atlético Lanús. In 1996, he went on loan to América de Cali. On January 23, 1997, Major League Soccer signed Peinado and assigned him to the Dallas Burn. On April 26, 1997, Peinado set an MLS record when he committed nine fouls in one half against the Los Angeles Galaxy.
He is a manager for Club Sportivo Independiente.

</doc>
<doc id="36845127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845127" title="Pi Draconis">
Pi Draconis

Pi Draconis (π Dra) is a star in the constellation Draco. Its apparent magnitude is 4.58.

</doc>
<doc id="36845130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845130" title="Rumian, Iran">
Rumian, Iran

Rumian (, also Romanized as Rūmīān) is a village in Shabab Rural District, in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845134" title="Table tennis at the 1958 Asian Games">
Table tennis at the 1958 Asian Games

Table tennis was contested at the 1958 Asian Games in Waseda University Gymnasium, Tokyo, Japan from May 25 to 31 May, 1958. Table tennis had team, doubles and singles events for men and women, as well as a mixed doubles competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36845153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845153" title="Klaus Coracino">
Klaus Coracino

Klaus Coracino (8 March 1910 – 12 July 1994) was a highly decorated Hauptmann der Reserve in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36845189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845189" title="Allie Kiick">
Allie Kiick

Alexandra "Allie" Kiick (born June 30, 1995 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) is an American tennis player.
Kiick has won three singles and one doubles title on the ITF tour in her career. On June 16, 2014, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 141. On May 19, 2014, she peaked at world number 214 in the doubles rankings.

</doc>
<doc id="36845198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845198" title="Chunk! No, Captain Chunk!">
Chunk! No, Captain Chunk!

Chunk! No, Captain Chunk!, also known by the acronym C!NCC!, are a French rock band who formed in 2007 in Paris, France. The band consists of and was founded by lead vocalist Bertrand Poncet, drummer Jonathan Donnaes, bassist Mathias Rigal, and guitarists Paul Wilson and Éric Poncet. The band has two studio albums, "Something for Nothing", which was released in 2010 and "Pardon My French" which was released on April 30, 2013.
History.
Formation and "Something for Nothing" (2007–2010).
The band formed in 2007, when Paul Wilson, a guitarist, wished to experiment with blending influences from pop punk with hardcore punk and heavy metal and invited his friends Bertrand Poncet, Jonathan Donnaes and two others to join the band. Shortly after their formation the other two members left and so they asked Bertrand's brother Éric Poncet and close friend Mathias Rigal who despite having no experience as a bass guitarist joined the band. The band name is taken from the scene in 1985 adventure-comedy film The Goonies, in which Chunk and Sloth arrive on the scene to help their friends. Poncet describes the choice of "The Goonies" as a "good childhood reference" and felt the name reflected who the band members are.The band found it difficult to establish a fanbase in their native country of France as there is, in Poncet's opinion, "absolutely no rock scene." They found solace in playing in other countries around Asia, and especially in North America.
On September 2, 2008, the band released their first official single "In Friends We Trust", along with an accompanying music video. On November 1, 2009, the band released their self-produced debut album "Something for Nothing".
Signing to Fearless records and "Pardon My French" (2011–present).
After signing to Fearless Records with a global deal in 2011, they re-released their debut album Something For Nothing on 19 July 2011 The band was confident in their signing with Fearless as they considered them "one of the best labels out there for that kind of music". The re-release featured a brand new album artwork and a different track listing, replacing "MILF" and "Alex Kidd in a Miracle World" with the song "Make Them Believe", which was a Japanese bonus track on the original release. To coincide with the re-release the band released a music video for "Captain Blood", which was overall the second single off the album.
October 2011 Captain Chunk! joined The Artery Foundation's European "Across the Nation" tour headlined by Miss May I. This is the first time Captain Chunk! has performed in the United Kingdom. The tour was well received including Captain Chunk!'s, said to have featured "a downright bizarre and eclectic lineup". In December the band went back to the United States "Fearless Friends Tour", a tour which exclusively features bands from the Fearless Records' roster with Blessthefall, The Word Alive, Motionless In White, and Tonight Alive.
In 2012 Captain Chunk! tour schedule in the United States expanded rapidly, supporting Attack Attack! in late January and February 2012 as part of their on going This Means War album support. Throughout March and April the band also supported deathcore band Chelsea Grin on their debut headline tour "The Sick Tour". Captain Chunk! also was announced for Vans Warped Tour 2012 line-up, the band toured for the entire festival and played on the "Ernie Ball Stage". With their performances as part of the Warped Tour the band contributed the single "In Friends We Trust" to the Warped Tour 2012 Tour Compilation album. During their performances on the Warped Tour the band performed new songs. The band also was the main support for Woe, Is Me on their "Talk Your #?! Tour" across November and December 2012. Although proud of how strong their fanbase in America grew in the year of touring the band found the language barrier and being a new band difficult, Poncet has said that even though the band was taught English in school, they learned more English while actually touring in America.
In January 2013 the band started to record their second album with producer Joey Sturgis in Michigan, United States. Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! performed at the Australian 2013 Soundwave festival performing at all 5 dates in: Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide and Perth between 23 February and 4 March. While they were in Australia for the festival, they performed two club shows with All Time Low and Polar Bear Club. Across March and April the band returned to the United States to support the upcoming release of their second studio album. To coincide with their appearance at Texas based South by So What?! festival they wrapped a short headline tour with support from Handguns, State Champs and City Lights in mid March. The band is also supporting A Day to Remember on the first half of their "Right Back At It Again" tour also featuring Of Mice & Men. The band saw the opportunity to tour with one of their influences as one that couldn't be refused. This led to the band rescheduling all of their American headline tour dates of their 'Pardon My French Tour' with supporting acts For All Those Sleeping, Upon This Dawning and City Lights. The band felt they received a positive reaction from the crowd on the "Right Back At It Again", and that they learned from the other bands on the bill how to give more professional performances.
On April 30th, 2013, the band's second studio album "Pardon My French" was released. The first single off the album was entitled 'Restart'. They played Slam Dunk Festival 2013 in the United Kingdom in May and then completed their first tour of the country in September with "Climates" and "Light You Up".The band then returned to the United States to support a co-headline tour of We Came As Romans and Silverstein in October and then to do their second headline tour of the country with "Counterparts", "State Champs" and "Living With Lions". The band had said that before the end of 2013 they are touring Japan.
The band has said that Europe was their focus for 2014, In which it was announced they would act as main support for "We Came As Romans" along with The Color Morale and Palm Reader in the United Kingdom. The band will appear on Warped Tour 2014 in the United States. In early February, it was announced that the band will make their second appearance in the Punk Goes... series on the Punk Goes 90's 2 album, covering All Star by Smash Mouth. It was also revealed in March that the band will be releasing a music video accompanying the albums release for the song.
On May 13, it was announced that the band will be releasing a deluxe version of their second album Pardon My French, which will feature 3 previously unreleased tracks and an acoustic version Taking Chances, and will be released on June 13.
Musical Style.
Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! is defined by their pop punk sound which is contrasted by their "heavy metal alter ego" and their "growling hardcore". This kind of contrast is summarized by rhythm guitarist Paul Wilson when said the band was "kind of bipolar". The band fuses the up-beat melodies of pop punk with aggressive breakdowns, guitar chugging and lower guitar tunings like Drop Bb to give their music a much heavier sound. Their style has been said to "combine the energy of punk, the catchiness of pop, and the crushing assault of hardcore into a power party sound". Singer Bertrand Poncet has stated that despite the band is French they have an American sound and so write English lyrics. The band's debut album "Something for Nothing" showcases the bands diversity and in band's opinion incorporates elements of "pop punk", "hardcore", "metal", acoustic, indie, and dance music, and shows a diverse blend of singing, death growls and keyboards.
With the style on Pardon My French the band plays on the theme that their music style is Bi-polar. Poncet has stated that 'Bi-polar mind' epitomised their contrasting musical style well saying it featured "the catchiest chorus placed right next to the nastiest breakdown". Rhythm guitarist Paul Wilson stated “I Am Nothing Like You” is the heaviest song they have ever written. 
Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! has been noted by various critics as fusing pop punk, melodic hardcore and metalcore. An eclectic blend of styles known as easycore or "popcore", a style which was pioneered by A Day to Remember and Four Year Strong, bands whom reviewers have made stark comparisons with. But despite the comparison made to bands like A Day to Remember, Four Year Strong, and New Found Glory, the band never intended to sound like these bands and only wanted to apply aggressive musical traits to pop punk. The band has said they are influenced by a variety of styles including but not restricted to dubstep, classical, rock, metal and pop.

</doc>
<doc id="36845219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845219" title="My Rock">
My Rock

My Rock is the second studio album by Canadian reggae band Walk Off the Earth, released on July 30, 2010 through SlapDash Records. It contains two rerecorded, remixed and remastered tracks that originally appeared on Smooth Like Stone on a Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="36845245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845245" title="List of Cheer Athletics Awards and Accomplishments">
List of Cheer Athletics Awards and Accomplishments

Cheer Athletics - Awards and Accomplishments since 1994
1994–1995 Season 01
NCA All-Star Nationals
National Champions – Open Division – CA Texas All Stars
1995–1996 Season 02
NCA All-Star Nationals
2nd Place – Open Division – CA Texas All-Stars
2nd Place – Senior Prep All-star – Tigers
4th Place – Senior All-Star – Panthers
5th Place – Junior All-Star – Jags
1996–1997 Season 03
NCA All-Star Nationals
National Champion – Small Co-Ed – Panthers
2nd Place – Open – CA Texas All-Stars
2nd Place – Junior – Jags
2nd Place – Senior Prep – Tigers
3rd Place – Group Stunt
4th Place – Large Co-Ed – Wildcats
ASC Nationals
Grand Champion – Co-Ed – Wildcats
Grand Champion – Senior – Panthers
Grand Champion – Junior – Jags
National Champion – Large Co-Ed – Wildcats
National Champion – Senior All-Star – Panthers
National Champion – Senior Prep – Tigers
National Champion – Junior – Jags
1997–1998 Season 04
NCA All-Star Nationals
National Champion Junior All-Star – Jags
National Champion Senior Open – Sabres
National Champion Large Co-Ed – Wildcats
National Champion Open Division – Cheetahs
2nd Place Junior Prep – Cats
2nd Place Senior All-Star – Panthers
3rd Place Senior Prep – Tigers
Americheer Nationals
National Champion Junior All-Star
National Champion Sm. Varsity All-Star
ASC Nationals
Grand Champion Senior – Panthers
Grand Champion Senior Dance – Lynx
National Champion Large Co-Ed – WIldcats
National Champion Senior All-Star – Panthers
National Champion Small Co-Ed – Pumas
National Champion Senior Dance – Lynx
National Champion Junior Dance – Leopards
1998–1999 Season 05
NCA All-Star Nationals
National Champion Junior All-Star – Jags
National Champion Large Co-Ed – Wildcats
National Champion Youth – KittyKats
2nd Place Open Division – Cheetahs
2nd Place Small Coed – Pumas
2nd Place Small Junior – Bengals
2nd Place Junior Prep – Cats
3rd Place Senior Prep – Tigers
3rd Place Senior Open – Sabres
NCA Danz Nationals
National Champion Junior Ensemble
UCA All-Star Nationals
National Champion Junior All-Star – Jags
2nd Place Sm. Varsity All-Star
USA Nationals
National Champion Coed All-Star – Wildcats
Americheer Nationals
National Champion Youth All-Star – Cats
National Champion Sm. Varsity All-Star
1999–2000 Season 06
NCA All-Star Nationals
Grand Champion – Jags
National Champion Junior All-Star – Jags
National Champion Small Co-Ed – Pumas
2nd Place Open Division – Cheetahs
2nd Place Youth – Cats
2nd Place Small Junior – Bengals
2nd Place Senior Prep – Tigers
3rd Place Senior – Panthers
3rd Place Large Co-Ed – Wildcats
4th Place Large Senior Open – Sabres
4th Place Junior Prep – Cats
ASC Nationals
3rd Place – Senior Open – Bearcats
3rd Place – Large Junior – Bobcats
3rd Place – Pee Wee – KittyKubs
4th Place – Junior Prep – Cubs
American Open Championships
National Champions – Small Coed – Panthers
2nd Place – Large Junior Division – Jags
2000–2001 Season 07
NCA All-Star Nationals
Grand Champion – Cheetahs
National Champion Open – Cheetahs
National Champion Senior – Panthers
National Champion Lg Junior – Jags
2nd Small Coed – Pumas
2nd Youth – KittyKats
3rd Open – FierceKatz
3rd Small Junior – Thundercats
4th Large Coed – Wildcats
4th Junior Coed – Bengals
5th Junior Prep – Cats
6th Large Senior Open – Sabres
15th Small Senior Open – Tigers
USA Nationals
National Champion – Lg Coed – Wildcats
National Champion – Large Junior – Jags
National Champion – Junior Prep – Cats
ASC Nationals (Southern)
Grand Champion Coed – Wildcats
National Champion – Large Coed – Wildcats
National Champion – Large Junior – Jags
National Champion – Junior Dance – Leopards
3rd Place – Senior Dance – Lynx
3rd Place – Senior Prep – Bearcats
4th Place – Small Junior Prep – Cubs
4th Place – Large Peewee – KittyKubs
4th Place – Mini – Kittens
4th Place – Peewee Dance – Lions
ASC Nationals (Northern)
National Champion – Senior Prep – Bearcats
2nd Place – Junior Prep All-Star – Cubs
7th Place – Youth – KittyKubs
America's Best Nationals
National Champion – Senior All-Star – Panthers
National Champion – Sm. Senior Open – Tigers
National Champion – Junior Coed – Bengals
National Champion – Jr Prep N. – KittyKubs
2nd – Large Senior Open – Sabres
3rd – Youth – Kittens
5th – Senior Prep – 
ASC Nationals
National Champion – Senior – Panthers
National Champion – Junior – Jags
National Champion – Junior Prep – Cats
2nd – Small Coed – Pumas
2nd – Large Coed – Wildcats
2nd – Large Sr. Open – Sabres
2nd – Small Junior – Thundercats
2nd – Youth – KittyKats
2001–2002 Season 08
ACA Nationals
San Antonio, TX – February 2–3, 2002
National Champion – Large Coed – Wildcats
National Champion – Senior – Panthers
National Champion – Large Senior Open – Sabres
National Champion – Senior Prep – Tigers
2nd – Large Junior – Jags
2nd – Large Junior Prep – Cats
2nd – Junior Novice – Thundercats
3rd – Small Coed – Pumas
3rd – Youth – KittyKats
Cheer America Nationals
National Champion – Small Junior – Bengals
National Champion – Junior Prep B – Cubs
National Champion – Mini – Kittens
American Showdown Nationals
Grand National Champion Junior – Jags
Grand National Champion Senior – Panthers
Grand National Champion Coed – Pumas
National Champion Youth Mini – Kittens
National Champion Small Youth Advanced – KittyKats
National Champion Small Junior Advanced – Bengals
National Champion Large Junior Advanced – Jags
National Champion Senior Prep – Tigers
National Champion Large Senior Advanced – Panthers
National Champion Small Coed – Pumas
National Champion Large Coed – Wildcats
3rd Place – Junior Prep Advanced – Cats
NCA All-Star Nationals
Grand National Champion – Tigers
National Champion Open – Cheetahs
National Champion Senior – Panthers
National Champion Senior Prep – Tigers
National Champion Large Junior – Jags
National Champion Small Junior – Bengals
National Champion Junior Prep – Cats
National Champion Novice Junior Prep – Cubs
2nd Small Coed – Pumas
2nd Large Coed – Wildcats
3rd Youth – KittyKats
3rd Open – FierceKatz
3rd Junior Intermediate – Thundercats
4th Novice Youth – Kittens
5th Large Senior Open – Sabres
American Cheer Power Nationals
National Champion Mini A – Kittens
National Champion Elementary A – KittyKats
National Champion Large Junior Prep A – Cats
National Champion Large Junior A – Jags
National Champion Senior Prep A – Tigers
National Champion Small Coed A – Pumas
National Champion Large Coed A- Wildcats
2nd Large Senior Open A – Sabres
2nd Large Junior Coed A – Thundercats
2nd Large Small Junior A – Bengals
7th Elementary B – Cubs
2002–2003 Season 09
NCA All-Star Nationals
Grand National Champion – Panthers
National Champion Large Coed – Wildcats
National Champion Senior – Panthers
National Champion Large Junior – Jags
National Champion Small Junior – Bengals
2nd Open Coed – Cheetahs
2nd All-Girl Open – FierceKatz
2nd Senior Prep – Tigers
2nd Youth – KittyKats
3rd Mini – Kittens
5th Small Senior – Pumas
5th Junior Prep – Cats
5th Junior Prep Novice – Cubs
6th Junior Intermediate – Thundercats
7th Intermediate Senior – Sabres
9th Large Senior Open – Prowlers
American Championships
Senior Grand Champions – Pumas
Junior Grand Champions – Jags
National Champion Senior Elite – Prowlers
National Champion Senior Advanced – Panthers
National Champion Small Senior – Pumas
National Champion Senior Prep – Tigers
National Champion Large Junior – Jags
National Champion Small Junior – Bengals
National Champion Youth – KittyKats
National Champion Mini – Kittens
2nd – Junior Prep – Cats
3rd – Nov. Junior – Cubs
ACA Nationals
National Champion Large Coed – Wildcats
National Champion Small Senior – Pumas
National Champion Large Senior – Prowlers
National Champion Senior – Panthers **
National Champion Senior Prep – Tigers
2nd – Senior Int. – Sabres
2nd – Large Junior – Jags
4th – Small Junior – Bengals
3rd – Youth – KittyKats
3rd – Junior Prep – Cats
2nd – Junior Prep Nov. – Cubs
2nd – Mini – Kittens
WSF Nationals
Overall Grand National Champion – Wildcats
Cheer Program Champion – Cheer Athletics
National Champion Large Coed – Wildcats *
National Champion Small Senior – Pumas *
National Champion Large Junior – Jags *
National Champion Senior Prep – Tigers
National Champion Small Junior – Bengals
National Champion PeeWee – Cats
National Champion PeeWee Int. – Cubs
National Champion Youth – KittyKats
National Champion Mini – Kittens
2nd – Large Senior – Prowlers
2nd – Senior Int. – Sabres
3rd – Junior Int. – Thundercats
2003–2004 Season 10
WSF Nationals
National Champion Large Coed – Wildcats *
National Champion Large Junior – Jags *
National Champion Mini – Kittens
National Champion Peewee – KittyKats
National Champion Youth Novice – Cubs
National Champion Junior Inter. – Thundercats
National Champion Small Senior Int. – Sabres
National Champion Small Junior – Bengals
2nd – Senior Prep – Tigers
American Showdown Nationals
Program Champion – Cheer Athletics
Grand Champion – Coed – Prowlers
Grand Champion – Junior – Jags
Grand Champion – Senior – Panthers
National Champion Large Advanced Youth – KittyKats
National Champion Advanced Youth II – Cats
National Champion Large Junior – Jags
National Champion Senior Prep – Tigers
National Champion Sm Senior Int. – Sabres
National Champion Small Coed – Prowlers
National Champion Senior Advanced- Pumas
National Champion Senior Elite – Panthers
2nd – Nov. Mini Youth – Kittens
2nd – Large Nov. Youth – Cubs
2nd – Small Junior – Bengals
3rd – Lg. Junior Int. – Thundercats
NCA All-Star Nationals
National Champion Small Junior Prep – Cats
National Champion Lg. Junior Int. – Thundercats
National Champion Small Junior – Bengals
National Champion Large Junior – Jags
National Champion All-Girl Open – FierceKatz
2nd – Mini Nov. – Kittens
2nd – Jr. Prep Nov. – Cubs
2nd – Senior Prep – Tigers
2nd – Large Senior Open – Pumas
2nd – Senior – Panthers
3rd – Coed Open – Cheetahs
4th – Large Coed – Wildcats
5th – Senior Open Coed – Prowlers
6th – Youth – KittyKats (1st in C.C.)
America's Best Nationals 2004
National Champion Mini – KittyKats
National Champion Lg. Jr. Prep Int. – Cubs
National Champion Small Junior – Bengals
National Champion Large Junior – Jags
National Champion Large Senior Open – Pumas
National Champion Senior Open Coed – Prowlers
2nd – Mini Novice – Kittens
2nd – Junior Prep – Cats
3rd – Senior Prep – Tigers
USASF Worlds 2004
World Champion Senior – Supercats *
2004–2005 Season 11
All-Star Challenge Nationals
2nd Place – Mini – Kittens
4th Place – Junior Prep Novice – KittyKats
2nd Place – Junior Prep Intermediate – Cubs
ACA Nationals
Overall Grand Champion – Wildcats
Novice Grand Champion – Sabres
Advanced Grand Champion – Wildcats
National Champion – Small Junior Prep – Cats
National Champion – Large Junior – Jags
2nd Place – Small Junior – Bengals
2nd Place – Junior Prep Intermediate – Thundercats
2nd Place – Senior Prep – Tigers
National Champion – Senior Open Novice – Sabres
National Champion – Senior Open Excel – Prowlers National
Champion – Large Senior Open – Pumas
National Champion – Senior – Panthers
National Champion – Large Coed – Wildcats
Worlds Bids: Wildcats, Panthers
WSF Nationals
Program Champion – Cheer Athletics
National Champion – Large Coed – Wildcats (highest score
both days)
National Champion – Senior – Panthers (GC Finalist)
National Champion – Lg Senior Open – Pumas (GC Finalist)
2nd Place – Small Junior – Bengals
3rd Place – Youth 2 – Cubs
National Champion – Large Junior – Jags
National Champion – Mini- Kittens
2nd Place – Small Youth 1 – KittyKats
2nd Place – Senior Open 1 – Sabres
2nd Place – Large Junior 2 – Thundercats
2nd Place – Senior Prep – Tigers
American Showdown Nationals
Program Champion – Cheer Athletics
Grand Champion Junior – Jags
Grand Champion Youth – Cats
National Champion – Large Junior Advanced – Jags National
Champion – Sm Jr Advanced – Bengals
National Champion – Senior Prep – Tigers
National Champion – Small Junior Prep – Cats
2nd Place – Large Senior Open – Pumas
2nd Place – Senior Open Novice – Sabres
NCA All-Star Nationals
(all 15 teams to finals, 2nd in Program Champion) National
Champion – Senior – Panthers
National Champion – Small Junior – Bengals
National Champion – Senior Novice – Sabres
2nd Place – Open – Cheetahs
2nd Place – Open AG- FierceKatz
2nd Place – Senior Prep – Tigers
2nd Place – Small Junior Prep – Cats
2nd Place – Mini Novice – Kittens
3rd Place – Large Coed – Wildcats
3rd Place – Large Senior Open – Pumas
3rd Place – Senior Open Excel – Prowlers
3rd Place – Junior Excel – Thundercats
4th Place – Large Junior – Jags
5th Place – Junior Prep Novice – Cubs
12th Place – Junior Prep Intermediate – KittyKats
Spirit Sports Nationals
Program Champion – Cheer Athletics
Grand Champion – Panthers
National Champion – Senior Advanced – Panthers
National Champion – Senior Coed – Pumas
National Champion – Senior Intermediate – Prowlers
National Champion – Youth Novice – KittyKats
USASF Worlds 2005
Silver Medal (2nd) – Senior – Panthers
Silver Medal (2nd) – Large Coed – Wildcats
2005–2006 Season 12
American Grand Nationals
Grand Champion – Panthers
National Champion – Large Senior 5 – Panthers National
Champion – Small Senior 5 – Jags
Paid Worlds Bid – Panthers
Worlds Bid – Jags
ACA Nationals
National Champion – Youth 2 – KittyKats
Grand Champion – Level 2 – KittyKats
National Champion – Junior 2 – Sabres
National Champion – Junior 4 – Thundercats
National Champion – Sr. Prep 5 – Pumas
2nd Place – Sm. Junior 5 – Bengals
2nd Place – Lg. Senior 3 – Cougars
National Champion – Lg. Coed 5 – Wildcats
American Showdown Nationals
Overall Program Champion – Cheer Athletics
Grand Champion – Mini/Tiny – Kittens
Grand Champion – Junior – Bengals
Grand Champion – Senior – Panthers
National Champion – Tiny 1 – Itty Bitty Kitties
National Champion – Mini 2 – Kittens
2nd Place – PeeWee 2 – KittyKats
National Champion – Lg Youth 2 – Cats –
2nd Place – Lg Junior 2 – Kittens
National Champion – Lg Junior 4 – Thundercats
National Champion – Sm Junior 5 – Bengals
National Champion – Sm Junior Coed 5 – Jags
2nd Place – Lg Senior 4 – Prowlers
National Champion – Lg Senior 5 – Panthers
2nd Place – Senior Prep 5 – Pumas
NCA Nationals
Large Program National Champion – Cheer Athletics
4 Choreography Awards
National Champion – Mini 2 – Kittens
National Champion – Sm Junior 5 – Bengals
2nd Place – Junior Prep 2 – Cats
2nd Place – AG Open 6 – FierceKatz
2nd Place – Sm Junior Coed 5 – Jags
2nd Place – Senior 5 – Panthers
2nd Place – Senior 4 – Prowlers
2nd Place – Senior Prep 5 – Pumas
2nd Place – Junior 4 – Thundercats
2nd Place – Large Coed 5 – Wildcats
3rd Place – Open 6 – Cheetahs
3rd Place – Youth 2 – KittyKats
3rd Place – Junior 2 – Sabres
6th Place – Senior 3 – Cougars
Mardi Gras Nationals
Grand Champion – Wildcats
National Champion – Large Coed 5 – Wildcats
National Champion – Sm Coed 5 – Wondercats
America's Best Nationals
National Champion – Youth Prep 2 – Kittens
National Champion – Junior Prep 2 – Cats
National Champion – Senior 3 – Cougars
2nd Place – Youth 2 – KittyKats
2nd Place – Small Senior 5 – Jags
3rd Place – Senior 4 – Prowlers
4th Place – Youth Prep 1 – Itty Bitty Kitties
USASF Worlds 2006
World Champion – Senior – Panthers
World Champion – Large Coed – Wildcats
World Champion – Small Senior – Jags
8th Place – Small Coed – Wondercats
2006–2007 Season 13
Athletic Championships
Level 2 Grand Champion – Leopards
Level 4 Grand Champion – Prowlers
National Champions – Mini 2 – Kittens
2nd Place – Small Senior 2 – Sabres
National Champions – Large Youth 2 – Leopards National
Champions- Large Junior 3 – Lynx
2nd Place – Large Senior 3 – Cougars
National Champions – Small Youth 4 – Cats
National Champions – Large Junior 4 – Thundercats
National Champions – Large Senior 4 – Prowlers
American Grand Nationals
Sportsmanship Award – Panthers
Program Champion (Small) – Cheer Athletics
Senior All-Star Grand Champion – Panthers
Bids to Worlds – Panthers, Jags
Judge's Award – Choreography – Panthers
Judge's Award – Stunting – Jags
National Champions – Large Senior 5 – Panthers
2nd Place – Small Senior 5 – Jags
2nd Place – Large Senior 4 – Prowlers
ACA Nationals
Paid Bid to Worlds – Panthers – Lg. Senior 5
Bid to Worlds – Wildcats – Senior Unlimited Coed 5 Level 2
Grand Champion – Leopards
National Champion – Ittty Bitty Kitties – Tiny 1
National Champion – Kittens – Mini 2
National Champion – Sabres – Sm. Senior 2
National Champion – Leopards – Lg. Youth 2
National Champion – Thundercats – Lg. Jr Coed 4
National Champion – Panthers – Lg. Senior 5
National Champion – Wildcats – Sr Unl Coed 5
National Champion – Pumas – Sr SL Coed 5
2nd Place – Lynx – Lg. Junior 3
2nd Place – Cougars – Lg. Senior 3
2nd Place – Cats – Sm. Youth 4
2nd Place – Bengals – Sm. Junior 5
3rd Place – Prowlers – Lg. Senior 4
American Showdown Nationals
Grand Champion – Wildcats – Senior Coed
Grand Champion – Kittens – Mini/Tiny
National Champion – Itty Bitty Kitties – Tiny 1
National Champion – Kittens – Mini 2
National Champion – Leopards – Youth 2
2nd Place – Cats – Youth 4
National Champion – Thundercats – Junior Coed 4
National Champion – Bengals – Small Junior 5
National Champion – Sabres – Small Senior 2
National Champion – Kittens – Mini 2
2nd Place – Cougars – Large Senior 3
National Champion – Pumas – Senior Semi-Limited National
Champion – Wildcats – Sr Unlimited Coed 5
NCA All Star Nationals
Paid Worlds Bid – Wildcats – Senior Coed
Worlds Bid – Jags – Small Senior
National Champion – Bengals – Small Junior 5 National
Champion – Panthers – Lg. Senior 5
National Champion – Pumas – Senior Semi-Limited 5 National
Champion – Thundercats – Junior Coed 4
2nd Place – IBK – Tiny 1
2nd Place – Kittens – Mini 2
2nd Place – Leopards – Youth 2
2nd Place – Cats – Youth 4
2nd Place – Cougars – Lg Senior 3
2nd Place – Wildcats – Lg Senior Coed Unlimited 5
2nd Place – Lynx – Lg Junior 3
3rd Place – Jags – Sm Senior 5
4th Place – Sabres – Sm Senior 2
5th Place – Prowlers – Lg Senior 4
America's Best Nationals
Grand Champion – Level 3 – Lynx
National Champion – Lynx – Lg. Junior Coed 3
UCA Nationals
National Champion – Wildcats – Lg. Coed 5
USASF/IASF Worlds
2007
Silver Medal (2nd) – WIldcats – Lg. Senior Coed 5
Silver Medal (2nd) – Panthers – Lg. Senior 5
6th Place – Jags – Sm. Senior 5
2007–2008 Season 14
Athletic Championships – Houston – Nov. 11–12, 2007 
American Showdown Nationals – Fort Worth 
ACA Nationals – Fort Worth 
NCA Nationals – Dallas – 
Cheer America Nationals – Houston
2008–2009 Season 15
2009–2010 Season 16
2010–2011 Season 17
2011–2012 Season 18
2012–2013 Season 19

</doc>
<doc id="36845260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845260" title="Shiravand, Ilam">
Shiravand, Ilam

Shiravand (, also Romanized as Shīrāvand; also known as Jūb Shahr) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,150, in 224 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845276" title="Gavdul">
Gavdul

Gavdul () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36845279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845279" title="George W. McWilliams">
George W. McWilliams

George Washington McWilliams (September 26, 1842 – August 11, 1900) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during the Wilmington Campaign.
Born on September 26, 1842, in Waterford, Pennsylvania, McWilliams was still living in that city when he joined the Navy. He served as a landsman on the in the Wilmington Campaign, from the First Battle of Fort Fisher on December 24, 1864, through the campaign's end on February 22, 1865. He was severely wounded and received treatment at a hospital in Portsmouth, Virginia. For his actions during the campaign, he was awarded the Medal of Honor months later on June 22, 1865.
McWilliams' official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Served on board the U.S.S. "Pontoosuc" during the capture of Fort Fisher and Wilmington, 24 December 1864, to 22 February 1865. Carrying out his duties faithfully throughout this period, McWilliams was so severely wounded in the assault upon Fort Fisher that he was sent to the hospital at Portsmouth, Va. McWilliams was recommended for his gallantry, skill and coolness in action while under the fire of the enemy.
McWilliams died on August 11, 1900, at age 57 and was buried at Ida Grove Cemetery in Ida Grove, Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="36845285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845285" title="I'm Up (mixtape)">
I'm Up (mixtape)

"I'm Up" is a mixtape by American rapper Gucci Mane, it was released on May 25, 2012. It includes guest appearances from Yo Gotti, Rocko, Future, Chris Brown, Lil Wayne, Big Sean, 8Ball, Rick Ross, Birdman, Jim Jones, Fabolous, Scarface, T.I., Jeremih and 2 Chainz.
Reception.
Critical response.
Ralph Bristout of XXL said "Despite the notable joints, I’m Up is flooded with featured guests, whom often outshine the rapper (“Don’t Make No Sense” next to Fabolous and 8Ball; “Scarface” alongside Scarface). Though they don’t necessarily hurt the project— adding a mélange of different styles and various temperaments—the supporting cast makes the tape seem more like a compilation project than a solo." Slava Kuperstein of HipHopDX said "Whatever criticisms fans may offer of Gucci Mane, the man works the mixtape scene hard. A cursory look at Wikipedia reveals that I’m Up is Gucci’s 27th mixtape; not only that, but it’s the second of this year. Sure, it’s easier to have such prolific output when your subject matter is so narrow you could thread a needle with it, but Gucci delivers what the people want from him: a handful of hard-hitting beats, a few quotables, and some memorable guest spots."
Music Videos.
Music videos have been released for "Super Cocky", "Kansas" featuring Jim Jones, "Wish You Would" featuring Verse Simmonds, "Brought Out Them Racks" featuring Big Sean, "Plain Jane (Remix)" featuring Rocko & T.I. & "Too Sexy" featuring Jeremih.

</doc>
<doc id="36845294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845294" title="Gavdul, Ilam">
Gavdul, Ilam

Gavdul (, also Romanized as Gāvdūl and Gāv Dūl) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 80, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845315" title="All Pakistan Ulema Council">
All Pakistan Ulema Council

The All Pakistan Ulema Council is a Muslim organization in Pakistan whose members include Islamic clerics and legal scholars from a range of Islamic traditions.
Its leader is Tahir Ashrafi. The Council is Pakistan's main organisation of religious clergy.
Fatwa denouncing honour killings.
The council issued a fatwa (religious edict) denouncing and prohibiting honour killings and said that honour killings were "un-Islamic" and "inhuman" the clergy elaborated that the "Daughters are a gift Allah not a problem" The council will issue a more detailed verdict on June 5th 2014 which will be from an even more diverse range of religious groups 
Fatwa denouncing "Kaafir" (non-believer) declaration.
The council issue a fatwa which declared that declaring other Islamic sects such as Shia as "non-believers" was against Islam. The fatwa was announced to promote inter-sectarian tolerance by acknowledging that there was diversity in the way in which Islam is practiced by different sects such as Sunni, Shia and different expressions of religion such as Sufism which was targeted by extremists. The use of loudspeakers except for the azan and the Friday sermon was also banned 

</doc>
<doc id="36845338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845338" title="Gulab, Iran">
Gulab, Iran

Gulab (, also Romanized as Gūlāb; also known as Golāb) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845340" title="Pakistan Interfaith League">
Pakistan Interfaith League

The Pakistan Interfaith League is an interfaith organization in Pakistan.
Its leader Sajjad Ishaq is a member of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, a centrist, progressive political party in Pakistan.

</doc>
<doc id="36845358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845358" title="Louis-Pierre Thury">
Louis-Pierre Thury

Louis-Pierre Thury (c. 1644, Notre Dame de Breuil en Auge (Department of Calvados), France-June 3, 1699, Halifax, Nova Scotia) was a French missionary (secular priest) who was sent to North America during the time of King William's War. He was a liaison between the French and their native American allies during the course of the conflict, and died soon after it ended.
Biography.
Thury was born around 1644 in Normandy, arriving in Canada in 1675 as a missionary for the Kingdom of France. In 1684, when the institution wanted to found a missionary in the French colony of Acadia, Father François de Laval sent him on an observation tour from Percé to Port Royal, and chose to settle at Miramichi. Later, he settled Castine, Maine, and remained there for a time. In 1689, he took part in the destruction of Pemaquid, after gaining great influence over the Abenaki people. In 1692, he took part in the attacks on the English colony of York (Maine) along with Abenaki and French war parties. He later took part in the attack against Pescadouet (Oyster River), and was present with Joseph Robineau de Villebon and a party of Abenakis at the capture of Pemaquid by Pierre Le Moyne d'Iberville in 1696. In 1698, he was assigned to found a mission between Shubenacadie and Chibouctou to group the Micmac people, but died before this project could be undertaken.
According to author Thomas Raddall, Thury was at Halifax preaching to the Mi'kmaq. He is the first recorded missionary in this area. He celebrated Easter with the Mi'kmaq to coincide with their ancient spring festival. French botanist Diereville arrived in 1699 to obtain plants for the royal gardens. At his arrival at Chebucto on the ship La Royale Paix, three Mi'kmaq chiefs greeted him in canoes, declared themselves Christians and showed him Father Thury's grave.
References.
Endnotes
Texts

</doc>
<doc id="36845367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845367" title="Vítor Benite">
Vítor Benite

Vítor Alves Benite (born February 20, 1990 in Jundiaí, SP), better known as Benite, is a Brazilian professional basketball player with Clube de Regatas do Flamengo. He was a member of the Brazil national basketball team at the 2011 FIBA Americas Championship, where Brazil finished in 2nd place.
Early life.
Vitor Benite is an engineer's son, named Francisco Carlos Benite, also known as Frico. Francisco went to Rio de Janeiro to work. Then the coach of Flamengo known as Boleta saw Benite playing with his brothers. Boleta led them to Flamengo, where Benite started his career, as pre-mirim, in 1997. He studied in the morning and played in the afternoon. After that, he went to Campinas playing at Clube de Regatas Campinas. Then Benite moved to Rio Claro Futebol Clube, where he won few titles.
Professional career.
After the end of Ulbra/Rio Claro, Benite moved to Pinheiros and played the first NBB's season, in 2009. The following two years Benite played for Franca.
2009–10 season.
In his first season playing for Franca, Benite proved to be a great player. Because of his great matches, he was nominated for the NBB Revelation Player award, but Raulzinho won the award. This achievement helped Raulzinho to reach to Brazil national basketball team.
2010–11 season: The new Brazilian jewel.
In his second season in Franca, Benite made his best season, when he helped his team to reach to the final series of the championship. But Franca did not support the strength of the future champion Brasília and became runner-up. Despite the defeat, Benite was chosen the NBB Best Sixth Player, the NBB Most Improved Player and the NBB Revelation Player. After his great season, Benite was chosen by the Argentine coach Rubén Magnano to play the 2011 FIBA Americas Championship for Brazil national basketball team. After two seasons in Franca, Benite moved to Limeira.
2011–12 season: Moving to Limeira.
Arriving in Limeira, Benite adopted the speech he wanted to play as point guard. His beginning season was excellent. Benite led his team to a great position in championship. But it did not last until the end of the season and Limeira ranked ninth place. In the playoffs, Limeira was defeated by Joinville.
2012–13 season: The arrival at Flamengo and the first championship.
With the end of the season, Benite moved to Flamengo, where he started his career. The arrival of Benite and arrivals from other players like Marquinhos, Olivinha, Kojo Mensah and Shilton dos Santos the club from Gávea gave to the group the status of super-team, a team formed only by stars and became the main contender for the NBB. In the state championship, Flamengo didn't have to reach its eighth consecutive title, which was conquered unbeaten. In Liga Sudamericana, Benite and his teammates reached the Final Four, defeated Regatas Corrientes and Peñarol Mar del Plata, but lost to Brasília, which prevented the title that got the team from Corrientes.
In FIBA Americas League, Flamengo qualified for the semifinals, with great performances from Benite. But in the semifinals, the team went through its worst season and lost all three matches, finishing last in the group.
But the NBB, the story was totally different. The coach led by José Neto impuse a sequence of 20 consecutive victories, only being defeated in the second round of the regular season. Benite was chosen to play the NBB All-Star Game for the third consecutive time, but due to an injury, he has no much time in the court. Recovered from his injury, Benite returned to play great matches . Flamengo finished the first stage in the first place, and in the playoffs, eliminated Paulistano, São José to reach the final of the championship. But in the week of the Final, Benite he felt the same injury that had left out a few games in the first round. Benite not played the Final, but it was very important to give support to his teammates . Benite saw his team once again be national champion. A great season Benite earned him his return to Brazil national team, to play 2013 FIBA Americas Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36845372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845372" title="Marjan Janus">
Marjan Janus

Maria Alida Catharina "Marjan" Janus (born 31 January 1952 in Heemstede) is a former breaststroke swimmer from the Netherlands. In 1968, she won the 100 m breaststroke event at the national championships, beating the long-time favorite Klenie Bimolt. She was therefore selected for the 1968 Summer Olympics, but failed to reach the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36845376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845376" title="Perkins Addition">
Perkins Addition

The Perkins Addition was a 13 house development in Salt Lake City, Utah. Ten of its houses survived in 1983 and nine were each individually listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The Perkins Addition was a "streetcar subdivision" development of 13 brick houses, all built in 1891 by a Denver investment company, ten of which survived in 1983 and nine of which were listed on the National Register.
The nine NRHP-listed ones are each covered in a section below. The one not NRHP-listed is the Elgin S. Yankee House, at 955 E. 1700 South.
John Vaughan.
John Vaughan (architect) was an architect who designed many homes.
W.S. Burhaus.
W.S. Burhaus was a contractor who built many of them.
Alexander Mitchell House.
The Alexander Mitchell House at 1620 S. 1000 East, in Salt Lake City, Utah, was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 for its architecture, which is Victorian Eclectic, Late Victorian, and other.
The Mitchell House is one of three buildings in the NRHP listing of Perkins Addition houses that is "not" built from the pattern-book design shared by seven others. It includes similar elements: a prominent gable in its front facade, and the use of fishscale shingles in gabled areas.
Byron Cummings House.
The Byron Cummings House at 936 E. 1700 South, in Salt Lake City, Utah, was built in 1891. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It is significant in part for association with Byron Cummings, known as "the father
of athletics" at University of Utah.
It is one of seven identical-plan buildings in the Perkins Addition, built from the same pattern-book design. The Perkins Addition was a "streetcar subdivision" development of 13 brick houses, all built in 1891 by a Denver investment company, ten of which survived in 1983.
Harper J. Dininny House.
925 E. Logan Avenue, NRHP-listed
Charles H. Weeks House.
935 E. Logan Avenue, NRHP-listed
Thomas Yardley House.
955 E. Logan Avenue, NRHP-listed
John W. Judd House.
918 E. Logan Avenue, NRHP-listed
Clifford R. Pearsall House.
950 E. Logan Avenue, NRHP-listed
Henry Luce House.
921 E. 1700 South, NRHP-listed
Mabry-Van Pelt House.
946 E. 1700 South, NRHP-listed

</doc>
<doc id="36845389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845389" title="Golab, Iran">
Golab, Iran

Golab or Gelab or Galab () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36845407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845407" title="3D cell culturing by magnetic levitation">
3D cell culturing by magnetic levitation

3D cell culturing by the magnetic levitation method (MLM) is the application of growing 3D tissue by inducing cells treated with magnetic nanoparticle assemblies in spatially varying magnetic fields using neodymium magnetic drivers and promoting cell to cell interactions by levitating the cells up to the air/liquid interface of a standard petri dish. The magnetic nanoparticle assemblies consist of magnetic iron oxide nanoparticles, gold nanoparticles, and the polymer polylysine. 3D cell culturing is scalable, with the capability for culturing 500 cells to millions of cells or from single dish to high-throughput low volume systems.
Overview.
Standard monolayer cell culturing on tissue culture plastic has notably improved our understanding of basic cell biology, but it does not replicate the complex 3D architecture of in vivo tissue, and it can significantly modify cell properties. This often compromises experiments in basic life science, leads to misleading drug-screening results on efficacy and toxicity, and produces cells that may lack the characteristics needed for developing tissue regeneration therapies.
The future of cell culturing for fundamental studies and biomedical applications lies in the creation of multicellular structure and organization in three-dimensions. Many schemes for 3D culturing are being developed or marketed, such as bio-reactors or protein-based gel environments.
A 3D cell culturing system known as the Bio-Assembler™ uses biocompatible polymer-based reagents to deliver magnetic nanoparticles to individual cells so that an applied magnetic driver can levitate cells off the bottom of the cell culture dish and rapidly bring cells together near the air-liquid interface. This initiates cell-cell interactions in the absence of any artificial surface or matrix. Magnetic fields are designed to rapidly form 3D multicellular structures in as little as a few hours, including expression of extracellular matrix proteins. The morphology, protein expression, and response to exogenous agents of resulting tissue show great similarity to in vivo results.
History.
3D cell culturing by magnetic levitation method (MLM) was developed from collaboration between scientists at Rice University and University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in 2008. Since then, this technology has been licensed and commercialized by Nano3D Biosciences.
The Magnetic Levitation Process.
Above is a picture showing 3D cell culturing through magnetic levitation with the Bio-Assembler cell culturing system. (A) A magnetic iron oxide nanoparticle assembly known as Nanoshuttle is added and dispersed over cells and the mixture is incubated. (B) After incubation with Nanoshuttle, cells are detached and transferred to a petri dish. (C) A magnetic drive is then placed on top of a petri dish top. (D) The magnetic field causes cells to rise to the air–medium interface. (E) Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) levitated for 60 minutes (left images) and 4 hours (right images) (Scale bar, 50 μm). The onset of cell-cell interaction takes place as soon as cells levitate, and 3D structures start to form. At 1 hour, the cells are still relatively dispersed, but they are already showing some signs of stretching. Formation of 3D structures is visible after 4 hours of levitation (arrows).
Protein Expression.
Protein expression in levitated cultures shows striking similarity to in vivo patterns. N-cadherin expression in levitated human glioblastoma cells was identical to the expression seen in human tumor xenografts grown in immunodeficient mice, while standard 2D culture showed much weaker expression that did not match xenograft distribution as shown in the picture below. The transmembrane protein N-cadherin is often used as an indicator of in-vivo-like tissue assembly in 3D culturing.
In the picture above, distribution of N-cadherin (red) and nuclei (blue) in human brain cancer mouse xenograft (left, human brain cancer cells grown in a mouse brain), brain cancer cells cultured by 3D magnetic levitation for 48 h. (middle), and cells cultured on a glass slide cover slip (2D, right). The 2D system shows N-cadherin in the cytoplasm and nucleus and notably absent from the membrane, while in the levitated culture and mouse, N-cadherin is clearly concentrated in the membrane, and also present in cytoplasm and cell junctions.
Applications.
Co-Culturing, Magnetic Manipulation, and Invasion Assays.
One of the challenges in generating in vivo like cultures or tissue in vitro is the difficulty in co-culturing different cell types. Because of the ability of 3D cell culturing by magnetic levitation to bring cells together, co-culturing different cell types is possible. Co-culturing of different cell types can be achieved at the onset of levitation, by mixing different cell types in before levitation or by magnetically guiding 3D cultures in an invasion assay format.
The unique ability to manipulate cells and shape tissue magnetically offers new possibilities for controlled co-culturing and invasion assays. Co-culturing in a realistic tissue architecture is critical for accurately modeling in vivo conditions, such as for increasing the accuracy of cellular assays as shown in the figure below.
Shown in the picture above is an invasion assay of magnetically levitated multicellular spheroids. Fluorescence images of human glioblastoma (GBM) cells (green; GFP-expressing cells) and normal human astrocytes (NHA) (red; mCherry-labelled) cultured separately and then magnetically guided together (left, time 0). Invasion of GBM into NHAin 3D culture provides a powerful new assay for basic cancer biology and drug screening (right, 12h to 252h).
Vascular Simulation with Stem Cells.
By facilitating assembly of different populations of cells using the MLM, consistent generation of organoids termed adipospheres capable of simulating the complex intercellular interactions of endogenous white adipose tissue (WAT) can be achieved.
Co-culturing 3T3-L1 pre-adipocytes in 3D with murine endothelial bEND.3 cells creates a vascular-like network assembly with concomitant lipogenesis in perivascular cells. See figure below.
In addition to cell lines, WAT organogenesis can be simulated from primary cells.
Adipocyte-depleted stromal vascular fraction (SVF) containing adipose stromal cells (ASC), endothelial cells, and infiltrating leukocyte derived from mouse white adipose tissue (WAT) were cultured in 3D. This revealed organoids striking in hierarchical organization with distinct capsule and internal large vessel-like structures lined with endothelial cells, as well as perivascular localization of ASC.
Upon adipogenesis induction of either 3T3-L1 adipospheres or adipospheres derived from SVF, the cells efficiently formed large lipid droplets typical of white adipocytes in vivo, whereas only smaller lipid droplet formation is achievable in 2D. This indicates intercellular signaling that better recapitulates WAT organogenesis.
This MLM for 3D co-culturing creates adipospheres appropriate for WAT modeling ex vivo and provides a new platform for functional screens to identify molecules bioactive toward individual adipose cell populations. It can also be adopted for WAT transplantation applications and aid other approaches to WAT-based cell therapy.
Organized Co-culturing to Create in vivo-like Tissue.
Using the MagPen™ (a Nano3D Biosciences, Inc. product), organized 3D co-cultures similar to native tissue architecture can be rapidly created. Endothelial cells (PEC), smooth muscle cells (SMC), fibroblasts (PF), and epithelial cells (EpiC) cultured with the Bio-Assembler™ can be sequentially layered in a drag-and-drop manner to create bronchioles that maintain phenotype and induce extracellular matrix formation.
Cell Types Cultured.
Listed below are the cell types (primary and cell lines) that have been successfully cultured by the magnetic levitation method. The second table is the same but with images included. More images are available at Nano3D Biosciences, Inc.
Same table as above, but with images.

</doc>
<doc id="36845410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845410" title="Ilmar">
Ilmar

Ilmar is an Estonian masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36845426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845426" title="Kokon Chomonjū">
Kokon Chomonjū

, lit. "A Collection of Notable Tales Old and New", is a Kamakura-period collection of "setsuwa". It was compiled by and completed in 1254. The twenty volumes are divided by subject into thirty chapters: chapter 16 concerns art and painting and 17 "kemari" or "kickball". Of the 726 tales, nearly two-thirds are set in the Heian period. In a note between tales 721 and 722, Narisue states that "the original aim of this collection was to collect fine stories about music and poems, and depict them as if in paintings".

</doc>
<doc id="36845427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845427" title="Nonpoint (album)">
Nonpoint (album)

Nonpoint is the seventh studio album by American rock/metal band Nonpoint released on October 9, 2012 under Razor & Tie. The album was produced and engineered by Johnny K (Disturbed, Staind, Sevendust) at Groovemaster Studios in Chicago, Illinois. In June 2012, the band released two songs from the album, "I Said It" and "Left for You", the latter of which serves as the album's lead single. This is the first album to feature guitarists Rasheed Thomas and Dave Lizzio, and bassist Adam Woloszyn. 
Recording and production.
The album was produced/mixed by Grammy-nominated producer Johnny K at Groovemaster Studios in Chicago, Illinois and features additional production and mixing from Brian Virtue features new lineup and label. Soriano explains the new album, "We wanted this record to be a punch in the face. There was a lot of stuff I wanted to artistically vent about. It's a fresh start for us. We felt like having a self-titled record says it all. We hit the reset button, and there's life again. You can hear it musically. We're not going anywhere." "This album is the beginning of a brand new chapter in the world of NONPOINT... rejuvenated and full of positivity," adds Rivera. "Elias has written his most personal lyrics yet that shows the signs of endurance this band has had in our 15-year career."
Reception.
Eduardo Rivadavia of Allmusic gave the album a mixed review and has compared its sound to contemporary post-grunge bands such as Nickelback and 3 Doors Down, writing "Nonpoint's eponymous seventh album sees them moving ever closer to the corporate rock of Nickelback or 3 Doors Down, which may seem like a long way removed from their Floridian nu-metal roots alongside Limp Bizkit, Cold, and other musical crimes against humanity."

</doc>
<doc id="36845437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845437" title="Salamonie Lake Dam">
Salamonie Lake Dam

Salamonie Lake Dam (National ID # IN03005) is a dam in Huntington County, Indiana.
The earthen and rockfill dam was constructed in 1966 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, with a height of 133 feet and 6100 feet long at its crest. It impounds the Salamonie River for flood control and storm water managed, is owned by the Corps of Engineers, and is operated by the Corps and the Indiana Department of Natural Resources. 
The reservoir it creates, Salamonie Lake, has a normal water surface of 4.5 miles and a maximum capacity of 263,600 acre-feet; the total project encompasses 12,000 acres of land and water. Recreation includes boating, swimming and fishing for white crappie, channel catfish, white bass, and walleye. The state also operates the adjacent Salamonie River State Forest, Mt. Hope State Recreation Area, Doranew Holland State Recreation Area, Lost Bridge State Recreation Area, and Mt. Etna State Recreation Area. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845472" title="George Farson">
George Farson

George Washington Farson III (December 29, 1939 – October 10, 2010) was an American professional baseball player, manager, coach and scout. A catcher, the native of Lynchburg, Virginia, played ten seasons (1962–1971) of minor league baseball in the Baltimore Orioles' organization before pursuing an off-field baseball career that would last through 1989. He threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Farson signed with the Orioles after attending Spring Garden High School and the University of Virginia. During his 718-game minor league career, which included 125 games with the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings, Farson batted .236 with 38 home runs. His managing career lasted for eight seasons in the Baltimore, Oakland Athletics and Milwaukee Brewers systems, including three seasons at the Double-A level.
In 1980 he joined the Philadelphia Phillies as a minor league catching instructor. After two seasons, he spent eight years (1982–1989) as a Phillie scout. A resident of Vernon Hill, Virginia, Farson also was an avid grouse hunter in Maine. He died in Fort Kent in October 2010 at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="36845492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845492" title="Ilmārs">
Ilmārs

Ilmārs is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36845502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845502" title="Gurab-e Olya">
Gurab-e Olya

Gurab-e Olya () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36845506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845506" title="Gurab-e Sofla">
Gurab-e Sofla

Gurab-e Sofla (), also known as Gurab-e Pain, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36845545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845545" title="Gurudas Banerjee">
Gurudas Banerjee

Gurudas Banerjee, also known as Gurudas Bandyopadhyay, is a Bengali stage and film actor who was active from the 1940s through the 1980s. As an actor, he commonly played holy men, especially the 19th century Bengali mystic Sri Ramakrishna, a role he was said to "almost monopolize." He acted in more than 80 films, mostly in Bengali. With his wife, actress Molina Devi, he also directed a Calcutta-based theatre troupe, M. G. Enterprises.
Biography.
Gurudas Banerjee had his stage debut in 1948 at Calcutta's Kalika Theatre in the role of Sri Ramakrishna in "Yugadevata". He continued acting in theatre and cinema until the 1980s.
Banerjee married Molina Devi (1917-1977), who has been characterized as "one of the finest actresses of Indian theatre and cinema." Together, they operated their own touring theatre, M. G. Enterprises, which "specialized in commercial productions of devotional drama" in which Banerjee played the role of Sri Ramakrishna and other holy men."
Roles.
Gurudas Banerjee acted in a variety of roles, very commonly as Sri Ramakrishna, which he played on both stage and in film.
Other roles that Banerjee played in film included
Sadhak Bamakhyapa ("Sadhak Bamakshyapa", 1958; "Joy Maa Tara", 1978),
Gobinda, Husband Of Chandi ("Swayamsiddha", 1947),
Ramola's Father ("Sare Chuattar", 1953),
Jitu, Anita's Father ("Ekti Raat", 1956),
Pishemashai ("Indranath, Srikanta O Annadadidi", 1959),
Neepa's Father ("Mouchak", 1975), and
Agniswar's Father-in-law ("Agniswar", 1975).
From the 1950s through the 1970s, Gurudas Banerjee commonly portrayed Ramakrishna in the Bengali Theatre and films. Beginning in the late 1940s, "he almost monopolized this role Ramakrishna as a specialist, both on the stage and on the screen," and was still portraying Ramakrishna in the late-1970s. Sushil Mukherjee explains that the drama "Jugadevata", which debuted on the Calcutta stage on 19 November 1948,
Films in which Banerjee played the role of Ramakrishna included "Rani Rashmoni" (1955), "Mahakavi Girish Chandra" (1956), "Bireswar Vivekananda" (1964), and "Jata Mat Tata Path" (1979).
Theatrical plays in which Banerjee played Ramakrishna included "Jugadebata" (1948), "Thakur Sri Ramakrishna" (1955), and "Nata Nati" (1975).
Reception.
According to Sushil Mukherjee, in the many screen and stage appearances since 1948 in which Banerjee and Molina Devi have played Ramakrishna and Rani Rashmoni together, they "have carried the audience with them in every performance."
In 1966, the "The Illustrated Weekly of India" mentioned Banerjee's troupe's performance in a review of the 1965-66 theatre season in Delhi.
The "Weekly" stated that
Filmography.
Gurudas Banerjee acted in more than 80 films, mostly in Bengali, as listed here (including year released, and role if available; all films in Bengali unless otherwise noted):
Film table with references.
Further details on selected films appear in the table below. Films known to be dubbed versions of other films have not been listed. Any films known to be multilinguals (separately filmed in multiple languages) are explicitly noted as multilinguals.
Theatre roles.
The following table chronicles Gurudas Banerjee's stage career. It is not complete.

</doc>
<doc id="36845584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845584" title="Jean Planque">
Jean Planque

Jean Planque (1910-1998) was a Swiss art collector.
Biography.
Jean Planque was born in Ferreyres, Switzerland into a Protestant family of peasants.
His collection includes paintings by Pablo Picasso, Jean Dubuffet, Pierre Bonnard, Edgar Degas, Paul Gauguin, Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Vincent van Gogh, Paul Klee, Raoul Dufy, Georges Braque, Jean-Paul Laurens and Paul Cézanne. Since fall 2010, it has been exhibited in the Musée Granet in Aix-en-Provence.

</doc>
<doc id="36845600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845600" title="Siena Saints football">
Siena Saints football

The Siena Saints football (formerly the Siena Indians) program were the intercollegiate American football team for Siena College located in Loudonville, New York. The team competed in the NCAA Division I-AA and were members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. The school's first football team was fielded in 1965. Siena participated in football from 1965-2003, compiling an all-time record of 124–215–3. On January 21, 2004, Siena announced it was discontinuing its D I-AA football program. The discontinuation of the football program saved $200,000 from the school Athletic Department's annual budget, which was reallocated into other areas within the Athletic Department.
History.
The Siena Saints
Notable former players.
Notable alumni include:

</doc>
<doc id="36845603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845603" title="Shauna Bradley">
Shauna Bradley

Shauna Bradley is a fictional character from the Australian television soap opera "Home and Away", played by Kylie Watson. The actress received an audition for "Home And Away" in February 1999, but decided not to attend it as she did think she would be successful. However, her agent persuaded her to go and she won the role of Shauna. As the part was her first acting job, Watson's agent booked her onto some acting classes and she began filming her first scenes in June. Watson made her first screen appearance as Shauna during the episode broadcast on 16 August 1999. She departed in July 2002.
Shauna gained a natural skill for lifesaving and went onto compete in various competitions, before progressing to professional lifesaving. When she moved to Summer Bay, Shauna became the town's first resident lifesaver. The character was described as being confident, strong and athletic. Shauna developed relationships with Harry Reynolds (Justin Melvey) and Jude Lawson (Ben Steel), who she later became engaged to. During her time in the show, Shauna began an affair with a married man, learned she was adopted and discovered she had a serious heart condition. Watson earned a nomination for Most Popular New Female Talent at the Logie Awards for her portrayal of Shauna.
Casting.
In February 1999, shortly after she had moved back to Canberra, Watson landed an audition for "Home And Away". She initially decided not to attend the audition because she did not think she would get the part. However, her agent told her to go and she won the role of Shauna. Watson revealed "Suddenly I had this opportunity thrown at me, that I'd always dreamed of, and I felt great. I came back to Sydney to start filming in June." As "Home and Away" was her first acting job, Watson's agent booked her into some acting classes. She commented "I think I was really bad, to be honest, at the beginning. But like anything if you really put your mind to it and love what you do, you invest the time to grow and educate yourself and I did do that." Watson made her first appearance as Shauna in August that same year.
Development.
Characterisation.
Shauna's "natural skill and ability" at lifesaving began when she was five. She then entered various competitions during her teenage years and progressed to the professional lifesaving circuit. Shauna was working as a professional lifesaver for three years before she arrived in Summer Bay and applied for the job at the surf club. A writer for the official "Home and Away" website revealed that Shauna chose to leave her previous job because she was having trouble with her flatmate. Vinnie Patterson (Ryan Kwanten) hires Shauna, much to Alf Stewart's (Ray Meagher) surprise. An "Inside Soap" reporter commented that the last thing Alf expected was for Vinnie to employ a woman, least of all one "as feisty" as Shauna. Shauna's new job saw her become the Bay's first resident lifesaver. Watson described her character as extremely confident and not one to take any nonsense from guys. The "Daily Mirror's" Nina Myskow commented "Strong and athletic, Shauna is not one to be pushed around."
Family.
Shauna is surprised when her aunt, Kate (Kris McQuade), comes to the Bay for a visit and she later starts to suspect that she is adopted. Shauna's mother, Margaret (Sonja Tallis), also comes to the Bay and Shauna asks her why she does not have any baby photos of her. Margaret tries to deflect the question by telling her that she did not have a camera then, but Shauna calls her a liar. Margaret later reveals that she did indeed adopt her, but does not know who her real mother is. Shortly after, Ailsa Stewart (Judy Nunn) reveals to Shauna that she is her biological mother. Ailsa tells Shauna that she was conceived while she was in prison. She was raped by a warden and her cellmate, Kate, organised for her sister to adopt Shauna. A reporter for "Inside Soap" quipped "Shauna is stunned, asking Ailsa why she hid the truth for long. Ailsa bluffs, saying she didn't think Shauna would want a murderer for a mum."
When Ailsa suddenly dies of a heart attack, Shauna is glad that she got to spend a brief time with her. Watson told Herbison "Shauna only discovered that Ailsa was her mum a few months ago, so in her case, she's terribly sad but at the same time grateful that they were able to spend some time together." During the funeral, Shauna says a few words about the time she had with Ailsa and she is able to "feel satisfied" that they parted on good terms. Shauna's older brother, Aidan Bradley (Ben Mortley), comes to the Bay. He ends up "copping a serve" from his sister because he has left behind a broken engagement and kissed Hayley Smith (Bec Hewitt).
Relationships.
A physical attraction develops between Shauna and Harry Reynolds (Justin Melvey), which eventually turns into a "rocky romance". Shauna realises that Harry is keeping a secret and her instincts tell her that she cannot trust him. Watson stated that the most important elements in a relationship are honesty and respect, so Shauna decides to back off from him for a while. Watson told an "All About Soap" journalist "The relationship between Harry and Shauna is interesting because it hasn't been easy. There are lots of things they need to overcome and if they can do that, hopefully people will like to see them get together by the end of it all." Harry's ex-fiancée, Alison (Jenny Apostolou), comes to the Bay and informs Shauna that she intends to fight her for Harry. Shauna chooses to give Harry some space and he eventually chooses to stay with her.
Shauna meets Gavin Campbell (Kim De Lury) when he stops a man from harassing her on the beach. Gavin flirts with Shauna, but he is interrupted by the arrival of his wife and daughter. Shauna is "unimpressed" with him, but Gavin later explains that he is staying in an unhappy marriage because he does not want to lose his daughter. Shauna agrees to go to a concert with him as a friend and she manages to resist his advances. However, she later begins an affair with him. When Shauna decides to end the affair with Gavin, she suffers "a humiliating public showdown" with his wife.
Shauna begins dating Jude Lawson (Ben Steel). When he asks her to move in with him, she refuses due to her fear of commitment. Watson explained that because Shauna's relationship with Harry ended badly, there is a part of her that worries her relationship with Jude will go the same way. When he asks her to move in, she panics and states that she is not ready. Shauna's reaction makes Jude question whether she is serious about them and their future, while she tells Sally Fletcher (Kate Ritchie) that she loves him but is afraid to next step in case it does not work out. The next time Shauna sees Jude, she blurts out that she while she does not want to live him she would like to marry him. Despite the impulsive proposal, Jude does not need time to think and he accepts.
Watson told "Inside Soap's" Jason Herbison, "Jude is over the moon about it, and the next morning, word gets out and everyone knows they are engaged. Meanwhile, there's a part of Shauna that thinks 'oh, no, what have I done?' However, Jude is convinced it will work out, which kinds of peps her up too." When Shauna confesses that her major fear about married life is losing the spark in their relationship, Jude organises a romantic breakfast for them on a boat. Shauna thinks the gesture is a great way to celebrate their engagement, however the date turns into a disaster. The sea becomes rough and when Jude goes to put the sail up, he is hit by the mast and falls overboard. Shauna realises that Jude could drown, as he has fallen unconscious, but any strenuous activity could put pressure on her pacemaker. Shauna decides to rescue Jude, but when she gets him back on deck, she starts having breathing difficulties. Jude wakes up and he has to hurry to get them back to dry land, so Shauna can see a doctor.
Heart condition.
When Shauna collapses after a run, hospital tests reveal that she has a serious heart defect. Watson explained "Shauna's condition is called hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. It's generally found in athletes when there's too much pressure on the heart." The actress revealed that Shauna is shocked because sport and her job as a lifeguard mean everything to her. She is prevented from assisting in rescues and has to undergo surgery to have a pacemaker fitted. Shauna then learns that the condition is hereditary, meaning she could pass it on to her children. Her family also need to be tested and Watson described the situation as "a total nightmare for Shauna."
Storylines.
Shauna arrives in Summer Bay and applies for a permanent lifesaver job. Vinnie Patterson conducts the interview and he hires Shauna because she is attractive. However, she also turns out to be good at the job. Adam Cameron (Mat Stevenson) flirts with Shauna and suggests she move into the spare room at the place he is staying. Shortly after she moves in, Shauna finds someone is stealing her clothes and watching her. She suspects Adam and the new high school teacher, Harry, until the culprit is revealed to be her old flatmate, Jillian Williams (Alexandra Davies). Shauna develops feelings for Harry and they begin dating. When Christian (John Atkinson), a hitman, is sent after Harry, he reveals that he is a research scientist in witness protection. Christian takes Shauna hostage, but she and Harry manage to overcome him. Harry's ex-fiancée, Alison, arrives in the Bay and declares her intention to get Harry back. Shauna refuses to fight Alison for Harry and he ultimately decides to stay with her. Shauna asks Harry to move out of the share house when he humiliates her during a self-defence demonstration and she invites Sally Fletcher and Leah Poulos (Ada Nicodemou) to move in.
Shauna's aunt Kate comes to stay, followed by her mother, Margaret. Shauna asks why there are no baby pictures of her and Margaret confesses that she adopted her. Knowing that Kate knew Ailsa Stewart, Shauna realises Ailsa is her biological mother. Ailsa admits that she fell pregnant with Shauna in prison and gave her to Kate to raise, but Kate agreed to let Margaret and her husband adopt her instead. Shauna eventually bonds with Ailsa and her brother, Duncan (Brendan McKensy). Harry and Shauna break up and she begins an affair with Gavin Campbell. When Gavin's wife, Alicia (Caroline Brazier) is found dead, both Shauna and Gavin suspect each other of killing her. Before they can make up, a landslide buries the Stewart house. Gavin helps rescue Shauna, Ailsa, Duncan and Jade Sutherland (Kate Garven), but he dies when the house is destroyed. While out running one day, Shauna collapses. She is diagnosed with a heart condition that requires her to have a pacemaker fitted.
Ailsa dies of a heart attack and Shauna is grateful for the time they spent together. Shauna begins a relationship with Jude Lawson and works hard to bond with his brother, Noah (Beau Brady). While Alf lets Shauna stay on the life saving team, he forbids her to take part in any rescues due to her heart condition. She eventually resigns and decides to take up teaching. Shauna is stalked by Kane Phillips (Sam Atwell) and kidnapped by his brother, Scott (Nathaniel Dean). Kane realises Scott intends to kill Shauna and he unties her. Jude asks Shauna to move in with him, but she asks him to marry her instead. Shauna develops feelings for Flynn Saunders (Martin Dingle-Wall) and she tries to make a move on him. However, Flynn is not interested. Jude becomes angry with Shauna and she decides to take a job in Melbourne. A year later, Shauna returns to the Bay to take care of Alf after he suffers a heart attack. Although Jude is dating Charlotte Adams (Stephanie Chaves-Jacobsen), he and Shauna realise they still have feelings for each other and get back together, before departing for Melbourne.
Reception.
For her portrayal of Shauna, Watson earned a nomination for Most Popular New Female Talent at the 2000 Logie Awards. Karman Kregloe of AfterEllen called Shauna "sassy", while "The People's" Sharon Marshall branded her "feisty". Andrew Mercado, author of "Super Aussie Soaps", said Shauna was a "sexy lifesaver". A writer for "Inside Soap" commented that Shauna's relationship with Harry had "more ups and downs than a kangaroo on a trampoline." While their colleague proclaimed that she played with fire when she got involved with Gavin. In 2012, Channel 5 shortlisted the episode in which Shauna confronts Margaret and learns she is adopted for their "From Day One" feature, which saw viewers vote for their favourite episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="36845610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845610" title="Salvation Nell (1921 film)">
Salvation Nell (1921 film)

Salvation Nell is a 1921 silent film produced by Whitman Bennett and distributed by Associated First National Pictures, later First National Pictures. It was directed by Kenneth Webb and stars Pauline Starke. The film is based on a successful 1908 Broadway play that starred Minnie Maddern Fiske. 
This film survives in the George Eastman House and the Library of Congress collections.
An earlier 1915 version with Beatriz Michelena is now lost. A 1931 talkie version made by Tiffany Pictures survives.

</doc>
<doc id="36845614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845614" title="Cass River">
Cass River

Cass River may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36845668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845668" title="Asemanabad Rural District">
Asemanabad Rural District

Asemanabad Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Central District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,411, in 1,270 families. The rural district has 11 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845671" title="135th Georgia General Assembly">
135th Georgia General Assembly

Overview.
The 135th General Assembly of the U.S. state of Georgia convened its first session on January 8, 1979, at the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta. The 135th Georgia General Assembly succeeded the 134th and served as the precedent for the 136th General Assembly in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="36845681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845681" title="Bijnavand Rural District">
Bijnavand Rural District

Bijnavand Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,017, in 1,670 families. The rural district has 34 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845687" title="2012 AdvoCare 500 (Atlanta)">
2012 AdvoCare 500 (Atlanta)

The 2012 AdvoCare 500 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on September 2, 2012 at Atlanta Motor Speedway in Hampton, Georgia. Contested over 325 laps, it was the twenty-fifth race of the 2012 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season. Denny Hamlin of Joe Gibbs Racing won the race, his fourth of the season, while Jeff Gordon finished second ahead of Brad Keselowski.
Report.
Background.
The track, Atlanta Motor Speedway, is one of ten intermediate to hold NASCAR races, the others being Charlotte Motor Speedway, Chicagoland Speedway, Darlington Raceway, Homestead Miami Speedway, Kansas Speedway, Kentucky Speedway, Las Vegas Motor Speedway, New Hampshire Motor Speedway, and Texas Motor Speedway. The standard track at Atlanta Motor Speedway is a four-turn quad-oval track that is long. The track's turns are banked at twenty-four degrees, while the front stretch, the location of the finish line, and the back stretch are banked at five.
Before the race, Greg Biffle led the Drivers' Championship with 849 points, and Jimmie Johnson stood in second with 838. Dale Earnhardt, Jr. was third in the Drivers' Championship with 834 points, eleven ahead of Matt Kenseth and 37 ahead of Martin Truex, Jr. in fourth and fifth. Clint Bowyer with 794 was four ahead of Brad Keselowski, as Denny Hamlin with 774 points, was seven points ahead of Kevin Harvick, and 28 in front of Tony Stewart. In the Manufacturers' Championship, Chevrolet was leading with 167 points, 30 ahead of Toyota. Ford, with 122 points, was twenty points ahead of Dodge in the battle for third. Jeff Gordon was the race's defending champion.
Practice and qualifying.
Three practice sessions were held before the Sunday race—one on Friday, August 31, and two on Saturday, September 1. The first session lasted 90 minutes, and the second for 55 minutes. The third and final session finished after 50 minutes. Truex, Jr. was quickest with a time of 29.932 seconds in the first session, less than one-tenth of a second faster than Kyle Busch. Stewart was just off Busch's pace, followed by Keselowski, Kasey Kahne, and Bowyer. Kenseth was seventh, still within four-tenths of a second of Truex's time.
Forty-seven cars were entered for qualifying, but only forty-three could qualify for the race because of NASCAR's qualifying procedure. Stewart clinched the fourteenth pole position of his career, with a time of 29.787 seconds. He was joined on the front row of the grid by Biffle. Kyle Busch qualified third, Kenseth took fourth, and Gordon started fifth. Mark Martin, Hamlin, Johnson, Joey Logano and Marcos Ambrose rounded out the top ten. The four drivers that failed to qualify for the race were Michael McDowell, Josh Wise, Stephen Leicht and Mike Bliss. Once the qualifying session concluded, Stewart stated, "That pole is 100 percent due to Ryan Newman. I'm not sure if we'd have run the line I'd planned on running we'd have been that fast. It's awesome having a teammate like that. I don't ever remember being here and seeing anybody run up at the top like he did."
In the second practice session, Biffle was quickest with a time of 30.629 seconds. Kenseth, with a time of 30.675, was second quickest, ahead of Earnhardt, Jr., Truex, Jr., and Bowyer. Gordon, Hamlin, Kyle Busch, Johnson, and Keselowski completed the first ten positions. Kenseth was scored quickest through the third practice session with a time of 30.653, 0.022 seconds faster than his fastest lap during the second session. Gordon was second quickest in the session, while Hamlin was scored third. Kyle Busch followed in the fourth position ahead of Biffle, Keselowski and Stewart. Truex, Jr., Martin and Juan Pablo Montoya rounded out the first ten positions in eighth, ninth and tenth, respectively.
Race.
The race, the 25th in the season, began at 7:30 p.m. EDT and was televised live in the United States on ESPN. Hamlin won the race over second-placed Gordon after coming off of pit lane in the first position during the final caution for Jamie McMurray's crash on the front stretch.

</doc>
<doc id="36845697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845697" title="Shabab Rural District">
Shabab Rural District

Shabab Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in the Shabab District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,420, in 1,554 families. The rural district has 15 villages. The village of Halehsam was chosen to be the new capital of Shabab Rural District after the village of Shabab, The previouse capital was upgraded to a city and was chosen to become the capital city of Shabab District, established on June 30, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36845704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845704" title="Determinant identities">
Determinant identities

The following identity holds for a Schur complement of a square matrix:
The Schur complement arises as the result of performing a block Gaussian elimination by multiplying the matrix "M" from the right with the "block lower triangular" matrix 
Here "I""p" denotes a "p"×"p" identity matrix. After multiplication with the matrix "L" the Schur complement appears in the upper "p"×"p" block. The product matrix is
That is, we have shown that

</doc>
<doc id="36845713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845713" title="Daniel García-Peña">
Daniel García-Peña

Daniel García-Peña Jaramillo was the "High Commissioner for Peace" of Colombia from 8 August 1995 to 7 August 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36845717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845717" title="Zardalan Rural District">
Zardalan Rural District

Zardalan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,518, in 512 families. The rural district has 25 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845732" title="Circumstantial Productions">
Circumstantial Productions

Circumstantial Productions is a multimedia production and book publishing company founded by Richard Connolly in Nyack, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36845734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845734" title="Helilan Rural District">
Helilan Rural District

Helilan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12,069, in 2,422 families. The rural district has 39 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845761" title="Albert Celerin">
Albert Celerin

Albert Celerin (8 September 1912 – 31 December 1997) was a German Luftwaffe Reconnaissance pilot and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36845763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845763" title="Arkansas City High School (Arkansas)">
Arkansas City High School (Arkansas)

The Arkansas City High School was a comprehensive public high school serving students between 1910 and 2004 in Arkansas City, Arkansas, United States. Since 2004 the original 1910 building, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, has served as a courthouse annex for Desha County.
History.
Historic facility.
Arkansas City High School (1910-1983).
Located in Desha County in southeastern Arkansas, the Arkansas City High School was built in 1910 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It was designed by Arkansas architect Clyde A. Ferrell in Colonial Revival and Renaissance Revival style architecture. This building served as the high school until another building located on Arkansas Highway 4 operated between 1983 to 2004.
Courthouse Annex (2005-).
Since its closure in the mid-1980s, the facility feel in disrepair, then in 2003 a $2.2 million renovation completed in 2005 revived the structure and since then has been used as a courthose annex and while the courthouse was undergoing renovations in the early 2000s, the high school housed the county courts also.
Public education in Arkansas City.
Since 2004, the McGehee School District serves Arkansas City's public education needs. Previously the Arkansas City School District served Arkansas City. The district had two schools, Arkansas City Elementary School and Arkansas City High School. The Arkansas City High School mascot was the River Rat, named so do to the town's close proximity to the Mississippi River. In 2004 the Arkansas Legislature approved a law that forced school districts with fewer than 350 students apiece to consolidate with other districts. On July 1, 2004, the Arkansas City district merged into the McGehee district. After the acquisition, the McGehee district continued to operate the Arkansas City campus (located on Arkansas Highway 4) as a K-6 school. By October 2005 the district no longer operated the Arkansas City facility.
New facility.
In the mid-1980s, the school district built a new facility along Arkansas Highway 4 that served as the high school until 2004, then due to the school district consolidation, it was used as an elementary school (K-6) and known as the Arkansas City Campus of the McGehee School District.

</doc>
<doc id="36845770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845770" title="Karezan Rural District">
Karezan Rural District

Karezan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,593, in 929 families. The rural district has 15 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845792" title="Lumar Rural District">
Lumar Rural District

Lumar Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Central District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,223, in 1,276 families. The rural district has 31 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845811" title="Alessandra Sublet">
Alessandra Sublet

Alessandra Sublet (born Alexandra Sublet on October 5, 1976) is a French radio and television presenter. She hosted the daily television program "C à vous" from September 2009 to June 2013 on France 5.
Biography.
Alessandra Sublet was born in Lyon, the daughter of Joël Sublet, a soccer player of the Olympique Lyonnais in the 1970s. She is the cousin of soccer player Willy Sagnol.
Career.
Radio and beginnings on television.
After studying communications and audiovisual in Lyon, she began a career in radio on Nostalgie in 1997 before joining the channel MTV in New York. On her return to France, she joined Radio Nova in 2000 and FG DJ Radio in 2003.
She also started a television career in 2003, working for a year for Match TV as a columnist in "J'y étais" and for TF1 as a columnist for the program "Combien ça coûte ?". She was also a columnist for "La Matinale" on Canal+.
Career on M6.
She joined the channel M6 in 2006. In September, she replaced Virginie Efira to host the program "Classé Confidentiel". In November 2006, 2007 and 2008, she hosted the three first seasons of "La France a un incroyable talent". In December 2006, she hosted the second season of "L'amour est dans le pré" (French version of "Farmer Wants a Wife"), replacing Véronique Mounier while she was pregnant. In 2007, she hosted "Nouvelle Star, ça continue", a follow-up of the reality program "Nouvelle Star" from M6 broadcast during the second part of the evening on W9, another channel of the same group. In August 2008, she participated at an advertisement for the perfume "Magnifique", a new fragrance of Lancôme, broadcast live on M6 from the Musée Rodin.
France Télévisions.
She left M6 in June 2009 to join the channel group France Télévisions. Since September 2009, she hosts the daily television program "C à vous" on France 5. She co-hosted in December 2009 on France 2 a show from the Telethon with Cyril Hanouna. In January 2010, she co-hosted with other presenters from France Télévisions a show dedicated to help the victims of the 2010 Haiti earthquake which was broadcast on France 2. In September 2010, she joined the radio France Inter to present a weekly program on Sunday morning titled "Je hais les dimanches". In February 2011, she left France Inter for a full-time career in television. In April 2011, she hosted "Les grandes voix du Sidaction" during the first part of the evening on France 2. In May 2012, she was replaced for hosting "C à vous" due to maternity leave.
She hosted again "C à vous" in September 2012, but announced in May 2013 that she will not host the next season. She has been replaced by Anne-Sophie Lapix.
Since September 2013, she presents "Fais-moi une place" on France 5, a monthly program in which celebrities present a place where they like to spend their time.
Since January 2014, she presents on France 2 the variety program "Tenue de soirée exigée". The first broadcast was dedicated to crooners, American charm singers.
Other activities.
In 2011, Alessandra Sublet participated at an advertisement for the cosmetic product Garnier Ultralift. In 2013, she renewed her contract with a new advertisement for Garnier and still for the same product.
She released her book "T'as le blues baby ?" on May 2, 2013 at Flammarion to tell about her important maternity blues.
Personal life.
Sublet married in April 2008 before separating in June 2009. She gave birth to a girl named Charlie on June 28, 2012 from her relationship with Clément Miserez, a film and television producer. They married the same year.
Alessandra Sublet is also well known for her short haircut. She has stated herself that she has never felt comfortable with long hair and that her short haircut was a way to impose herself. She also added that she feels much better with short hair and that it suits her perfectly.

</doc>
<doc id="36845822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845822" title="Zangvan Rural District">
Zangvan Rural District

Zangvan Rural District () is a rural district ("dehestan") in Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,679, in 764 families. The rural district has 14 villages. 

</doc>
<doc id="36845908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845908" title="Causecast">
Causecast

Causecast is a pro-social software company. The company provides an online system that helps businesses and organizations manage community giving, employee volunteering, donations, matching, rewarding and cause campaigns ranging from disaster relief to competitive corporate crowdfunding. Since its launch in 2007, Causecast has partnered with a broad range of businesses, including clients in technology, financial services, and manufacturing.
Services.
In 2011, Causecast launched the Community Impact Platform, which offers tools to make workplace giving and volunteering more efficient and which allows corporations to track volunteering and giving efforts in real-time. The platform employs features such as gamification, a mobile application and corporate competitive crowdfunding to increase employee engagement and community impact. In January 2011, Causecast launched the Corporate Philanthropy & Volunteering Blog, which provides information about how workplace volunteering and giving helps companies increase employee engagement, employee retention and employee recruitment, all of which strengthen the corporate bottom line. In May 2012, Causecast launched social media capabilities within its platform, allowing employees to easily enlist their personal networks in their cause activities. In July 2012, Causecast began offering case studies on its website as reference tools for companies interested in optimizing their corporate volunteer and giving programs.
The Community Impact Platform is free to use by nonprofits. Causecast's database of nonprofits include local, regional and national nonprofit organizations, providing volunteer and donation opportunities for its corporate users.
History.
Causecast was formed by Ryan Scott, who - as the co-founder of NetCreations - is widely considered the father of opt-in email marketing. Ryan founded Causecast in 2007 to bring sophisticated technology to volunteer and giving programs. Ryan's commitment to community engagement around social change also led him to form the Impact and Education sections of the Huffington Post with Arianna Huffington.

</doc>
<doc id="36845920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845920" title="Flexopecten glaber">
Flexopecten glaber

Flexopecten glaber is a species of saltwater clam, a scallop, a marine bivalve mollusks in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.
Subspecies.
Subspecies of this species recognized by WoRMS include:
Synonyms:

</doc>
<doc id="36845923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36845923" title="International Resources for the Improvement of Sight">
International Resources for the Improvement of Sight

International Resources for the Improvement of Sight (IRIS) is an International NGO that specializes in prevention of blindness and restoration of sight. It was founded in 1996 by Michele Claudel and John Stewart. It was initially founded to help people in Cambodia without access to eye care, it has since expanded to Nepal, Lao PDR and Sri Lanka. IRIS equips new eye clinics, strengthens existing ones, conducts eye screening, provides cataract surgery for poor people, primary eye care training for staff.
IRIS has partnered with other NGOs to provide funding for services, such as with The Vision Charity in Sri Lanka. IRIS has also partnered with the Cambodian government program National Program for Eye Health in establishing eye clinics. Another partner is the International Centre for Eyecare Education.
As of December 2008, the combined total of IRIS clinic and eye camp programs since its inception in Cambodia had resulted in 125,319 people receiving eye examinations and 23,485 surgeries being performed free of charge, 15,291 of which were to remove cataracts.
In 2011, Roger Freeland Biggs was the CEO of IRIS and he was awarded an OBE "for services to Health in Asia".

</doc>
<doc id="36846007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846007" title="Global Movie">
Global Movie

Global Movie is a magazine, published monthly in India. It is owned by Seema Pimpley. It is primarily a Bollywood magazine and features articles on Bollywood Films, Actors, Stars and Movie Reviews. It also features articles on celebrities, tourism and fashion. The magazine was earlier known as "Movie".
In 2009, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan did the cover shoot and the magazine was re-christened as Global Movie. In June 2010, Priyanka Chopra did the cover shoot. And more recently, Deepika Padukone also shot for the magazine cover.

</doc>
<doc id="36846027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846027" title="Bala Dashteh">
Bala Dashteh

Bala Dashteh (, also Romanized as Bālā Dashteh; also known as Vālā Dasht and Valā Dasht) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846031" title="Stefanie Luiken">
Stefanie Luiken

Stefanie Lucia Mariëlle Luiken (born 16 May 1985) is a Dutch former backstroke swimmer. She participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics and finished sixth with the Dutch 4×100 m medley relay team. She won a bronze medal at the 2004 European Aquatics Championships in the same event.
Luiken was born in Nijmegen, but later moved to Eindhoven to train at the Philips Sport Vereniging club. She won four national titles in backstroke: 50 m and 100 m in 2003 (25 m pool) and 100 m in 2004–2005. While preparing for the 2008 Olympics, she decided to retire from competitive swimming in March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36846032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846032" title="Darren Amoo">
Darren Amoo

Darren Amoo (born June 2, 1990) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL Professional Division.
Career.
Born in Accra, Ghana, Amoo played college soccer at Liberty University between 2008 and 2011. 
On January 17, 2012 Amoo was drafted by Columbus Crew in the 2012 MLS Supplemental Draft third round (48th overall). However, he wasn't signed by the MLS club.
Amoo signed with USL Pro club Pittsburgh Riverhounds on March 29, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36846047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846047" title="Barikeh-ye Farkhinevand">
Barikeh-ye Farkhinevand

Barikeh-ye Farkhinevand (, also Romanized as Bārīkeh-ye Farkhīnehvand; also known as Bārīkeh and Bārīkeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District, Zagros District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846050" title="Huang River (Huai River)">
Huang River (Huai River)

The Huang River () is a tributary of the Huai River in Henan Province, Central China. The Huang rises in southeastern Xin County and flows northward across the Guangshan County and Huangchuan County to reach its mouth at the northeastern Xuezi Town of the Huangchuan County. The river has a length of 140 km and drains an area of 2,400 square km.

</doc>
<doc id="36846057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846057" title="Barikeh-ye Sofla">
Barikeh-ye Sofla

Barikeh-ye Sofla () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846059" title="Gazzetta di Mantova">
Gazzetta di Mantova

Gazzetta di Mantova is a local daily newspaper, published in Mantova, Italy. It was established in 1664 making it one of World's oldest newspapers still existing.

</doc>
<doc id="36846062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846062" title="What Happened to the LA LA's">
What Happened to the LA LA's

"What Happened to the LA LA's" is the tenth studio album by the American rock band, moe. It was released on January 24, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36846074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846074" title="Cham Bur-e Farkhinvand">
Cham Bur-e Farkhinvand

Cham Bur-e Farkhinvand (, also Romanized as Cham Būr-e Farkhīnvand; also known as Cham Būr and Chambūr) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District, Zagros District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 252, in 53 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846099" title="Cities (Talking Heads song)">
Cities (Talking Heads song)

"Cities" was a single released by the American new wave band Talking Heads. It is the fourth track on the 1979 album "Fear of Music".
Song style.
"Cities" is a fast-paced bass and keyboard-led song. Tina Weymouth's bass playing in the song is described as both "melodic" and "funky", while Jerry Harrison's guitar is said to be jittery, but clean-sounding. The song fades both in and out with a very aggressive funky rhythm and the fade-out makes a building-up feeling as it transitions into the next song, "Life During Wartime".
Lyrics.
The song's meaning is simple: it is mainly about a man looking for a city to live in, though lead singer David Byrne's surrealistic yet humorous delivery of the song is anything but simple. The lyrics are both deadpan and silly causing a mixed humor in the song. This combination can be seen in lyrics such as "Did I forget to mention, forget to mention Memphis, home of Elvis and the ancient Greeks."
Other versions.
The jam band, Phish, covered "Cities" on their album "Slip, Stitch and Pass" and it has been played frequently at their concerts.
Track listing.
7" release
12" release

</doc>
<doc id="36846108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846108" title="Cham-e Chameh">
Cham-e Chameh

Cham-e Chameh () is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846113" title="Cham Zard-e Mahizan">
Cham Zard-e Mahizan

Cham Zard-e Mahizan (, also Romanized as Cham Zard-e Māhīzān; also known as Cham Zard) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846122" title="Chenar-e Allah Qoli">
Chenar-e Allah Qoli

Chenar-e Allah Qoli (, also Romanized as Chenār-e Allāh Qolī and Chenār Allāh Qolī) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846127" title="Choqa Shafi">
Choqa Shafi

Choqa Shafi (, also Romanized as Choqā Shafī‘) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846134" title="Zombie Parkour Runner">
Zombie Parkour Runner

Zombie Parkour Runner is an iOS game published in 2011 by Break Media. It is available for free in the App Store.
Summary.
The character, Kara, has been robbed by zombies. In an attempt to retrieve stolen items, the player must parkour through 24 levels. The player can purchase in-app items such as a level pack.
Gameplay.
Zombie Parkour Runner is an auto-running platform game. It features context-sensitive, one touch controls with manually-designed levels. Players are rewarded points and score multipliers for successfully performing parkour within the environment or while evading zombies.
Players can retrieve one stolen item within each level. Once collected, these items are returned to Kara's house where a description can be read. These descriptions present an additional, non-traditional narrative and often allude to a "he". The story reveals who "he" is when players collect the household item found in level 3-8.
Twelve additional levels can be downloaded after an in-app purchase. These levels are more difficult than those found within the core game. An additional twelve items can be retrieved for players who want to further the story.
Zombie Parkour Runner Plus.
On January 5th 2013, the app was re-released for free under the name Zombie Parkour Runner Plus, with the additional levels originally available via in-app purchases made available. This version was published through Shanghai Break Entertainment, rather than Break Media.
Reception.
"Zombie Parkour Runner" was received well, having an overall rating of 4½ stars from over 2,900 users on iTunes. It was given 5 out of 5 on the Gizmodo website, 88 out of 100 on Delta Attack, and 7 out of 10 from IGN It's sequel, "Zombie Parkour Runner Plus", received a rating of 3½ stars from 68 users on itunes.

</doc>
<doc id="36846143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846143" title="Cheshmeh Mahi, Ilam">
Cheshmeh Mahi, Ilam

Cheshmeh Mahi (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Māhī; also known as Sāmān) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 816, in 161 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846147" title="Human rights in Lesotho">
Human rights in Lesotho

Human rights in Lesotho, a nation of 2,067,000 people completely surrounded by South Africa, is a contentious issue. In its 2012 Freedom in the World report, Freedom House declared the country "Partly Free". According to the United States Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor, which produces annual human rights reports on the country, the most pressing human rights issues are the use of torture, poor prison conditions, and the abuse of women and children.
History and political situation.
Lesotho became independent from the United Kingdom in 1966. The period until 1998 saw a series of annulled elections and military coups. 
The following chart shows Lesotho's ratings since 1972 in the Freedom in the World reports, published annually by Freedom House. A rating of 1 is "free"; 7, "not free".
The early 1970s saw the detainment of political refugee members of the Pan Africanist Congress of Azania — a splinter group of the African National Congress — from South Africa. Ntsu Mokhehle, the leader of the Basutoland Congress Party (BCP), was also detained as a political prisoner. A visit by Joan Lestor, Baroness Lestor of Eccles on behalf of Amnesty International (AI) revealed that 90 - 100 members of the BCP were being detained. Most had been released by January 1972. On 6 January 1974, however 20 more members were arrested. After attacks by armed gangs on police sub-stations the next day, further arrests were made, bringing the total to more than 170. On top of this, the BCP claimed over 80 people were killed by the government in retaliation. Many of those arrested were charged with treason. As of 1978 nine members of the BCP were still being held in the Maseru Central Prison.
After clashes and bomb explosions in May 1979, the situation once again became tense between the BCP and the ruling Basotho National Party. After cabinet minister Chief Lepatoa Mou was assassinated by insurgents, the Police Mobile Unit (PMU) began retaliatory attacks, assaulting and killing civilians in Butha-Buthe District. By the end of 1979 more than 600 people had fled to South Africa. These political refugees claimed at least fifty suspected supporters of the insurgents had been killed by the government. 1980 saw many political arrests, including of at least four professors of the National University of Lesotho.
Another series of explosions occurred 1981, including one at the National Airport. These were attributed to the BCP's banned militaristic wing, the Lesotho Liberation Army (LLA). In retaliation the PMU reportedly broke into the home of Benjamin Masilo, chair of the Christian Council of Lesotho. He narrowly escaped death and fled abroad, but his grandson was killed. The PMU then abducted and killed Edgar Motuba, an outspoken critic of the government and editor of the weekly "Leselinyana la Lesotho" newspaper. He was found lying with the corpses of two friends. A visit by AI late that year revealed that other citizens had been killed. 1982 saw reports of torture against political detainees and the emergence of a new political death squad, known as the "Koeeoko". In December the South African Defence Force entered Maseru at night and killed many officials of the African National Congress, as well as twelve citizens of Lesotho. At least forty extrajudicial killings were reported to have been carried out, and most were against unarmed persons. The government, concerned of potential further attacks by the South Africans, began air lifting refugees to Mozambique. Reports of torture and arbitrary arrest continued to leak to the outside world through the next two years.
After the 1998 parliamentary elections gave the Lesotho Congress for Democracy 79 out of 80 seats with just 60.5% percent of the vote, violent protests ensued and the Southern African Development Community intervened militarily. The Interim Political Authority was set up and introduced a system of mixed proportional representation which was first put into effect in the 2002 election.
Political unrest continues. May 2011 saw mass protests and strikes over the poor economic situation.
Current issues (2008–).
Minority and women's rights.
The rights of those with HIV/AIDS is protected by the law. The Lesotho Network of People Living with HIV/AIDS claims that discrimination exists but is on the decline.
Of the National Assembly's 120 seats, 29 are occupied by women, including that of the Speaker and seven of the 19 Ministers. They also constitute seven of the 33 seats in the Senate. Half of the ten High Court judges are female.
A sodomy law exists but is reportedly not enforced. Homosexuality is considered taboo, but an LGBT support group, "Matrix", reportedly freely operates throughout the country.
Child labour is widespread.
Freedom of religion.
Freedom of religion is observed in this dominantly Christian nation.
Freedom of speech.
Freedom of speech is protected by the constitution.
Media and censorship.
Independent newspapers and radio stations can freely criticize the government without repercussions. The government controls its largest radio station and only television station. The State shut down the transmissions of four private radio stations reporting on mass protests in August 2011; these were later blamed on a technical error.
Self-censorship is employed due to occasional libel suits by government ministers. There are no reports of government restrictions of the internet.
Legal system.
There have been no recent reports of arbitrary arrests or political disappearances.
Torture.
While the constitution prohibits the use of torture, reports of its use continue to surface. At least three prisoners died in police custody in 2011. On 3 March 2011 the wife of Tseliso Thatjane of Lithoteng, who allegedly stole a television and DVD player, was arrested and told she would only be released upon his surrender. After giving himself up, he was reportedly beaten with a club and suffocated with a plastic bag. A bribe of 500 maloti was paid for his release.
Prison conditions.
Maseru Central Prison has been reported to have food shortages. Prison rape by gangs is supposedly rife, and due to the high HIV/AIDS rate in the country, considered especially dangerous. According to the Lesotho Correctional Service, 60% of female prisoners are HIV positive.
International treaties.
Lesotho's stances on international human rights treaties are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36846152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846152" title="Seman, Iran">
Seman, Iran

Seman (, also Romanized as Semān and Samān) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 98, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846160" title="Darbid-e Karani">
Darbid-e Karani

Darbid-e Karani (, also Romanized as Dārbīd-e Karanī) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 96, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846168" title="Dar Parusheh">
Dar Parusheh

Dar Parusheh (, also Romanized as Dār Parūsheh and Dārparūsheh; also known as Dāl Parūsheh and Do Āb) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 323, in 63 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846194" title="2012–13 NBL squads">
2012–13 NBL squads

The 2012–13 NBL season is the thirty-fifth season of the NBL. There are eight teams in the competition. The regular season will be played between October 5, 2012 and March 24, 2013, followed by a post-season involving the top four in April 2013. The New Zealand Breakers are the defending champions, for the second straight year.
2012–13 All-Star teams.
North
South

</doc>
<doc id="36846207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846207" title="Darreh Barik, Ilam">
Darreh Barik, Ilam

Darreh Barik (, also Romanized as Darreh Barīk) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 203, in 37 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846210" title="California Historical Landmarks in Sonoma County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Sonoma County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within Sonoma County, California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846211" title="Chinese Taipei at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Chinese Taipei at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Chinese Taipei sent a delegation to compete at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. The team was composed of 18 competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="36846220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846220" title="Darreh Barik">
Darreh Barik

Darreh Barik or Darreh-ye Barik or Darrehbarik () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846225" title="Khordeh Cheshmeh">
Khordeh Cheshmeh

Khordeh Cheshmeh (; also known as Cheshmeh Khvordeh, Khūrdeh Cheshmeh, and Khvordeh Cheshmeh) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 556, in 106 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846226" title="National Communications Network, Guyana">
National Communications Network, Guyana

National Communications Network (NCN) is a national, state-owned television and radio broadcasting corporation in Guyana. It was formed in 2004 through the merger of the government radio service, Guyana Broadcasting Corporation (GBC), and the government-run television service, GTV. NCN's studios are situated on Homestretch Avenue in Georgetown.
History.
NCN is the descendant of two of Guyana's first radio services: Radio Demerara, which was founded in 1951, and British Guiana Broadcasting Service (B.G.B.S), which was founded in December 1958. The former was a British-owned company, and its licence required the station to broadcast BBC material for twenty-one hours a week, and programmes provided by the UK's Central Office of Information (in London) for ten hours a week. The latter focused primarily on sports programs and the coverage of special events. 
In 1968 (two years after Independence), the Government of Guyana took over B.G.B.S's broadcasting facilities, which were located at the Broadcasting House on High Street in Georgetown, and the company was renamed the Guyana Broadcasting Service (GBS). In 1979, the Government of Guyana acquired Radio Demerara as well, and the merger of these two radio services resulted in the Guyana Broadcasting Corporation (GBC). On March 1, 2004, GBC and the Guyana Television Broadcasting Company (GTV) combined to form NCN.
Radio Service.
NCN runs three radio services:Fresh 100.1 FM Re branded in 2012 formerly Radio Roraima (formerly Channel 1), which uses the radio frequency 760 AM (760 kilohertz on the medium wave band No longer broadcasting); Voice of Guyana (formerly Channel 2), which uses the radio frequency 560 AM (560 kilohertz on the medium wave band); and an 102.1FM service - HOT FM - which uses the radio frequency 98.1 FM. All three services are controlled by the government.
Television Service.
NCN's television service is broadcast on Channel 11 in Guyana.With various regional channels in Berbice, Essiqubio and Demerara.

</doc>
<doc id="36846227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846227" title="Gaiety Theatre, Yokohama">
Gaiety Theatre, Yokohama

In 1866 a Dutch merchant, MJB Noordhoek Hegt, built a public hall behind his office on the Bluff in Yokohama Settlement 68. An amateur dramatic club was organized and performed at the public hall. Hegt rented the hall at a very reasonable price for the dramatic club's performances but it soon proved to be too small and was also being used for many other activities so, in 1870, another small theater was built on Honmachi Street and became the original Gaiety Theater.
This theater also proved to be too small for the expanding audiences and in 1885 a new building was built at 256 Yamate and most performances moved to this new building. In 1908 this building was renamed as the Yamanote Gaiety Theater, completely replaced the small Gaiety Theater on Honmachi Street. Performances continued at this location until the Gaiety Theater was completely destroyed in the earthquake of 1923.
The Gaiety the theater was not rebuilt after the earthquake and dramatic performances in Yokohama were all but forgotten. In 1980, Iwasaki Gakuen Academy built a museum at 256 Yamate to commemorate the school's 50th anniversary. During construction of this museum bricks from the original Gaiety Theater were discovered and used in the construction. The museum includes theater space which available for public use and displays of props and clothing used for performances at the original Gaiety Theater.

</doc>
<doc id="36846246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846246" title="Kahreh">
Kahreh

Kahreh (, also Romanized as Kahareh; also known as Bara Khaireh) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,898, in 379 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846264" title="Kalateh, Ilam">
Kalateh, Ilam

Kalateh (, also Romanized as Kalāteh; also known as Kalāteh-ye Halīlān) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 67, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846276" title="Mahizan-e Olya">
Mahizan-e Olya

Mahizan-e Olya (, also Romanized as Māhīzān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Māhīzān and) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 167, in 38 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846280" title="Mahizan-e Sofla">
Mahizan-e Sofla

Mahizan-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Māhīzān-e Soflá; also known as Māhizān) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 270, in 57 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846286" title="Mahizan">
Mahizan

Mahizan () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846288" title="Japan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Japan at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Japan competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London. Japan's team consisted of 116 competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="36846292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846292" title="Mahdiyeh, Ilam">
Mahdiyeh, Ilam

Mahdiyeh (, also Romanized as Mahdīyeh) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 557, in 102 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846300" title="Mahdiyeh">
Mahdiyeh

Mahdiyeh or Mehdiyeh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846307" title="Maleh-e Shirkhan">
Maleh-e Shirkhan

Maleh-e Shirkhan (, also Romanized as Maleh-e Shīrkhān and Maleh Shīrkhān) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District, Zagros District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 9 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846324" title="Pelah Kabud">
Pelah Kabud

Pelah Kabud (, also Romanized as Pelah Kabūd and Pelleh Kabūd; also known as Pelah Kabūd-e Soflá) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 465, in 91 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846340" title="Palkil">
Palkil

Palkil (, also Romanized as Palḵīl; also known as Pol Kal) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846351" title="Poshteh-ye Kabud">
Poshteh-ye Kabud

Poshteh-ye Kabud (, also Romanized as Poshteh-ye Kabūd and Poshteh Kabūd; also known as Posht Kabūd) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846360" title="Carlos Lozano de la Torre">
Carlos Lozano de la Torre

Carlos Lozano de la Torre (born February 9, 1950) is a Mexican politician and a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He was elected Governor of Aguascalientes on July 4, 2010. Lozano was sworn into office on December 1, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36846361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846361" title="Posht Kabud">
Posht Kabud

Posht Kabud () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846366" title="Saman, Ilam">
Saman, Ilam

Saman (, also Romanized as Sāmān) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 787, in 150 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846379" title="Hadji Boudebza">
Hadji Boudebza

Hadji Boudebza is a French rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Boudebza played for Paris Saint-Germain in the 1996 Super League and in 1997 played in the Super League World Nines.
He played for France in six test matches between 1994 and 1997, including in one match at the 1995 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36846389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846389" title="Lie Tek Swie">
Lie Tek Swie

Lie Tek Swie (fl. 1929–1940) was a Chinese-Indonesian film director active in the early cinema of the Dutch East Indies. He is thought to have begun his career at a film distributor's office before making his directorial debut in 1929 with "Njai Dasima", the first of three literary adaptations that he directed. His other three films, two of which were made for Tan's Film, were original stories. In 1941 Lie was a founding member of the Standard Film Company, which closed in 1942.
Early career.
According to Bachtiar Effendi, an actor and later film director who had worked with Lie several times, Lie had worked at a film distributor's office before joining Tan's, handling the distribution and sometimes editing of Hollywood imports. The Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran credits this as giving Lie a wider worldview and more modern sensibilities while directing. In 1929 Lie directed his first film, "Njai Dasima", for Tan's Film. The two-part film, which followed a woman who was tricked into leaving her wealthy lover by a "delman" driver, was a critical success; it was Lie's first adaptation of a literary work, having been derived from the novel "Tjerita Njai Dasima" ("Story of Njai Dasima"), written by G. Francis in 1896.
This was followed by a sequel, "Nancy Bikin Pembalesan" ("Nancy Takes Revenge") in 1930, which followed Dasima's adult daughter Nancy in a quest to avenge her mother's death; this work was also a success. According to Biran, around this time Lie developed an interest in ethnography and began inserting documentation of cultural habits. Later that year Lie directed "Si Ronda" for Tan's, an action film which told of a bandit named Ronda. Lie directed another novel adaptation, the two-part "Melati van Agam" ("Jasmine of Agam"), in 1931; the original work had been written by Parada Harahap under the pen name "Swan Pen" in 1923.
Post-Tan's.
No information is available on Lie's activities between 1932 and 1941. He left Tan's in 1932, reportedly as his approach no longer matched Tan's low-class target audience and caused the works to go over-budget; the company itself was closed between 1932 and 1938. Lie resurfaced in 1941 when he joined with the Tan Brothers – the owners of Tan's Film – to establish Standard Film Company, under the management of the British-trained Touw Teng Iem.
Lie directed two of the company's three productions. These two films were "Ikan Doejoeng" ("Mermaid") and "Siti Noerbaja". "Ikan Doejoeng" was an original production which followed a girl who becomes a mermaid after having to choose between a man she loves and a man she is forced to marry, while "Siti Noerbaja" was an adaptation of Marah Rusli's 1923 novel of the same name which follows a young woman – who is killed by her greedy husband – and her ex-lover – who avenges her death. The last one, "Selendang Delima" ("The Pomegranate Shawl"; 1941), was directed by the former dramatist Henry L. Duarte before Standard closed in 1942 following the Japanese invasion.
Filmography.
All as director

</doc>
<doc id="36846391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846391" title="2012 US Open – Girls' Singles">
2012 US Open – Girls' Singles

Grace Min was the defending champion, having won the event in 2011, but did not compete.
Wildcard Samantha Crawford defeated twelfth seed Anett Kontaveit in the final 7–5, 6–3, to win her first junior grand slam title.

</doc>
<doc id="36846392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846392" title="Shahbazan">
Shahbazan

Shahbazan (, also Romanized as Shahbāzān) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 27 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846394" title="Shahbazvand">
Shahbazvand

Shahbazvand (, also Romanized as Shahbāzvand; also known as Shahbāzān) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 291, in 64 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846401" title="Shahrak-e Emam, Ilam">
Shahrak-e Emam, Ilam

Shahrak-e Emam (, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 442, in 95 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846407" title="Sar Cham, Ilam">
Sar Cham, Ilam

Sar Cham () is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 502, in 98 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846408" title="Battlepug">
Battlepug

Battlepug is a webcomic written and illustrated by Mike Norton and colored by Allen Passalaqua.
History.
Norton created the characters for "Battlepug" in a rush to create a t-shirt for iFanboy.com. In February 2011, Norton launched his webcomic, "Battlepug". A dark-humored, fantasy-genred revenge story, "Battlepug" is about the last surviving member of the Kinmundian Tribe known only as "The Warrior", his steed, the "Battlepug", and their traveling companion, Scrabbly. The story is narrated by Moll, who recounts the tale to her talking dogs, a Pug named Mingo and a French Bulldog named Colfax. The first year of strips was collected into a hardcover by Dark Horse Comics and released July 4, 2012.
In mid-2012, Mike Norton won the Best Digital Comic Eisner award for "Battlepug".
Every Friday, Norton released pictures of "Battlepug" readers and their pugs in "Friday Battlepuggage"
Characters.
The Warrior.
The protagonist of the story goes by simply The Warrior. As a boy, he was the sole survivor of an attack by giant baby seal orchestrated by a mysterious man riding a tiger called Catwulf on the people of Kinmundy, it claimed the lives of The Warrior's mother and father. He was then captured by a parody of Santa Claus and Christmas elves and forced to fight and fuel the fires of the toy workshop. Eventually, he was allowed to get revenge on the seal and the factory and set about on his quest for revenge on the mysterious man. The Warrior is clearly influenced by works like Conan the Barbarian and other fantasy barbarians.
The Battlepug.
The Warrior's trusty, but dimwitted and slobbery steed is a giant pug. At first, The Warrior is very reluctant to be partnered with the Battlepug. However, it is clear the Battlepug has a strong connection to The Warrior and views him as his master.
Scrabbly.
Scrabbly meets The Warrior in the abandoned swamp village of Patoka. He is a somewhat crazy old hermit and often goes on rambling speeches using the words scribbly and scrabbly.
Moll.
"Battlepug" is a bedside story being told by the attractive Moll to her two talking dogs, Mingo the Pug and Colfax the French Bulldog, while she passes time waiting in a lavish room, supposedly with no doors, in a tower high above a grand city.
Story arcs.
"Battlepug" is a revenge story that is dotted with absurd and often comical monster battles as The Warrior travels across a mystical world in search of vengeance.
The first volume of "Battlepug" is called "Blood and Drool".
In Print.
The first year of "Battlepug" comics were collected into a hardcover book published by Dark Horse Comics on July 4, 2012.
Reception.
"Battlepug" was rapidly beloved and earned an Eisner Award for Best Digital Comic in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36846414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846414" title="Sar Cham">
Sar Cham

Sar Cham or Sarcham () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846430" title="Sargel-e Farkhinvand">
Sargel-e Farkhinvand

Sargel-e Farkhinvand (, also Romanized as Sargel-e Farkhīnvand; also known as Sargel and Sargel-e Farkhīvand) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District, Zagros District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846443" title="Sorkheh Lijeh">
Sorkheh Lijeh

Sorkheh Lijeh (, also Romanized as Sorkheh Lījeh; also known as Kazābād and Sar Khalījeh) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 234, in 54 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846451" title="GetGoing">
GetGoing

GetGoing is a consumer-oriented online travel company headquartered in San Francisco, California. The company, which focuses on helping travelers discover and book affordable trips, was recently named one of the 50 best websites of 2013 by Time Magazine. A Y-Combinator funded company, it was co-founded by Alek Vernitsky, Alek Strygin and Ilya Gluhovsky in 2011. GetGoing offers two unique flight booking products - Pick Two, Get One and FlightFinder.
Pick Two, Get One.
GetGoing offers a steep discount in airfare prices in exchange for slight destination flexibility by the consumer. The service asks consumers to pick two flights to two different destinations that they might be interested in (e.g. someone who wants to go to Europe from New York, selecting London and Paris as two alternatives). Users see and control the details of the two flights, including arrival and departure times, flight duration, and the number of stops. Immediately after agreeing to purchase one of the two itineraries, the customer is charged for one of the itineraries and informed of their destination. The services coins this their "Pick Two, Get One" platform.
The idea behind the concept lies in finding a solution to sell unsold airline inventory. Airlines are willing to offer a steep discount to flexible leisure travelers and GetGoing aims to connect these consumers with the empty seats, with discounts up to 40% off. By having to choose two potential destinations, consumers prove to the airlines that they truly are a leisure traveler. In addition to offering cost savings, another draw with GetGoing is the fact that one can discover new, affordable destinations they may not have thought of traveling to. The product is somewhat comparable to the Opaque travel inventory models popularized by Priceline.com and Hotwire.com.
Currently, the company is offering flights departing from 47 U.S. airports to about 50 countries, with more departure points and destinations coming soon.
FlightFinder.
FlightFinder allows a customer to search by airport, city, country, region or experience and it returns the most affordable and convenient options. Instead of having to run multiple searches from, for example, New York City to various destinations in Europe, consumers can run one search and view fares to dozens of destinations with one click. Additionally, the feature displays potential cheaper fares to nearby and similar destinations. Ultimately, travelers can book a flight to the destination they originally had in mind, or discover a less expensive alternative that provides a similar experience.

</doc>
<doc id="36846463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846463" title="Tazehabad-e Zir Khaki">
Tazehabad-e Zir Khaki

Tazehabad-e Zir Khaki (, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Zīr Khākī; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 84, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846473" title="Tokhm-e Balut-e Olya">
Tokhm-e Balut-e Olya

Tokhm-e Balut-e Olya (, also Romanized as Tokhm-e Balūţ-e ‘Olyā; also known as Karbesāneh and Karsīāneh) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 641, in 143 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846481" title="Hildesheimer Allgemeine Zeitung">
Hildesheimer Allgemeine Zeitung

Hildesheimer Allgemeine Zeitung is a German newspaper published in Hildesheim, Germany. It was established as "Hildesheimer Relations Courier", first published on 24 June 1705.

</doc>
<doc id="36846483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846483" title="Peter Hertz">
Peter Hertz

Peter Julius Hertz (June 1, 1874 in Copenhagen - 26 March 1939) was a Danish art historian and museum worker.
Peter Hertz was the son of Julius Hertz (1842-1920), a wholesale merchant, and his wife Henriette F. Hertz (1850-1921. Hertz became a graduate student at a private college in 1893 and took many philosophy courses. Until 1896, he attended a technological school, while he worked as a brick layer and learned how to be an architect. Then he began independent art historical studies and eventually went to study in 1899 on a three-year trip to Germany and Italy. In 1901 he worked in London, but he began to travel for his studies in 1903, primarily in Italy, but also in the Netherlands.
During those years, he focused on Classical Architecture, obtaining a Doctorate in Philosophy. He was also interested in contemporary art in Denmark and wrote ""Gennembruddet i 70'erne, Betragtninger i Anledning af Raadhusudstillingen og den Hirschsprungske Samling"" ("The breakthrough in the 70s, Reflections on the occasion of Raadhusudstillingen and the Hirschsprung Collection" in Art, IV, 1902–03). In 1915, he was hired to be the curator of the Danish National Museum of Art. As his main interest began to shift more towards contemporary art, he started to advocate for it through making monographs and working on the biographies of L. A. Ring, Gerhard Henning and Kai Nielsen.
Hertz served on the board of the Danish Museum of Art Association and the Association of French Arts. In 1919, Hertz founded the Association for Contemporary Art and also served as its first President. From 1934 he was a member of the Board of the Rønnenkamp'ske Grant. He was knighted into the Order of the Polar Star.
His first marriage started on the 16th of December 1899 in Schöneberg town hall in Berlin, with pianist Karen Wellmann (24 September 1875 in Køng (She later married the painter Herman Vedel in 1906), daughter of doctor Carl William Wellman (1842-1885) and Mathilde Sophie Krebs (1845-1916, who married Olaf Ryberg Hansen in 1889, following the death of her husband). He was married a second time on the 14th of September 1906 in Copenhagen with the pianist Ina Sophie Oline Meyer (October 6, 1882 in Copenhagen), who was the daughter of choral conductor and singing teacher Albert Meyer (1839-1921) and Camilla Oettinger (b. 1852). This marriage was also dissolved, and he married a third time on December 22, 1924 in Copenhagen to Olga Valborg Johnsson, (born 17 March 1883 in Glumslev, Scania) daughter of proprietary Johan Johnsson (1855-1904) and Fredrika Wilhelmina Carlström (1857-1914).
He was portrayed by Herman Vedel in 1901, 1902 and 1903, Fritz Burger in Switzerland, L. A. Ring, and about 1932 other drawings including some by Ludvig Find (Frederiksborg Museum) and Arne Lofthus about.

</doc>
<doc id="36846486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846486" title="Tokhm-e Balut-e Sofla">
Tokhm-e Balut-e Sofla

Tokhm-e Balut-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Tokhm-e Balūţ-e Soflá; also known as Varkabūd) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 468, in 99 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846500" title="Tokhm-e Balut">
Tokhm-e Balut

Tokhm-e Balut () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846509" title="Henry Wolfe Gummer">
Henry Wolfe Gummer

Henry Wolfe Gummer, also known as Henry Wolfe (born November 13, 1979) is an American songwriter, musician, singer, and actor based in Los Angeles, California.
Early life.
Henry Wolfe is the son of sculptor Don Gummer and actress Meryl Streep. He grew up in Los Angeles and Connecticut, with his younger sisters, actress Grace Gummer, actress Mamie Gummer and Louisa Gummer.
Wolfe graduated from Dartmouth College in 2002.
Music.
Wolfe first made his mark as a musician as co-founder of the New York indie pop band Bravo Silva. Bravo Silva released an EP entitled 'July' in 2004 and an eponymous full length album in 2005.
Following Bravo Silva's dissolution, Wolfe relocated to Los Angeles and began to perform as a solo act under his current moniker. In 2009, Wolfe released two EPs, ‘The Blue House’ composed of original material and ‘Wolfe Sings Field,’ made up of songs penned by Portland-based writer Peter Field. Wolfe’s full-length debut, entitled ‘Linda Vista’ was released in 2011 on Wolfe’s own Undermountain Music label. Produced by Aaron Older and Nico Aglietti of Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeroes and featuring members of Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeroes, Dawes and Ariel Pink’s Haunted Graffiti, Linda Vista was received positively by music critics such as Rolling Stone Magazine and led to Wolfe being named as an "artist to watch" by the Los Angeles Times.
On March 2, 2011, Wolfe made his network television debut as a musical guest on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, performing 'Someone Else' and 'Stop The Train' from his Linda Vista album. He also gave an in-studio performance for WNYC Soundcheck with John Schaefer in May 2011.
Wolfe's songs have been licensed in major motion pictures with 'Someone Else' being featured in the film Terri directed by Azazel Jacobs and starring John C. Reilly, and an early version of 'Stop The Train' appearing in Julie and Julia. Azazel Jacobs directed the music video for 'Someone Else' which starred Brit Marling.
Acting career.
Wolfe has appeared in numerous films, including the 2006 film Lying and the 2011 film 'The Wait', which were both directed by M Blash. Wolfe also had a small role in The Good Shepherd. Wolfe also appeared in a film called "Wolfe With An E", which was directed by David Louis Zuckerman.

</doc>
<doc id="36846510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846510" title="Tang-e Zardeh-ye Farkhinvand">
Tang-e Zardeh-ye Farkhinvand

Tang-e Zardeh-ye Farkhinvand (, also Romanized as Tang-e Zardeh-ye Farkhīnvand; also known as Meleh Shotorkhān, Tang Zard, and Tang Zard-e Farkhīvand) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846514" title="Dr. Champ">
Dr. Champ

Dr. Champ () is a 2010 South Korean television series about a doctor caught in a love triangle between a judo athlete and a crippled doctor who was once a speed-skating star.

</doc>
<doc id="36846520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846520" title="Conspiracy (1930 film)">
Conspiracy (1930 film)

Conspiracy is a 1930 mystery melodrama produced and distributed by RKO Pictures and directed by Christy Cabanne. It is based on a play by Robert M. Baker and stars Bessie Love, Ned Sparks and Hugh Trevor. This film is not connected to another RKO film made in 1939 of the same name.
Preserved at the Library of Congress.
Reception.
The film recorded a loss of $50,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36846522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846522" title="Kandy Tamer">
Kandy Tamer

Kandy Tamer is an Australian-born rugby league player who represented Lebanon in the 2000 World Cup, playing in three matches.
Tamer played one match for the Eastern Suburbs Roosters in the 1994 NSWRL Premiership.

</doc>
<doc id="36846523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846523" title="Tang Zard">
Tang Zard

Tang Zard () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846524" title="Servicio de Inteligencia Militar">
Servicio de Inteligencia Militar

The Servicio de Inteligencia Militar (SIM) (English: Military Intelligence Service) was the main instrument during the later part of the dictatorship of Rafael Trujillo to keep control within the Dominican Republic. 
Operation.
Around 1957 the Department of State for Security, headed by General Arturo Espaillat was dissolved, replaced by SIM and its sister agency, the Servicio Central de Inteligencia (SCI). Under the leadership of Johnny Abbes SIM employed thousands of people and was involved in immigration, passports, censorship, supervision of aliens, and undercover work. At the Palace of Communications some fifty people intercepted and recorded domestic and foreign phone conversations. Its secret activities used murder, kidnapping, extorsion and terror to achieve its goals. Money was spend to lobby American legislators.
In the population members of SIM were known as "caliés" (Thugs), they patrolled the streets in their black VW beetles called "cepillos" (brushes). Infamous detention centers were La Nueve (The Nine) and La Cuarenta (The Forty) where prisoners were tortured and killed. 
SIM was dissolved in 1962, after the fall of the Trujillo regime.

</doc>
<doc id="36846528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846528" title="7 Boxes">
7 Boxes

7 Boxes (released in Spanish as "7 Cajas") is a Paraguayan thriller film directed by Juan Carlos Maneglia and Tana Schémbori.
Initially the film was to be released in June 2011, but was delayed when the film was accepted as a competitor in the International Film Festival of San Sebastian in Spain.
After months of work, the film was finally released on August 10, 2012, and received praise from critics and the public as well as breaking box office records in Paraguayan cinemas. "7 Boxes" won the "Films in Progress" in what was the first unanimous decision in the festival's history.
Plot.
On a hot Friday in April 2005 in Asunción, a 17 year old pushcart porter named Victor (Celso Franco) is distracted while daydreaming about being famous and admired at a DVD booth in the middle of a market, causing him the loss of a customer. Acknowledging the competitiveness of the market, and fearing for the security of his job, Victor realizes that he needs to work harder to make money that day. He then receives an unusual proposal: He is asked to transport seven boxes of unknown contents, in exchange for half of a torn $100 bill and the promise of the other half when the job is done. With a borrowed cell phone, which the contractor uses to keep track of his progress, Victor begins the journey accompanied by a hyperactive young woman named Liz (Lali Gonzalez). While crossing the eight blocks covering the market, one of the boxes is stolen and Victor loses the cell phone, and the police are roaming the market searching for something. Meanwhile, a group of porters is ready to escort the boxes for almost nothing. Unknowingly, Victor, Liz, and their pursuers are involved in a crime of which they know nothing; not the cause, nor the victim or perpetrator. As night falls Victor realizes that he is now an accomplice in a dangerous crime.
Accolades.
The film has been nominated at the 27th Goya Awards for Best Spanish Language Foreign Film representing Paraguay.
"7 Boxes" won the "Films in Progress" in what was the first unanimous decision at the International Film Festival of San Sebastian.
Critical reception.
7 Boxes was met with universal acclaim. The film scored a perfect rating of 100% on the review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes based on 25 reviews as well as receiving a score of 92% on the website's audience approval rating.
Filming.
Juan Carlos Maneglia was a regular visitor to Asunción's Mercado 4, and in 2004, he began planning to film the porters and vendors who worked there. The shooting of the film took place mainly at night. "7 Boxes" had a cast of 30 people and a large crew. The production included an office near the shopping area, with the support of the leadership of the Municipal Market No. 4 for logistics and safety of the film crew. The National Police accompanied the filmmakers for some sequences in which some sectors needed to be closed off for location shooting. The script provides about 75 locations for about 179 scenes. The filming of "7 Boxes" lasted two months and two days of shooting, where more than 40 technicians and actors participated in the filming.
Production.
"7 Boxes" was directed by Juan Carlos Maneglia and Tana Schémbori. The original script was cowritten by Maneglia and Tito Chamorro. Richard Careaga performed the cinematography, and the Synchro team carried out the coordination of the technical operation. The original music was composed by Fran Villalba, and production and post-production were performed by Schémbori and Maneglia. The executive producers are Jou Vicky Ramirez, Camilo Guanes and Rocio Galiano, while Oniria is the advertising agency of the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="36846542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846542" title="Lance Lewis">
Lance Lewis

Lance Lewis (born November 1, 1988) is an American football wide receiver of the National Football League (NFL). He was signed by the Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent in 2012 and, following a successful tryout, returned to the team in 2013. He played college football for East Carolina University.
Professional career.
Washington Redskins.
Lewis was signed by the Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent on April 29, 2012. In early August, he suffered a groin injury that caused him to be inactive for the 2012 preseason. He was waived with an injury settlement on August 27.
Lewis returned to the Redskins on May 14, 2013 following a successful tryout during the team's rookie mini-camp in early May. The Redskins waived him on August 31, 2013 for final roster cuts before the start of 2013 season, he was signed to the team's practice squad the next day. Lewis was signed to the active roster on November 21, 2013 after the team placed Leonard Hankerson to injured reserve. He was waived on December 18, 2013.
Dallas Cowboys.
On December 20, 2013, Lewis signed to the practice squad of the Dallas Cowboys. Ten days later, the Cowboys signed him to a futures contract.

</doc>
<doc id="36846543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846543" title="Jorge Herrera Caldera">
Jorge Herrera Caldera

Jorge Herrera Caldera (born January 8, 1963) is a Mexican who has served as the Governor of Durango since September 2010. He is a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Herrera was elected Governor of Durango in 2010 with 46.4% of the vote, narrowly defeating challenger José Rosas Aispuro of the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) and National Action Party (PAN), who placed second with 44.7% of the vote. He was sworn into office on September 15, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36846548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846548" title="Merchant factor">
Merchant factor

Merchant factor may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846551" title="Varbar">
Varbar

Varbar (; also known as Varbar-e Helīlān) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 109, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846563" title="Zahervand-e Sofla">
Zahervand-e Sofla

Zahervand-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Z̧āhervand-e Soflá; also known as Z̧āhervand, Zāre‘vand-e Pā’īn, and Zāre‘vand-e Soflá) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 241, in 49 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846586" title="Zich">
Zich

Zich () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846598" title="Carl Wolfgang Benjamin Goldschmidt">
Carl Wolfgang Benjamin Goldschmidt

Carl Wolfgang Benjamin Goldschmidt (1807–February 15, 1851) was a German astronomer, mathematician, and physicist of Jewish descent who was a professor of astronomy at the University of Göttingen. He is also known as Benjamin Goldschmidt, C. W. B. Goldschmidt, Carl Goldschmidt, and Karl Goldschmidt.
Goldschmidt, who suffered from an enlargement of the heart, died in his sleep and was found on the morning of February 15, 1851.
Mathematical works.
A student of Carl Friedrich Gauss and an assistant to Gauss at the university observatory, Goldschmidt frequently collaborated with Gauss on various mathematical and scientific works. Goldschmidt was in turn a professor of Gauss's protegé Bernhard Riemann. Data gathered by Gauss and Goldschmidt on the growth of the logarithmic integral compared to the distribution of prime numbers was cited by Riemann in "On the Number of Primes Less Than a Given Magnitude", Riemann's seminal paper on the prime-counting function.
In 1831, Goldschmidt wrote a mathematical treatise in Latin, "Determinatio superficiei minimae rotatione curvae data duo puncta jungentis circa datum axem ortae" ("Determination of the surface-minimal rotation curve given two joined points about a given axis of origin"). The paper dealt with the problem in the calculus of variations of determining the minimal surface of revolution, the surface of revolution of the planar curve between two given points which minimizes surface area. Solutions to the problem exist which are not continuous; such discontinuous solutions are known as Goldschmidt solutions in honor of Goldschmidt's discovery of them.
Physics works.
In 1834, Goldschmidt co-authored, in German, the textbook "Lehrbuch der analytischen Optik" ("Textbook of Analytical Optics") with J. C. Eduard Schmidt. Together with Gauss and Wilhelm Eduard Weber, Goldschmidt published in 1840 "Atlas des Erdmagnetismus: nach den Elementen der Theorie entworfen" ("Atlas of Geomagnetism: According to the Elements of the Theory of Design"), a series of magnetic maps. In 1845, Goldschmidt published, also in German, a book on electromagnetism, "Untersuchungen über die magnetische Declination in Göttingen" ("Studies of the Magnetic Declination in Göttingen").

</doc>
<doc id="36846602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846602" title="Zich, Ilam">
Zich, Ilam

Zich (, also Romanized as Zīch; also known as Zaj-e Tāzehābād and Zīj) is a village in Ghaleh Rural District, Zagros District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 7 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846614" title="Zir Khaki">
Zir Khaki

Zir Khaki (, also Romanized as Zīr Khāḵī) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 264, in 52 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846618" title="Jan Randles">
Jan Randles

Jan Randles is a Paralympic athletics competitor from Australia who competed in the 1984 New York/Stoke Mandeville Paralympics as a classified "4" athlete in the Women's Marathon, 5000 m, 1500 m and 800 m. She won two medals: a gold medal in the Women's Marathon 4 event and a bronze in the Women's 5000 m 4 event.
References.
Jan Randles has made no further major paralympic appearances as of 1.1.14

</doc>
<doc id="36846620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846620" title="Hoàng Sa District">
Hoàng Sa District

Hoàng Sa is an island district of Da Nang in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam. It covers an area of 305 km2 of the Paracel Islands, including these main features: Pattle Island, North Reef, Robert Island, Discovery Reef, Passu Keah, Triton Island, Tree Island, North Island, Middle Island, South Island, Woody Island, Lincoln Island, Duncan Island, Bombay Reef, Observation Bank, West Sand, Vuladdore Reef, Pyramid Rock. In 2009, Vietnam appointed an official to be the chairman of Hoàng Sa District, Dang Cong Ngu. Vietnam does not control any of the islands it claims and the entire Paracel Islands is under the administration of the People's Republic of China as part of Sansha prefecture.
Vietnam established Hoàng Sa district in 1982 as part of Quang Nam-Da Nang province. Since Quảng Nam and Da Nang were split in November 1996, the island district has belonged to Da Nang.

</doc>
<doc id="36846622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846622" title="Ingiriya">
Ingiriya

Ingiriya (ඉංගිරිය) (இங்கிரிய) is a town in Kalutara District of Western Province . It is situated near the border of Western Province and Sabaragamuwa Province and it is a junction which connects Rathnapura-Panadura Road,Ingiriya-Padukka Road and Ingiriya-Bulathsinhala Roads. 
All the Nationalities representing Sinhalese 89.5%, Tamils 9.5%, and others 1% lives in the town.
In 2001, the city Ingiriya had a population of 45,726, and in 2012, it has increased to 53,645. The area is approximately 9204 hectares. There are about 13,801 families living here. This consisted of Buddhist 89.4%, Hindus 10%, Christians 1.6% and Others 0.1%.
Location.
Ingiriya can be accessed via the A8 (Rathnapura - Panadura) highway (33 km from Panadura, 35.8 km from Rathnapura), by Padukka - Ingiriya Road (16.80 km from Padukka, 18.20 km from Meepe) or by the Egaloya - Ingiriya Road (11 km from Egaloya). Ingiriya is one of the borders of Kalutara District and Western Province. Ella, the next town after Ingiriya towards Rathnapura side, belongs to Ratnapura District, Sabaragamuwa Province and Padukka, the next town after Ingiriya towards Padukka side, belongs to Colombo District.
"Diistance from Ingiriya to Nearby Towns"
Geography.
The Ingiriya city spreads starting, 24 km from the sea side of the country to 8.8 km to the inner side of the country.
Basically, the area is full of lonely mountains and the east border contains more mountain characteristics. The highest land of the area is Madakada Giranchi Mountain with 1165 feet height. The Eduragala Mountain is also over 700 feet in height. The eastern part contains some higher mountains over 500 feet here and there and also in western part there are same kind of mountains. But the 60% of the whole land is plain.
The Kalu river flows along the southern border of Ingiriya and many streams flow from various places of the zone to Kalu River. From the eastern part it flows Nambapana stream and the largest stream of the area, Mawak Oya starts from North and flows along west side and connects to the Kalu river in the South.
Climate.
Ingiriya belongs to the Low Country Wet Zone. The climate is very medium. The area gets a 3500mm-4500mm rainfall. The annual rainfall rate is 4200mm. As this area is in wet zone low lands, it gets rain from both East west Monsoon and South west Monsoon as shown below. . 
Natural Disasters.
Ingiriya city faces only one natural disaster time to time. Its the flood. The Kalu river which flows along southern border overflows and Nambapana, Eastern and Western Urugala, Western Ingiriya town, Wagawatta, Kekulaliya, Western Poruwadanda and Dombagaskanda areas face the flood threat.
Agriculture.
Ingiriya belongs to the Low Country Wet Agricultural Zone. The annual rainfall rate is about 4200mm and the annual temperature is about 29-75 Celsius. Ingiriya gets rainfall from both South West monsoon and East West monsoon. So the land and climate is very suitable for Cultivation. All the main Cash Crops, Tea, Rubber, Coconut and Paddy is grown in Ingiriya. 
As per 2009 reports there are 5039 acres of rubber plantation, 1569 acres of tea plantation, 1500 acres of coconut plantation and 22 acres of land cultivated with paddy. 
Administration.
Ingiriya Divisional Secretariat office is the main administration institute that ingiriya city is ruled under. Ingiriya was a part of the Horana Divisional Secretariat earlier. In August 14 of year 2000, 31 Grama Niladhari divisions were divided and they were assigned to Ingiriya Divisional Secretariat. This change was occurred due to the large size of Horana division and the increment of the population.
The government health services of Ingiriya are supplied by Ingiriya Medical Officer of Health office and by Ingiriya District Hospital. The prevention process is done by the Ingiriya Medical Officer of Health office and by treatments are done by the Ingiriya District Hospital.
The Medical Officer of Health (MOH) office is the main preventive medicine center for public health activities in the region, situated at Horana Road in Ingiriya town.
The Ingiriya Police Station which was started in 1948 plays the major role in security.
The Main Post Office is situated in the Ingiriya town which is an A grade Post Office. Other Sub Post Offices are situated in surrounding areas.
There is a Fuel Station in the town which is run by Ingiriya Co-Operative Office and another 2 private fuel stations at Handapangoda and Eduragala. 
Transportation.
There are two Bus Stands in Ingiriya city. All the buses which travel along A8 road parks at the new bus stand along A8 road. All other buses park at the old bus stand along Ingiriya-Padukka Road.
"Buses Start from Ingiriya"
"Buses travel across Ingiriya"
Natural Beauty.
Nachchimale.
Nachchimale (නාච්චිමලේ) is the most famous area of Ingiriya. You can reach here by traveling about 1 mile towards padukka from Ingiriya town. You must turn left to the Keenagahawila road from Maha Ingiriya Junction. After travelling about 1 and half miles towards that road, you will reach there after passing the Madakada Aranya Senasana Road. The Nachchimale port is a part of the Nambapana Lake. Beautiful waterfalls, stone holes filled with clear water are a common scene. Thousands of foreigners and local visitors come to visit Nachchimale to bathe and have fun.
Though we must be happy of the visitors coming here, there is a sad side also. This area contains the most environmental pollution of Ingiriya. As the visitor number increases, the harm done to the natural environment is also been increasing day by day. Its a common scene that there are lots of bottles and polythene been thrown here and there. This has been a major problem to the environment and the residents. Time to time many organizations including Ingiriya Police Station do shramadana programs to clean this area.
Madakada Aranya Senasanaya.
You can reach here by traveling about 1 mile towards Padukka from Ingiriya town. You must turn left to the Keenagahawila road from Maha Ingiriya Junction. After travelling about 1 and half miles towards that road, you will reach there.
The history of this Monastery goes back to 1940 and there were over 100 meditative monks living here at that time. The new Monastery was built by Rev. Ranwala Saddhatissa thero in 1948. At the ancient time this area was a forest area with caves and then after arrival of the Saddahtissa thero for his meditations, this area became a forest monastery. 
“Madakada Aranya” is one of the premier “Vipassana” meditation centers in the country. It also has branches in places such as Navinna, Salgala and few other places in the country. Contribution of this center for religious well-being of Sri Lankan’s as well as for foreigners are invaluable.
Presently there are about 16 resident bhanthes and 7 resident laymen practicing “Vipassana” meditation at any given time. As it is our Buddhist way of life they have been well looked after by devotees in their day-to-day needs.
The main cave has many Buddha Statues, paintings and is decorated with flowers. There are about 12-15 meditation caves here. In this Aranya Senasana there are about 15-20 meditative monks residing. This place is situated in a Natural Forest Reservation and a stream called ‘Nachchimale’ is flowing through one boundary of the monastery adding additional scenic beauty to the area. The visitors who come to bathe here do not forget to visit the monastery. The surrounding of this place is very calm and there are many local inheritable plants, herbal plants, birds, rare butterfly species, wild animals in this beautiful environment.
Parei Thota.
Parevi Thota (පරෙවිතොට) or Parethota (පරේතොට) is a very famous area in Ingiriya. When traveling towards Rathnapura road from Ingiriya town about 1 mile, you have to turn left to the Nambapana School Road. After traveling about half a mile passing the school you can reach this place. This place is very rich in natural beauty and it is a huge port in the Nambapana stream, which is a part of the Kalu River. As the surrounding environment is very beautiful, the number of visitors coming to bathe in this place is very high. The small ports and waterfalls in the small stream situated near Parethota area adds a nice beauty to this place.
The Environmental Pollution done to this wonderful environment by the thousands of visitors who visit Parethota area to bathe and have fun is not small. They put polythene and bottles everywhere which has become a dangerous threat to the natural environment. Because of this reason the residents and the visitors face many difficulties. So, if you visit there, please leave only the footprints.
Bodhinagala Aranya Senasanaya.
Bodhinagala Aranya Senasanaya can be reached by traveling about 3 miles from Ingiriya town and have to turn left from bodhinagalaa road. After traveling about one and half miles you will reach this place.
The Dombagaskanda Forest Reservation where this place is situated was named in 1955. This beautiful place is on a claim and natural environment.
In South East of this beautiful forest area, flows the Kalu River and that slope area is rich in herbal plants and southern wet zone plants inheritable to this area. There are about 20-25 monks meditating in the caves situated here and there in this Aranya Senasana. The meditative monks come out from the caves only when they eat and then they go back to the caves in the forest. This area is very calm and high in security. Many foreigners and local visitors come to visit this Aranya Senasana.
Bodhinagala Bird Sanctuary.
This is a secondary lowland rain forest patch in the area of Ingiriya. The entrance to this precious place can be reached by traveling about 3 miles from Ingiriya town and by turning left to Bodhinagala road from Bodhinagala Junction. After traveling couple of miles you have to turn left and you will reach this forest reservation after traveling towards that road. One of the famous “Aranya senasanaya” in the area is here. To find this place is not a difficult task and the direction sign boards are also have being established along the road. 
The forest reserve consists of two mountains which are surrounded by the villages. Inside the forest there are concreted routes created in favor of the Buddhists monks lived here for the meditations. It seems that the forest is being disturbed by the people who visits the place, even though there are separated visiting hours for them.
Hora Forest Reservation.
Situated at Kirigala area. When traveling towards Handapangoda from Ingiriya town about 6miles you can reach this environmental sensitive area. It is said that this Hora Reservation owns the largest number of Hora trees in South Asia. It is a very beautiful place. Apart from that, it has many rare plants also in this reservation.
Kura Uda Waterfall.
When traveling 3 miles from Ingiriya town towards Handapangoda you must turn right from the Kotigala junction and will meet this place about one and half miles. This waterfall is situated in the middle area of the small stream starting from Giranchi Mountain in the Forest Reservation. Though this place was not so famous in the past, recently the amount of visitors has been increasing. The Government Forest Reservation which this waterfall is situated is rich in rare wet zone plants and herbal plants. Many birds and animals inheritable to this area lives here.
Urugala Holombuwa.
After the arrival of British a new road system was established under their reign.In ancient time there were no good roads in Sri Lanka. In this time goods were transported to coastal areas from Sabaragamuwa area by rivers. Kalu River was a major river in this transportation. This 'Holombuwa' is situated near Ingiriya area of the Kalu River.
After traveling about 2 miles towards Rathnapura road from Ingiriya town you can reach this place. This place was used as an anchoring point for vessels and ferrys transporting goods. This holombuwa is the biggest whirlpool of the place where Nambapana Stream connects with Kalu River. This place has more space and consists of a huge rock pile. Because of this characteristic, the boatsmen used this place as a resting place. 
History.
Ingiriya can be described as an area consisted with beautiful water bodies, mountain ranges, plain lands and other attractive physical features. One of the four main rivers, the Kalu River flows from Sabaragamuwa Province to Kalutara passing Ingiriya. As the boundary (Ima) of the Sabaragamuwa Mountain ranges end at Ingiriya, it is said in the folklores that “Imagira” became Ingiriya later. The main town of the area Ingiriya can be denoted as a city which was born in the beginning of Plantation Colonization of the British Rulers. The Urugala and Nambapana areas of Ingiriya have a history which relates to the Kings who ruled near Kalu River. 
A Beautiful Environment is owned by Ingiriya which have a great historical value. This Area contain many Temples and Aranya Senasanas. As a small amount of population of Hindu religion, Tamil people live in the Plantation Estates there are some Hindu Kowils to worship their Religion and there is a Christian church also situated in Ingiriya. This shows that there are people of different Nationalities and different Religions living in this area. They are very peaceful people who always expect the development of the area.
When we go through the History of Ingiriya, we can find that there were people living in this area for a long time as they are recorded in the historical writings. It can be clarified by the an Income Report of Portuguese written in 1599 about the revenue they collected from nearby places like Munagama, Wagawatta, Kekuladola. The present road of Rathnapura – Panadura which runs through Poruwadanda has historical evidences of usage even before 186 years. A British Doctor named John Dave has travelled to Adams Peak in 1817 from Panadura via Horana, Rathnapura and Palabaddala. He has described the beauty of Ingiriya area as he travelled in this road and he has clearly stated it in his writings.
Schools.
Ingiriya area contains 22 Schools which are controlled by Provincial council as shown below.
Religious Places.
There are many places of worship in and around the city. Buddhist places of worship are more in number, which is to be expected since Buddhists constitute the great majority in the area. Nevertheless, there are few places of worship in the town related to other religions also.

</doc>
<doc id="36846624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846624" title="Sabalpur">
Sabalpur

Sabalpur is a village of Aligarh district in Northern India.

</doc>
<doc id="36846630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846630" title="The Gap Scenic Reserve">
The Gap Scenic Reserve

The Gap Scenic Reserve is situated in the state of Victoria in south eastern Australia. It is a small reserve in isolated forest country beside the Bonang Highway. The reserve features tall eucalyptus trees and ferny gullies. Significant tree species include Mountain Grey Gum, Messmate and the Shining Gum. Threatened fauna includes Powerful Owls, Tiger Quolls and Long-footed Potoroos.

</doc>
<doc id="36846640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846640" title="1st Front">
1st Front

1st Front can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846651" title="2nd Front">
2nd Front

2nd Front can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846653" title="Nick O'Brien">
Nick O'Brien

Nicholas O'Brien (born 26 June 1993) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club with draft pick #59 in the 2011 National Draft. O'Brien attended St Patrick's College, Ballarat. In 2011 he captained the St Patrick's schoolboy side to a victory in the MCC Herald Sun Shield. He made his debut in Round 22, 2012, against at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="36846662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846662" title="Banlakan">
Banlakan

Banlakan (, also Romanized as Bānlaḵān) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846666" title="Banqola">
Banqola

Banqola (, also Romanized as Bānqolā) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846671" title="Bishi-ye Olya">
Bishi-ye Olya

Bishi-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Bīshī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Bī Shī) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846682" title="Bishi-ye Sofla">
Bishi-ye Sofla

Bishi-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Bīshī-ye Soflá; also known as Bī Shī) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846698" title="Chal Khoshk">
Chal Khoshk

Chal Khoshk (, also Romanized as Chāl Khoshk; also known as Chāl Kheshtak) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 358, in 75 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846702" title="Joseph Plottel">
Joseph Plottel

Joseph Plottel (1883– 28 May 1977) was a British born architect who was active in Melbourne, Australia between 1911 and World War II, working in a modernist style with some significant Byzantine-Romanesque features.
Early life and career.
Plottel was born in Yorkshire in 1883 and went to Australia with his family in 1895 at the age of 12, but returned to England soon after when his father died. He trained as a draftsman with London architect Robert Moore, where he was advised to head for the colonies for advancement.
He began working in Melbourne, accruing a number of large commissions including Michael's Comer Store in Elizabeth Street and the Footscray Barnet Glass Rubber Co. Ltd. factory,
He moved to South Africa in 1903, working in Pretoria, Capetown and Johannesburg, but took passage to the United States where he saw prospects for architects after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake. When he ran out of money en route, he decided to stay in Melbourne. Here he was embraced by the local Jewish community and soon found his feet, initially taking up a position with the Railway’s Engineering Department where he worked as a draftsman for about three years. He obtained work as a draftsman with the noted Federation-style architect Nahum Burnett and then set up his own office in 1911.
Immigration records show that a Joseph Plottel applied to be naturalised in 1939, and hint at his Austrian or Czechoslovakian heritage. It is likely that concerns about the rise of Nazism in Europe encouraged him. to do so.
Melbourne architectural practice.
Plottel enjoyed a very diverse architectural practice with commercial and residential commissions in an eclectic modern style drawing on the American Romanesque and Arts and Craft movement. Among his early commissions were Embank House at 325 Collins St in 1911, the Williamstown Municipal Buildings in 1914 and several flat projects such as ‘Chilterns’, Glenferrie Road, 1917 ‘Garden Court’ of 1918 in Marne St South Yarra and ‘Waverly’ at 115–119 Grey Street St. Kilda from 1920. These designs tended to fine detailing in brick, but in a restrained manner characteristic of the romantic movement of the Arts Crafts. The prominent use of rain heads and down spouts in the composition is an interesting pointer to Plottel’s later work.
The Jewish community provided many commissions, as he became close to several business people who had factories in Melbourne’s Western Suburbs including Footscray and Yarraville. Plottel’s wife Rachel was a doctor specialising in skin conditions. Their daughter, Philippa, married into the Hallenstein family (the brothers Isaac and Michael Hallenstein having established the vast tannery of Michaelis Hallenstein in Footscray with their cousin Moritz Michaelis) and obtained a Master of Laws at the University of Melbourne then went on to a prominent role in women’s affairs and law, as a member of the National Council of Women of Victoria, the Victorian Women Lawyers Society, the Australian Local Government Women's Association Victoria and many other organisations.
In 1924 Plottel married and also was appointed to design the new St Kilda Synagogue, as the congregation had outgrown the 1872 building. As inspiration he presented a photo of the Temple Isaiah in Chicago, adapting the exterior to a ‘Byzantine Revival' style with an octagonal base and dome roof clad in Wunderlich tiles, while the interior was finished in what was to become Plottel’s trademark finely crafted woodwork.
The foundation stone of the new synagogue was laid 28 February 1926 (the contractor being H H Eilenberg) and the synagogue was consecrated on 13 March 1927. The Ladies` Gallery was also extended in 1957–58 to designs by Plottel. The Masonic Club, 164 to 170 Flinders Street Melbourne 1926 – 1927 again featured the extensive use of decorative brickwork, this time in a variation of the Neo – Grec theme, showing the style's usual chaste ornament, formed by swags, antefixes and a shallow pediment.
Joseph Plottel was joined in a partnership by H E Burnett (1891–1965), in 1921. Burnett's son, Linsday Harold Burnett (1920–1995), also joined Plottel's firm after matriculating at Scotch College in 1936, completing his articles in 1941.
Plottel established a brief practice in Canberra in the partnership of Plottel Burnett & Alsop, who were commissioned to design a number of residential housing projects for the Capital Territory, one example of which survives at 5 Baudin Street dated to 1928 and showing a Mediterranean influence.; The Canberra Electoral role for 1929 lists ‘Plottel, Joseph architect 31 Queen St, Melbourne’ by dint of his having purchased property in the territory.
Main commissions.
Further commissions then came in a series of factories, shops and commercial buildings in Melbourne and the inner suburbs, including Brash’s at 108 Elizabeth Street and the Masonic Club Building in Flinders Street, both in the late 1920s, while two Footscray factories fro Maize Products in 1933 and Bradmills in 1934 cemented his reputation in that suburb. Bradmill’s had previously been McPhersons Jute Works and Barnett Glass Rubber, but under the ownership of Bradford Cotton Mills the site was greatly extended with "Factory block No. 1" extensively reconstructed, in 1926-7 according to Plottel’s designs for a then massive £53,399.
He also carried out work on the Kayser Knitting Mill in 1933 and 1936 and Lamson Paragon’s paper mill in Richmond in 1937, extending his repertoire with functional industrial buildings, still exhibiting finely executed decorative effects such as the use of coloured brickwork and terra cotta.
The Footscray connections came to fruition in the commission for the new Footscray Town Hall for the municipality. The two storey building was designed in an erected by day labour under supervising contractors ARP Crow & Sons in 1936, to replace the first town hall built in 1875. It adopts the American Romanesque style reflecting the Chicago school, which had previously influenced Plottel for his St Kilda Synagogue. It is the only example of this style applied to a town hall in Victoria. The exterior incorporates a finely detailed entrance loggia with Corinthian columns, variegated brown brickwork highlighted with intricately modelled buff faience work and a terracotta tile mansard roof. It contains offices on the ground floor and the council chamber and reception hall on the upper level. The interior is designed in a contrasting Streamlined Modernist manner.
In the later 1930s, Plottel’s work became increasingly modern, with examples such as the 1935 Beehive Building (92 to 94 Elizabeth Street Melbourne) and 1937 Yoffa House (187 Flinders Lane Melbourne) reflecting the Functionalist/Moderne style of the Interwar period. The Beehive building has been described as ‘one of the most distinctive buildings in Melbourne’, while Yoffa House is ‘almost modern in concept, the Moderne note is sounded by the 'architectural terracotta' applied to the facade and the portholes intended for its walls’ Further flat designs also came in the 1930s such ‘Clovelly’ at 136 Alma Road, St Kilda of 1938, featuring the Old English style which was a fashionable and romantic style for flats in the period 1919–41, described as ‘a cheery tonic after the rigours of the Great War.’ 
In 1937 Plottel was again engaged by the Jewish community to design the Temple Beth Israel in Alma Road, St Kilda. This building points to his work on the Footscray substations in its highly modernistic design. Plottel was an Associate of the Royal Victorian Institute of Architecture, and while his last building appears to be a small speculative house venture in 1941, and he briefly assisted with an extension to the Ladies` Gallery at the Synagogue in 1957–58, he appears to have lived out a quiet retirement before his death in Toorak on 28 May 1977 aged 93. His wife Rachel Henrietta Plottel also died in Toorak two years previously on 2 January 1975 aged 88. Joseph's Parents' names were given as Philip Plottel and Sarah Hyams. while Rachel Henrietta Plottel's Parents' names were given as Maurice Gross and Celine Isaacson.
Other Works.
N.B. Other Plottel designs have been identified from the work of the Art Deco Society and architectural indexes. Some of his original drawings are in the Latrobe Library collection on loan from the Melbourne University Architecture School.

</doc>
<doc id="36846703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846703" title="Lundenes">
Lundenes

Lundenes is a village in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located on the eastern part of the island of Grytøya, along the Vågsfjorden, about north of the town of Harstad. Lundenes Church is located in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36846705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846705" title="Grøtavær">
Grøtavær

Grøtavær is a village in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located on the western part of the island of Grytøya, along the Andfjorden, about northwest of the village of Lundenes. Grøtavær Church is located in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36846707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846707" title="Gausvik">
Gausvik

Gausvik or Gausvika is a village in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located on the northeastern part of the large island of Hinnøya, along the Tjeldsundet, about south of the town of Harstad. The European route E10 highway passes through the village, about south of the Tjeldsund Bridge. Gausvik Church is located in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="36846708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846708" title="Chaleh Chaleh, Ilam">
Chaleh Chaleh, Ilam

Chaleh Chaleh (, also Romanized as Chāleh Chāleh) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 99, in 19 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846709" title="Elgsnes">
Elgsnes

Elgsnes is a village in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway. It is located on the northeastern part of the large island of Hinnøya, along the Andfjorden, about northwest of the town of Harstad and about north of Kasfjord. Elgsnes is located at the tip of a narrow peninsula, looking across the Toppsundet strait at the village of Grøtavær on the island of Grytøya. Elgsnes Chapel is located in this village.

</doc>
<doc id="36846715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846715" title="Gol Darreh, Ilam">
Gol Darreh, Ilam

Gol Darreh () is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846717" title="Bruce Roberts">
Bruce Roberts

Bruce Roberts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846720" title="St Michael and All Angels Church, Marden">
St Michael and All Angels Church, Marden

St Michael and All Angels Church is a parish church in Marden, Kent. It was begun circa 1200 and is a Grade I listed building.
Building.
The church was begun around 1200 and was altered or extended in the 13th, 14th, 15th and 16th centuries and was restored in 1868 and 1909. The church is constructed variously of coursed and random sandstone, rag-stone and puddingstone and has plain tiled and lead roofs.
The nave is adjoined by aisles on the north and south sides, the one to the south continuing across the south face of the west tower. The chancel has chapels on the north and south side. The tower was built in the 13th or early 14th century and comprises three stone-built stages with a fourth stage, containing the belfry added later in white painted weatherboarding with a pyramidal roof. Louvred openings occupy the centre of each side of the belfry. Small rectangular or pointed lancet windows pierce the stonework on each external face of the lower stages, except the south face which abuts the south aisle. A square stair turret with window slits adjoins the north-west corner of the tower.
Both aisles are early 14th century. The south aisle has a rag-stone plinth, but the north aisle is plinthless. The south aisle has two buttresses with three large three-lighted 14th-century style arched windows; two to the west of the porch and one to the east. The western bay, attached to the south side of the tower was reconstructed in the 19th or early 20th century. The north aisle has a diagonal buttress on the north-west corner and two on the north side positioned between the three three-lighted windows. Two are original 14th-century and the third is 19th-century in the same style with traceried decoration. The west end of the north aisle contains a 19th-century two-lighted window. The west end of the south aisle is blank apart from a small blocked lancet window.
The early 14th century south porch occupies the secondmost eastern bay of the south aisle. Diagonal buttresses project from the outer corners. The inner and outer doorways are pointed arches and an octagonal stair turret to the parvis chamber is positioned in the angle at the north-west corner between the porch and the south aisle. 
The chancel was built about 1200 and restored in 1868. It has no plinths or buttresses. The eastern end of the north and south walls each contain a single pointed arch window. The 19th century east window is three-lighted. The south chapel is 14th century as was partly rebuilt after a fire in 1554. The two-light window in the south wall and the three-light window in the east wall are both 19th century. The north chapel is 15th century with two two-light windows on the north side and a three-light window in the east end. All date from the 15th century with cinquefoil heads and tracery. 
Internally, the nave is separated from the aisles with 14th-century arcades of three bays of pointed arches: octagonal columns in the south arcade and alternating circular and octagonal columns in the north arcade. The chancel arch is circa 1200 and the tower arch is 13th or early 14th century. The chapels are divided from the chancel with two bay arcades of pointed arches, each contemporary with the age of the adjacent chapel. The roofs of the chancel, nave and the chapels are of crown post construction with the ridge of the roofs of the chancel and chapels being lower than the nave. The aisle roofs are lean-tos. 
The font is octagonal and carved with initials and date "EM 1662". The octagonal wooden font cover with a central finial has hinged panels on four sides. Doorways to the parvis stairs and rood loft stairs are in the south wall of the south aisle and the south wall of the north aisle respectively. The three chancel windows contain stained glass by Patrick Reyntiens installed in 1962. The church contains memorials to Edward Cole ("d". 1757) and George Maplesden ("d". 1688).
The church is set in a large churchyard dotted with headstones. Close to the south aisle are Grade II listed stocks capable of holding two people.

</doc>
<doc id="36846724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846724" title="Rho Draconis">
Rho Draconis

Rho Draconis (ρ Dra) is a star in the constellation Draco. Its apparent magnitude is 4.50.

</doc>
<doc id="36846725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846725" title="Evil 1999">
Evil 1999

Evil 1999 is the third studio album by Norwegian black metal band Tulus. It was released in 1999, through Hammerheart Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36846733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846733" title="2012–13 Hong Kong Second Division League">
2012–13 Hong Kong Second Division League

2012–13 Hong Kong Second Division League is the 67th season of Hong Kong Second Division League, a football league in Hong Kong.
Teams.
Change from last season.
From Second Division League.
Promoted to Hong Kong First Division League
Relegated to Second Division League
To Second Division League.
Relegated from First Division League
Promoted from Third Division League
Team review.
The following 11 clubs are competing in the Hong Kong Second Division League during the 2012–13 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36846736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846736" title="Kalleh Gah, Ilam">
Kalleh Gah, Ilam

Kalleh Gah (; also known as Kalegah) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 32, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846738" title="Tau Draconis">
Tau Draconis

Tau Draconis (τ Dra) is a star in the constellation Draco. Its apparent magnitude is 4.45.

</doc>
<doc id="36846741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846741" title="Kalegah">
Kalegah

Kalegah or Kalegeh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846752" title="Kalleh Gah">
Kalleh Gah

Kalleh Gah or Kallehgah or Kaleh Gah () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846757" title="Meydar-e Olya">
Meydar-e Olya

Meydar-e Olya (, also Romanized as Meydar-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 302, in 72 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846761" title="Upsilon Draconis">
Upsilon Draconis

Upsilon Draconis (υ Dra) is a star in the constellation Draco. Its apparent magnitude is 4.80.

</doc>
<doc id="36846765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846765" title="Meydar-e Sofla">
Meydar-e Sofla

Meydar-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Meydar-e Soflá; also known as Sīrkāneh and Sīr Kāneh) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846770" title="Compound matrix">
Compound matrix

In mathematics, the "k"th compound matrix (sometimes referred to as the "k"th "multiplicative" compound matrix) formula_1, of an formula_2 matrix "A" is the formula_3 matrix formed from the determinants of all formula_4 submatrices of "A", i.e., all formula_5 minors, arranged with the submatrix index sets in lexicographic order.

</doc>
<doc id="36846774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846774" title="Sir Kaneh">
Sir Kaneh

Sir Kaneh or Sirkaneh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846777" title="Omega Draconis">
Omega Draconis

Omega Draconis (ω Dra) is a spectroscopic binary star in the constellation Draco. Its apparent magnitude is 4.78.

</doc>
<doc id="36846778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846778" title="Meydar">
Meydar

Meydar () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846783" title="Patakht">
Patakht

Patakht (, also Romanized as Pātakht) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 176, in 36 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846787" title="Piamen-e Olya">
Piamen-e Olya

Piamen-e Olya (, also Romanized as Pīāmen-e ‘Olyā; also known as Pīāmen, Pīyāmen, and Sūlāvī) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 137, in 28 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846790" title="Prue-Anne Reynalds">
Prue-Anne Reynalds

Prue-Anne Reynalds is a Paralympic athletics and cycling competitor from Australia. She competed in the 1984 New York/Stoke Mandeville Paralympics in athletics events as a classified "B1" athlete where she won a bronze in the Women's 3000 m B1 event. She also competed in the mixed tandem open cycling road event at the 1992 Summer Paralympics but did not win a medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36846795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846795" title="Piamen-e Sofla">
Piamen-e Sofla

Piamen-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Pīāmen-e Soflá) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846803" title="Piamen">
Piamen

Piamen or Piyamen () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846805" title="Linda Holeman">
Linda Holeman

Linda Holeman (née Freeman) is a Canadian author of fiction. Born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, she earned a Bachelor of Arts from the University of Winnipeg, and a Bachelor and Master of Education from the University of Manitoba. She currently lives and writes in Toronto, Ontario and Santa Monica, California.
Writing career.
Linda is the author of thirteen books of fiction, which have sold millions of copies world-wide. Her work has been translated into twenty languages, and includes two adult collections of literary short stories, "Flying to Yellow" and "Devil’s Darning Needle", as well as the historical novels "The Linnet Bird", "The Moonlit Cage", "In A Far Country", "The Saffron Gate", and "The Lost Souls of Angelkov". Her particular interest in writing historical fiction is demonstrating the plight of women in the 18th and 19th centuries, from the point of view of strongly drawn female protagonists. She travels widely to research her novels in great depth, and her ability to capture place and era has consistently met with positive critical review.
Her young adult body of work consists of a collection of short stories, "Saying Good-Bye", which was re-released as "Toxic Love", and four novels: "Promise Song", "Mercy’s Birds", "Raspberry House Blues", and "Search of the Moon King’s Daughter". She has also written a first-chapter book for younger readers, "Frankie on the Run". Linda has been the recipient of numerous awards, honours and nominations for her young adult work.
As well as being published in many journals and periodicals, Linda’s short stories have been widely anthologized in Canada – most noticeably in "The Journey Prize Anthology" – and abroad. She was twice short-listed for the CBC Literary Competition, and won the Larry Turner Award for Non-Fiction, the Canadian Author/Winnipeg Free Press Non-Fiction Competition, and the Canadian Living Magazine National Writing Competition.
Linda acted as guest editor for a young adult issue of "Prairie Fire Magazine", for which she was awarded the Vicky Metcalf Short Story Editor Award. She has been a member of the Manitoba Artists in the Schools Program and CANSCAIP, toured with the Canadian Children’s Book Centre, acted as a mentor in the Manitoba Writers Guild Mentor Program, and taught creative writing through the University of Winnipeg’s Continuing Education Programme. She has served on a number of juries across Canada, including the Governor-General’s Award for Children’s Literature, and created and facilitated writing workshops on many aspects of the writing process to both students and adults nationally and internationally. She held a nine-month term as Writer-in-Residence at the Millennium Library in Winnipeg, and served on the editorial advisory board for Turnstone Press and on the board of the Manitoba Writers Guild. She is a member of the Writers Union of Canada.
Bibliography.
Holeman, Linda. "Saying Good-Bye." Toronto, ON: Lester Publishing (1995). ISBN 1-895555-47-7
Republished as "Toxic Love." Toronto, ON: Tundra Books (2003). ISBN 978-0887766473
Holeman, Linda. "Frankie on the Run." Toronto, ON: Boardwalk Books (1995). ISBN 978-1895681093
Holeman, Linda. "Flying to Yellow." Winnipeg, MB: Turnstone Press (1996). ISBN 0-88801-203-9
Holeman, Linda. "Promise Song." Toronto, ON: Tundra Books (1997). ISBN 0-88776-387-1
Holeman, Linda. "Mercy’s Birds." Toronto, ON: Tundra Books (1998). ISBN 0-88776-463-0
Holeman, Linda. "Devil’s Darning Needle." Erin, ON: The Porcupine’s Quill (1999). ISBN 0-88984-205-1
Holeman, Linda. "Raspberry House Blues." Toronto, ON: Tundra Books (2000). ISBN 0-88776-493-2
Holeman, Linda. "Search of the Moon King’s Daughter." Toronto, ON: Tundra Books (2002). ISBN 0-88776-592-0
Holeman, Linda. "The Linnet Bird." London, England: Headline Publishers (2004). ISBN 978-0-7553-2463-7
Holeman, Linda. "The Moonlit Cage." London, England: Headline Publishers (2006). ISBN 978-0-7553-2856-7
Holeman, Linda. "In a Far Country." London, England: Headline Publishers (2008). ISBN 978-0-7553-4507-6
Holeman, Linda. "The Saffron Gate." London, England: Headline Publishers (2009). ISBN 978-0-7553-3111-6
Holeman, Linda. "The Lost Souls of Angelkov." Toronto, ON: Random House Canada (2012). ISBN 978-0-307-36159-2

</doc>
<doc id="36846811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846811" title="41 Cygni">
41 Cygni

41 Cygni (41 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 3.99.

</doc>
<doc id="36846814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846814" title="Piazabad, Ilam">
Piazabad, Ilam

Piazabad (, also Romanized as Pīāzābād, Pīyāzābād, and Pīyāz Ābād) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 443, in 87 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846822" title="Piazabad">
Piazabad

Piazabad or Piyazabad or Piyaz Abad or Peyazabad () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846832" title="Rubareh">
Rubareh

Rubareh (, also Romanized as Rūbareh and Rūberah) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846847" title="Shehmiar">
Shehmiar

Shehmiar (, also Romanized as Shehmīār; also known as Shemīār) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846850" title="33 Cygni">
33 Cygni

33 Cygni (33 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.26.

</doc>
<doc id="36846873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846873" title="The Lady of the Wheel">
The Lady of the Wheel

The Lady of the Wheel (La Ruotaia) is a 2012 historical fiction novel by Sicilian American author Angelo F. Coniglio. The book follows the life of a girl who was abandoned as an infant, with the major themes of the book including poverty, exploitation and family values. Coniglio's work has been compared to the verismo (realism) of Sicilian author Giovanni Verga.
Plot summary.
A mother abandons an infant girl, placing her inside a 'foundling wheel' to be cared for in a foundling home, and the woman's husband gives up a young son as a carusu, a virtual slave in a sulfur mine; both actions intended to help the remaining family to survive in poverty-stricken Racalmuto, in late-1800s Sicily. It was common for families to give up their boys at the age of five as carusi, selling them to the mining company for life for a small price, and the parents treat it matter-of-factly as a regrettable but unavoidable decision. The plot follows the girl's life as a foundling, and her brother's labors in the mine, working ten hour days in hellish conditions, and their interactions with family and co-workers. As plot devices, the author includes examples of Napoleon-inspired recording of civil documents, and describes the Sicilian conventions for selecting the given names of a family's children.

</doc>
<doc id="36846876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846876" title="Arkansas City High School">
Arkansas City High School

Arkansas City High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36846889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846889" title="Louisiana iris">
Louisiana iris

Louisiana iris is a taxonomic group ("Iris" ser. "Hexagonae") of five iris species native to Louisiana and surrounding regions of the southeastern United States: "Iris fulva", "Iris hexagona", "Iris brevicaulis", "Iris giganticaerulea", and "Iris nelsonii". The "Hexagonae" series name is derived from the first Louisiana iris species to inhabit the series, "Iris hexagona". Each recognized species has noticeable phenotypic and habitat differences, yet similarities between their phenotypes and habitats can be drawn. These similarities are partially a result of their similar phylogenies. Many of the species are closely related, some a result of interbreeding, as in the most recent discovery of the Abbeville Red Iris, "Iris nelsonii". The five Louisiana irises are often categorized as "The Reds" or "The Blues" according to their corolla color. "The Blues", species "Iris brevicaulis", "Iris hexagona", and "Iris giganticaerulea", typically have blue-purple corollas, with rare white forms. "The Reds", species "Iris fulva" and "Iris nelsonii", typically have red-orange corollas, with rare yellow forms.
"Iris fulva".
"Iris fulva", common name "copper iris", is noted by its fulva color of rusty red to brownish orange or rare yellow forms. In 1812, this species was named by J.B. Ker-Gawler from a specimen found in the surrounding New Orleans area. The red color of the fulva contributes to the red modern hybrids found in the surrounding habitats that the iris thrives. It is found in Louisiana, along with other Mississippi Valley habaitats in Illinois, Kentucky, and Ohio. Other notable physiological characteristics of the species are its small size (3-4 inches in diameter) and drooping petals.
"Iris hexagona".
"Iris hexagona" is the oldest discovered Louisiana iris species. In 1788, the species was named in South Carolina. Confusion in recognizing the iris is often intertwined with "Iris giganticaerula". "Iris hexagona" can also be found in South Carolina and Florida. In Louisiana, the species "Iris hexagona" is debated to derive from "Iris giganticaerula" or of the same plant species habitating in its other natural states. There are noticeable differences in blooms, color, and shape when comparing the Florida species and South Carolina species and taxonomists are still determining the difference in classification. "Iris hexagona" located in Louisiana dwell in wet areas of full or half shade, more specifically ditches, canals, swamps, and slow flowing streams.
"Iris brevicaulis".
"Iris bevicaulis", common name "ZigZag iris" and "Lamance iris", is the most petite Louisiana iris. It is recognized by its zigzag stalk and prominent, numerous flower parts, that open widely. The species does not require as much water to survive, like other Louisiana irises. Due to its minimalist aquatic requirement, habitats can be in the mud, instead of water bodies, or other surroundings to aqueous habitats. One distinguishable feature that separates it from the other blue irises, is its late blooming season. Furthermore, the iris's importance lies in its hardiness; it provides support to many cultivar plants and was pronounced the "show horse" for the Louisiana iris species. Locations of the iris are upland Louisiana and along the Gulf Coast. The irises' pattern of growth up the state of Louisiana, ventures north into the Mississippi Valley of Missouri, Kentucky, Illinois, and Ohio.
"Iris giganticaerulea".
"Iris giganticaerulea" is the most recognizable Louisiana iris species. This Gulf Coast species is an extremely large blue native plant, found commonly in the City of New Orleans. In the state of Louisiana, the iris grows natively in freshwater marshes, swamps, and woody wetlands. Yet only a few remaining native, wild-growing irise can be found in Louisiana wetlands, located 20 to 30 miles north of New Orleans. Some of the species can be found growing natively along the coasts of Texas and Mississippi.
"Iris nelsonii".
"Iris nelsonii", common name "Abbeville Red" or "Super Fulva", was the most recently discovered and named Louisiana iris. In 1938, W. B. MacMillan discovered the plant species; in 1966 Randolph named the iris. The common name derives from its native habitat that is located in an exclusive area in Southeast Abbeville, Louisiana. They grow in cypress swamps surrounded by shallow water, or other aquatic habitats with shallow water and full shade. The species is hypothesized to originate as a result of a span of several years of closed-off habitats, and interbreeding of other Louisiana iris species ("I. fulva", "I. giganticaerulea", and "I. brevicaulis"), causing the species hybrid to gain stability as its own species. The iris's more recent discovery allows for increasing popularity by birthing many current Louisiana iris cultivars. Their physiological properties are similar to the "Iris fulva", but they grow taller and have larger corollas. However, they stay true to the red iris family with either red or yellow fulvas. The blooms of the iris can be found from the middle to late month of April.
Abbeville Reds.
The iris species in Southeast Abbeville, Louisiana can reportedly be traced back to its original heritage or origin of descent with the use of pedigree. Some of these pedigrees have been put together with the help of Charles Arny in 1958. Ongoing research of "Iris nelsonii" can be found in a few university labs, testing for the genetics of the species. The origin of the species, by decoding DNA sequences, may help explain the process of hybridization of new species by introgression. Michael L. Arnold, Ph. D., working in the University of Georgia Department of Genetics, is currently studying this model by observing the genotype of several "Iris nelsonii" and other iris from the Iris Hexagonae series.
Conservation of "Iris nelsonii".
The unique "Iris nelsonii" species can only be found in the Turkey Island Swamp in Vermillion Parish, Louisiana—property that is privately owned. Amity Bass and Chris Reid are two botanists that are currently involved in the protection and conservation of the species in Louisiana. They have been involved in surveying the privately owned property where the endemic plant resides, and are currently in the process of transplanting some of the rhizomes to replant in a neighboring state park. It is this park, Palmetto Island State Park, and others that Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries are teaming with to bring public awareness to the conservation issue of "Iris nelsonii". By replanting the species and opening educational exhibits, the relatively new hot topic of this endemic plant is now gaining more public awareness. This awareness helped gain the approval for legislative funding by Representative Simone Champagne of Jeanerette in 2011. The state funding provided the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries with the means to build the exhibit in the Palmetto Island State Park. The remaining conservation concern is centered on the privately owned Turkey Island Swamp, and the importance of conserving and maintaining "Iris nelsonii" 's natural habitat. With the permission of the land owners, surveys of the swamp are ongoing, with the understanding that, if the swamp habitat is compromised, the endemic Louisiana species will be wiped away. A prominent threat to the swamp resides in the comparing the present-day hydrology to the hydrology of the swamp the year the Abbeville red was discovered. The swamp is not only drier than in 1939, but also more salt concentrated. Changes are a result of the seasonal occurrence of hurricanes in Louisiana and coastal wetland erosion, that sequentially drains into the nearby swamp. Additionally, agricultural influence and man-made alterations to waterways have led to the drier swamp habitat. Overall, the continued reproduction of the iris in the swamp habitat, and the noteworthy isolation of the swamp, are two factors scientist reason are key to the iris's survival, and if compromised, may cause the integrity of the Abbeville Red to be in danger.

</doc>
<doc id="36846894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846894" title="Dundee United F.C. in European football">
Dundee United F.C. in European football

Dundee United Football Club is a Scottish association football club based in the city of Dundee. The clubs first ever tie in European competition was in the 1966–67 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup where they knocked out holders Barcelona in the Second round winning both legs in the process before losing in the following round to Italian giants Juventus despite winning the home leg 1-0. They had their best spell in the 1980s, reaching the Semi-Final of the European Cup in 1984 and Final of the UEFA Cup in 1987, they also reached the Quarter-Final stage of the latter in both 1982 & 1983. In total they have won 46 games in European competition, currently more than any Scottish club outwith the Old Firm. 

</doc>
<doc id="36846953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846953" title="John P. Erickson">
John P. Erickson

John P. Erickson (1826 – August 2, 1907) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during the Wilmington Campaign.
Born in 1826 in London, Erickson immigrated to the U.S. and was living in Brooklyn when he joined the Navy. He served as a captain of the forecastle on the in the Wilmington Campaign, from the First Battle of Fort Fisher on December 24, 1864, through the campaign's end on February 22, 1865. He was severely wounded and received treatment at a hospital in Portsmouth, Virginia. For his actions during the campaign, he was awarded the Medal of Honor months later on June 22, 1865.
Erickson's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Served on board the U.S.S. "Pontoosuc" during the capture of Fort Fisher and Wilmington, 24 December 1864, to 22 February 1865. Carrying out his duties faithfully throughout this period, Erickson was so severely wounded in the assault upon Fort Fisher that he was sent to the hospital at Portsmouth, Va. Erickson was recommended for his gallantry, skill, and coolness in action while under the fire of the enemy.
Erickson died on August 2, 1907, at age 80 or 81 and was buried at Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="36846956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846956" title="Acrolepia tharsalea">
Acrolepia tharsalea

Acrolepia tharsalea is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Walsingham in 1914. It is found in Guatemala.

</doc>
<doc id="36846972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846972" title="Justin Pemberton">
Justin Pemberton

Justin Pemberton is a documentary filmmaker based in Auckland, New Zealand. He is best known for his films "The Nuclear Comeback" and "The Golden Hour."
Justin Pemberton has a degree in psychology and a Post-graduate Diploma in Broadcast Communication from The University of Auckland.
In 2000, he established the production company The TV Set with filmmakers Megan Jones and Pietra Brettkelly and in 2008 set up his own production company called The Docufactory.
Pemberton’s film "Love, Speed and Loss", about Grand Prix road-racer Kim Newcombe, won Best Documentary, Best Editing and Best Directing at the 2007 Air New Zealand Screen Awards and also picked up the award for Best Arts/Festival Documentary at the 2007 Qantas Television Awards.
His next film "The Nuclear Comeback" investigated the nuclear power industry’s claim that, as a low carbon emitter, nuclear power is an environmentally friendly source of energy. The documentary won Best Documentary at Italy’s CinemAmbiente Film Festival in 2008 and Best New Zealand Feature Documentary at the DocNZ Film Festival. Pemberton was also awarded Achievement in Directing – Documentary at the 2008 Qantas Film and Television Awards for "The Nuclear Comeback". The documentary screened on The Sundance Channel in the US and is distributed by Films Transit International.
In 2012, he wrote and directed the docudrama feature "The Golden Hour", based on the heroic achievements of New Zealand athletes Peter Snell and Murray Halberg at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. The film received critical acclaim from both the New Zealand Herald and the Dominion Post. "The Golden Hour" was nominated for a 2013 International Emmy Award for best documentary.
Pemberton has frequently worked with New Zealand musician Anika Moa. He has directed two documentaries following the singer as well as five of her music videos and numerous photo shoots including the cover of her 2010 album Love In Motion. Moa has also composed the soundtracks for five of Pemberton’s films.
Pemberton served on the Executive Board of the Screen Directors Guild of New Zealand from 2007-2009.
Festivals and Awards.
"The Golden Hour"
"Is She or Isn't He?"
"The Nuclear Comeback"
"Death On The Beach"
"Love Speed and Loss"
"Airports and Overtures"
"3 Chords & the Truth: the Anika Moa Story"
"Dads Wanted"

</doc>
<doc id="36846975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846975" title="Acrolepia xiphias">
Acrolepia xiphias

Acrolepia xiphias is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1931. It is found in Chile.

</doc>
<doc id="36846998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36846998" title="Deutschland sucht den Superstar (season 10)">
Deutschland sucht den Superstar (season 10)

Deutschland sucht den Superstar (season 10) was the tenth season of Deutschland sucht den Superstar. The winner gets a recording contract with Universal Music Group and €500 000. There were new features in season 10. Participants had to be between 16 and 30 years old and could audition in 30 cities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. Bill and Tom Kaulitz from Tokio Hotel and Mateo from Culcha Candela became judges. Bruce Darnell and Natalie Horler both left after the completion of season 9. There was a trip to Curaçao during the recall. This is the first season in which three women reached the final four and the second season with a female final 2. After nine years, the show produced a female winner, since Elli Erl in Season 2. Beatrice Egli won the show as the second female winner.
Production.
Production of season 10 started on 24 August 2012. There was a trip to Curaçao. Participants had to be between 16 and 30 years. They had the opportunity to stop by without an appointment to audition. RTL promised "many new features and a few surprises." Auditions were held in 30 cities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. The 30 cities are Bern, Zurich, Freiburg, Friedrichshafen, Stuttgart, Mannheim, Saarbrücken, Munich, Vienna, Vösendorf, Salzburg, Regensburg, Erlangen, Freiberg, Hamburg, Hanover, Bremen, Bremerhaven, Fehmarn, Rostock, Cologne, Dortmund, Koblenz, Göttingen, Paderborn, Berlin, Frankfurt, Jena, Magdeburg and Mönchengladbach.
Bruce Darnell and Natalie Horler both left the show after season 9 and were replaced by Bill and Tom Kaulitz and Culcha Candela.
The Jury and Host.
Dieter Bohlen was born on 7 February 1954 in Oldenburg, Lower Saxony. Bohlen has been a judge on DSDS since season 1. Bohlen got his first job as a composer and producer in 1979. Bohlen is now the most successful German composer and producer. Bohlen and Thomas Anders, as members of Modern Talking, is the only German act, with five titles in a row at No. 1 on the singles chart.
Bill Kaulitz was born on 1 September 1989 in Leipzig, East Germany. Bill Kaulitz is a member of Tokio Hotel. Season 10 was his first season as a jury member.
Tom Kaulitz is a member of Tokio Hotel. Season 10 was his first season as a jury member.
Mateo from Culcha Candela is one of the new jury members for season 10.
Auditions.
Auditions were held in 30 cities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. 32 078 people participated in the auditions. This is down from 35 401 participants from season 9.
Recall.
The jury chose 36 participants to go to Curaçao. The jury selected the 20 participants for the liveshows. The jury selected eight participants who go directly to the mottoshows and six participants were chosen by the viewers in the first liveshow.
Top 10 candidates.
Beatrice Egli.
Beatrice Egli was born on the 21 June 1988 in Pfäffikon, Switzerland. She actually just sings the German Schlager. She reached the final and making her the first schlager singer in the DSDS final. She won the show as the second female contestant. She's the second winner from Switzerland. Her victory is the second Swiss victory in a row after Luca Hänni in 2012. As the winner, she received a recording contract with Universal Music Group and €500,000.
Lisa Wohlgemuth.
Lisa Wohlgemuth was born on the 11 March 1992 in Neundorf. She was voted in the top 10 by the public as the first place. She reached the final with Beatrice. She was beaten by Egli and became the runner-up.
Ricardo Bielecki.
Ricardo Bielecki was born on the 11 November 1992 in Bochum. He was the male favorite but he was unexpectedly eliminated in the semi-final, finishing in third place. He was the last male contestant.
Susan Albers.
Susan Albers was born on the 29 December 1983 in Rhede. She was stated as the best singer in the competition but sometime as too perfect. She was eliminated at the 27th April and finished at the fourth place.
Tim David Weller.
Tim David Weller was born on the 15 July 1992 in Dillenburg. He was eliminated at the 13th April and finished as the sixth place.
Simone Mangiapane.
Simone Magiapane was born on the 25 April 1985 in Rottenburg. He was voted in the top 10 by the public as the second place. He was eliminated on the 6th April and finished at seventh place.
Timo Tiggeler.
Timo Tiggler was born on the 16 April 1992 in Nettetal. He became the eighth place on the 30th March.
Maurice Glover.
Maurice Glover was born on the 6 October 1986 in Frankenthal. He often was in disput with Nora Ferjani. He was eliminated at the 23rd March and ended up as the ninth place.
Nora Ferjani.
Nora Ferjani was born on the 2 June 1988 in Iserlohn. She was in disput with Maurice Glover. She was eliminated in the first live show on the 16th March and finished at the tenth place.
Aftermath.
The winner will get a recording contract with Universal Music Group and €500,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36847019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847019" title="Team composition and cohesion in spaceflight missions">
Team composition and cohesion in spaceflight missions

Selection, training, cohesion and psychosocial adaptation influence performance and, as such, are relevant factors to consider while preparing for costly, long-duration spaceflight missions in which the performance objectives will be demanding, endurance will be tested and success will be critical.
During the selection of crew members, throughout their training and during their psychosocial adaptation to the mission environment, there are several opportunities to encourage optimal performance and, in turn, minimize the risk of failure.
Individual selection and crew composition.
Evidence linking crew selection, composition, training, cohesion or psychosocial adaptation to performance errors is uncertain. Many NASA-backed studies regarding spaceflight, as well as space analogs, emphasize the need to consider these factors. The research on performance errors caused by team factors is ambiguous and currently, no systematic attempt has been undertaken to measure performance errors due to psychosocial team factors during space flight.
As a result, evidence does not help identify what is needed to reduce the risk of performance errors in space. Ground-based evidence demonstrates that decrements in individual and team performance are related to the psychosocial characteristics of teamwork. Also, there are reasons to believe that ground support personnel and crew members experience many of the same basic issues regarding teamwork and performance.
The study of performance errors implies that human actions may be simplified into a dichotomy of "correct" or "incorrect" responses. It has been argued that this dichotomy is a harmful oversimplification, and that it would be more productive to focus on the variability of human performance and how organizations can manage that variability.
There are two particular problems that occur when focusing on performance errors:
Research shows that humans are fairly adept at correcting or compensating for performance errors before such errors result in recognizable or recordable failures. Most failures are recorded only when multiple errors occur and are not preventable.
Selection.
For NASA's purposes, a team is commonly understood to be a collection of individuals that is assigned to support and achieve a particular mission. One way of selecting for teams is to identify those individuals who are best suited to work in teams, ensuring that each individual team member possesses the qualities and skills that lend themselves to optimal teamwork. Many organizations use competency frameworks to select individuals utilizing a "team-working" competency that measures how an individual works with other team members (support, knowledge sharing, etc.). These "teamwork" competencies have been shown to help predict individual performance in teams.
Efforts have been made within spaceflight operations to identify factors that are important for selecting individual crew members for long duration spaceflight. There has also been an analytical study to identify the skills necessary for long and short duration missions to inform the initial astronaut candidate selection process. In this study, twenty experts (including astronauts) rated 47 relevant skills on criticality and another 42 environmental and work demands on their probability of occurrence.
This resulted in 10 broad factors that were deemed important for long-duration missions:
These factors somewhat overlap with those identified in previous peer-rating studies which suggest both a job competence and an interpersonal dimension for astronaut performance.
There is a lack of data that related performance to team composition and cohesion due to the evolution of job duties and selection practices over the history of manned spaceflight as well as the limited number of astronauts actually selected (340 U.S. astronauts to date). These issues are relevant to other space agencies as well. In 1990, a European astronaut working group reevaluated selection criteria for the selection of European astronauts as Russian researchers have collected personality data on cosmonauts for a number of years. The empirical linking of personality factors to specific performance levels still eludes researchers.
Training.
Long-duration space flights are so physically, mentally and emotionally demanding that simply selecting individual crew members who have the "right stuff" is insufficient. Training and supporting optimal performance is more effective than simply selecting high performers. Training team skills and supporting optimal performance entails more than educating astronauts about the technical aspects of the job, it also requires equipping those astronauts with the resources that are needed to maintain psychological and physical health during long-duration spaceflight missions.
Developing the right kind of training for team skills is further complicated by operational issues. Not all tasks that will or may be encountered can be anticipated. Unexpected tasks can, and have, arise suddenly. Team training needs to be broad and flexible enough to support these unexpected performance requirements.
Cohesion.
Group cohesiveness has been defined as the strength of members' motivations to stay in the group. Leon Festinger cited three primary characteristics that define team cohesion: interpersonal attraction, task commitment and group pride. Studies to determine the strength or willingness of individuals to stick together and act as a unit have most consistently assessed the level of conflict, degree of interpersonal tensions, facility and quality of communications, collective perceptions of team health and performance of the group, and the extent to which team members share perceptions or understandings concerning their operational context.
Researchers at the U.S. Army Research Institute (ARI) noted in their recent review of cohesion as a construct, that the definitions of cohesion is ambiguous; therefore, the means of measuring cohesion is complex. The ARI authors concluded that "cohesion can best be conceptualized as a multidimensional construct consisting of numerous factors representing interpersonal and task dynamics.
There is a large body of ground-based evidence showing cohesion influences levels of performance, but this evidence is primarily correlational rather than causal.
Cohesive teams are more productive than less cohesive teams. This situation could be because
or<br>
Teams preserve their cohesion when they succeed rather than fail. Therefore, applied scientists advise it is important to promote three essential conditions for team performance:<br>
These kinds of problems undermine team performance and can have detrimental effects on team cohesion (Thompson, 2002).
Research shows that cohesive teams tend to sit closer to each other, focus more attention on each other, show signs of mutual affection, display coordinated patterns of behavior as well as give due credit to their partners. Non-cohesive teams are more likely to take credit for successes and blame others for mistakes and failures. It is important to differentiate between team cohesiveness and individual morale. An individual who has low morale can influence team cohesion, but it may be possible for a team to remain cohesive even with low-morale members.
Psychosocial experts within the spaceflight community have articulated their concern that interpersonal conflicts and lack of cohesion will impede the abilities of crews to perform tasks accurately, efficiently, or in a coordinated manner during long-duration missions.
From the evidence, it cannot be said that lack of team cohesion is statistically likely to result in numerous performance errors or an observable failure, but it does seem likely that ignoring the relationship between cohesion and performance will result in sub-optimal performance. We know that many factors contribute to how cohesion is built and encouraged within a team, and we know that cohesion is positively related to better performance. Research cannot effectively determine in a reasonable amount of time what minimum level of cohesion is required to avoid catastrophic failure. Instead of investing research and time in such an endeavor, funding would be better used to test and identify effective means of building cohesion and promoting optimal performance in a long-duration mission context.
Although the astronaut candidate selection process screens for individuals with personality or mood disorders, certain disorders (i.e. poor psychosocial adaptation) may develop due to poor cohesion and/or support is a concern that could ultimately decrease performance in space flight crews.
Although spaceflight evidence regarding cohesion and performance is limited by the scarcity of objective team performance data, case studies, interviews and surveys have been conducted within the spaceflight community that have provided evidence that issues pertaining to cohesion exist and are perceived as threats to effective operations. For example, breakdowns in team coordination, resource and informational exchanges, and role conflicts (all common indicators of poor team cohesion) were mentioned as contributors to both the "Challenger" and the "Columbia" space shuttle accidents. Likewise, interviews and surveys of flight controllers indicate that mission teams are commonly concerned with team member coordination and communications, and that interpersonal conflicts and tensions do exist.
Because of a lack of empirical evidence from spaceflight research, much of the evidence surrounding cohesion and performance comes from non-space domains such as aviation, medicine, the military, and space analogs. Some reports have estimated that "crew error" in aviation contributes 65% to 70% of all serious accidents. The resulting accident investigations and mishap reports note poor teamwork, communication, coordination, and tactical decision-making as significant causal factors in mishap samples and team breakdowns are repeatedly implicated in accidents. Interpersonal conflicts, miscommunications, failures to communicate, and poor teamwork skills have been shown to contribute significantly to the rate of errors in the medical field.
Meta-analyses conducted in various industries and types of performance teams (work, military, sport, educational, etc.) provide additional ground-based evidence that cohesion is related to performance. The authors of these meta-analyses (Evans and Dion found a positive correlation between cohesion and individual performance, but did not include group performance criterion measures. Mullen and Copper found that cohesion positively affects performance. They also found that this relationship was stronger in real teams verses ad hoc teams, in small teams verses large teams as well as in field studies. Mullen and Copper also noted that successful performance also promotes cohesion and numerous performance outcomes including individual and group performance, behavioral health, job satisfaction, readiness to perform, and absence of discipline problems.
In the later meta-analyses, it was found that as work required more collaboration, the cohesion-performance relationship became stronger and highly cohesive teams became more likely to perform better than less-cohesive teams. This conclusion coincides with Thompson's cumulated field study finding that cohesion facilitates team processes and team coordination among work teams in various industrial settings.
A significant positive relationship between performance and the generalized beliefs of team members concerning the capabilities of their team across different situations. Although most research on team cohesion and performance concentrate on the positive aspects of team attitudes, some have investigated the level of conflict and negative attitudes concerning the team as indicators of cohesion. De Dreu and Weingart noted an important distinction between interpersonal conflict and task conflict (defined, interpersonal conflicts are about relationship issues, whereas task conflicts are about how to handle tasks).
Interpersonal conflict is generally detrimental to team cohesion, and, in turn, is destructive to team performance. While team members may correct each other, offer alternatives and argue about how to solve a problem, some level of task-related conflict can promote optimal performance. In contrast, interpersonal and task-related aspects of cohesion are generally found to influence performance positively. A study conducted with Canadian military groups showed that task-related cohesion was positively related to individual job satisfaction, interpersonal cohesion was negatively related to reports of psychological distress, and both types of cohesion were positively related to job performance.
Research conducted on Antarctic space analogs investigated conflict, cohesion and performance. It was found that:
This last point was studied over a ten-year period, modeling individual and group effects on adaptation to life in an extreme environment using multilevel analysis ().
The military and aviation industries have focused more on task cohesion and shared mental models (SMMs) in their cohesion studies. SMMs refer to implicit agreements in team member expectations concerning how things work and what behaviors will result in various conditions and were proposed to characterize cohesive work teams. Studies that compare performance during simulated operations and training note that
Leadership and cohesion.
Leadership, or the ability to influence others toward achieving group goals, may also play a role in team cohesion. Although there is an abundance of research that exists for this topic, much of it is complex and conflicting and the findings are often mixed. Many studies are at the individual level and may not generalize to the spaceflight setting. Studies have shown a supporting relationship between different types of leadership styles, individual performance and morale.

</doc>
<doc id="36847059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847059" title="DOM (album)">
DOM (album)

DOM is the thirteenth studio album by German singer Joachim Witt. It was released on September 28, 2012. There are several different versions including a standard version, a limited deluxe edition double album that contains an autobiography, a limited digital edition and vinyl records. This includes the sampled "Retromania" songs on the deluxe edition. The track "Gloria" was released as a single.
Reception.
"DOM" received mixed echoes in Germany. "Rolling Stone" delivered a negative review that criticised the electronic parts as being reminiscent of a Leni Riefenstahl film and called the album "kitsch". The "Orkus" magazine's reviewer noted some kitsch too but praised the theatrical lyrics in an overall very favourable review. He wrote that compared to the previous "Bayreuth" cycle that featured pain and anger, Witt had become more settled now. Also the "Sonic Seducer's" review was very positive while noting the quality of the songwriting and the instrumentation.
The album peaked at position 6 in the German Media Control Charts while the single "Gloria" reached number 74.

</doc>
<doc id="36847071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847071" title="Acrolepiopsis nagaimo">
Acrolepiopsis nagaimo

Acrolepiopsis nagaimo is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Yasuda in 2000. It is found in Japan.
The larvae feed on "Dioscorea oposita". They mine the leaves of their host plant.

</doc>
<doc id="36847115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847115" title="St Mary the Virgin Church, Thurnham">
St Mary the Virgin Church, Thurnham

St Mary the Virgin is a small parish church in Thurnham, Kent. Begun in the 12th century, it is a Grade I listed building.
Building.
The church was begun in the 12th century with alterations made up to the early 17th century. The church comprises a continuous nave and chancel with a chapel at the east end of the north side of the nave. Porches on the north and south side abut the west tower. Apart from the porches and the chapel, the church is constructed of random flint and has a plain tiled roof. The porches are of uneven stone blocks and the chapel is of galleted stone.
The west tower is in two stages with a battlemented parapet with buttresses at the four corners. A small window is above the west door and the belfry stage has single-lighted openings. Edward Hasted describe the church in 1798 as having a pointed steeple, but this is no longer present. The west end of the nave and chancel is 12th or 13th century and the east end 14th century. The south wall contains two restored perpendicular gothic windows at the west. The north wall has a single restored perpendicular window. The east end of the chancel has a large restored window. The porches are early 15th century with gabled roofs and the chapel was added circa 1603 with a hipped roof behind a battlemented parapet. Each has a plinth and the chapel has a large window on its east side. 
Internally, the nave is separated from the chapel with a 15th-century arch. The nave roof has crown posts; the chancel roof has collar purlins, but no crown posts. The Reredos is heavily carved and was made in Oberammergau. It is dedicated to Mrs Julia Jane Hampson ("d". 1904, wife of the vicar, Rev. William Hampson). The font is octagonal and possibly 14th century. The pews are late 18th or early 19th century. The chapel is dedicated to Sir Henry Cutt and was paid for by his wife Lady Barbara Cutt. The church contains memorials to Lady Barbara ("d". 1618), her second husband William Covert, Richard Sheldon ("d". 1736), Mariae Dering ("d". 1725), Thomas Burwash ("d". 1791) and Thomas Wise ("d". 1790) and family.
The churchyard contains a number of Grade II listed monuments.</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="36847122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847122" title="Acrolepiopsis peterseni">
Acrolepiopsis peterseni

Acrolepiopsis peterseni is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Gaedike in 1994. It is found in Russia (it was described from the area of Ussurijsk in Primorskij kraj).

</doc>
<doc id="36847126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847126" title="Acrolepiopsis sinjovi">
Acrolepiopsis sinjovi

Acrolepiopsis sinjovi is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Gaedike in 1994. It is found in Russia (it was described from the area of Ussurijsk in Primorskij kraj).

</doc>
<doc id="36847148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847148" title="Anita Theodosia Moira Rodzianko King">
Anita Theodosia Moira Rodzianko King

Anita Leslie, novelist & biographer; (21 November 1914 – 5 November 1985), was an Irish-born biographer and writer. She was a first cousin once removed of the British war time Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill.
Childhood and education.
The eldest of three children born in New York City, to a wealthy Anglo-Irish landowning family (49,968 acres). Anita alongside her brothers Sir John Leslie, 4th Baronet, and Desmond Leslie were born to father Shane Leslie (Sir John Randolph Leslie, 3rd Baronet) and mother Majorie Ide the Vermont-born daughter of General Henry Clay Ide the US ambassador to Spain.
Anita's schooling was abysmal. She spent her childhood partly on a feudal estate in a country torn by conflict, partly in a London town-house where everyone in the 1920s seemed obsessed by cocktails, short skits, bobbed hair and Eton crops, and partly in strange schools and convents in various parts of Europe. But she always felt at home at Castle Leslie and her 1981 autobiography 'The Gilt and the gingerbread' details her early childhood and eventual decision to leave the home of her grandparents and play her part in the Second World War.
World War II.
During the war she joined the Mechanised Transport Corps, as a fully trained mechanic and ambulance driver. Anita was stationed in Cairo, Lebanon, Syria, and Jordan during the intervening years. In 1944 she drove ambulances with the free-French army though northern France and liberated a V2 Rocket Factory in Germany. She wrote letters home from Hitler's office in the Reich Chancellery and took part in the Victory parade in Berlin.
Anita met future husband Bill King in Lebanon in 1943, where King served for 5 months as executive officer of the submarine base at Beirut. She was on a skiing trip after doing duty in Africa in the Motor Transport Corps in 1940–42, although a letter mentions her being in Beirut in 1941–42. Leslie-King then became an ambulance driver in the French Army from 1944 to 1945. For the latter, she was awarded the "Croix de Guerre" in 1945 by General Charles de Gaulle.
Post-war life and marriage.
On 1 January 1949, Leslie married King. After the war, Anita took up farming and was an avid fox hunter, as was her husband Bill. In 1946, the Kings bought Oranmore Castle, a 15th-century Norman keep built on Galway Bay in county Galway, Ireland for ₤200-. Other sources report that Anita Leslie-King was given the castle by her mother, who had bought it in 1946. For a while, the Kings lived in a hunting lodge outside Oranmore village, designed by Bill, and built while he and Anita went on a "world sailing cruise." To help combat his wife's asthma, King developed an organic farm and garden to feed his family. Both Anita Leslie's mother and grandmother had suffered asthma.
Family.
She married, firstly, Paul Rodzianko, and (secondly) to Commander Bill King in 1947 who during World War II served as a submarine commander and later a transatlantic and circumnaviator yachtsman. The Kings had two children, Richard Tarka Bourke King (born 1949), and Leonie Rose King (born 1951)

</doc>
<doc id="36847150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847150" title="Kortes Dam">
Kortes Dam

Kortes Dam (National ID # WY01294) is a dam in Carbon County, Wyoming.
The concrete gravity dam was constructed between 1946 and 1951 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, with a height of 244 feet, and a length of 440 feet at its crest. It impounds the North Platte River for hydroelectric power. Owned and operated by the Bureau, it stands as part of the Kortes Unit of the vast Pick–Sloan Missouri Basin Program less than two miles downstream from the Bureau's larger Seminoe Dam. 
The riverine reservoir it creates, Kortes Reservoir, has a water surface of 83 acres and a volume of 4,765 acre-feet confined to the narrow Black Canyon, which is not stocked with fish and has no boat ramp facilities. However, the five and a half river miles from the base of Kortes Dam downstream to the Pathfinder Reservoir, the Miracle Mile Area, has eleven primitive camping areas and fishing for brown trout, cutthroat trout, rainbow trout, and walleye. 

</doc>
<doc id="36847157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847157" title="List of County Highways in Douglas County, Kansas">
List of County Highways in Douglas County, Kansas

Douglas County, Kansas, maintains an extensive network of county highways to serve the rural areas and state parks of the county. It is one of a handful of Kansas counties to do so.
The major county highways are set up on a grid. East–west-oriented roads have a three-digit number beginning with the numeral "4" and ending in an even digit. The further north the road, the lower the number; the further south, the higher the number. North–south-oriented roads have a four-digit number beginning with "10" and ending in an odd digit. The further west the road, the lower the number; the further east, the higher the number.
There are also minor county roads with one or two digits that travel a short distance or serve a state park.
None of the county highways enters Lawrence, the county seat.
The maximum speed limit on all county highways in Douglas County is .

</doc>
<doc id="36847159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847159" title="Fuchsia (film)">
Fuchsia (film)

Fuchsia is a 2009 Filipino drama-comedy film directed by Joel Lamangan. It stars Gloria Romero, Eddie Garcia, and Robert Arevalo.

</doc>
<doc id="36847173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847173" title="Legas">
Legas

Legas is a multilingual publishing company devoted to the dissemination of original works, and specializing in the areas of culture, the language arts and social sciences. 
Formed in 1987 in Ottawa, Canada by Dr. Leonard G. Sbrocchi, "Legas" continues today to publish high-quality publications of special interest in several languages for markets worldwide. "Legas" is represented in the U. S. by Professor Gaetano Cipolla in Mineola, New York.
In Canada, "Legas" has published numerous essays and monographs in Italian Literature (Pavese, Pirandello, Carducci, Pascoli, Risi and other works. In the U. S., "Legas"' publications include the Sicilian-English Journal "Arba Sicula" and such titles as "Oriental Parnassus", by Luciano Troisio, "Violence, a Sicilian Drama", by Giuseppe Fava, and a translation of "The Poetry of Nino Martoglio" by Gaetano Cipolla.

</doc>
<doc id="36847187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847187" title="Performance Based Contracting">
Performance Based Contracting

Performance Based Contracting (PBC), known variously as Performance-based logistics (PBL), Performance-based life-cycle product support, Contracting for Availability, Contractor Logistics Support (CLS), Contracting for Capability, and Power-By-The-Hour is a product support strategy used to achieve measurable performance outcomes for a weapon system or subsystem. A PBC approach focuses on developing strategic performance metrics and directly relating contracting payment to performance against these metrics. Common metrics include availability, reliability, maintainability, supportability and total cost of ownership. The primary means of accomplishing this are through incentivized, long-term contracts with specific and measurable levels of operational performance defined by the customer and agreed on by contracting parties. This stands in contrast to the traditional waterfall approach, where payment is related to completion of milestones and project deliverables.
Overview.
PBC is about buying Performance, not transactional goods and services, through an integrated acquisition and logistics process delivering improved capability to a range of products and services. PBC is a support strategy that places primary emphasis on optimising system support to meet the needs of the user. PBCs delineate outcome performance goals, ensure that responsibilities are assigned, provide incentives for attaining these goals, and facilitate the overall life-cycle management of system reliability, supportability, and total ownership costs.
A PBC in practice involves a contracting agency (who are contracting the work to an external provider) and a contractor (who are responsible for completing the work set out in the contract). Several other parties are often involved, including subcontractors, a legal team and consultants. These parties work for both contracting agency and contractor completing various elements of work associated with contract development, contracted work completion or performance management / measurement.
Implementation.
A typical process for implementing a PBC is as follows:
Naming.
PBC is the name used in Australia, New Zealand and Canada to describe the practice of attaching contract payment to a set of performance metrics. It is commonly known as Performance-based logistics in the USA and Contracting for Availability or Contractor Logistics Support in the UK. Although it was developed in the USA for Defence application, and is most actively applied there, PBC strategies are growing in popularity around the world and in industry sectors other than defence. In particular, PBC frameworks are becoming popular in Shipping, Transport, Health Services and the energy sector.
Applications.
Defence.
PBC is widely applied in the Australian Defence Sector, primarily by the major acquisition and support organisation, the Defence Material Organisation (DMO). It is particularly useful in the Defence environment because of the inherent complexity and large scale of the projects. Recently, Australian Defence has initiated an escalation of the use of PBCs with the strategic aims of improving capability outcomes and reducing total cost of ownership. In Australia and the USA, PBC frameworks are most commonly applied in Defence situations.
PBC frameworks are currently being used in numerous Defence related projects, including:
Industry.
Although it is applied primarily in the Defence environment, PBC is becoming more popular in a broader range of private and public sector organisations as they seek to reduce costs and create a closer link between expenditure and project outcomes.
Areas outside Defence where PBC is applied include:
Some examples:
Studies.
There is some debate about the efficacy of PBC as a product support measure. However, there is significant research to suggest that PBC can reduce costs and result in better outcomes than traditional contracting approaches. An American study into the effectiveness of PBC frameworks in Defence projects was recently conducted. The study found that projects employing a true PBC framework resulted in substantially lower costs and improved system readiness / capability when compared to non-PBC arrangements. In addition to this, a study by Booz Allen Hamilton found that even incorporating a small amount of a PBC framework into weapons system support will create positive outcomes.
In a more general sense, implementing a PBC framework has a broad range of benefits for organisations, contractors and contracting agencies, including:

</doc>
<doc id="36847196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847196" title="Festuca filiformis">
Festuca filiformis

Festuca filiformis, known by the common names fine-leaf sheep fescue, hair fescue, and slender fescue, is a species of grass. It is native to Europe and it is widespread elsewhere as an introduced species and often a weed.

</doc>
<doc id="36847197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847197" title="Acrolophus abdita">
Acrolophus abdita

Acrolophus abdita is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in South America.

</doc>
<doc id="36847207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847207" title="Harper-Chesser House">
Harper-Chesser House

Harper-Chesser House is a historic house listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgetown, Texas. The house was built in 1890 by County Judge D.S. Chesser. It is located at 1309 College Street in Georgetown, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="36847212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847212" title="Frances (ship)">
Frances (ship)

A number of sailing ships have been named "Frances":

</doc>
<doc id="36847217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847217" title="Poothampara">
Poothampara

Poothampara is a small village of Kozhikode district, Kerala, India. It shares the district border of Kozhikode district with Wayanad district.
Demographics.
Approximately 500 people live in this small village.
Culture.
The early occupants believed to have migrated to Poothampara sometime in 1940s. Most of them had to clean up the dense forest and started agriculture. Cashew, coconut, beetle nut, Mango, Plantains were the initial crops, however, Rubber trees gained popularity over a period of time. Poothampara is surrounded with think dense forest and it receives unusual amount of rainfall during monsoon. Unofficial measurements indicated Poothampara receives about 3500mm rainfall a year.
It has lower primary school and a Roman Catholic church.

</doc>
<doc id="36847260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847260" title="The Timber">
The Timber

The Timber is an upcoming western drama film directed by Anthony O'Brien, and produced by Scott Einbinder and Patrick Newall. Starring James Ransone, Elisa Lasowski, Mark Caven, William Gaunt, David Bailie, and Josh Peck.
Plot.
In 1898 during the Yukon Gold Rush, brothers Wyatt (Ransone) and Samuel (Peck) face harsh elements, crazed men, and death at every corner in pursuit of their violent and commanding father, a twisted man who has turned the Yukon Territory into his own personal hell in a time where intense greed, betrayal, redemption and bloodshed are common.
Production.
Filming.
Filming took place in the Carpathian Mountains in Romania and at the Media Pro Studios in Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="36847264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847264" title="Arabis procurrens">
Arabis procurrens

Arabis procurrens (syn. "A. ferdinandi-coburgi"), the spreading rock cress, is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae. It is a spreading evergreen or semi-evergreen perennial, forming a dense mat of foliage, with loose racemes of white flowers in spring, suitable for cultivation in the alpine garden.
The specific epithet "procurrens" means "spreading underground".
The variety "A. procurrens" 'Variegata', with white-edged leaves, has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36847266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847266" title="Don't Eat the Yellow Snow Suite">
Don't Eat the Yellow Snow Suite

The "Don't Eat the Yellow Snow Suite" is made up of the first four tracks of Frank Zappa's album "Apostrophe (')", "Don't Eat the Yellow Snow", "Nanook Rubs It", "St.Alfonzo's Pancake Breakfast", and "Father O'Blivion." Each song in the suite is loosely connected, although the songs are not all connected by one overall story/theme. The suite was only played in full from 1973 to 1974 and 1978 to 1980. "Saint Alfonzo's Pancake Breakfast" contains Zappa's percussionist Ruth Underwood on marimba who added a very distinct sound to many of his songs in the early 70s.
Story.
"Don't Eat The Yellow Snow" is a song about a man who dreams that he was an Eskimo named Nanook. His mother warns him "Watch out where the huskies go, and don't you eat that yellow snow." The song directly transitions into "Nanook Rubs It." The song is about Nanook encountering a fur trapper "strictly from commercial" who is whipping Nanook's "favorite baby seal" with a "lead-filled snow shoe." Eventually Nanook gets so mad he rubs husky "wee wee" into the fur trapper's eyes blinding him. According to Zappa this is supposed to replace "The Mud Shark" (a song from the live album "Fillmore East – June 1971") in Zappa mythology. Zappa then sings in the fur trapper's perspective. The fur trapper then makes his way to the parish of St. Alfonzo, introducing the next song "St. Alfonzo's Pancake Breakfast." In this song a man attending St.Alfonzo's Pancake Breakfast does an assortment of nefarious activities such as stealing the margarine, wheedling on the bingo cards, and blowing up the latrine. The final song in the suite, "Father O'Blivion", is about the man named Father Vivian O'Blivion who makes the pancakes for St.Alfonzo. Randomly the song becomes about a leprechaun who's masturbating in a sock. The leprechaun feels that St.Alfonzo would be proud of him for doing so. Then he utters the Latin phrase "Dominus vobiscum Et cum spiritu tuo (meaning "The Lord be with you. And with your spirit."). Won't you eat my sleazy pancakes just for Saintly Alfonzo." There are many implications why the pancakes are "sleazy"; Zappa leaves them to the listener's interpretation. The suite can only loosely be said to follow a story and is treated as one piece only because of the musical transitions, the way each song introduces the next, and how later songs reference previous songs.
Rollo.
"Rollo" was a piece of music that went along with the original suite, but Zappa decided against putting the whole piece in the album. Instead, he decided to add the main theme of "Rollo" as the instrumental 2nd half of "St. Alphonzo's Pancake Breakfast". The only known recording where the entire suite appears in full is on the live album You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore, Vol. 1, where it is played at Hammersmith Apollo (Hammersmith Odeon), in London, on February 18–19, 1979. The piece by itself also appears on his posthumous album QuAUDIOPHILIAc, and his posthumous live album Imaginary Diseases. The piece itself was written during Zappa's recovery from injuries suffered in December 1971, when he was pushed from the stage at London's Rainbow Theatre by a deranged fan. The original piece had lyrics detailing the adventures of a "Man and a dog" (the dog being named, "Rollo") who encounter a couple in some sort of act of lovemaking. The piece was performed with the vocals during much of Zappa's Grand Wazoo Orchestra tour in September 1972. Sometime after that tour, Zappa decided to drop the lyrics and play it strictly as an instrumental; eventually finding its way into the Yellow Snow suite. In 1978, Zappa resurrected and revised the lyrics (sung by keyboardist Tommy Mars) into the suite. Rollo was performed on October 21, 1978 during Zappa's appearance as host of Saturday Night Live. For the broadcast, Tommy Mars' vocals were modulated via a vocoder to avoid issues with network censors concerning the song's lyrical content. 
The Single.
A disc jockey in Pittsburgh edited the album versions of "Don't Eat the Yellow Snow" and "Nanook Rubs It" to play on his radio show. While Zappa toured Europe, he learned of this version's success, and decided to create his own edited version once he returned to the United States, and released it as a single. The version released as a single contains some of the album version of "Don't Eat the Yellow Snow", most of "Nanook Rubs It", and the intro to "St. Alfonzo's Pancake Breakfast." The single also appears on Frank Zappa's best-of, "Strictly Commercial", which title is taken from the lyrics of the song "Nanook Rubs It."
Track List.
7"
A."Don't Eat The Yellow Snow" – 3:26 (Contains Don't Eat The Yellow Snow, Nanook Rubs it and the intro to St.Alfonzo's Pancake Breakfast) 
B."Cosmik Debris" – 4:10 
Record Store Day Reissue.
On April 14th, 2014, Zappa Records will release a special limited edition re-issue of the single edit originally released in 1974. This edition will contain an alternate version of the piece 'Down In De Dew' (from Zappa's 1996 posthumous release Läther) as the B-Side. The record sleeve uses a previously rejected cover photo for Apostrophe ('). 

</doc>
<doc id="36847274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847274" title="Mbeya Range">
Mbeya Range

Mbeya Range is a volcanic mountain range in Mbeya Region, in southwestern Tanzania, East Africa. It forms an arc just north of the town of Mbeya and includes Loleza Peak (2656 m.), Mbeya Peak (2565 m.), Nyanuwa Peak (2332 m.), and Pungulumo (1909 m.). The range is at the junction of the eastern Gregory Rift and western Albertine Rift valleys. and is in Rungwe volcanic province. The Songwe Scarp terminates the Rukwa Trough at its southeast end and forms the northwestern side of the Mbeya Range.
To the south lie the Rungwe Mountains, and to the southeast the Kipengere Mountains.
Ecology.
Overgrazing and extensive wood cutting have in the mountains resulted in unstable slopes which has caused increased surface runoff, soil erosion, and land degradation.

</doc>
<doc id="36847276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847276" title="Satvik shop">
Satvik shop

Satvik Shop is an online community and shopping website dedicated to organic and ayurvedic products. The website is part of the online portfolio of The Times Group and was launched in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36847278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847278" title="Joseph Mullaly">
Joseph Mullaly

Joseph Mullaly (died 1906) was a 19th Century brickmaker in Los Angeles, California, and a member of the Los Angeles Common Council, the city's governing body.
Mullaly came to California in 1852 and to Los Angeles in 1854, where he began brickmaking along with partners Samuel Ayers and David Porter. Their best year was 1858, when they sold two million bricks for improvements proposed in 1859.
Two of the historic buildings for which he made bricks from the clay found on the site or nearby were the John Rains House in today's Rancho Cucamonga, in 1860, and the A.T. Currier House in the Pomona Valley, in 1875.
The residence of Mr. Mullally is situated on the corner of Buena Vista North Broadway and College streets, . . . one of the finest residences in the city of Los Angeles.The grounds have a frontage of one hundred and eighty-five feet on Buena Vista street and two hundred and eighty-five feet on College, and contain a fine bearing orchard, consisting of orange, lemon, pear, apple trees, etc.
A Democrat, Mullaly was a member of the Los Angeles Common Council in 1857–58, 1872–73, 1874–78 and 1881–83. In 1896 he owned a rooming house called "The Wellington."
At the time of his death in December 1906, he was noted as "one of the oldest residents of Los Angeles and a member of the Society of Pioneers. He was survived by his wife.
References.
Access to the "Los Angeles Times" links may require the use of a library card.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36847301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847301" title="Pilularia globulifera">
Pilularia globulifera

Pilularia globulifera, or pillwort, is an unusual species of fern native to western Europe, where it grows at edges of lakes, ponds, ditches and marshes, on wet clay or clay-sand soil, sometimes in water up to deep. It has a pea-shaped 4-chambered sporocarp, each chamber with sorus bearing both macrosporangia and microsporangia.
Some of the plants growing in association with this species in the UK include water celery ("Apium inundatum"), marsh pennywort ("Hydrocotyle vulgaris") and lesser spearwort ("Ranunculus flammula").
This is an internationally threatened species included in the European Red Data Book. It is listed on Schedule 8 of the Wildlife (Northern Ireland) Order 1985, but it has not been seen since 1970 and may now be extinct in the province. It is protected under the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 in the rest of the UK, where it is now classified as Vulnerable.
Pillwort can be grown in a "bog garden" or as a marginal aquatic in a garden pond.

</doc>
<doc id="36847330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847330" title="Nina van Koeckhoven">
Nina van Koeckhoven

Nina van Koeckhoven (born 6 October 1983) is a Belgian freestyle swimmer and triathlete. She won two medals at the 2000 European Aquatics Championships and participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics in four events, but did not reach the finals. 
Van Koeckhoven was born in Ghent but later moved to Zelzate. In 1991, she started swimming in a club. Her first international success was a bronze medal in the 200 m freestyle at the 1997 European Youth Olympic Festival in Lisbon. Next year she won two more bronze medals, in the 100 m and 200 m freestyle at the European Junior Swimming Championships. From 1999 she competed in regular competitions and reached the finals at the 1999 European Aquatics Championships, again in the 200 m freestyle. Her best results came in 2000 when she won two European medals and passed the Olympic selection. 
In 2001, she won one more bronze medal, at the FINA Swimming World Cup in Paris, and set a national record in the 200 m freestyle (2'00"90) that stood for at least 10 years. However, the same year she had serious food poisoning from which she could not fully recover. In January 2012, having won 10 national titles she retired from competitive swimming. She works as criminologist with the Belgian police and competes in triathlon (since 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="36847337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847337" title="63 Cygni">
63 Cygni

63 Cygni (63 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.55.

</doc>
<doc id="36847343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847343" title="Stateline Dam">
Stateline Dam

Stateline Dam (National ID # UT82904) is a dam in Summit County, Utah, less than a half-mile south of the Utah-Wyoming state line.
The earthen rockfill dam was constructed between 1977 and 1979 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation with a height of 143 feet and 2900 feet long at its crest. It impounds East Fork of Smiths Fork for flood control and irrigation storage, part of the Lyman Project, along with the nearby Meeks Cabin Dam. The dam is owned by the Bureau and is operated by the local Bridger Valley Water Conservancy District.
The reservoir it creates, Stateline Reservoir, has a water surface of 304 acres and has a maximum capacity of 12,000 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing (for rainbow, brook, and cutthroat trout), boating, and camping at 41 Forest Service campsites. Although public access is unrestricted and the water quality is excellent, the water is too cold for most swimmers. 

</doc>
<doc id="36847345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847345" title="47 Cygni">
47 Cygni

47 Cygni (47 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.66.

</doc>
<doc id="36847346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847346" title="Sebastian Ross">
Sebastian Ross

Sebastian "Seb" Ross (born 7 May 1993) is a professional Australian rules football player at the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). 
He is the cousin of Jobe Watson and nephew of Tim Watson.
Ross was recruited by the club with draft pick 25 in the 2011 National Draft. He made his debut in Round 22, 2012, against at Docklands Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36847365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847365" title="59 Cygni">
59 Cygni

59 Cygni (59 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.74.

</doc>
<doc id="36847374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847374" title="30 Cygni">
30 Cygni

30 Cygni (30 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.83.

</doc>
<doc id="36847375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847375" title="Carex humilis">
Carex humilis

Carex humilis (also known as dwarf sedge) is a species of sedge that can be found in Western Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="36847391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847391" title="57 Cygni">
57 Cygni

57 Cygni (57 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.78.

</doc>
<doc id="36847412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847412" title="The Voice of Marty Bell – The Quartet of Don Elliott">
The Voice of Marty Bell – The Quartet of Don Elliott

The Voice of Marty Bell - The Quartet of Don Elliott is an album by American jazz trumpeter Don Elliott's Quartet with vocalist Marty Bell which was recorded in 1956 for the Riverside label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars. 

</doc>
<doc id="36847414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847414" title="55 Cygni">
55 Cygni

55 Cygni (55 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.86.

</doc>
<doc id="36847419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847419" title="Tradegood">
Tradegood

Tradegood is a global sourcing community that connects buyers with suppliers across more than 100 countries. Tradegood was formerly known as iSupplier Intelligence (ISI).
The online community is a platform to introduce buyers and suppliers, as well as to make matches based on multiple points of compatibility.
Tradegood provides supplier evaluation services using more than 50 separate criteria, including operational history, employee numbers, regulatory compliance and environmental sustainability.
Some buyer and supplier groups are deploying Tradegood. These include Worldwide Responsible Accredited Production (WRAP), Council of Textile and Fashion Industries of Australia, the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association, and other sourcing agents and companies.
Also launched together with Tradegood is the Tradegood Café, a place equipped with video conferencing facilities where buyers and suppliers can use video, audio and computer equipment to meet virtually online for collaboration and discussion.
History.
The new brand Tradegood was officially launched in August 2012 in the SOURCING at MAGIC at Las Vegas, USA, the largest apparel and textile expo in North America. It was then brought to the China market with a series of large scale launch events spanning across 6 major cities with the participation of some 1,000 buyers, suppliers, industry associations and media.
Prior to these events, Tradegood has landed in various locations where traders and manufacturers cluster with the name of ISI.
Operations.
Tradegood is now operating in major continents with Mr. William Quilindo as the COO.
"Business done right" Verification Process.
“Business done right” verification process provides a backbone for everything Tradegood does. Tradegood on-site verification team validates and checks information provided by suppliers – verified items will be awarded Tradegood Verified Mark.
Business Chain Magazine.
Business Chain was a quarterly magazine published by Tradegood for the sourcing community. There are sections on market and sourcing features, business trends, lifestyle and living and Tradegood news in print and e-version. The Chinese publication is a printed magazine whereas the English iBook version is currently available in 51 countries including the United States and United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="36847429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847429" title="72 Cygni">
72 Cygni

72 Cygni (72 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.88.

</doc>
<doc id="36847432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847432" title="2011 Palanca Awards">
2011 Palanca Awards

The Carlos Palanca Memorial Awards for Literature winners for 2011 received their medals (for first Prize winners only), certificates (for all winners) and cash prizes during awarding ceremonies held on September 1, 2011, at the Peninsula Hotel Manila in Makati City. Guest of honor and speaker was National Artist for Literature Francisco Sionil Jose, who was conferred the Gawad Dangal ng Lahi by awards director, Sylvia Palanca - Quirino. Victor Emmanuel Carmelo 'Vim' Nadera served as Master of Ceremonies.
English Division.
Novel
"Judges: J. Neil Garcia (Chairman), Benjamin S. Bautista, Criselda Yabes"
Short Story 
"Judges: Dean Francis Alfar (Chairman), Shirley O. Lua, Esther M. Pacheco"
Short Story for Children
"Judges: Beaulah Pedregosa - Taguiwalo (Chairman), Feny Delos Angeles - Bautista, Luis Joaquin M. Katigbak"
Essay
"Judges: Federico M. Macaranas (Chairman), Katrina P. Tuvera - Quimbo, Thelma E. Arambulo"
Poetry
"Judges: Mariano 'Marne' L. Kilates (Chairman), Joel M. Toledo, Mikael De Lara Co 
Poetry for Children
"Judges: Edgardo B. Maranan (Chairman), Maria Elena Paterno - Locsin, Lina B. Diaz de Rivera"
One-Act Play
"Judges: Glenn Sevilla Mas (Chairman), Ronan Capinding, Josefina Estrella
Full Length Play
"Judges: Miguel Faustmann (Chairman), Malou Jacob, Nestor O. Jardin"
Filipino Division.
Nobela (Novel)
"Judges: Reynaldo A. Duque (Chairman), Lilia F. Antonio, Fanny A. Garcia"
Maikling Kuwento (Short Story)
"Judges: Jimmuel C. Naval (Chairman), Fidel Rillo, Jr., Marco Aniano V. Lopez"
Maikling Kuwentong Pambata (Short Story for Children)
"Judges: Dina Ocampo - Cristobal (Chairman), Virgilio V. Vitug, Felicitas E. Pado"
Sanaysay (Essay)
"Judges: Pamela C. Constantino (Chairman), Vina P. Paz, Lourd de Veyra"
Tula (Poetry)
"Judges: Rebecca T. Añonuevo (Chairman), Rofel G. Brion, Alfonso S. Mendoza"
Tulang Pambata (Poetry for Children)
"Judges: Heidi Emily Eusebio - Abad (Chairman), German Villanueva Gervacio, Jesus Manuel Santiago"
Dulang May Isang Yugto (One-Act Play)
"Judges: Roy C. Iglesias (Chairman), Clodualdo del Mundo, Jr., Maribel Legarda"
Dulang May Ganap na Haba (Full-Length Play)
"Judges: Rosauro 'Uro' Q. Dela Cruz (Chairman), Chris B. Millado, Robert Seña"
Dulang Pampelikula (Screenplay)
"Judges: Ricky Davao (Chairman), Gil Portes, Joel Lamangan"
Regional Languages Division.
Short Story in Cebuano
"Judges: Edgar S. Godin (Chairman), Erlinda Kintanar Alburo, Jaime L. An Lim"
Short Story in Hiligaynon
"Judges: Nereo E. Jedeliz, Jr. (Chairman), Resurrección Hidalgo, Genevieve L. Asenjo"
Short Story in Iluko
"Judges: Honor Blanco Cabie (Chairman), Roy V. Aragon, Priscilla Supnet Macansantos"
Kabataan Division.
English
Filipino
"Judges (both categories): Grace Dacanay Chong (Chairman), Perfecto T. Martin, Ruel S. De Vera"

</doc>
<doc id="36847438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847438" title="15 Cygni">
15 Cygni

15 Cygni (15 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus. Its apparent magnitude is 4.90.

</doc>
<doc id="36847455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847455" title="Minimal surface of revolution">
Minimal surface of revolution

In mathematics, a minimal surface of revolution or minimum surface of revolution is a surface of revolution defined from two points in a half-plane, whose boundary is the axis of revolution of the surface. It is generated by a curve that lies in the half-plane and connects the two points; among all the surfaces that can be generated in this way, it is the one that minimizes the surface area. A basic problem in the calculus of variations is finding the curve between two points that produces this minimal surface of revolution.
Relation to minimal surfaces.
A minimal surface of revolution is a subtype of minimal surface. A minimal surface is defined not as a surface of minimal area, but as a surface with a mean curvature of 0. Since a mean curvature of 0 is a necessary condition of a surface of minimal area, all minimal surfaces of revolution are minimal surfaces, but not all minimal surfaces are minimal surfaces of revolution. As a point forms a circle when rotated about an axis, finding the minimal surface of revolution is equivalent to finding the minimal surface passing through two circular wireframes. A physical realization of a minimal surface of revolution is soap film stretched between two parallel circular wires: the soap film naturally takes on the shape with least surface area.
Catenoid solution.
If the half-plane containing the two points and the axis of revolution is given Cartesian coordinates, making the axis of revolution into the "x"-axis of the coordinate system, then the curve connecting the points may be interpreted as the graph of a function. If the Cartesian coordinates of the two given points are formula_1, formula_2, then the area of the surface generated by a continuous function formula_3 may be expressed mathematically as
and the problem of finding the minimal surface of revolution becomes one of finding the function that minimizes this integral, subject to the boundary conditions that formula_5 and formula_6. In this case, the optimal curve will necessarily be a catenary. The axis of revolution is the directrix of the catenary, and the minimal surface of revolution will thus be a catenoid.
Goldschmidt solution.
Solutions based on discontinuous functions may also be defined. In particular, for some placements of the two points the optimal solution is generated by a discontinuous function that is nonzero at the two points and zero everywhere else. This function leads to a surface of revolution consisting of two circular disks, one for each point, connected by a degenerate line segment along the axis of revolution. This is known as a Goldschmidt solution after German mathematician Carl Wolfgang Benjamin Goldschmidt, who announced his discovery of it in his 1831 paper "Determinatio superficiei minimae rotatione curvae data duo puncta jungentis circa datum axem ortae" ("Determination of the surface-minimal rotation curve given two joined points about a given axis of origin").
To continue the physical analogy of soap film given above, these Goldschmidt solutions can be visualized as instances in which the soap film breaks as the circular wires are stretched apart. However, in a physical soap film, the connecting line segment would not be present. Additionally, if a soap film is stretched in this way, there is a range of distances within which the catenoid solution is still feasible but has greater area than the Goldschmidt solution, so the soap film may stretch into a configuration in which the area is a local minimum but not a global minimum. For distances greater than this range, the catenary that defines the catenoid crosses the "x"-axis and leads to a self-intersecting surface, so only the Goldschmidt solution is feasible.

</doc>
<doc id="36847466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847466" title="Bruce Sandilands">
Bruce Sandilands

Bruce Sandilands is a Paralympic athletics competitor from Australia who competed in the 1980 Arnhem Paralympics as a classified "B" athlete in the Men's 400 m and 1500 m. He won a bronze medal in the 1500 m B event.

</doc>
<doc id="36847510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847510" title="Juan Maria Sepulveda">
Juan Maria Sepulveda

Juan Maria Sepulveda was in 1858 the owner of a portion of southwest Los Angeles County later called the Huntington Palisades, which had been carved from the Spanish land grant of Rancho Boca de Santa Monica. He was named to the Los Angeles Common Council in a special election on August 9, 1853, serving until May 4, 1854.
A native of Los Angeles, California, he was married to Jesus Alvarado Sepulveda, and they had a son, Ildefonso A. Sepulveda, born about 1861.
References.
Access to the "Los Angeles Times" links may require the use of a library card.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36847558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847558" title="The Dedication">
The Dedication

The Dedication is a mixtape by DJ Drama and Lil Wayne released December 13, 2005. It is the first mixtape in the Dedication/Gangsta Grillz pentalogy and it was produced and hosted by DJ Drama. The mixtape was given its name because as Wayne explains in the track "Intro", it is dedicated to everyone around the world and to the "fallen soldiers". The cover art shows a shirtless Wayne standing in the road with DJ Drama looking on in the back.
Critical reception.
The mixtape currently holds a rating of 5 stars (based on over 500 ratings) on DatPiff and has generated over 200,000 downloads. The mixtape has been described as "Inspirational" and "A Classic" among Wayne fans.
Young Money: The Mixtape.
In February 2005, prior to the release of The Dedication, Wayne and his group, Young Money released a mixtape, Young Money: The Mixtape. It was a double disc tape and featured every song on The Dedication (besides "Please Say The Baby") without DJ Drama and in their original form. When DJ Drama re-released it as "The Dedication", he added his tags and cut out the other members of Young Money. He also mashed up some of the songs with different instrumentals:

</doc>
<doc id="36847568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847568" title="Rhys Cooyou">
Rhys Cooyou

Rhys Cooyou (born 22 March 1991) was an professional Australian rules football player at the Greater Western Sydney Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was recruited by the club with draft pick number 2 in the 2011 Rookie Draft. He made his debut in Round 22, 2012, against at Docklands Stadium.
He was delisted by the Giants at the end of the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36847569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847569" title="Morgan Snook">
Morgan Snook

Morgan Snook, Jr. (1735 – 1818) was born in Dorset, England. He was a merchant and fisherman at the British outpost on the island of St. Peters (now St. Pierre) and later at Fortune Bay. He served as a ship's pilot for Captain James Cook during the 1765 survey of the south coast of Newfoundland.
Biography.
The Snook family emigrated from Dorset in the 1750s to the Fortune Bay area on the south coast of Newfoundland. They settled on St. Peters island as merchants and fishermen, and here Morgan Snook, Jr. became magistrate and constable for the crown. When St. Pierre (with Miquelon) became French territory with the Treaty of Paris in 1763, he was tied up and set adrift in a small open boat by the French authorities. Thomas Graves of the (along with Captain Charles Douglas and James Cook), had just surveyed the property of all settlers on St. Pierre before it was turned over to the French. Graves' report to the Lords of Trade indicates the family owned the following property prior to 1763: Morgan Snook, Sr. - one dwelling house 36' by 16', another house 24' by 14 ', a third house 14' by 12', and a salt house; the total value was 78 pounds. Morgan Snook, Jr. owned a fish stage, a house, a fisherman's house, a lumber house, another dwelling house and a picketted garden for a total value of 241 pounds. Snook came ashore in Grand Bank and established a family. In 1765, he was a pilot aboard the during the first command of Captain James Cook, a 1763-1767 nautical survey of Newfoundland following the Seven Years' War. Snook was paid four 4 shillings a day for his work. Morgan Snook was killed in a fist fight in 1818, and his wife Ann Woolridge Barnes died in the same year. Some of their children and descendants remained in Newfoundland while others left for Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="36847602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847602" title="Juan Francisco Hernández">
Juan Francisco Hernández

Juan Francisco "Manzanon" Hernández Díaz (born 24 June 1978) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a centre– back. He currently plays for Cobresol in the Torneo Descentralizado. He is the older brother of Luis Alberto Hernández.
Club career.
Juan Francisco Hernández made his debut in Torneo Descentralizado in the 1998 season with Unión Minas.
Then in January 2000 he joined Juan Aurich.
International career.
Hernández made his debut for the Peru national team in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="36847655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847655" title="Robert Napuuako Boyd">
Robert Napuuako Boyd

Robert Napuuako Boyd (1863–1914) was a friend of Hawaiian counter-insurrectionist Robert William Wilcox, who helped to organize Ka Māmakakaua, the small force of Hawaiian patriots who attempted to restore the 1864 Hawaiian constitution, following the "Bayonet Constitution" of 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="36847699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847699" title="Ashley Field">
Ashley Field

Ashley Ann Field (born August 10, 1989) is an American women's college basketball player at Baylor University. Field was born in Burnet, Texas. She graduated from Faith Academy. In 2011–12 Baylor Lady Bears season she won the NCAA championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36847733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847733" title="College Hills Historic District">
College Hills Historic District

The College Hills Historic District is a historic district in Shorewood Hills, Wisconsin that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. It includes works by Purcell and Elmslie and others among its 114 contributing buildings.

</doc>
<doc id="36847764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847764" title="Liesbet Dreesen">
Liesbet Dreesen

Liesbet Dreesen (born 7 November 1976) is a retired Belgian freestyle swimmer. She won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 2000 European Aquatics Championships and participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics in two events, but did not reach the finals. 
Between 1996 and 2000, Dreesen won four national titles in the 50 m freestyle, and also competed in open water swimming. In 2000, she set a national records in the 50 m freestyle that stood until 2007. She retired from competitions in February 2001 to work as lifeguard.

</doc>
<doc id="36847770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847770" title="Exchange State Bank">
Exchange State Bank

The Exchange State Bank at the corner of Main and 1st Sts. in Grand Meadow, Minnesota, United States, is a Prairie School style building that was built in 1910. It was designed by architects Purcell & Elmslie. It has also been known as the First American State Bank. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975. 

</doc>
<doc id="36847774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847774" title="Michael B. Yaffe">
Michael B. Yaffe

Michael B. Yaffe is the Chief Scientific Editor (Editor in Chief) of the peer reviewed science journal "Science Signaling" published by the American Association for the Advancement of Science. 
He is currently a Professor of Biology and Biological Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He received his Ph.D. in 1987 from the Case Western Reserve University which is where he also received his M.D. in 1989. 
Research.
The main focus of Yaffe's research is decoding natural cell signaling pathway behavior using bioinformatics, combinatorial chemistry, cell biology, physical biochemistry, structural biology and molecular genetics. 
The stated goal of his team's research is to "understand how signaling pathways are integrated at the molecular and systems level to control cellular responses."
Career.
Besides his professorship at MIT, Yaffe is also attending surgeon at the Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School. He is also a founder of "Consensus Pharmaceuticals and Merrimack Pharmaceuticals". He also co-founded "The DNA Repair Company" in 2004 and serves as Chairman of Scientific Advisory Board at the company. He also serves as Member of Scientific Advisory Board of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Boston Biomedical Research Institute, Inc 
He currently has a number of highly cited articles. Two of Yaffe's papers have over 850 citations, and several others have over 400 citations.

</doc>
<doc id="36847776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847776" title="BRP Dionisio Ojeda (PG-117)">
BRP Dionisio Ojeda (PG-117)

BRP "Dionisio Ojeda" (PG-117) is a "Tomas Batillo" class fast attack craft of the Philippine Navy. It is part of the second batch transferred by the South Korean government in 2006. It was formally commissioned with the Philippine Navy in 2007.
From 6 September 2009, the ship took part in rescue and search & rescue operations for survivors from the sinking of SuperFerry 9 off the coast of Zamboanga del Norte. 
The ship took part in the Exercise SEACAT 2011 between Philippine and US navies as part of Naval Task Force 61 between 14 and 24 of June 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="36847783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847783" title="Tocumwal houses">
Tocumwal houses

Tocumwal houses refers to a type of house in Canberra, the capital city of Australia. The houses, originally sited in the southern New South Wales town of Tocumwal were relocated to Canberra in the 1940s to address a housing shortage. The vast majority of the approximately 200 houses were relocated to a small precinct of the Canberra suburb of O'Connor. This area—covering 8 small cul-de-sacs,—is known as the Tocumwal Heritage Precinct.
The precinct was added to the Australian Capital Territory Heritage Register in 1998 and the ACT Heritage Register under the Heritage Act of 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36847785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847785" title="Tracy Spiridakos">
Tracy Spiridakos

Tracy Spiridakos is a Canadian actress. She starred as Charlotte "Charlie" Matheson on the NBC post-apocalyptic science fiction series "Revolution", for which she has been nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Actress on Television.
Life and career.
Spiridakos was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, to Greek-born parents, restaurant owners George and Anastasia Spiridakos. She has two brothers. The family moved to her father's hometown, Skala, Greece near Sparta, a few years after she was born, and returned to Canada in 1992. She strongly identifies with her Greek heritage and speaks fluent Greek.
Spiridakos began acting in junior high school, and studied at the Actors Training Centre of Manitoba. She graduated from Oak Park High School in Winnipeg in 2000. Spiridakos moved to Vancouver in 2007 to pursue acting, and within weeks landed her first television role, a small part on "Supernatural". She continued working in television, with walk-on roles on "Bionic Woman", "The L Word", "Hellcats", and "Psych". Spiridakos appeared in the TV movie "Goblin", and the web series "". She also had a recurring role on "Being Human" as werewolf Brynn McLean.
In 2009, she won her first starring role in the Canadian Teletoon series "Majority Rules!", playing 15-year-old Becky Richards. She made her feature film debut in 2011 with "Rise of the Planet of the Apes", and filmed the low-budget thriller, "Kill For Me", with Donal Logue and Katie Cassidy. In mid-2012, Spiridakos landed a lead role on the NBC television series "Revolution" as Charlotte "Charlie" Matheson, a survivalist in a dystopian future civilization. She auditioned for the role while attending her first pilot season in Los Angeles. Spiridakos shot the pilot in Atlanta, and filmed the first season in Wilmington, North Carolina. She was nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Actress on Television for her performance in the first season, losing out to "Fringe's" Anna Torv. Production moved to Austin, Texas for the series' second season.
As of December 2012, Spiridakos is engaged to Jon Cor, an actor from Ontario, Canada. They co-starred in the 2010 film "The Boy She Met Online". He also played her werewolf brother in "Being Human". Spiridakos guest starred on season 3 of the Showtime sitcom, "Episodes", as Dawn, a daughter of character Morning Randolph (Mircea Monroe).

</doc>
<doc id="36847790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847790" title="First National Bank (Rhinelander, Wisconsin)">
First National Bank (Rhinelander, Wisconsin)

The First National Bank at 8 W. Davenport St. in Rhinelander, Wisconsin was built in 1911. It is a Sullivanesque building designed by architects Purcell & Elmslie. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="36847813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847813" title="2012–13 Southern Miss Golden Eagles basketball team">
2012–13 Southern Miss Golden Eagles basketball team

The 2012–13 Southern Miss Golden Eagles men's basketball team represented the University of Southern Mississippi during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Golden Eagles, led by first year head coach Donnie Tyndall, played their home games at Reed Green Coliseum and were members of Conference USA. They finished the season 27–10, 12–4 in C-USA play to finish in second place. They advanced to the championship game of the Conference USA Tournament where they lost to Memphis in two overtimes. They received an invitation to the 2013 National Invitation Tournament where they Charleston Southern in the first round and Louisiana Tech in the second round before losing in the quarterfinals to BYU.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| 2013 Conference USA Tournament
!colspan=9| 2013 NIT

</doc>
<doc id="36847829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847829" title="Shigetaka Sasaki">
Shigetaka Sasaki

Shigetaka "Steve" Sasaki was a Canadian judoka and founder of the first Judo club in Canada. After establishing the Tai Iku Dojo in Vancouver in 1924, Sasaki and his students opened several branch schools in British Columbia. In 1940, however, all dojos were shut down by the government and their Japanese members forced into internment camps due to fears that Japanese-Canadians would act against Canada on behalf of Japan during the Second World War. After the War was over, the government encouaged internees to relocate, and many of Sasaski's students went on to establish their own dojos across Canada. Sasaki was inducted into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 1986 as a 'builder'.

</doc>
<doc id="36847833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847833" title="Spreewerk">
Spreewerk

Metallwarenfabrik Spreewerk GmbH was a German weapons manufacturing company. Spreewerk produced a number of important weapons and components before and during World War II including 280,880 of the Walther P.38 pistol which was the standard service pistol of the German "Heer", and the famous 8.8 cm Flak anti-aircraft gun.
History.
Spreewerk was formed in September 1935 in Spandau Germany as a subsidiary of "Deutschen Industrie-Werke A.G." (DIWAG). Spreewerk was involved in weapons production from its formation until April 1945 at the Spandau complex; and from June 1942 to April 1945 at the Grottau, Czechoslovakia factory.
Products.
WWII era weapons produced by Spreewerk include:
Markings.
The "Waffenamt" inspector at Spreewerk Grottau was assigned code WaA88. The "Waffenamt" stamp applied to Spreewerk produced P.38 pistols was an Eagle over 88 (e/88). Spreewerk produced P.38 pistols were marked with the "cyq" manufacturer's code.

</doc>
<doc id="36847848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847848" title="First National Bank of Adams">
First National Bank of Adams

The First National Bank of Adams is a historic commercial building located on Main Street in Adams, Minnesota, United States. Built in 1924, it was designed by the noted Prairie School architects Purcell & Elmslie. The interior of the building includes a mural by John W. Norton. The building also housed the village council chambers and was later operated as a municipal liquor store and known as the Adams Municipal Liquor Store. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36847885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847885" title="Davidaster rubiginosus">
Davidaster rubiginosus

Davidaster rubiginosus or the orange sea lily is a species of crinoid in the family Comasteridae. At one time it was classified as "Nemaster rubiginosa" but the World Register of Marine Species has determined that the valid name is "Davidaster rubiginosus". It is found on reefs in the tropical western Atlantic and the Caribbean Sea.
Description.
The orange sea lily is a stalkless crinoid. It has twenty to thirty five arms long radiating from the calyx, a cup-like body with a lid, the tegmen. Each arm is feather-like and has many pinnules projecting alternately from one side and the other. These have an ambulacral groove on the oral surface which is continuous with the groove on the arm. The arms are usually orange with yellow curved up tips but there is some variation in colour and they are sometimes white with black tips. The grooves are black. The arms and pinnules are composed of a series of jointed plates and there are three tube feet at each junction. The tube feet produce strands of mucus which trap plankton. Food particles are passed along the grooves by cilia to the mouth which is at the centre of the tegmen.
Distribution and habitat.
The orange sea lily is found on reefs at depths of between . Its range includes Florida, the Caribbean Sea, the Gulf of Mexico and the Bahamas southwards to the coast of Brazil. In the daytime it usually keeps its body hidden in a crevice, under coral or inside a sponge, with several of its arms extended to filter feed. In strong currents or heavy seas, it stops feeding and retracts all its arms. At night it emerges from its hiding place and may be found poised on top of a coral or sea fan with its arms extended to feed.
Reproduction.
In a study in Jamaica, it was found that, unlike many tropical crinoids, the orange sea lily has a regular annual breeding cycle involving the release into the sea of gametes in the late autumn and winter. After fertilisation the eggs hatch into barrel-shaped vitellaria larva with several rings of cilia. These do not feed and after a few days settle on the seabed and undergo metamorphosis into juvenile sea lilies.

</doc>
<doc id="36847898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847898" title="Mirage I">
Mirage I

Mirage I (formerly "Magic I", "Seminole Empress", "Crucero Express", "Jupiter", "Bolero", "Scandinavica" and built as "Bolero") was a cruiseferry built in 1973 in France for Fred. Olsen & Co.. It was one of three sister ships, along with and . In March 2012, it arrived in Aliağa, Turkey for dismantling, after being listed for sale for .

</doc>
<doc id="36847900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847900" title="Kevi Luper">
Kevi Luper

Kevi Lee Luper (born July 6, 1990) is an American women's college basketball player at Oral Roberts University. Luper was born in Tahlequah, Oklahoma. She graduated from Adair High School. She led the NCAA Division I in points and steals in season 2010–11. Luper represented United States at the 2011 Pan American Games (7th place).

</doc>
<doc id="36847949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847949" title="Summerhayes">
Summerhayes

Summerhayes is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36847952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847952" title="Ligia cajennensis">
Ligia cajennensis

Ligia cajennensis is a woodlouse in the family Ligiidae. It has a relatively narrow body with a rough, grainy texture. It's a dark yellow/rust color, with lighter antennae and legs. Its eyes are brownish black.
Distribution.
"L. cajennensis" is known from the coast of French Guyana.
Only one specimen has been found for this species, in 1847, and since then, other authors have considered it too insufficiently described to comment further on it.

</doc>
<doc id="36847960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847960" title="Janey">
Janey

Janey is a diminutive form of the feminine given name Jane.

</doc>
<doc id="36847961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847961" title="Mpanda">
Mpanda

Mpanda is a city in Katavi Region of Tanzania, East Africa. It is the administrative centre of Katavi Region, Mpanda District and is itself one of the four districts of the region.
Mpanda is a "frontier town" in the far west of Tanzania, roughly 500 km north of Mbeya and 380 km south-west of Tabora. It is the administrative headquarters for the Katavi Region, (created by subdivision of the Rukwa Region in 2012), and for the Mpanda District. It is an important centre in the rural economy, especially for the marketing and transshipment of rice and maize. The Katavi region is increasingly of interest to mineral prospectors, especially for gold. It is also a staging point for visiting the beautiful Katavi National Park, with its headquarters just 35 km to the south at Sitalike. The Park has a good cross-section of East African wildlife but is perhaps best known for its populations of hippopotamus.
As yet all roads into Mpanda (from Sumbawanga, Tabora or Kigoma) remain unsealed and may for brief periods become impassable at the height of the wet season (particularly February–March). The Tanzanian government has in progress a project to seal a large part of the road north from Sumbawanga. Sumry operate two daily bus services to Sumbawanga (240 km 5hours), one of those going on to Mbeya. Several bus lines operate to Tabora (380 km, 9 hours). Local services include minibuses to Sitalike, and daily bus services to Usevya and to the fishing villages of Karema and Ikola on Lake Tanganyika. Mpanda is the endpoint of a rail line with passenger services from Tabora (approx 12-15hours). In 2012 the government completed an upgrade of Mpanda airport to a 2 km sealed runway and a commercial air service has commenced.
Mpanda was made the centre of a new Catholic Diocese in October 2000 and boasts a very fine cathedral with magnificent pictorial windows. The town is also the centre for the Anglican Diocese of Lake Rukwa created in June 2010. There is a fine Moravian church and other Christian services are provided by Lutheran, African Inland Church and Tanzania Assemblies of God. Moslem people are well served by several mosques spread through the urban area.
Transport.
Airport.
The city can be reached by flights operated by Auric Air

</doc>
<doc id="36847973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36847973" title="First State Bank of Le Roy">
First State Bank of Le Roy

The First State Bank of Le Roy at Main St. and Broadway in Le Roy, Minnesota, United States, was built in 1914. It was designed by architects Purcell & Elmslie. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36848020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848020" title="Dr. J. W. S. Gallagher House">
Dr. J. W. S. Gallagher House

The Dr. J. W. S. Gallagher House is a historic Prairie School house located on Broadway Street in Winona, Minnesota, United States. Built in 1913, it was designed by the noted Prairie School architects Purcell & Elmslie. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="36848034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848034" title="Vladimir Makhlai">
Vladimir Makhlai

Vladimir N. Makhlai (born on June 9, 1937, in Gubakha, Perm Region, Russia) is a Russian engineer, economist and a major entrepreneur. He is the core shareholder in a major Russian ammonia producer Togliattiazot (the world’s largest), and managed the company in its various incarnations since 1985, as President and CEO for the final 15 years before retiring in May 2011 and stepping down to be replaced by his son, Sergei Makhlai.
Biography.
He started his career in 1953 as a turner’s apprentice in his native town Gubakha, moving up to assistant machinist at Gubakhin Chemical Plant in 1961.
He studied for an undergraduate degree in Chemistry and Technology at Perm Polytechnic Institute from 1961 to 1965.
He moved up through the ranks at Gubakhin Chemical Plant between 1966 and 1973, working, in succession, as a machinist, foreman, mechanic, deputy head of production facility, head of compression facility, head of air separation facility. Makhlai became Deputy Director for capital asset construction in 1973.
He became Chief Executive of Gubakhin Chemical Plant in 1974.
He was appointed Director General of Togliattiazot in April 1985.
He has been living permanently in London, UK, since 2006. He is married, with two sons.
The President’s position was abolished at Togliattiazot in May 2011.
Family.
Vladimir's son, Sergei Makhlai, has been elected Chairman of TogliattiAzot in 2011.
Education and Research.
Vladimir Makhlai graduated from Perm Polytechnic Institute in 1965.
He graduated from Production Organizers’ Department at Urals Polytechnic Institute in 1975.
He authored 35 inventions and research articles in his industry, as well as one monograph.
Full Member of the Academy of Quality Control, Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Natural Science, Confirmed Member of the International Academy of Business, Doctor Honoris Causa at the Key Industrial Technology Processes and Methods Association.
Awards.
Makhlai is the recipient of Soviet and Russian awards and honors for his dedication to his work and his industry, as well as for excellence.

</doc>
<doc id="36848036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848036" title="Sofie Goffin">
Sofie Goffin

Sofie Goffin (born 21 November 1979) is a retired Belgian freestyle swimmer. She won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 2000 European Aquatics Championships and participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics in three events, but did not reach the finals. 
Goffin started her international career with the 1998 FINA World Championships in Australia. In 2000 she won a European bronze medal, and in 2001 set a national record in the 400 m freestyle. She retired in 2004 after failing to qualify for the European Championships.
Goffin has a diploma in communications and worked as a language teacher. After retirement she became involved in politics, and in March 2012 was elected as councillor to the city hall of Schoten, representing the CD&V party. She has a daughter, born in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36848040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848040" title="Jump River Town Hall">
Jump River Town Hall

The Jump River Town Hall, also known as McKinley Town Hall, is a historic Prairie School building located in Jump River, Wisconsin. Built in 1915, it was designed by the noted Prairie School architects Purcell & Elmslie. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974. William Gray Purcell wrote about his design of the building as follows: " I used the horizontal interlocking system of broad boards and fillets and gave the building something of the feeling of the old log lumber camp buildings. Whether the Jump River populace enjoyed having their town hall look like a wanigan instead of a little cracker box, I do not know, but it looked comfortable and practical."

</doc>
<doc id="36848050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848050" title="Davidaster discoideus">
Davidaster discoideus

Davidaster discoideus or the beaded crinoid is a species of feather star in the family Comasteridae. It was previously known as "Nemaster discoidea" but the World Register of Marine Species has determined that the valid name is "Davidaster discoideus". It is found on reefs in the Caribbean Sea and northern coast of South America.
Description.
The beaded crinoid has a cup shaped body, usually hidden from sight, from which about twenty arms project. Only a few of these are usually visible at one time and each can be curled up in a coil. Short pinnules extend from either side of the arms like vanes on a feather. Both the arms and the pinnules are formed from a large number of jointed plates which gives them great overall flexibility. There is an ambulacral groove along the oral surface of each pinnule which is continuous with grooves on the arms. These are linked to grooves leading to the mouth forming feeding channels. The grooves have flap-like lappets overhanging them. At each plate junction on the pinnules there are three tube feet of different length used in food capture and manipulation. The arms can be long and are the only part of the crinoid normally visible as its body is generally concealed in a crevice or inside a sponge. At the base of the crinoid are several cirri, unbranched appendages with which it grips the rock or other substrate. The arms are orange or red and the pinnules are grey or banded in black and white and have a beaded appearance.
Distribution and habitat.
The beaded crinoid is found in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico. It is found at depths between and is generally uncommon. These crinoids often live in the same concealed spot for several years and should not be moved by divers as they are very sensitive to changes in water temperature and illumination.
Biology.
The beaded crinoid extends its arms and pinnules in slow flowing water. The longest tube feet on the pinnules trap planktonic particles and push them into the ambulacral groove. They are prevented from leaving this by the remaining tube feet and the lappets. Cilia lining the groove form particles into boluses and move these along to the mouth. The beaded crinoid can sometimes be seen "walking" across the seabed on its arms.

</doc>
<doc id="36848073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848073" title="Kasson Municipal Building">
Kasson Municipal Building

The Kasson Municipal Building, also known as Old City Hall, is a historic building located on Main Street in Kasson, Minnesota, United States. Built in 1917, it was designed by Purcell & Elmslie in the Prairie School style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In 2005, a printing and copying business began operating in the building.

</doc>
<doc id="36848083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848083" title="Kamen Rider Wizard (character)">
Kamen Rider Wizard (character)

Haruto Soma.
Motivated to give hope and save people from despair, Haruto took residence in Omokagedō to be provided with more Wizard Rings and, during the events of "", christens himself a Kamen Rider when inspired by Kamen Rider Fourze's definition of the title. Often misunderstood by others, Haruto now finds his mundane life boring now that he must fight the Phantoms while giving people hope. However, he finds solace in his love of doughnuts. In time, Haruto gained two more allies: a rookie detective named Rinko Daimon and a young man named Shunpei Nara. When Haruto first meets the Phantom Phoenix, sensing his inner Phantom, he obtains a new ring that allows him to use his inner Phantom's power. Though Wizardragon warned him of the dangers of manifesting his power in the physical world, Haruto's retort muses the Phantom as he gives his human self the power to defeat Phoenix. Eventually gaining another ally in Kosuke Nito, Kamen Rider Beast, Haruto gains the means to use Wizardragon's power in all four Styles prior to obtaining the Drago Timer to fully utilize Wizardragon's full power and defeat Phoenix. Haruto also encounters Mayu Inamori, the twin sister of the woman whom the Phantom Medusa was born from, who the White Wizard took under his wing to learn magic after restraining her inner Phantom.
Later, when the Phantom Legion attacks his Underworld and destroys Wizardragon from the inside, Haruto is rendered a normal human until watching Koyomi almost get killed caused him to regain his magic while using resulting the Infinity Ring that was created to destroy Legion and save Koyomi's life. Soon after, learning that Gremlin is actually Sora Takigawa in mind, Haruto is told of the Phantoms' leader Wiseman and the Philosopher's Stone while becoming troubled when told by the Phantom that Koyomi being able to survive spawning a Phantom is very unlikely.
Soon after an attempt to confront the stronger Wiseman that Haruto encounters Kazuya and reconciles with him prior to encountering Fueki, the White Wizard. With Mayu's return as Kamen Rider Mage, Haruto soon begins to question Fueki's agenda when later abducts Yuzuru Iijima, Kazaki, and Koyomi. Though Haruto feels he still could trust him when he learns he is Koyomi's father, giving his Infinity Ring to Mayu to exchange for her Holy Ring, Haruto is devastated to learn that Fueki is also Wiseman when he kills Medusa and claims Yamamoto. Confronting Fueki while learning that Koyomi is only a vessel of the original animated by the Philosopher's Stone, defeated by a mind-controlled Yamamoto, Haruto learns that he has been using the Phantoms to get three additional wizards to begin a new Sabbath that would fully revive Koyomi as Fueki attempted to do with the last one.
Though he accepted it at first if it meant saving Koyomi, Haruto is horrified to learn that Fueki intends to sacrifice everyone in Tokyo to ensure he succeeds. Luckily, Nito releases Beast Chimera to negate the Sabbath and Haruto confronts Fueki before he escapes. Finding Koyomi as she returns his Infinity Ring to him, Haruto is stopped from reviving her at her request so she can rest in peace and is instead made to promise to take the Philosopher's Stone far away so no one else would suffer.
However, while fighting Fueki, Haruto ends up watching Koyomi being killed by Sora as he claims the stone for himself. Shutting himself at Omokagedō as Sora proceeds to rampage the city, Haruto regains his composure and confronts the Phantom. Telling Sora they are not the same as he looks towards the future instead of the past, Haruto manages to get the Philosopher's Stone as it transforms into the Hope Ring that he uses to defeat the Phantom. Some time later, Haruto leaves Tokyo to honor his promise to Koyomi by hiding the Hope Ring in a place no one would ever find it.
Kamen Rider Wizard.
By wearing one of the Transformation Wizard Rings and swinging his left hand in front of the Grimoire Stone kept within the Hand Author on the Wizardriver belt, Haruto can transform into the mystically-powered Kamen Rider Wizard, who is also referred to as the . Depending on the Transformation Ring used, Kamen Rider Wizard can transform into a different . After Haruto transforms into Kamen Rider Wizard, he says and when Wizard executes one of his finishers, he says . His finishing attack is a Rider Kick called the , a corkscrew side kick enhanced by the power of the element presently wielded. Kamen Rider Wizard can also access Wizardragon's power to enhance his Styles into forms. Unlike his other Style Changes, Haruto gains access to these forms after he confronts his inner self, Wizardragon, in his own Underworld. Wizardragon told Haruto that using a Dragon form will hasten his fall into despair. In Dragon forms, Strike Wizard become more powerful to perform the .
Equipment.
Wizardriver.
The is the mystical device that enables Haruto to unlock the powers of the Wizard Rings, allowing him to transform into Kamen Rider Wizard or perform various magical abilities. By wearing a Transformation Ring on the left hand and swinging it across the held within the , Haruto transforms into Kamen Rider Wizard. By using one of the to switch the position of the Hand Author, Kamen Rider Wizard can use a Magic Ring worn on his right hand to initiate one of his many magical spells. The announces whenever magical power is invoked. When a ring that is used for finishers are scanned the Spell Enchanter says when it is scanned and instead of "Please!" after the name of the ring is announced. When not transformed, the Wizardriver appears as an ordinary belt with a hand-shaped buckle, though it retains the ability to utilize any Magic Ring.
Wizard Rings.
The many magical powers of Kamen Rider Wizard are accessed through the use of , set in rings created by curio shop owner Shigeru Wajima. , worn on the left hand, allow Haruto to transform or change forms (announced by the Wizardriver with the phrase ), or can power a Slash/Shooting Strike with the Wizarswordgun (with the phrase ). , worn on the right hand, are announced by the Wizardriver with the phrase . Though Magic Rings are normally used by Haruto, it has been demonstrated that the effects will apply to whomever is wearing the ring when it is placed over the Wizardriver (as demonstrated with the Engage, Sleep, and Smell Rings). Kamen Rider Wizard (and by extension, Haruto himself) has a limited amount of magical power with which to cast spells and sustain transformation. The Spell Enchanter will announce should Haruto not have enough magical power to use a ring, or is otherwise unable to use a ring for some other reason. Should Haruto's magical power supply be severely depleted, Kamen Rider Wizard's transformation will only last for a couple more moments before it is forcefully canceled, at which Haruto will be exhausted physically. Haruto's magical power can be replenished by sleeping and/or eating.
The following Wizard Rings belong to and are used by Kamen Rider Beast to summon his mantles. However, when used by Haruto with the Wizardriver, they possess their own unique effects. When scanned, the Beast Wizard Rings announce instead of their actual names.
Wizarswordgun.
The is Kamen Rider Wizard's personal weapon. Capable of transforming between a and a and possessing its own Hand Author, its true strength lies in having its powers combined with one of Kamen Rider Wizard's elemental Styles for either a with the Sword Mode or a with the Gun Mode. The Wizarswordgun fires silver bullets while in Gun Mode, and Kamen Rider Wizard is skilled enough in its use to curve these bullets, hitting targets without harming hostages. After activating either a Slash Strike or a Shooting Strike, the Wizarswordgun will begin rhythmically chant an incantation, depending on which Style Kamen Rider Wizard is currently in. Magic Rings can also be used with the weapon's Hand Author.
Drago Timer.
The is a special timer-like gauntlet device created from Haruto's magical energy when the White Wizard begins a ritual for Haruto to use Wizardragon's full power. Worn on the right hand, Kamen Rider Wizard Flame Dragon is able to create three clones of himself in his three other Dragon forms by pressing down the on the Drago Timer as it passes each (red for Flame, blue for Water, green for Hurricane, and yellow for Land) in the . When the Drago Timer is used, it announces , and when starting the timer. After completing one full cycle, it will announce and when the Thumbs Encounter is pressed again, it will activate the finishers for each Kamen Rider Wizard Dragon form. On the end of the Drago Timer is the Wizard Ring-like which is the crystallized form of Haruto's magic power and the four elements, which allows Kamen Rider Wizard to become All Dragon by scanning it on the Wizardriver.
Winger.
The is Haruto's personal Honda CRF250R offroad bike. He has tuned it up to be used in any situation, and even has power armor for when he fights as Kamen Rider Wizard.
Wizardragon.
, simply called , is Haruto's inner Phantom and the source of Haruto's magical power. This dragon Phantom is usually summoned to battle other Phantoms in the Underworld. Initially, Wizardragon was rather hostile towards Haruto and only cooperated when mounted with the Machine Winger. Eventually, Wizardragon came to respect Haruto and his resolve when they comforted each other in Haruto's Underworld. From that point on, the Wizardragon allowed Haruto the entirety of his power in the form of Kamen Rider Wizard's Dragon Styles and the two continued their alliance, until Wizardragon was stroke down protecting Haruto's Underworld from the Phantom, Legion. But when Haruto created the Infinity Ring, Wizardragon was resurrected with the new ability to become the Axcalibur. Interestingly, when the Wizardriver scans the Dragorise Ring, it chants "Here I come, to become your master!".
With the Machine Winger mounted, the Wizardragon gains a large-winged formation called . While in this form, Wizardragon can transform into a giant mechanical dragon's leg called the for Wizard to wear and use for the Rider Kick, which resembles the "Strike Wizard" Rider Kick, but with a giant Kamen Rider Wizard illusion generated from the dragon's flames.
Axcalibur.
The is the transformed state of Wizardragon which acts as Kamen Rider Wizard Infinity Style's axe/sword weapon of choice. By holding Axcalibur with both hands, it will read the Infinity Ring and will announce which will allow it to interchange between and . By tapping the Palm Author on Axcalibur, it will announce then will chant and will activate the finisher. The Shining Strike for Ax Mode is the , where Axcalibur grows larger and Kamen Rider Wizard jumps up in the air then strikes the enemy with it with a crystal like projection of Dragon channeled on the blade. By tapping the Palm Author at least five times in sequence, Haruto can perform the . The finisher from the Plasma Shining Strike is called , by throwing the Axcalibur to spin around the enemy like a boomerang as it strikes it back and forth.
Plamonsters.
The are created from plastic models that are given tentative life through the use of the Wizard Rings, normally used to find Phantoms and distract them. Once the magic wears off, a Plamonster fades into nothingness, leaving only their respective Magic Ring behind. The Plamonsters can sometimes reconfigure themselves into a stronger combination.

</doc>
<doc id="36848101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848101" title="Lalchand Hirachand">
Lalchand Hirachand

Lalchand Hirachand Doshi (1904–1993) was a scion of Walchand group, noted industrialist, philanthropist and Jain social leader.
He was the youngest son of Hirachand Doshi from his second marriage and was step-brother of Walchand Hirachand, who was born from first marriage of his father. He was born in Sholapur in Maharashtra.
He also served as President of All India Digamber Jain Tirthakshetra Committee from 1972 to 1983, and was connected to a number of charitable institutions. He is also the author an acclaimed book on Ramayana named as "The Indian epic – Ramayana".
He was elected as an independent candidate as Member of the Bombay Legislative Council, in 1939. After independence, he also became a Member of the Rajya Sabha from 1952 to 1958.
He is survived by sons and one of the flagship company, Walchandnagar Industries is now run his sons Vinod Doshi, Chakor L. Doshi and others, where as other companies went to sons of Gulabchand Hirachand, after family division of businesses, as the founder of the group Walchand Hirachand died without any male heirs.
He was trustee of various schools, collages and hospitals run by Walchand group.
He was awarded with Padmashree award by Government of India in 1992 for his contributions to trade and industry.
He died in October, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="36848106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848106" title="Mrs. Richard Polson House">
Mrs. Richard Polson House

The Mrs. Richard Polson House located on Route 2 near Spooner, Wisconsin, United States, was built in 1917. It was designed by Prairie School architects Purcell & Elmslie in Beaux Arts style. It was built as a wedding gift from Mrs. Richard Polson for her son D. B. Brockett. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="36848127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848127" title="Blackfoot Dam">
Blackfoot Dam

Blackfoot Dam (National ID # ID00204) is a dam in Caribou County, Idaho, in the eastern part of the state.
The earthen dam was completed in 1911 by the United States Bureau of Indian Affairs, with a height of 55 feet and 304 feet long at its crest. It impounds the Blackfoot River of Idaho for flood control and irrigation water storage primarily for the Fort Hall Indian Reservation. The dam is owned and operated by the Bureau. Its construction came eight years before the 1919 formation of Caribou County.
The reservoir it creates, Blackfoot Reservoir, has a water surface of 18,000 acres, and a maximum capacity of 413,000 acre-feet. Blackfoot Dam impounds the river at the northwestern end of the reservoir; the China Hat Dam towards the southwest of the reservoir was constructed in 1923 to resolve seepage problems. Recreation includes fishing for rainbow and cutthroat trout.

</doc>
<doc id="36848164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848164" title="Joseph Danger">
Joseph Danger

Joseph Danger is a Loa reflecting either Papa Legba, or Papa Loko. Either one, he would be their Petro form. There is also a strong possibility that he is Loa from Louisiana Voodoo.
Papa Loko is a Rada Loa syncretised with Catholic Saint Joseph and is strict with tradition and justice, making Joseph Danger his aggressive Petro form. Some have identified Joseph as a Petro form of Papa Legba, who is more over known as Kalfu/Mait' Carrefour.
It is more likely Joseph Danger is Papa Loko's Petro Loa form, hence his name being Joseph in relation to St. Joseph.

</doc>
<doc id="36848165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848165" title="Binary matroid">
Binary matroid

In matroid theory, a binary matroid is a matroid that can be represented over the finite field GF(2). That is, up to isomorphism, they are the matroids whose elements are the columns of a (0,1)-matrix and whose sets of elements are independent if and only if the corresponding columns are linearly independent in GF(2).
Alternative characterizations.
A matroid formula_1 is binary if and only if
Related matroids.
Every regular matroid, and every graphic matroid, is binary. A binary matroid is regular if and only if it does not contain the Fano plane (a seven-element non-regular binary matroid) or its dual as a minor. A binary matroid is graphic if and only if its minors do not include the dual of the graphic matroid of formula_20 nor of formula_21. If every circuit of a binary matroid has odd cardinality, then its circuits must all be disjoint from each other; in this case, it may be represented as the graphic matroid of a cactus graph.
Additional properties.
If formula_1 is a binary matroid, then so is its dual, and so is every minor of formula_1. Additionally, the direct sum of binary matroids is binary.
Any algorithm that tests whether a given matroid is binary, given access to the matroid via an independence oracle, must perform an exponential number of oracle queries, and therefore cannot take polynomial time.

</doc>
<doc id="36848191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848191" title="Tine Bossuyt">
Tine Bossuyt

Tine Bossuyt (born 10 June 1980) is a retired Belgian swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 2000 European Aquatics Championships. She also competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics in the 100 m and 4×100 m freestyle events, but did not reach the finals. 
After winning 33 national titles and setting 43 national records, Bossuyt retired from competitive swimming in May 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36848202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848202" title="Louisiana State Route 20">
Louisiana State Route 20

Louisiana State Route 20 (LA 20) was one of the 98 original state highways that were established in 1921. It ran in a south to north direction for , spanning from Alexandria north to Shreveport.
Route description.
Beginning at Shreveport through Caspiana, Westdale, Lake End, Natchitoches, down East Bank of Cane River to Dr. Pratt's Bridge over said Route, West Bank of Cane River to Natchez Lane, thence to Bermuda Bridge to Cypress, Montrose, Derry, Cloutierville, Monette Ferry Bridge, Lena, Rapides line Boyce to Alexandria. - 1924 Louisiana Legislative Route Description
A route meant to parallel LA 1 and LA 10 across the Red River, LA 20 began as a city street in Alexandria. It intersected LA 21 and LA 1 before leaving the city, following the railroad north through small towns. The first major state route intersected was LA 75, where LA 20 turned to cross the Cane River.
LA 20 followed the old river north to Natchitoches, meeting LA 6 as well as LA 1 once more. LA 20 crossed no major routes until it met LA 9, a road running between Mansfield and Coushatta. US 84 also met LA 20, joining it north from LA 9 to a newer alignment, with LA 20 never meeting another major route until downtown Shreveport.
Downtown Shreveport was where LA 20 met US 71, US 79, US 80, LA 4, LA 8, and LA 55 all at the same intersection.

</doc>
<doc id="36848223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848223" title="The Phoenix (Flipsyde EP)">
The Phoenix (Flipsyde EP)

The Phoenix is the first EP by Flipsyde.
It was released on July 26, 2011. It was released with six tracks in all, and ran for a total time of 25 minutes and 58 seconds.
Singles.
There were two singles released from this EP:

</doc>
<doc id="36848226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848226" title="List of journalists killed during the Somali civil war">
List of journalists killed during the Somali civil war

This is a list of journalists killed during the Somali civil war.
Overview.
According to the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), an estimated 49 radio, print and television reporters operating within Somalia died in the period from the start of the civil war in 1992 to 2013. The CPJ estimated that the majority were locally-based (73%), male (96%), broadcast journalists (45%), worked on the radio (65%), and were non-freelance (82%). Most were assassinated (65%), while covering primarily war (49%) and political stories (55%). A number also received threats prior to their deaths (22%). The sources of fire were largely political action groups (50%), mainly Al-Shabaab; the assailants' affiliations were unknown in only 22% of the cases. As a consequence, the country was described by Al-Jazeera as the most dangerous place in Africa for working journalists.
Early in the conflict, European journalists like Jean-Claude Jumel of France, Dan Eldon of the United Kingdom and Hansi Krauss of Germany were among those slain. The deadliest year for foreign correspondents in general was in 1993, according to the CPJ. The last foreign journalist to be killed in Somalia was Noramfaizul Mohd Nor of Malaysia, a cameraman with Bermana TV covering a relief operation.
Prior to the capital Mogadishu's pacification by the Somali National Army in mid-2011, the independent Radio Shabelle and HornAfrik Media Inc, among other Somali media outlets, were frequently targeted by Islamic militants. Among the casualties during this most volatile 2007-2011 period was Ali Iman Sharmarke, one of the founders of HornAfrik, who was killed in his role as director on 11 August 2007.
Since their ouster, the insurgents have resorted to issuing death threats and targeted assassinations in order to discourage reporting on their activities. Due to frustration at the increasing number of expatriate journalists returning to the capital after the relative improvement in security, the militants in 2012 intensified their anti-media campaign, killing a record 18 reporters during the year.
Jamal Osman, a journalist working for "The Guardian" (UK) and Channel 4, suggested in an October 2012 editorial that one of the factors behind the spate of killings of media workers in Somalia was graft amongst reporters. This was in sharp contrast to the widely held belief and CPJ data suggesting that the assassinations and death threats bore the hallmarks of the Islamist extremists. In a formal press statement, the National Union of Somali Journalists (NUSOJ) characterized Osman's editorial as "defamatory and libelous", and suggested that it represented a conscious effort to cast aspersions on the Somali media and was "an attempt to divert the public attention by aiding the real criminals, which could contribute the killing of Somali journalists to continue." The organization further indicated that "more than half of the cases took place in Mogadishu and all have been targeted in line with their profession and the majority of them have been claimed by the Shabab."
Despite the attempted intimidation, news outlets have continued to proliferate, with the number of radio and television stations in Mogadishu rising from 11 to 30 in less than five months. Journalists have also persisted in covering the war beat.
In early February 2013, the government launched an Independent Task Force on Human Rights tasked with investigating allegations of journalist intimidation and violence. Featuring a media representative, the 13-member committee is scheduled to publish a report on its findings and recommended courses of action at the end of its three-month mandate. The Task Force will eventually give way to a permanent parliamentary Human Rights Commission, which will have the capacity to investigate allegations over a longer period.

</doc>
<doc id="36848286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848286" title="Cotton Tree, Queensland">
Cotton Tree, Queensland

Cotton Tree is a suburb/neighbourhood of the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia, located in the Maroochydore urban centre between Maroochydore CBD and Alexandra Headland. It is recognised by the Sunshine Coast Region Council and has its own post office located in King Street since the 1930s. The town of Maroochydore was subdivided from the Cotton Tree reserve in 1903 by Surveyor Thomas O'Connor.
The suburb consists of a beach, a river mouth, several restaurants and cafes, lawn bowls club, RSL club, surf club, Swan's rugby club, library, child care centre, resorts, homes, units, Weir's surf shop, olympic swimming pool and numerous other shops, offices and businesses. The Maroochydore Surf Life Saving Club is right on the beach. Pincushion Island currently sits just 100m off the sand to the north of river mouth. (The river mouth moves not the Island)
Cotton Tree includes 2 caravan parks which maybe heritage listed. Also includes 2 Rugby union fields, 6 tennis courts, 3 bowling greens, 50m swimming pool and 2 waterfront parks, 1 on the river, 1 on the beach. Surf breaks include Pipes/Seabreeze, Poofters dunnies, Carpark, Pinnies, the Mouth and North Shore. (Pipes was named after the location of the old sewer effluent pipe, Poofters after a derelict toilet block) 
Although 'unbounded' as a suburb it's generally recognised as being east of Aerodrome Road and including all numbered avenues and esplanades. Sometimes known as Forgotten Tree.
Etymology.
The area takes its name from the Hibiscus tiliaceus plant which is also known as Coastal Cotton tree or Cottonwood. Plenty of these are still visible near caravan park and the old creek near Fourth Avenue.
History.
The first European 'holiday maker' to arrive was convict John Graham in 1827 who escaped from Moreton Bay and spent six years living with local aborigines belonging to the Gubbi Gubbi language group.
The whole (Maroochy Shire) area was protected by the Bunya proclamation 1842-1860. This was established after Andrew Petrie explored the area in 1838 and named the Maroochy River using the language of Brisbane aboriginals who accompanied him.
Timber getters arrived in the 1850s but the Maroochy River bar wasn't navigable so Mooloolah River bar was used instead with Cotton Tree used as a timber depot in 1856 by William Pettigrew and purchased 1864. He ran steamer ships in both rivers and to Brisbane and thus opened a post office receiving office in 1891 as the first shop in Cotton Tree. The headland at Alex was used as a bullock paddock and for his own home which was also part of his 330 acre landholding.
The Cotton Tree area was first gazetted as a wharf and water reserve (215 acres) in 1873.
By 1880 it was re-gazetted as a camping reserve and used by the Salvation Army amongst others until the 1910s when a road through what is now Maroochydore was planned to access the area. Before that it was accessible only by water. By 1927 it was a main road. By 1937 it was a bitumen road.
It has been used for camping ever since with a large part of Cotton Tree now called Cotton Tree Caravan Park. Today camping still takes place on 8.7ha of the total 90-110ha. The land size changes significantly based on the sand movement and development of river mouth.
A fatal plane crash on the main beach was recorded. Air Crash
Heritage listings.
Cotton Tree has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:

</doc>
<doc id="36848355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848355" title="Saproscincus spectabilis">
Saproscincus spectabilis

Saproscinus spectabilis known as the pale-lipped shade skink is a small lizard found in Queensland and New South Wales, Australia. The habitat is cool, shaded gullies where it feeds on small insects. It may be seen on sunny rocky outcrops within gullies. Ground cover and rocky cracks are required to avoid predation from birds such as the kookaburra and pied currawong.

</doc>
<doc id="36848395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848395" title="Macau at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Macau at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Macau competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36848398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848398" title="Yseult Gervy">
Yseult Gervy

Yseult Gervy (born 20 January 1979) is a retired Belgian swimmer who won the bronze medal in the 400 m medley at the 2000 European Aquatics Championships. She also competed in the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics in the 100 m and 200 m backstroke, 200 m and 400 m medley, and 4×200 m freestyle relay events. Her best Olympic achievement was 12th place in the relay. 
Gervy had serious health problems in the early 2001 that forced her to retire in 2002. Before the retirement she was trained by her brother at the club Cercle de Natation Bruxelles Atalante. Between 1994 and 2000 she won 20 national titles and set 17 national records.

</doc>
<doc id="36848528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848528" title="Reclaiming the Dead Sea Scrolls">
Reclaiming the Dead Sea Scrolls

Reclaiming the Dead Sea Scrolls is a book was written by Lawrence Schiffman, published in 1994 by Doubleday, as part of the Anchor Research Library. The book's aim was to explain the true meaning of the Dead Sea Scrolls for Judaism and Christianity. Previous to the publication of the book, many exaggerated and irresponsible claims about the scrolls were published. "Reclaiming the Dead Sea Scrolls" "sets before the public the real Dead Sea Scrolls."
The book also sets forth the author's theory that the Dead Sea Scrolls were gathered at Qumran by a sect which left Jerusalem in the aftermath of the Maccabean Revolt. When the Hasmonean rulers accepted the rulings of the Pharisees, these Sadducees took up residence in the Judean desert.
Contents.
I. Discovery and Disclosure: Liberating the Scrolls<br>
II. The Community at Qumran<br>
III. Closing the Canon: Biblical Texts and Interpretations<br>
IV. To Live as a Jew<br>
V. Mysticism, Messianism, and the End of Days<br>
VI. Sectarianism, Nationalism and Consensus<br>
About the author.
Lawrence H. Schiffman (b. 1948) was appointed as the Vice-Provost of Undergraduate Education at Yeshiva University and Professor of Jewish Studies in early 2011. He had been the Chair of New York University’s Skirball Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies and served as the Ethel and Irvin A. Edelman Professor in Hebrew and Judaic Studies at New York University (NYU). He is a specialist in the Dead Sea Scrolls, Judaism in Late Antiquity, the history of Jewish law, and Talmudic literature.

</doc>
<doc id="36848556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848556" title="James Pallotta">
James Pallotta

James Pallotta (born March 13, 1958), is an Italian American investor and hedge-fund manager and, since August 27, 2012, the president of the Italian association football club Roma.
In 2005, he had income of about 200 million dollars as Managing Director of Tudor Investment Corporation. Pallotta's net worth has been estimated to be more than a billion dollars. In addition to his investment in A. S. Roma and other investments, Pallotta is a minority vanity shareholder in the Boston Celtics.
AS Roma.
Pallotta, along with three other American investors (Thomas R. DiBenedetto, Michael Ruane and Richard D'Amore) submitted a bid for the acquisition of Roma; they were already interested in the team following the failure of negotiations with George Soros.
On August 27, 2012, became the president of club, succeeding Thomas R. DiBenedetto, and becoming the 23rd in the club's history.

</doc>
<doc id="36848561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848561" title="Võ Thanh Tùng">
Võ Thanh Tùng

Võ Thanh Tùng (born 26 July 1985) is a Vietnamese Paralympic swimmer. He won gold in the men's 50m freestyle S5 at the 2010 Asian Para Games in China. He is seen as a possible medal contender for his nation. He lives in Cần Thơ and had poliomyelitis as a child. 

</doc>
<doc id="36848580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848580" title="Luis Alberto Hernández">
Luis Alberto Hernández

Luis Alberto "Manzanita" Hernández Díaz (born 15 February 1981) is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a midfielder. He currently plays for Sport Huancayo in the Torneo Descentralizado. He is the younger brother of Juan Francisco Hernández.
Club career.
Luis Alberto Hernández made his league debut in the Torneo Descentralizado in the 1998 season with Alianza Lima, making 8 appearances in that season. He played for Alianza until the end of the 2002 season.
Then for the 2003 season Luis Alberto joined Coronel Bolognesi.

</doc>
<doc id="36848598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848598" title="M Muhammed Madani">
M Muhammed Madani

M Muhammed Madani () is a famous public speaker on Islam and the General Secretary of Kerala Jamaiiyyathul Ulama (KJU). He was the former principal of Jamia Nadwiyya Edavanna and Madeenathul Uloom Arabic College

</doc>
<doc id="36848607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848607" title="CPRM (disambiguation)">
CPRM (disambiguation)

CPRM may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36848610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848610" title="José Julia">
José Julia

José Cayetano Julia Cegarro (born 1 July 1979) is a retired Spanish cyclist. He rode in three Grand Tours in his career, and won stage 16 of the 2004 Vuelta a España to Cáceres, winning from a breakaway. His only other professional career win was a stage victory in the 2004 Volta a Portugal.

</doc>
<doc id="36848622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848622" title="List of Pororo the Little Penguin characters">
List of Pororo the Little Penguin characters

This is a list of characters from Pororo the Little Penguin
Main characters.
Season 1 - present.
Pororo (voiced by Lee Seon) - a little penguin that wears blue dungarees and the titular character of the cast of friends. Pororo wears big round aviator goggles and a tan-coloured aviator cap (parodying the fact that penguins are incapable of flight). He is 8 years old(9 in Season 3,10 years old since Season 4) and the leader of the group. He often gets into various types of mischief with his friends, which includes trying to fly and playing practical jokes on his friends. Pororo lives in a pine-tree house along with Crong, his dinosaur friend and roommate. He wears a blue aviator jumpsuit and a yellow aviation helmet and gloves.He has a crush on Petty. Petty admires him and tends to like him more than a 'friend' and Petty is also his 'Dancing Partner' in the Dance Festival with the dance "Freeze in your Position"(Pororo Sing-Along).He often found himself dumbfounded when Petty comes around much to the ire of Loopy.In Season 3,Loopy tells a tale about Pororo will marry Loopy,but Pororo denied and saying,"But I want to marry beautiful Princess Petty."In the end of the ending song on season two,he and Petty holds hands(cannot be seen because of Eddy's ears). His instrument is the electric guitar. 
Crong (voiced by Lee Mi-ja) - a little green dinosaur that lives with Pororo. He is discovered one day as an egg, which hatches later and is adopted by Pororo as a little brother. Crong is the youngest of the group. His age is 3 years(4 in Season 3,5 years old since Season 4). He is usually with Pororo and is constantly getting into trouble. In the first season he cannot speak; he can only say his own name, "Crong!" to communicate, but in later seasons he can say Pororo's name and a few basic words. He wears a blue aviator jumpsuit and a red bandana and gloves. His instrument is the trumpet.
Eddy (voiced by Ham Soo-jeong) - a little fennec fox who is intelligent and an inventive genius. His age is 10(11 in Season 3,12 years old since Season 4). Sometimes, he can be a show-off. His inventions include robots, trains, cars, flying devices, ships and submersibles among other things. Often, these inventions go horribly wrong which causes problems for anyone who gets caught up in his antics. Eddy is good friends with Pororo, but is also his friendly rival. Eddy lives in a hollowed-out tree stump. He wears a white shirt and blue overalls. His instrument is the xylophone.
Poby (voiced by Kim Hwan-jin) - a polar bear that lives out by a glacier. His age is 15(16 in Season 3,17 years old since Season 4). Poby is the largest of all the characters and has a very gentle nature. He enjoys fishing and photography and does most of the village chores. Poby has a big black nose and wears a white shirt and dark blue pants. His instrument is the drums.
Loopy (voiced by Hong So-yeong) - a beaver who is often the voice of reason in the show. She is very shy, sensitive, and sometimes she can be a little princessy. She is 7 years(8 in Season 3,9 years old since Season 4). Loopy lives in a hollowed out log and often invites visitors over. She enjoys cooking; she is especially fond of baking cakes and pies for her friends. Pororo and Eddy were always vying for her attention until Petty becomes introduced later. In Season 2, she wears a simple hair clip. She wears a pink dress and a flower barrette on her head in Season 3.She has a crush on Pororo and admires him the most. She always come at Pororo's house and bring him some desserts and in Season 3,her made-up tale indicates that Pororo WILL marry her but Pororo denies because he wants to marry Petty(who admires him the most and tends to like him more than a 'friend.') Her instrument is a white piano.
Season 2 - present.
Petty (voiced by Jeong Mi-sook) - a female penguin who wears a violet hood and caplet. She joins Pororo and friends in Season 2. She is the same age as Pororo's age. The guys are shown to have a crush on her, but she seems to be oblivious about it, but she admires Pororo and comes to like him more than a 'friend'. Pororo often finds himself dumbfounded when she comes around, much to the ire of Loopy, who is mildly jealous of her. Petty is shown to be a little tomboyish, is a terrible cook but excels in sports, and is afraid of spiders. Petty lives in a cabin made by her friends. She wears a purple winter dress and a winter cap.She has a crush on Pororo. Her instrument is the violin. 
Harry (voiced by Kim Seo-yeong) - a wayward hummingbird who lost his way from Summer Island and found his way into Pororo and friends' neighborhood . He is 5 years(6 in Season 3,7 years old since Season 4). Harry can be quite temperamental, and he loves to sing, but his singing is usually not well received by his friends. He lives in a tiny cabin inside of Poby's house and wears a big purple bow tie. He is warmhearted with his joyful, happy songs. He sings "Ribbit Frog" in some of the episodes. He sang the same song with Poby in "Singing Passion", a Season 3 episode.
Season 3 - present.
Alvin - Special man. That have body odor. And Coconut juice in his house. And wearing jersey everyday. 
Rody - a yellow robot built by Eddy who joins the cast of Friends in Season 3. He has catlike ears,a permanent grin and can stretch his arms and legs and lives with Eddy for a time, but given his tremendous strength and lack of social skills it becomes impractical for Rody to continue living there. As a result, Eddy later builds him his own house nearby; a large oval shaped structure made of thick sheet metal. Fiercely loyal and obedient, he is often grateful for any kind gestures the gang bestows upon him.
Tong-tong - an orange tuxedo-wearing dragon that joins the cast of friends in Season 3 (not to be confused with the character Dragon). He is probably 12 years old (13 in Season 4). He lives far away inside of a volcano located in a temperate climate. He has magic powers which are achieved by chanting his own name many times and very often his magic backfires and cause problems for Pororo and his friends. He can also magically morph to a large dragon to fly long distances, but often has difficulty landing.
Popo and Pipi - two jellyfish-like twin aliens that often hover together. Pipi is purple and Popo is blue. They live in a big flying saucer. They moved in from Planet Pipo in Season 3.
Season 4 - present.
Tu-tu (voiced by Jang Eun-sook) - a red supercar who can drive the friends around the village. Only appears in Season 4 episodes. When he gets no fuel, he stays in the sun to get more fuel. He can be playful sometimes.
The Narrator.
The Narrator is voiced by Goo Ja-hyeong (James Bondy in English). He often tells about what Pororo and his friends are doing today.
Minor characters.
Eddy's Robots : Many different types of Robots other than Eddy. In Season 3, he built a new Robot named Rody who joined the friends.
Dragon : A friendly green dragon who lives in Porong Porong Forest. He didn't appear in Season 3 in favour of a new dragon named Tongtong. He met Petty in "Petty's Secret Friend". He also appeared in 2 singalong episodes, "Mommy Pig, Baby Pig", and "Blue Land".
Steggo : A metal Stegosaurus who is often seen with Dragon. He didn't appear in Season 3.
Shark : A not so friendly Shark who swims in the waters of Porong Porong Forest. It is odd to have Sharks in the cold. He is seen chasing Pororo in the opening titles of Season 3. He is also seen in Season 2, Season 3, and one of the singalong episodes, "The Whale Song".
Aliens : Two blue aliens who live on the Moon and sometimes fly down to Earth in their Flying Saucer ship. They did not appear in Season 3 in favour of Pipi and Popo.
Whale : A friendly Whale who helps people in danger. The whale saved Pororo from danger. He did not appear in Season 2 and Season 3 (except Pororo's Sing-a-Long).
Fish : Not friendly. They hate people who swim under the water.

</doc>
<doc id="36848639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848639" title="Kerala Jamiyyathul Ulama">
Kerala Jamiyyathul Ulama

Kerala Jamiyyathul Ulama (KJU) is a muslim religious grouping in Kerala. It was the earliest of the three early Ulama (Religious Scholars) organization in Kerala, formed in the year of 1924 in a meeting held at Aluway under the leadership of K.M. Moulavi, M.C.C. Abdu Rahman Moulavi and E.K. Moulavi. 
It guides the Muslim Community in Kerala through the light of quran and sunnah shareef in accordance with ‘Salafi Manhaj’ (The path of the Salafu Salih). It tries to eradicated superstitious belief and deeds prevailed among the Muslim Community in Kerala, and alert them against Shirk and Bidaa.
References.
http://www.geocities.ws/jubailislahicenter/knm.html
http://snehasamvadam.webs.com/apps/blog/
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/tp-kerala/article3322576.ece?css
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/tp-kerala/article2700295.ece

</doc>
<doc id="36848641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848641" title="Kaspars Vecvagars">
Kaspars Vecvagars

Kaspars Vecvagars (born ) is a professional Latvian basketball player, who plays as point guard. He is under contract with BC Žalgiris.
Vecvagars has represented the Latvian national youth team in several competitions, including 2011 FIBA Under-19 World Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36848648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848648" title="J.G. Melon">
J.G. Melon

J.G. Melon is a popular American restaurant established in 1972. It is located at 1291 Third Avenue (on the northeast corner of East 74th Street), on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City. It is known for its hamburgers.
History.
J.G. Melon's building dates back to the 1920s, when a tavern was built by a local brewery to dispense its own products following Prohibition. The space was previously called Central Tavern. 
J.G. Melon was established in 1972 by original owners Jack O'Neill and George Mourges, the "J" and "G" of J.G. Melon. Mourges died in 2000. In addition to O'Neill, the current co-owner is Shaun Young, who initially served as a bartender and manager in the 1980s.
The restaurant's decor mostly consists of artwork depicting watermelons.
O'Neill and Mourges also operated a J.G. Melon restaurant in Bridgehampton, New York in the 1970s and '80s and another J.G. Melon restaurant on Amsterdam Avenue which opened in 1977 and closed in January of 1993. The west-side Melon's was larger than the east-side space and had a slightly larger menu with more entree selections. Like its east-side parent, it too had a large neighborhood following and was a favorite haunt of actors and theatre patrons from the Promenade Theatre and the Second Stage Theatre. 
A scene with Meryl Streep and Dustin Hoffman was filmed at the restaurant for the 1979 film "Kramer vs. Kramer". There's also a memorable scene in Metropolitan shot at J.G. Melon.

</doc>
<doc id="36848650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848650" title="Krek (album)">
Krek (album)

Krek is the fourth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Khold. It was released on 18 October 2005, through Tabu Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="36848664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848664" title="Jingaku Takashi">
Jingaku Takashi

Jingaku Takashi (born 24 December 1959 as Masahiro Nakayama) is a former sumo wrestler from Shibushi, Kagoshima, Japan. He made his professional debut in May 1977, and reached the top division in January 1983. His highest rank was "komusubi" and he earned two "kinboshi". He retired in September 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36848672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848672" title="Mārtiņš Laksa">
Mārtiņš Laksa

Mārtiņš Laksa (born 26 June 1990) is a professional Latvian basketball player, who plays as shooting guard. He is currently playing for the Latvian club BK Ventspils in Latvijas Basketbola līga. Laksa is 2011 Latvian champion with VEF Rīga.
Laksa started his career with ASK Rīga junior squad. In August 2009 Laska tried out for Spanish club Bilbao Basket. Starting from 2009-2010 season Laksa played for VEF Rīga, where he spent three years. After playing in Riga Laksa made a move to BK Ventspils. 
Laksa has represented the Latvian national youth team in several competitions.
Mārtiņš Laksa is son of former Latvian NT player Jānis Laksa.

</doc>
<doc id="36848699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848699" title="Johan Reekers">
Johan Reekers

Johan Reekers (born in Enschede on 28 December 1957) is a Dutch Paralympian who was born without legs . He was on the gold medal winning Dutch sitting volleyball teams of 1980 and 1984. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics the team won silver. In 2002 he began handbiking. He is expected to compete for the Netherlands at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in cycling. This will be his eighth Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36848716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848716" title="Mørke gravers kammer">
Mørke gravers kammer

Mørke gravers kammer is the third studio album by Norwegian black metal band Khold. It was released on 20 April 2004, through Candlelight Records.
Background.
"Mørke gravers kammer" was the band's first release on the Candlelight record label, after leaving Moonfog Productions.
Release.
A music video was released for the track "Død". It was directed by Marcel Lelienhof, and produced by Andreas Rønning. The video was included as enhanced content for the original CD release.
Critical reception.
AllMusic's review was generally favorable, writing, "This CD isn't groundbreaking by 2004 standards [...] Nonetheless, "Mørke gravers kammer" is an appealing example of the more musical and intricate side of Nordic death metal/black metal."
Re-issue.
"Mørke gravers kammer" was re-issued on 16 July 2012, by Peaceville Records, featuring a bonus, previously unreleased track from the band's 2000 demo.

</doc>
<doc id="36848756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848756" title="Mehmet Kara">
Mehmet Kara

Mehmet Kara (born 21 November 1983 in Werne, Germany) is a Turkish professional footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for SC Preußen Münster in the 3. Fußball-Liga.

</doc>
<doc id="36848758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848758" title="What Could Have Been Love">
What Could Have Been Love

"What Could Have Been Love" is a power ballad by American hard-rock band Aerosmith that was released on August 22, 2012. It is featured on their studio album, "Music from Another Dimension!" A video for the single was released on October 18, 2012 on Vevo.com. The song premiered live on November 8, 2012 at the Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
In November 2012, the song charted at number 7 on the Japan "Billboard" Japan Hot 100 chart.

</doc>
<doc id="36848759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848759" title="Crime Watch (TV series)">
Crime Watch (TV series)

Crime Watch is a Trinidadian television program produced by Caribbean Communications Network, and is currently one of the most popular programs in Trinidad and Tobago.
Presented by Ian Alleyne, the show's purpose is to profile and assist law enforcement in the apprehension of fugitives wanted for various crimes, including murder, rape, kidnapping, child molestation, white collar crime, organized crime, armed robbery and gang violence.
The show airs repeats weeknights.
History.
Crime Watch started on WIN TV and was later dropped in February 2011. It was then picked up by CCN TV6 and began airing 11 April, 2011. After being dropped from CCN TV6 the show began airing on CNC3 in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36848779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848779" title="Ronald Hertog">
Ronald Hertog

Ronald Hertog (born in Moordrecht, now merged into Zuidplas, on 13 January 1989) is a Dutch amputee and Paralympic javelin thrower. He was selected to be his nation's flag-bearer at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36848785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848785" title="Krišjānis">
Krišjānis

Krišjānis is a Latvian masculine given name and surname. It is the Latvian version of the name Christian and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36848790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848790" title="Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus">
Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus

Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus (ca. 137 AD – 197 AD) was a Roman statesman who served as Senator and Consul suffectus. He attempted to become Roman Emperor after the death of Pertinax in 193.
Early life.
Sulpicianus was probably born in the Cretan town of Hierapytna around the year 137. A senator, he was probably the son of Flavius Titianus, who was the equestrian Prefect of Egypt under the Roman Emperor Hadrian.
Career.
Sulpicianus’ early career is unknown, but in around 170 he was appointed suffect consul. Sometime during the 170s he was made a member of the Arval Brethren, and he was appointed the Proconsular governor of Asia in 186. He may have had some involvement in the plot to murder the emperor Commodus at the end of 192, and by early 193 he was appointed "Praefectus urbi" of Rome as a result of his marital ties to the incoming emperor Pertinax, who was married to his daughter, Flavia Titiana, as part of the emperor’s attempt to shore up his support among the senatorial aristocracy.
Attempted Emperorship.
The murder of Pertinax, 19th Emperor of the Roman Empire and his son-in-law, saw Sulpicianus trying to quell a disturbance among the Praetorian Guard. Hearing of Pertinax’s death, he was offered the imperial title and he turned to the Praetorians in Rome to gain their approval. He proceeded to offer them each soldier 20,000 sesterces, or eight years worth of wages, the same amount offered by Marcus Aurelius in 161. Unfortunately, a fellow senator, Didius Julianus appeared and began to bid for their support as well, and he made them a higher offer, which they accepted. Julianus was saluted as "imperator" by the Praetorians, and the new emperor proceeded to pardon his rival, retaining Sulpicianus as the urban prefect.
Death.
Sulpicianus survived Julianus’ death and the arrival of the new emperor Septimius Severus. However, possibly due to his having supported the rival imperial claimant Clodius Albinus, Sulpicianus was tried and executed in 197.
Family.
Sulpicianus had at least two children; a son, Titus Flavius Titianus who was suffect consul ca. 200 AD, and a daughter Flavia Titiana, who was married to the emperor Pertinax. He also had a number of estates around Praeneste.

</doc>
<doc id="36848798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848798" title="George Barrett (jockey)">
George Barrett (jockey)

Colin George Barrett (29 May 1863 – 25 February 1898), was a leading jockey in the United Kingdom in the 1880s and 1890s. He was born on 29 May 1863 in Metfield, Suffolk. He was apprentice jockey to W. H. Manser at Newmarket. His first ride came in July 1877, with him riding his first winner. During his early career he could do weights as low at 5 st 7 lb (34.9 kg). He rode six winners in his first year. His first classic win came the 1885 1000 Guineas aboard Farewell. He rode the unbeaten Ormonde to victory in the 2000 Guineas in 1886 after regular jockey Fred Archer riding Saraband. In 1892 he rode Orme and La Fleche to a number of top class victories. Barrett was never champion jockey, but was second four times, including finished four winners behind Morny Cannon in 1891. He stopped riding after 1894, when his health began to fail, and died on 25 February 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="36848802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848802" title="Kalingapatty">
Kalingapatty

Kalingapatty is a panchayat Village in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. This village is under the control of Kuruvikulam block,Sankarankoil taluk

</doc>
<doc id="36848803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848803" title="The Bob Corwin Quartet featuring the Trumpet of Don Elliott">
The Bob Corwin Quartet featuring the Trumpet of Don Elliott

The Bob Corwin Quartet featuring the Trumpet of Don Elliott is an album by American jazz pianist Bob Corwin feating trumpeter Don Elliott which was recorded in 1956 for the Riverside label. 

</doc>
<doc id="36848806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848806" title="Bankwood School">
Bankwood School

Bankwood School, Hamilton, New Zealand, is a co-ed, decile two year 1–6 school. It is situated on Bankwood Road, Chartwell and has a roll of 308 students and has approximately 25 staff.
History.
The school was founded in 1966 and then had a roll of 120 students. Then the area was farmland and over the next 20 years the school benefited from the rapidly growing area. Since then with Hamilton's housing growing northwards, Hukanui, Rototuna and more recently, Te Totara schools have kept Bankwood's roll down to 308 students.
Fairfield Cluster.
The school is involved in the Fairfield Cluster. This enables the school to attend festivals with a wide range of schools in North-East, Hamilton, all of which except St Joseph's and Southwell are contributing schools to Fairfield Intermediate.

</doc>
<doc id="36848830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848830" title="Aftermath of the Lowdown">
Aftermath of the Lowdown

Aftermath of the Lowdown is Richie Sambora's third solo album which was released on September 18, 2012 as digital download and on September 25, 2012 as physical CD (digipack format). In the United Kingdom the album was released on September 17. For the first time in his 30-year career, Sambora signed with an independent label, Dangerbird.
To promote the album, Sambora and his band appeared as the house band on "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson" for the first week in December 2012.
The album charted at #10 on the "Top Hard Rock Albums", #34 on the Top Independent Albums, #149 on The Billboard 200 and #35 on the UK Albums Chart.
The track "Every Road Leads Home to You" was released as a single for the album and features a music video. The song is also featured as one of the bonus tracks on Bon Jovi's 2013 album "What About Now".
Editions.
The worldwide version of the album features 11 tracks and the Japanese version features 12 tracks including "Backseat Driver" as bonus track. There are 6 special packages for sale on Richie's official website:

</doc>
<doc id="36848877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848877" title="Kulak, Tarsus">
Kulak, Tarsus

Kulak is a village in the Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At in Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity) and to the south of Tarsus. It is situated to the north of Mediterranean Sea coast and west of Berdan River. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Kulak was 918 as of 2011. Situated in the fertile plains, farming is the major economic activity. Cotton and green house vegetables are the main crops. But the frequent floods of Berdan River have reduced the agricultural income of the villagers. However, now State Hydraulic Works of Turkey has begun a project to control the river 

</doc>
<doc id="36848890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848890" title="Epinephelus analogus">
Epinephelus analogus

Epinephelus analogus is a grouper from the Eastern Pacific. It is the most abundant small grouper in the northern Gulf of California. It grows to a length of 114 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="36848891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848891" title="Kelley Becherer">
Kelley Becherer

Kelley Becherer (born in Sheboygan, Wisconsin on July 3, 1990) is a visually impaired Paralympic swimmer. At the 2008 Summer Paralympics she won a gold medal and two bronze medals. She also competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and won two gold medals for the United States at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36848893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848893" title="Jeremy Davidson">
Jeremy Davidson

Jeremy Davidson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36848898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848898" title="Kaspars">
Kaspars

Kaspars is a Latvian masculine given name. It is a cognate to the German name Kaspar and English name Caspar and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36848928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848928" title="Iolaus creta">
Iolaus creta

Iolaus creta, the Blotched Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (the Cross River loop), Cameroon, Gabon, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo (Tshopo and Kivu) and Uganda (western Bwamba). The habitat consists of forests.

</doc>
<doc id="36848941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848941" title="Iolaus cytaeis">
Iolaus cytaeis

Iolaus cytaeis, the Cytaeis Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria, Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="36848944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848944" title="Iolaus dubiosa">
Iolaus dubiosa

Iolaus dubiosa is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania (the Usambara Mountains) and Zambia. The habitat consists of montane forest margins at altitudes between 1,900 and 2,000 metres.
The larvae feed on "Phragmanthera usuiensis sigensis", "Erianthemum schelei", "Oedina pendens" and "Englerina inaequilatera".

</doc>
<doc id="36848950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848950" title="Iolaus farquharsoni">
Iolaus farquharsoni

Iolaus farquharsoni, Farquharson’s Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ghana, southern Nigeria, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, north-western Tanzania and north-western Zambia. The habitat consists of open forests and secondary growth.
The larvae feed on the flowers of "Loranthus incanus", "Globimetula braunii" and "Globimetula anguliflora". They are green with tiny brown or red dots and closely resemble the flowering cushions of their host plant.

</doc>
<doc id="36848955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848955" title="Iolaus flavilinea">
Iolaus flavilinea

Iolaus flavilinea is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon and Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="36848976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848976" title="Ulugöz, Silifke">
Ulugöz, Silifke

Ulugöz is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated on Turkish state highway which runs from west to east in south Turkey at . Distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is . The population of Ulugöz is 830 as of 2011. Major economic activity of the village is farming . Green house vegetables and strawberries are the main crops.

</doc>
<doc id="36848987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848987" title="Lambda Pegasi">
Lambda Pegasi

Lambda Pegasi (λ Peg, λ Pegasi) is a fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Pegasus. It has the traditional name Sadalpheretz, sometimes spelled Sadalpheris or Sad Al Faris, from the Arabic سعد الفرس meaning "Luck of the Stallion", its etymology similar to that of the star Alpheratz, with both referring to the mythological winged-horse Pegasus. 
Sadalpheretz is a yellow giant with stellar classification G8II-III. With a mass of 1.5 M☉ and radius that is 28.5 R☉, the star boasts a bolometric luminosity that is roughly 390 L☉. Its apparent magnitude was calibrated in 1983 at 3.96, yielding an intrinsic brightness of -1.45. Parallax calculations place the star at a distance of roughly 112 parsecs from Earth, or 365 ± 10 light years away, about three times the distance of its line-of-sight double Sadalbari.
In the constellation, Lambda and Mu lie to the southwest of Beta Pegasi, the nearest bright star.

</doc>
<doc id="36848995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848995" title="Jeff Fabry">
Jeff Fabry

Jeff Fabry (born April 14, 1973 in Hanford, California) is an American amputee and Paralympic archer. He won bronze medals at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and the 2008 Summer Paralympics, and a gold medal at the United States at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. 
He became disabled after he lost most of his right arm and right leg in a motorcycle accident when he was 15. He credits his wife for getting him into the sport. He is also the father of two children.

</doc>
<doc id="36848999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36848999" title="List of members of the Løgting, 2008–11">
List of members of the Løgting, 2008–11

List of members of the Faroese Løgting in the period 2008 to 2011. The election was held on 19 January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36849000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849000" title="Opus Casino">
Opus Casino

Opus Casino (formerly "Liquid Vegas", "Royal Star", "Liberty II", "Liberty I", "Royal Empress", "Punta Pedrera") is a cruiseferry built in 1985 in Valencia, Spain for Marítima de Formentera SA, to handle traffic between Ibiza and Formentera. In July 2012, the vessel was donated to The Seasteading Institute, and is currently available for bareboat charter or sale, preferably to businesses that could support experimentation with long-term ocean habitation.
History.
A 1986 incident required expensive repairs. In 1993, the vessel was sold to Helton Limited. In 1995, she was sold to Adventure Holdings Corp. (Kingstown) and commenced duty as a casino ship near Florida under the name "Royal Empress". In 2004, she was sold to Royal Star.
In fall 2009, the vessel owner at the time, Las Vegas Casino Lines, LLC, declared bankruptcy and "Liquid Vegas" was sold at auction on October 29, 2009, by the Canaveral Port Authority. The winning bid was by The Mermaid I, LLC.
The ship is currently classified through Registro Italiano Navale.

</doc>
<doc id="36849002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849002" title="Iolaus congdoni">
Iolaus congdoni

Iolaus congdoni is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Tanzania, Malawi (the Nyika Plateau) and Zambia. The habitat consists of montane forests at altitudes of about 2,000 metres.
The larvae feed on "Tapinanthus sansibarensis", "Agelanthus zizyphifolius vittatus", "Agelanthus atrocoronatus", "Agelanthus uhehensis", "Agelanthus bipartitus", "Phragmanthera rufescens", "Oedina pendens" and "Helixanthera verruculosa".

</doc>
<doc id="36849012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849012" title="Lito Álvarez">
Lito Álvarez

Elio "Lito" Álvarez (born 5 December 1947) is a former professional tennis player from Argentina.
Career.
Álvarez played collegiate tennis for the UCLA Bruins, on the same team as Jimmy Connors, in the early 1970s.
He appeared in eight Davis Cup ties for Argentina from 1970 to 1978. He played mainly in doubles rubbers but had two wins in the singles, against Carlos Kirmayr and Luis Felipe Tavares, both of Brazil. His doubles record was 4/4 and his partners included Guillermo Vilas and José Luis Clerc.
Álvarez made the second round of the singles draw at a Grand Slam tournament five times, from 14 attempts, but was unable to progress any further.
As well as being runner-up at the Dutch Open in 1977, Álvarez made six Grand Prix/WCT doubles finals, for one win, at Sao Paulo in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="36849042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849042" title="Misquotation">
Misquotation

Misquotation is incorrect attribution of the author of a quotation or inaccurate reproduction of the quotation itself. For example, in a speech George H. W. Bush said "As Abraham Lincoln said, "Here I stand — 'warts and all'." This was not said by Abraham Lincoln but is a composite of separate quotations by Martin Luther and Oliver Cromwell.
Many quotations are routinely incorrect or attributed to the wrong authors, and quotations from obscure or unknown writers are often attributed to far more famous writers. Examples of this are Winston Churchill, to whom many political quotations of uncertain origin are attributed, and Oscar Wilde, to whom anonymous humorous quotes are sometimes attributed.
Deliberate misquotation is also common, though this often goes unnoticed, usually because the misquotation is better known or because the misquotation better fits a situation. For example, the Star Trek catchphrase "Beam me up, Scotty" did not appear in that form in the original series—likewise, the famous Dirty Harry quotation "Are you feeling lucky, punk?" is actually a rewording of the original dialogue: "You've got to ask yourself one question: 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya punk?"

</doc>
<doc id="36849052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849052" title="5th Ranger Company (United States)">
5th Ranger Company (United States)

The 5th Ranger Infantry Company (Airborne) was an airborne trained light infantry unit of the United States Army during the Korean War. The 5th Rangers being trained by the 3rd Ranger Company as part of the second cycle of Ranger companies at Fort Benning, Georgia. Which also consist of the 5th, 6th, 7th and 8th Ranger Companies. During training the 5th Rangers received winter training at Fort Carson, Colorado.
The 5th Rangers were assigned to the US Army's 25th Infantry Division from April 31, 1951 to its inactivation on August 1, 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="36849067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849067" title="Presenting Ernie Henry">
Presenting Ernie Henry

Presenting Ernie Henry is the debut album by American jazz saxophonist Ernie Henry featuring tracks recorded in 1956 for the Riverside label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with Scott Yanow stating "Altoist Ernie Henry's first of three sessions as a leader, all of which were made within 16 months of his premature death, served as a strong debut... Throughout the date, Henry hints strongly at the great potential he had".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Ernie Henry except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36849074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849074" title="Fricis">
Fricis

Fricis is a Latvian masculine give name. It is derived from the name Frīdrihs ("Frederick") and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36849106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849106" title="Zaatari refugee camp">
Zaatari refugee camp

Zaatari (Arabic: مخيم الزعتري) is a refugee camp in Jordan, located 10 km east of Mafraq which is gradually evolving into a permanent settlement, a city. It was first opened on July 28, 2012 to host Syrians fleeing the violence in the ongoing Syrian civil war that erupted in 2011. On July 4, 2013, the camp population was estimated at 144,000 refugees, making it Jordan's fourth largest city.
It is connected to the road network by a short road which leads to the highway 10 OSM.
The camp features market-like structures along the main Street where goods like vegetables, basic household equipment and clothes can be purchased. Furthermore, coffee shops exist where shisha can be smoked.
Since the opening of the camp in July 2012 there have repeatedly been demonstrations held by the camp population. The main concern relates to the lack of sufficient food supplies and better accommodation. The camp has seen an increasing number of reports of crime, including prostitution and drug-dealing. Furthermore demonstrations are used as a forum to create awareness of the conflict and to express political views against the current government lead by Bashar al-Assad and the violence inflicted by the Syrian Armed Forces. Further the protestors declared support for the Free Syrian Army.
Due to the maximum capacity of 60,000 refugees a second camp was built 20 kilometres east of Zarqa in the Marjeeb Al Fahood plains. On 5 April 2014 a riot resulted in an number of injuries to both refuges and Jordanian police. One refugee was killed by gunshot.
Demographics.
Accurate counting of the number of refugees in the camp stopped during March 2013 due to the high influx of refugees that skyrocketed that month. Current estimates put the number of refugees residing in the camp at about 144,000 (July 4, 2013 estimate) increasing at an influx rate peak of approximately 1,500 - 2,000 refugees per day (during April, 2013). This number makes the camp the largest population center in Jordan's Mafraq Governorate.
Population Growth in the Camp.
Since the opening of the refugee camp in July 2012, the camp saw a dramatic increase in its population, that made it the largest population center in Mafraq Governorate within a few months:
The figures during the initial days varied slightly from day to day due to people 'escaping' or leaving the camp back to Syria, and partly due to initial over counting Movement out of the camp remains restricted leaving many to label it a prison or detainment camp and going against core humanitarian principles. 
Most of the refugees are from the Governorates of southern Syria, Damascus and Homs.
Services.
UNHCR remains responsible for the refugees and the camp is managed by the Jordanian Hashemite Charity Organization / JHCO. In March 2013 the UNHCR called the German Mr Kilian Kleinschmidt to be the "Senior Field Coordinator" of the camp. Other actors include:
Community Mobilization:
Medical:
WASH (Water/Sanitation/Hygiene) coordination and overall responsibility:
Water and Sanitation facilities:
Food:
Hygiene Promotion:
Education:
Women's and Children's Protection:
Others
Refugee Camp Mapping.
Zaatari is one of the first camp to be mapped in detailed through OpenStreetMap. More information is available on Open Street Map Wiki [http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Refugee_Camp_Mapping].

</doc>
<doc id="36849124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849124" title="Ağaçyurdu, Karaman">
Ağaçyurdu, Karaman

Ağaçyurdu is a village the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey. At it is situated to the east of Turkish state highway . Its distance to Karaman is . The population is of Ağaçyurdu is 128. as of 2011. Major economic activity of the village is agriculture. Main crops are citrus and apple. Dairying is a secondary activity.

</doc>
<doc id="36849127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849127" title="Alex Krewanty">
Alex Krewanty

Alex Krewanty is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 2000 World Cup.
He is the younger brother of former International, Arnold Krewanty.
Playing career.
Krewanty played five test matches for Papua New Guinea in 2000, including all four matches at the 2000 World Cup.
Krewanty played for the Port Moresby Vipers in the SP Cup.
Krewanty later worked as a school teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="36849134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849134" title="Oskars">
Oskars

Oskars is a Latvian masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36849142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849142" title="UNIDO Institute for Capacity Development">
UNIDO Institute for Capacity Development

The UNIDO Institute for Capacity Development was established in 2011 to respond effectively to the industrial development challenges being faced by UNIDO Member States. The overall aim of the Institute is to strengthen UNIDO's academic partnership, networking efforts, capacity-building and training activities. It provides training on key issues pertaining to sustainable industrial development. It serves as a platform for knowledge creation, knowledge sharing and as a catalyst for innovative solutions and ideas for addressing specific policy challenges for achieving more inclusive and sustainable patterns of globalization.
Areas of focus.
The Institute's functions are related to the areas of:
1) Knowledge Sharing
2) Training and Education
3) Joint Research
4) Policy Dialogue
5) Strategic Networking and Partnership
The vision of the UNIDO Institute for Capacity Development is to become a global centre of excellence for learning, joint research and capacity building, and a ‘virtual resource center’ for the community of practice in industrial development issues. Its mission is to enhance the quality of industrial policy by generating, disseminating and sharing world-class knowledge resources and building capacities for sustainable industrial development, poverty reduction and accelerated economic growth.

</doc>
<doc id="36849151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849151" title="Duvensee paddle">
Duvensee paddle

The Duvensee paddle is the preserved part of a Mesolithic spade paddle, which was found during archaeological excavations of a Mesolithic dwelling area at Duvensee near Klinkrade (Herzogtum Lauenburg) Schleswig-Holstein, Germany in 1926. After a paddle from Star Carr in England, the Duvensee paddle is the second oldest known paddle and is considered among the earliest evidence for the use of water transport in the Mesolithic. The find is in the permanent exhibition of the Archaeological Museum Hamburg in Harburg, Hamburg.
Location of find.
The former bog Duvenseer Moor was located west of the village Duvensee in a young drift landscape. The area, of from north to south and from east to west, originally was an open, shallow lake which gradually developed to a marsh. From the late 18th century, the marsh was drained by ditches to make usable for agriculture. The peat of the bog was cut for fuel. By the early 19th century only a small body of open water remained, which was eventually completely drained. In 1923 the geologist Karl Gripp discovered by chance a Mesolithic settlement site while mapping the Duvenseer Moor. In the following years, the site was archaeologically investigated. Archeologists Gustav Schwantes (1924–1927), 1946 Hermann Schwabedissen (1946) and finally Klaus Bokelmann (1966–1967) excavated the bog and documented many dwelling places. Besides numerous stone artifacts, the excavations provided only very few wooden tools, including the paddle found by Schwantes in 1926, located in a former bank zone near a residential area. The Duvensee paddle, found at , is one of the most outstanding finds from the Duvenseer Moor.
Findings.
The paddle was found broken into several pieces, but except for a few flaws was extremely well preserved. The excellent preservation status of the paddle's wood was caused by a very low level of oxygen in the lake's humid sediments that quickly covered the paddle, which subsequently kept the growth of micro organisms to a minimum. Under normal oxygen conditions, fungi, bacteria, and insects would have caused a biological degradation of the wood in short time. Only the end of the handle is missing and a corner of the paddle's leaf (blade) is broken off. The paddle has a length of , a width of and a thickness of . The leaf has a long rectangular shape with widely rounded corners, having a length of about and an asymmetric connection to the shaft. The weight of the paddle is . The paddle was carved from the stem of a pine tree, with knots smoothed to the shaft. After recovery, the paddle was treated with an unknown waxy substance for conservation. In the 1920s the paddle was typologically dated by palynological evidence to the Mesolithic period. Radiocarbon dating in the 1980s on several hazelnut shells and remaining wood from the find spot gave a more precise date of around 7390 ± 80 BC. An accelerator mass spectrometry (14 C-AMS) carried out in 2008 on two samples from the paddle yielded calibrated dates to 6527 ± 49 years BC and 6311 ± 38 years BC. Of note are the distinctly different 14C-ages of samples from urban findings.
Other finds.
Before 1925, elementary school teacher Ernst Bornhöf, from nearby Schiphorst, found two paddles which he incorporated in his school's prehistoric collection. Both paddles were transferred to the Helms-Museum in 1925. One is a large-leafed paddle of oak, with a weight of . It was 14C-dated in 2008 to 1121 ± 22 Before Present (around 829 AD ± 22 years), the period of transition from the early- to high Middle Ages. The second paddle is now lost, and only a few written records and a photo of the object exist. It was probably made from pine wood having an incised decoration on the shaft, which is not recognizable in the photo. Both paddles were recovered by Bornhöft without documenting any further detail of the archaeological context.
Interpretation.
The results of the excavation enabled a reassessment of Mesolithic cultures in Northern Germany. Schwantes coined the name Duvensee group for the cultural group that extends over Schleswig-Holstein, Mecklenburg and parts of Brandenburg. After the excavation Schwantes published the Duvensee paddle as the oldest paddle known worldwide and simultaneously as the oldest, even if only indirect, evidence for the use of boats in the Mesolithic, which was widely viewed. This view has been tempered by the discovery of an older paddle from Star Carr.
Reception.
The discovery of the Duvensee paddle aroused a huge interest in international archaeological communities, and the museum was asked for a copy of the paddle for the 1936 Summer Olympics. In the 1990s, the community of Duvensee thought about using the paddle in its new coat of arms, but after consultation with heralds, the idea was rejected. After the town won a "Most Beautiful Village In 2005" competition, a bronze replica of the paddle was cast and erected in front of the village hall.

</doc>
<doc id="36849166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849166" title="Generalized multivariate log-gamma distribution">
Generalized multivariate log-gamma distribution

In probability theory and statistics, the generalized multivariate log-gamma (G-MVLG) distribution is a multivariate distribution introduced by Demirhan and Hamurkaroglu in 2011. The G-MVLG is a flexible distribution. Skewness and kurtosis are well controlled by the parameters of the distribution. This enables one to control dispersion of the distribution. Because of this property, the distribution is effectively used as a joint prior distribution in Bayesian analysis, especially when the likelihood is not from the location-scale family of distributions such as normal distribution.
Joint probability density function.
If formula_1, the joint probability density function (pdf) of formula_2 is given as the following:
where formula_4 for formula_5 and
formula_7 is the correlation between formula_8 and formula_9, formula_10 and formula_11 denote determinant and absolute value of inner expression, respectively, and formula_12 includes parameters of the distribution.
Properties.
Joint moment generating function.
The joint moment generating function of G-MVLG distribution is as the following:
Marginal central moments.
formula_14 marginal central moment of formula_8 is as the following:
Marginal expected value and variance.
Marginal expected value formula_8 is as the following:
where formula_20 and formula_21 are values of digamma and trigamma functions at formula_22, respectively.
Related distributions.
Demirhan and Hamurkaroglu establish a relation between the G-MVLG distribution and the Gumbel distribution (type I extreme value distribution) and gives a multivariate form of the Gumbel distribution, namely the generalized multivariate Gumbel (G-MVGB) distribution. The joint probability density function of formula_23 is the following:
The Gumbel distribution has a broad range of applications in the field of risk analysis. Therefore, the G-MVGB distribution should be beneficial when it is applied to these types of problems..

</doc>
<doc id="36849206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849206" title="Habitat I">
Habitat I

The term Habitat I refers to the first United Nations Conference on Human Settlements, in Vancouver, Canada, May 31 - June 11, 1976, which was convened by the United Nations as governments began to recognize the magnitude and consequences of rapid urbanization.
On 16 December 1976 the General Assembly adopted resolution 31/109. It took note of the conference report, the Vancouver Declaration on Human Settlements, which carried an action plan with 64 recommendations for National Action. As a further outcome of the conference, in 1977 a General Assembly resolution 36/162 established the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements - UNCHS (Habitat). It designated the Commission on Human Settlements, a functional commission of the Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC), as the governing body.
Habitat II was celebrated in Istanbul, Turkey, 3–14 June 1996.
Habitat III will be celebrated in 2016.
The Vancouver Declaration.
The Vancouver Declaration starts with a preamble stating that "unacceptable human settlements circumstances are likely to be aggravated by inequitable economic growth and uncontrolled urbanization, unless positive and concrete action is taken at national and international levels". The first action is "to adopt bold, meaningful and effective human settlement policies and spatial planning strategies (...) considering human settlements as an instrument and object of development". Among the general Principles, the Conference advocated improving the quality of life through more equitable distribution of development benefits, planning and regulating land use, protecting the environment, integrating women and youth, and rehabilitating people displaced by natural and man-made catastrophes.
In the Guidelines for action, various elements of a human settlements policy are defined. Focus is placed on harmonious integration, reduction of disparities between rural and urban areas, orderly urbanization, progressive minimum standards and community participation.
The Declaration states that "adequate shelter and services are a basic human right" and that "governments should assist local authorities to participate to a greater extent in national development". The Declaration strongly emphasizes that "the use and tenure of land should be subject to public control".
The Vancouver Action Plan.
The substantive outcomes of the first Habitat Conference are a series of 64 recommendations for National Action and a 44-page "Action Plan". These recommendations are organized in six sections. Section A (Settlements policies and strategies), Section B (Settlement Planning), Section C (Shelter, infrastructure and services), Section D (Land) and Section E (Public Participation). "(See more at the UN-Habitat Feature/Backgrounder prepared by UN-Habitat in 2006").

</doc>
<doc id="36849233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849233" title="Enn">
Enn

Enn is an Estonian masculine given name and may refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="36849266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849266" title="Iolaus leonis">
Iolaus leonis

Iolaus leonis, the Sierra Leone Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea, Sierra Leone, Liberia and Ivory Coast. The habitat consists of gallery forests.

</doc>
<doc id="36849285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849285" title="2nd Super Robot Wars">
2nd Super Robot Wars

A remake of the 2nd Super Robot Wars was port to Game Boy on June 30, 1995 under . However, it was not part of the "Classic" canon to the timeline. "2nd Super Robot Wars" was port to Sony PlayStation on June 10, 1999 as the part of "Super Robot Wars Complete Box".
Story.
You must stop Bian Zoldark and the Divine Crusaders all while fighting the familiar foes from various robot anime that make up DC's ranks like Char Aznable from Mobile Suit Gundam and Baron Ashura from Mazinger Z.
Reception.
On release, "Famicom Tsūshin" scored the Game Boy version of the game (entitled "2nd Super Robot Wars G") a 28 out of 40.

</doc>
<doc id="36849294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849294" title="Mathieu Arzeno">
Mathieu Arzeno

Mathieu Arzeno (born 18 August 1987 in Salon-de-Provence) is a French rally driver and former racing driver. He scored his first World Rally Championship point on 2012 Rallye Deutschland finishing tenth overall in a Peugeot 207 S2000.
Career.
Circuit racing.
Arzeno started off in karting, before stepping up to single-seaters 2005 when he finished second in Formula Renault Campus behind champion Jean-Karl Vernay. The following year he raced in French Formula Renault, finishing seventh overall before improving to the runner-up spot in 2007 behind Jules Bianchi. In 2008 he came tenth in the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0, but skipped two of the seven meetings due to a lack of budget.
Rallying.
In 2009 Arzeno switched to rallying and promptly finished 12th overall and third in class on the iconic Monte Carlo Rally. In 2010 he contested the Junior World Rally Championship before focussing on the French tarmac championship in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36849295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849295" title="Constantia (gastropod)">
Constantia (gastropod)

Constantia is a genus of extremely small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Vanikoridae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Constantia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36849301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849301" title="Munavvar Lakhnavi">
Munavvar Lakhnavi

Munavvar Lakhnavi (Urdu: منوّر لکھنوی ) was a Urdu poet who gained repute as a poet and also as a translator.
Biography.
Munavvar Lakhnavi (1897-1970) was the takhallus of Bisheshwar Prasad who was born in Lucknow in 1897 in a family of Urdu, Sanskrit and Persian litterateurs. His father, Dwarkaprasad Ufuq (1864-1913) was a prolific writer of prose and poetry. He was educated in Lucknow and joined Railway Accounts office in 1913 at Lucknow. He was transferred to Lahore in 1927 and then to Delhi where he retired from service in 1957. After retirement, he decided to stay in Delhi where he purchased a house and founded a publishing house – Adarsh Kitab Ghar. He died in Delhi in the year 1970 aged 73 years.
Literary life.
Munavvar Lakhnavi was a Urdu Poet, and a translator, belonging to the old school. He wrote ghazals and nazmss. He gained renown as a translator with the publication in 1936 of a translation of Bhagvad Gita in Urdu verse titled- "Naseem e Irfaan". In 1952 his translation of Kalidasa’s Kumarasambhava and in 1956 his translation of "Durga Saptshati" i.e. Devi Mahatmya , both in Urdu verse, were published. He had also translated important aayats of Quran, select Persian sh’ers of Hafez Sherazi, and Gitanjali of Rabindra Nath Tagore. His translation of the teachings of Gautam Buddha in Urdu verse titled "Dhampad ya sachi raah" published by the Anjuman e Tarraqi (Hind), Aligarh in 1954 is considered a masterpiece. Earlier his two collections of rubais and nazms, Nazre Adab published in 1929 and Kainat e dil that was published in 1939 had already established him as a poet of note so much so that a selection of his poems was prominently included in the book titled "Teen Shair" published by Likhaani Book Depot, Amritsar, and in the April 1952 issue of Urdu Monthly "Seemab", Delhi.
An appraisal of his life and literary works titled "Munavvar Lakhnavi – ek mutala’ah" by Shabab Lalit was published in 1996 by Modern Publishing House, New Delhi. Yet another appraisal titled "Munavvar Lakhnavi – Shakhsiyat aur Shairi" by Raj Narain Raaz was published by Nusrat Publishers, Lucknow.
Bibliography.
Urdu Poetry:
This is a stub.

</doc>
<doc id="36849319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849319" title="2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification">
2015 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification

The qualification for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup will determine which 23 teams will join Canada, the hosts of the 2015 tournament, to play for the Women's World Cup.
The field was expanded from 16 teams in the 2011 edition to 24. As a result, a new distribution of slots to each confederation was announced by FIFA on 11 June 2012:
A record of 134 FIFA member nations (not counting Canada) entered the qualifying tournaments. Additionallly two non-FIFA nations entered the CONCACAF qualifying. Four African teams withdrew before playing any match.
Africa.
The African qualifying saw a record entry of 25 teams. Four teams though withdrew before playing any matches. Teams fight for seven spots at the final tournament in Namibia. The top three teams there qualify for the World Cup.
Asia.
"(20 teams competing for 5 berths)"
As in the previous World Cup cycle, the 2014 AFC Women's Asian Cup served as a qualifying tournament.
The final tournament was competed by eight teams, four of which – Australia, China, Japan and South Korea – were automatically qualified though their 2010 placement, while the others were determined via a qualification tournament. North Korea was banned from the tournament due to the sanction on their doping cases in 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Group stage.
The top two teams from each group advance to the semifinals of the tournament as well as qualifying for the World Cup. The third placed teams advanced to a playoff against each other to determine the fifth and final qualifying team from the AFC.
Group B.
China, South Korea, Japan and Australia qualified for the World Cup. Vietnam and Thailand advanced to the fifth-place play-off.
Europe.
"(46 teams competing for 8 berths)"
Current stage (group stage).
Group 1
Group 4
Group 7
Group 2
Group 5
Group 3
Group 6
North America, Central America and Caribbean.
As with the previous World Cups, the CONCACAF Women's Championship served as the region's qualification tournament.
Oceania.
Only four teams played the Oceanian Championship in Papua New Guinea. That is fewer than in the last four editions of the tournament. The winner qualifies.
South America.
"(10 teams competing for 2.5 berths)"

</doc>
<doc id="36849329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849329" title="Iolaus djaloni">
Iolaus djaloni

Iolaus djaloni, the Fouta Djalon Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Guinea. The habitat consists of dry forests.
Adults have been recorded on wing in October and December.

</doc>
<doc id="36849340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849340" title="Ants (given name)">
Ants (given name)

Ants is an Estonian masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36849347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849347" title="Iolaus fontainei">
Iolaus fontainei

Iolaus fontainei, Fontaine’s Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ghana (the Volta Region), Nigeria (the Cross River loop), Cameroon, the Republic of Congo, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kinshasa and Uele), Uganda and north-western Tanzania.
The larvae feed on "Tapinanthus erectotruncatus" and "Tapinanthus dependens".

</doc>
<doc id="36849366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849366" title="List of zombie short films and undead-related projects">
List of zombie short films and undead-related projects

The following is a list of zombie short films and other zombie- and undead-related projects, such as television series.
Zombies are creatures usually portrayed as either reanimated corpses or mindless human beings, in both cases cannibalistic or more widely as undead bodies, ghouls, mummies, reanimated corpses, vampires and so on. While zombie films generally fall into the horror genre, some cross over into other genres, such as comedy, science fiction, thriller, or romance. Distinct sub-genres have evolved, such as the "zombie comedy" or the "zombie apocalypse". Zombies in "this" article are not distinct from other types of undead like ghouls, ghosts, mummies, or vampires.
Short films and anthology segments.
This list considers zombie short films. The films in this category satisfy the following requirements:
Miscellaneous.
This list considers "quasi-zombie" films and films where zombies exist in the title only. The films in this category satisfy the following requirements:
Abandoned, in progress, and rumored projects.
This list considers an "announced zombie-ish" films. The films in this category satisfy the following requirement:

</doc>
<doc id="36849375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849375" title="Fredrik Adam Smitt">
Fredrik Adam Smitt

Fredrik Adam Smitt, (9 May 1839 in Halmstad - 19 February 1904 in Stockholm), was a Swedish zoologist.
Biography.
Smitt studied in Lund and Uppsala where he received his PhD in 1863. In 1861 and 1868 He participated in the Swedish expeditions to Svalbard.
From 1879 he taught zoology at Stockholm University.
Selected works.
A history of Scandinavian fishes (1892)

</doc>
<doc id="36849379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849379" title="Thailand at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Thailand at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Thailand competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.
Wheelchair fencing.
Note: Ranks from qualification pools were given as an overall ranking against all other competitors.

</doc>
<doc id="36849389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849389" title="Iolaus frater">
Iolaus frater

Iolaus frater, the Brotherly Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria, Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Tanzania. The habitat consists of upland forests, just below the submontane level.
The larvae feed on "Tapinanthus erectotruncatus" and "Tapinanthus dependens".

</doc>
<doc id="36849408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849408" title="2002 Italian Formula Three season">
2002 Italian Formula Three season

The 2002 Italian Formula Three season was the 38th Italian Formula Three Championship season. It began on 7 April at Vallelunga and ended on 20 October at Magione after nine races.
Miloš Pavlović of Target Racing won races at Vallelunga, Misano, Varano, Binetto, Mugello and had another three podiums and ultimately clinched the title. He finished 27 points clear of Azeta Racing driver Philip Cloostermans, who won races at Pergusa and Monza. Third place went to Pavlović's team-mate Christiano Citron, who won the season-ending race at Magione.
Calendar.
All rounds were held in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36849426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849426" title="Endel">
Endel

Endel is an Estonian masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36849431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849431" title="Iolaus gemmarius">
Iolaus gemmarius

Iolaus gemmarius, the Small Jewel Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Nigeria (south and the Cross River loop) and Cameroon. The habitat consists of forests.

</doc>
<doc id="36849443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849443" title="Ivo Caput">
Ivo Caput

Ivo Caput (born 15 February 1993 in Dubrovnik) is a Croatian football forward, currently playing for GOŠK Dubrovnik.
Club career.
Born in Dubrovnik, Caput passed through the youth ranks of the local clubs HNK Dubrovnik 1919 and NK GOŠK Dubrovnik before debuting for the GOŠK senior team, aged 17. He subsequently became a permanent starter for his club, and his 13 goals in the 2012-2013 Treća HNL Jug season drew the attention of Hajduk Split. He was signed by Hajduk in August 2012, but sent beck for the autumn period on a loan to his old club.
In June 2013 his contact with Hajduk was terminated

</doc>
<doc id="36849445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849445" title="Iolaus glaucus">
Iolaus glaucus

Iolaus glaucus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Israel, Jordan, western Saudi Arabia, Oman, Yemen, Ethiopia and Somalia.

</doc>
<doc id="36849446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849446" title="Economy of Mizoram">
Economy of Mizoram

Mizoram is one of the fastest growing economies among the states of India with a per capita income of Rs 50,021. Mizoram had the second highest GSDP growth during the 11th Five Year Plan (2007-2012) in Northeast India at 11 percent exceeding the target of 7.8 percent which is also much higher than the national average of 7.9 percent. During the 10th Five Year Plan (2002-2007), the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) was expected to grow at around 5.3 per cent but grew at 5.7 per cent. The biggest contributors to GSDP growth are Agriculture, Public Administration and Construction work. Tertiary sector of service sector continued to have the contribution to the GSDP with its share hovering between 58 per cent and 60 per cent during the past half a decade.
Agriculture.
Around 60 per cent of the population of the state depended on agriculture, the sector's contribution to the GSDP was only 19.84 per cent during the same period and that of the industry was 20.20 per cent. The Economic Survey indicated that 32 per cent of the cultivated area was under jhum and only 20 per cent of the demand for rice could be met within the state while a total of 14,28,600 tonnes of rice was lifted by the state government from outside. More than 70% of the total population is engaged in some form of agriculture. The age-old practice of "Jhum" is being discouraged by the state government with schemes like the New Land Use Policy a Policy to help farmers move away from the traditional slash-and-burn method of cultivation. Recently, Mizoram Government has entered into a new venture wherein Oil Palm and Jatropha cultivation, for biofuels is being promoted.
Education.
Education is an important industry for Mizoram. It boast of a large number of schools in the state which employ a number of people.
Tourism.
Mizoram is yet to establish itself as a tourist destination for both Indians and non-Indians alike. Tourists mostly visit such attractions as the hill stations of Reiek and Hmuifang. National parks and wildlife sanctuaries such as Phawngpui National Park, Murlen National Park and Dampa Tiger Reserve.
Industry.
Mizoram is facing a number of difficulties in the advancement of industries. Lack of means of dependable surface transport and poor accessibility is one of the major drawbacks. Other problems faced by the state were the poor mineral resources, non-availability of good infrastructure and communication facilities, shortage of capital and lack of modern skills. A Software Technology Park is however being established in Mizoram University campus. A Steel Plant is also being established in Mizoram.
Macro-economic trend.
Below is not a chart of trends in gross state product of Mizoram at market prices estimated by "Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation" with figures in millions of Indian rupees.

</doc>
<doc id="36849450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849450" title="3rd Super Robot Wars">
3rd Super Robot Wars

Story.
The game take place after the "2nd Super Robot Wars", the Divine Crusaders reformed under the leadership of the Zabi family, led by Gihren Zabi, who plans to use the DC to create a dictatorship. However, as the Federation tries to deal with the resurgence of the DC, a new foe appears, the aliens which Bian Zoldark warned of.

</doc>
<doc id="36849458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849458" title="Dead End Derby">
Dead End Derby

Dead End Derby (DED) is a flat track roller derby league based in Christchurch, New Zealand. It currently consists of two home teams, The Filthy Habits and Carnage Academy plus two travel teams "the DED all stars" and "Living Dead Rollers" which compete against teams from other leagues.
Founded in Nov 2007 by controversial NZ skater Cherry Blunt and her sister Crass, along with MissChevusMynx, Mystique, Bitch n Famous, Stevie Nails, Blood Angel and Ur shadow they formed 3 teams The Filthy Habits ( known for their spectacular musical entrances ) Cellblock Brawlers ( who had their own rowdy fan cheerleaders "the blue crew" ) and Carnage Academy ( undefeated Tequila Mockingbird Cup champion school girls ) 
The league played its first bout in September 2009,splitting the league into two demo teams "Hellbound Harlots" and "S.A.S" bringing in the countries largest roller derby crowd at the time of around 2000 people and in 2011 it played in the nation's first inter-island bout, when it took on Richter City Roller Derby, from Auckland. 
Four skaters from the league were selected to play for Roller Derby Team New Zealand in the 2011 Roller Derby World Cup. Hurrican Hori, MisshevusMynx, Black Panther and Evil K Knevil. The national team captain, Hurricane Hori, is a former Dead End Derby skater. The New Zealand team placed 8th out of 13 teams. In 2012, Dead End Derby put on a major bootcamp for fifty skaters, coached by Bonnie D.Stroir, a coach of Team USA.

</doc>
<doc id="36849490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849490" title="Mike Chase">
Mike Chase

Mike Chase (born April 17, 1952) is a former American stock car racing driver. Winner of the 1994 series championship in the NASCAR Winston West Series, he has also competed in the Winston Cup, Busch and Craftsman Truck Series and currently works for Penske Racing as a crewman.
Personal life.
Born in Redding, California, Chase moved to the Charlotte, North Carolina area in 1993 to further his racing career.
Early career.
Growing up competing at Shasta Speedway in his native California, Chase began competing in NASCAR touring series in the mid-1980s, winning the 1987 championship in the Featherlite Southwest Tour; Chase also made his debut in the Busch Series in 1986 at Darlington Raceway, finishing 32nd.
Chase moved up to the Winston West Series in 1990 where he won Rookie of the Year. In 1991 he made his debut in the Winston Cup Series, competing in a combination race at Sears Point Raceway; he finished 25th in the event. Chase would run selected races in Winston Cup over the next few years, in addition to selected Winston West events; his best finish in Cup came at Michigan International Speedway in 1990 where he finished 24th.
In addition to his racing career, in the early 1990s Chase worked as the head of stock car racing for A. J. Foyt Enterprises; he planned to attempt to qualify for the Indianapolis 500 on two occasions with the team, but was not approved by USAC for competition. 
Brickyard and Trucks.
In 1994, Chase qualified for the 1994 Brickyard 400, the inaugural stock car race at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. The event, although on the Winston Cup Series schedule, was a combination race between Cup and the Winston West Series; despite running too slow to make the field for the race on time, Chase started 43rd in the event due to being eligible for a provisional starting spot as the then-current Winston West Series points leader. He finished 42nd in the race, being involved in an accident after completing 91 of the race's 160 laps.
Chase would go on to win the 1994 Winston West series championship, winning five times over the course of the season. Chase moved to the Winston Cup Series in 1995, intending to run full-time for Rookie of the Year in the No. 32 Active Racing Chevrolet; however, after failing to qualify for the first race of the season, the Daytona 500, Chase was released by team owner Dean Myers and replaced by Jimmy Hensley. 
Chase returned part-time to the West Series for the remainder of 1995, winning twice, as well as running eight races in the SuperTruck Series presented by Craftsman, making his first race in the series at Bristol Motor Speedway for Chesrown Racing, where he finished 27th; later that year he replaced P. J. Jones in the No. 1 DieHard Chevrolet for team owner Scoop Vessels, posting a best finish of 16th in seven races.
In 1996, Chase returned to the renamed Craftsman Truck Series, driving for Steve Sellers Racing; driving in seven events for the team, he posted a best finish of 13th at Portland Speedway. Chase would run selected races in the Winston West Series in 1998, before returning to the series for a full season in 1999 with Green Light Racing; he failed to win a race but finished seventh in points. 
Chase would run three races in the Nationwide Series for ST Motorsports in 2001, with a best finish of 27th; these would be his final races in NASCAR competition.
After racing.
After retiring from competition, Chase worked for several race teams, including Wood Brothers Racing; he currently works for Penske Racing as a fabricator. Chase has also worked as a crew chief in the Nationwide Series.
Chase was inducted into the West Coast Stock Car Hall of Fame in 2010.
Motorsports career results.
NASCAR.
NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series results.
1 Ineligible for series points

</doc>
<doc id="36849491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849491" title="Pedro Núñez del Valle">
Pedro Núñez del Valle

Pedro Núñez del Valle (Madrid, c. 1597 – 1649) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque era.
According to Antonio Palomino he was born in Madrid were he lived and worked for the rest of his life after studying in Rome. He was one of the painters concerned in drawing the pictures of the Kings in the "Salon de la Comedias".

</doc>
<doc id="36849504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849504" title="Long-Hawerter Mill">
Long-Hawerter Mill

Long-Hawerter Mill is a historic grist mill located on Little Lehigh Creek in Longswamp Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The mill was built about 1800, and is a 1 1/2-story banked stone building measuring 36 feet, 5 inches, wide by 26 feet, 1 inch, deep, with a slate roof. Attached to it is a one-story, frame cider mill and one-story, frame maple sugar house. Also on the property are the watercourses, consisting of the headrace, pond, and dam. The mill operated into the 1950s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36849517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849517" title="Armenia–Cyprus relations">
Armenia–Cyprus relations

Armenia–Cyprus relations have always been strong with the two often being described as "brothers" due to a common history and culture with the arrival of the first Armenians in Cyprus during the 6th century. Cyprus has been a supporter of Armenia in its struggle for the recognition of the Armenian Genocide, economic stability and the resolution to the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. In return Armenia has been advocating a stable Cyprus after the Turkish invasion in 1974 and supporting a lasting solution to the Cyprus dispute.
Today relations between Armenia and Cyprus include cooperation in the areas of trade, military, intelligence services, foreign policy and arts.
Modern relations.
Post Armenian independence.
Nagorno-Karabakh War.
Inter ethnic fighting between Armenia and neighbouring Azerbaijan broke out shortly after the parliament of Nagorno-Karabakh, an autonomous oblast in Azerbaijan, voted to unify the region with Armenia on February 20, 1988. The Armenian demand to unify Karabakh with Armenia, which proliferated in the late 1980s, began in a relatively peaceful manner; however, as the Soviet Union's disintegration neared, the dispute gradually grew into a violent conflict between the ethnic groups in Nagorno-Karabakh, resulting in ethnic cleansing by all sides.
The joint declaration between Cyprus and Armenia in January 2011 mentions that the Republic of Cyprus expresses its support to the constructive efforts of the Republic of Armenia to resolve Nagorno-Karabakh conflict within the OSCE Minsk Group process through negotiations based on the principles of the United Nations Charter and the Helsinki Final act and the elements proposed by the Presidents of the OSCE Minsk Group Co-Chair countries, which include, inter alia, the determination of the final status of Nagorno-Karabakh through legally binding expression of will. In return Armenian President welcomed Cyprus position as a member of EU for its balanced stance on the Karabakh issue, drawing attention to determination of Nagorno-Karabakh’s final status in terms of legally binding free expression of will. .
Armenian Genocide recognition.
Cyprus has been one of the pioneering countries in recognising the Armenian Genocide, when on 25 January 1965 Foreign Minister Spyros Kyprianou first raised the issue to the General Assembly of the United Nations. Prior to his powerful speech, a delegation comprising ARF Dashnaktsoutiun Bureau members Dr. Papken Papazian and Berj Missirlia, as well as Armenian National Committee of Cyprus members Anania Mahdessian and Vartkes Sinanian, handed him a memorandum urging Cyprus' support in raising the issue at the United Nations.
Cyprus was also the first European country (and the second world-wide, after Uruguay) to officially recognise the Armenian Genocide. On 24 April 1975, after the determined efforts and the submission by Representative Dr. Antranik L. Ashdjian, Resolution 36 was voted unanimously by the House of Representatives. Representative Aram Kalaydjian was instrumental in passing unanimously through the House of Representatives two more resolutions regarding the Armenian Genocide: Resolution 74/29–04–1982, submitted by the Foreign Relations' Parliamentary Committee, and Resolution 103/19–04–1990, submitted by all parliamentary parties. Resolution 103 declared 24 April as a National Remembrance Day of the Armenian Genocide in Cyprus.
Since 1965, when Cypriot government officials started participating in the annual Armenian Genocide functions, Cyprus' political leaders are often keynote speakers in those functions organised to commemorate the Armenian Genocide. During the last years, there is usually a march starting from the centre of Nicosia and ending at the Sourp Asdvadzadzin church in Strovolos, where a commemorative event takes place in front of the Armenian Genocide Monument; other events may also take place, such as blood donations.
Armenian Genocide Memorials.
As the second country in the world to recognize the Armenian Genocide, Cyprus has built two genocide memorials in respect to the victims. One of the memorials is located in Nicosia, and the other one is located in Larnaca
Cypriot response to the release of Ramil Safarov.
Cyprus Minister of Foreign Affairs Erato Kozakou-Marcoullis's statement said "we deeply regret and deplore this Presidential pardon and the damage inflicted by the actions that followed the release, aimed at glorifying this hideous crime, to the reconciliation efforts with Azerbaijan and we are also very concerned of its effects on regional stability." Following the release of Ramil Safarov immediate protests broke out in all cities of Cyprus with the biggest being in Nicosia taking place outside the Hungarian Embassy. Cypriot press expressed negatively on the role of the Hungarian government for the release of Ramil Safarov.
Educational cooperation.
There are Armenian Elementary Schools in Cyprus in the cities of Larnaca, Limassol and Nicosia and a Gymnasium in Nicosia. The Melkonian Educational Institute was the most renowned co-educational institution of Armenian-Cypriots. Founded in 1926, the Melkonian Institute was open to Armenian students from all over the world and offered a comprehensive secondary school curriculum. All subjects, except for the Armenian language, were taught in English and foreign languages offered included Greek, French, Arabic, Persian, Russian and Bulgarian. A daily hourly radio programme by the Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation in Armenian includes extensive interviews, news coverage, cultural reports and music. Two Armenian monthly newspapers have been founded on the island, Artsankank (1995) and Azad Tsayn (founded 2003), which provide national and international news, primarily in Armenian and with certain columns printed in Greek and in English.
Economic cooperation.
Every year, Cyprus-Armenian Business Forums are held either in Nicosia or in Yerevan, with an aim to further boost trade and investment between the two countries. Armenian companies will be able to expand more effectively into the European Union and Middle East markets in co-operation with Cypriot companies. This co-operation can and should be reciprocal, with Armenia serving as an access route to the Caucasian countries for the business world of Cyprus.
Cultural cooperation.
The Armenian community of Cyprus receives a generous funding from the Cypriot government, which enables the organisation of concerts, dance performances, art and photographic exhibitions, as well as literary events. The Armenian Prelature of Cyprus has allocated space within its premises (Utidjian Hall) to encourage cultural events, such as the annual Autumn Book Exhibition. The Middle/Near East Armenian Research Centre (established in 1996 by Vartan Malian) houses a reference library and archival material in its Nicosia premises.
Humanitarian aid.
Following the December 1988 earthquake in Armenia, the Republic of Cyprus was one of the first countries to send relief in the form of medicine, doctors and financial aid.
Accession of Armenia in the European Union.
Cyprus is openly advocating the accession of Armenia in the European Union in the shortest period of time. Referring to the EU Armenia relations, President Demetris Christofias pledged that Nicosia will continue supporting actively the further enhancement of this relationship, indicating a full membership candidate status for Armenia in the nearest future.
Cyprus, he said, is the firmest supporter and friend of Armenia in the EU.

</doc>
<doc id="36849543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849543" title="Hain Mill">
Hain Mill

Hain Mill, also known as Wernersville Mill, is a historic grist mill complex located in Lower Heidelberg Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The merchant mill complex includes the 2 1/2-story stone mill building (1798); stone farmhouse / miller's house (1782); two-story, stone and frame barn; frame toolshed; frame woodshed; and frame outhouse. The mill ceased operation prior to 1961.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36849556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849556" title="List of butterflies of Jordan">
List of butterflies of Jordan

This is a list of butterflies of Jordan. About 81 species are known from Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="36849572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849572" title="Tainan TN-1">
Tainan TN-1

The Tainan TN-1, alternatively known by the manufacturer's name Tainan F-5, is a single seat glider built in Japan in the 1970s. There was no series production.
Design and development.
Though its construction began in 1974, the Tainan TN-1 is a conservative design both structurally, with little use of composite materials, and aerodynamically, employing well tested Göttingen airfoils from forty years before. Consequently, its performance is modest. It first flew in December 1976.
The TN-1 has high mounted wings of straight tapered, square tipped plan, forward swept by 2° 4' at one quarter-chord and with 3° of dihedral. They are built from spruce and plywood around a single spar, with fabric covering, though the ailerons are plywood skinned. Aluminium Schempp-Hirth airbrakes are fitted.
As with the wings, the construction methods used in the fuselage and empennage of the TN-1 are similar to those in the Tainan Mita 3 two-seater. The primary fuselage structure is formed from steel tubes, with wood stringers to shape the fabric covering. The nose-cone is shaped from glass reinforced plastic. The fin and tailplane, the latter mounted on top of the fuselage, are wooden framed with plywood skins but the control surfaces are fabric covered; the rudder extends down to the keel. All the tail surfaces are straight tapered; there is a trim tab on the starboard elevator. The TN-1 lands on a fixed, unsprung but braked monowheel undercarriage, assisted by a tailskid.
Operational history.
Some fifteen months after its first flight, the TN-1 was undergoing its certification trials but no further progress had been reported by 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36849586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849586" title="Auckland Roller Derby League">
Auckland Roller Derby League

The Auckland Roller Derby League (ARDL) is a flat track roller derby league based in Auckland, New Zealand. It consists of a single team, which competes against teams from other leagues.
The league was founded in 2011 by a group of skaters from the Pirate City Rollers. They planned to reduce their use of pseudonyms, and to wear more traditional sporting uniforms. Described by the "Derby News Network" as "some of the most experienced derby skaters in the Southern Hemisphere", they were soon joined by Anna "Wonton Destruction" Wong, the founder of Bristol Roller Derby in England.
Auckland competed in the 2012 Great Southern Slam, losing 202-66 to the Victorian Roller Derby League, but beating the Newcastle Roller Derby League 107-89. They did not progress to the semi-finals. In August, Auckland played at the first national tournament in New Zealand, beating Richter City in the semi-final, and the Swamp City Roller Rats in the final, to take the trophy.
In October 2012, Auckland was accepted as a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association Apprentice Programme.

</doc>
<doc id="36849599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849599" title="Iolaus handmani">
Iolaus handmani

Iolaus handmani is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Malawi.

</doc>
<doc id="36849605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849605" title="2012 Challengers Cup">
2012 Challengers Cup

The 2012 Challengers Cup is South Korea's league cup competition for the Challengers League clubs. 2012 edition was second season of Challengers Cup. The competition was begun on 28 July 2012, and ended on 4 August 2012.
Match Results.
First Round.
-->

</doc>
<doc id="36849620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849620" title="Kalindi Express">
Kalindi Express

Kalindi Express is a train by Indian Railway that connects Bhiwani (Haryana) to Kanpur Central (Uttar Pradesh). Train, running from Bhiwani to Kanpur Central is numbered 14724 while train from Kanpur Central to Bhiwani is numbered 14723. 
Accidents.
Kalindi Express had rail accident on August 20, 1995 when it collided with Purushottam Express near Firozabad at 02:55 am on the Delhi-Kanpur section. This was one of the deadliest rail accident in Indian rail history as 358 people died in the accident (official data).
On January 16 2010, three persons were killed along with 14 injured when Kalindi Express rammed into Kanpur Central-bound Shram Shakti Express near Tundla Junction due to dense fog in the morning. 
Important stops.
Bhiwani, 
Rohtak Junction, 
Bahadurgarh, 
Old Delhi Junction, 
Ghaziabad Junction, 
Khurja Junction, 
Aligarh Junction, 
Tundla Junction, 
Firozabad, 
Shikohabad Junction, 
Mainpuri,
Farrukhabad, 
Fatehgarh, 
Kamalganj, 
Kannauj, and 
Kanpur Central are important stops out of all intermediate stops.

</doc>
<doc id="36849630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849630" title="Guldin Mill">
Guldin Mill

Guldin Mill, also known as Lauer's Mill, is a historic grist mill and national historic district located in Maidencreek Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. The district encompasses one contributing building and one contributing site. The combined house and mill was built in two sections. The house was built in 1781 and the mill in 1822. It is a 2 1/2-story, stone building measuring 42 feet by 80 feet. Also on the property are the watercourses, consisting of the headrace, two ponds, and tail race. The mill operated into the 1950s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="36849639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849639" title="Muhammad bin Abdul Karim Issa">
Muhammad bin Abdul Karim Issa

Muhammad bin Abdul Karim Issa (born 9 June 1965) is Saudi politician and minister of justice.
Early life and education.
Issa was born in Riyadh on 9 June 1965. He obtained a bachelor of arts degree in sharia law at Imam Muhammad bin Saud University. He holds a master of arts degree and PhD from Imam Muhammad bin Saud University.
Career.
After graduation, Issa began to work at Imam Mohammed bin Saud Islamic University as a faculty member. He became vice president to the board of grievances (a legal body for arbitration) in 2007, and he served there until 2009. He was appointed minister of justice to the Saudi cabinet on 14 February 2009 in a major cabinet reshuffle, replacing Abdullah bin Muhammad Al Sheikh. Al Sheikh had been in office since 1992. The appointment of Issa as minister of justice was part of King Abdullah's reform initiatives.
Views.
Issa argued in a lecture at Imam Muhammad bin Saud Islamic University in Riyadh in 2012 that Salafism is only an approach and that it should not be viewed as Islam. He further emphasized that Salafi approach is moderate and that it means following and obeying the ancestors’ belief and values in regard to the understanding of Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="36849641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849641" title="Iolaus helenae">
Iolaus helenae

Iolaus helenae is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in north-eastern Zambia.
The larvae feed on "Agelanthus zizyphifolius vittatus", "Agelanthus subulatus" and "Englerina inaequilatera".

</doc>
<doc id="36849650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849650" title="2012 Denmark Super Series Premier">
2012 Denmark Super Series Premier

The 2012 Denmark Super Series was a top level badminton competition held from October 16, 2012 to October 21, 2012 in Odense, Denmark. It was the ninth BWF Super Series competition on the 2012 BWF Super Series schedule. The total purse for the event was $400,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36849725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849725" title="Cybook Orizon">
Cybook Orizon

Cybook Orizon is a 6 inch e-Reader, specially designed for reading e-Books. It is produced by the French company Bookeen.

</doc>
<doc id="36849728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849728" title="Il profeta">
Il profeta

Il profeta (internationally released as "Mr. Kinky" and "The Prophet") is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.
Plot.
Pietro Breccia (Vittorio Gassman), is a man who has long decided to abandon civilization becoming a hermit, leaving behind the strain of modern life and the futility of consumer society and living for years in seclusion on Soratte, near Rome. One day he is discovered by a TV crew that, sniffing the scoop, film a report about him. From that moment, against his will, he gets sucked into civilization.

</doc>
<doc id="36849743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849743" title="Sherwin Holger Petersen">
Sherwin Holger Petersen

Sherwin Holger Petersen (born May 12, 1953) is a farmer and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. He represented Kelvington-Wadena from 1982 to 1991 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Progressive Conservative.
He was born in Rose Valley, Saskatchewan, the son of Orla Peterson and was educated at the Kelsey Institute in Saskatoon. Peterson operated a farm in the Rose Valley district. In 1973, he married Sharon Ann Wheeler. He served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Highways and Transportation. Peterson was defeated by Kenneth Kluz when he ran for reelection to the Saskatchewan assembly in 1991. After leaving politics, he returned to farming and also operated an air seeder business. In 1993, he ran unsuccessfully for the Mackenzie seat in the Canadian House of Commons.
Peterson was granted a conditional discharge and ordered to repay $9,285 in the aftermath of the Saskatchewan Progressive Conservative fraud scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="36849747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849747" title="2008 Danmark Rundt">
2008 Danmark Rundt

The 2008 Danmark Rundt was a men's road bicycle race held from 30 July to 3 August 2008. It was the 18th edition of the men's stage race, which was established in 1985. The race was won by Danish rider Jakob Fuglsang of Team Saxo Bank. Steve Cummings of Barloworld finished second by nine seconds with Tom Stamsnijder of Team Gerolsteiner third.
Teams.
Fifteen teams took part in the 2008 race.
Final classifications.
Danish rider Jakob Fuglsang won the race by nine seconds from Steve Cummings. Tom Stamsnijder was placed third. 
The points winner was Matti Breschel with Kristoffer Gudmund Nielsen the winner of the mountains classification for best climber. Fuglsang also won the white jersey for the best young rider award and Martin Mortensen was awarded the fighters award for the race. Team CSC Saxo Bank won the overall team competition from Team Columbia with Team Gerolsteiner in third place.

</doc>
<doc id="36849749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849749" title="Cape Mount">
Cape Mount

Cape Mount may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36849757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849757" title="German submarine U-360">
German submarine U-360

German submarine "U-360" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out five patrols before being sunk in the Norwegian Sea by a British warship in April 1944.
She was a member of five wolfpacks.
She damaged one ship and one warship.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 9 August 1941 at the "Flensburger Schiffsbau" yard at Flensburg as 'werk' 479, launched on 28 July 1942 and commissioned on 12 November under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Hans-Jügen Bühring.
She served with the 5th U-boat Flotilla from 12 November 1942 and the 13th flotilla from 1 July 1943.
1st patrol.
The boat's first patrol was preceded by trips from Kiel in Germany to Bergen and then Narvik in Norway, from where she departed on 16 August 1943. She sailed southwest of Svalbard and west of Bear Island. She docked in Hammerfest on 24 September.
2nd and 3rd patrols.
Her second foray was a repeat of her first - finishing in Narvik on 19 November 1943.
The submarine's third patrol took her around Bear Island.
4th patrol.
Sortie number four saw the boat damaging southeast of Bear Island on 25 January 1944. She also damaged the "Fort Bellingham" the next day. This ship was subsequently sunk by .
5th patrol and loss.
Having moved from Hammerfest to Trondheim, "U-360" started her fifth patrol on 29 March 1944. On 2 April, she was sunk southwest of Bear Island by depth charges from the British destroyer .
51 men died in the U-boat; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36849768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849768" title="Iolaus hemicyanus">
Iolaus hemicyanus

Iolaus hemicyanus is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea (Bioko), the Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania. The habitat consists of forests.
The larvae feed on "Globimetula braunii" and "Phragmananthera usuiensis".

</doc>
<doc id="36849773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849773" title="Tõnis Vint">
Tõnis Vint

Tõnis Vint (born 1942) is an Estonian artist. He is one of the most important artists of the 1960s to 1980's in Estonia. His exhibition in Estonian Art Museum KUMU in Tallinn continues to September 9, 2012. Alongside the exhibition the book "Tõnis Vint and his aesthetic universe" has been published by KUMU.

</doc>
<doc id="36849788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849788" title="Landau Forte Academy, Tamworth">
Landau Forte Academy, Tamworth

Landau Forte Academy Tamworth can refer to any of the individual academies in Tamworth that are owned and operated by the Landau Forte Charitable Trust (LFCT). It may also refer to the group of academies as a whole.

</doc>
<doc id="36849790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849790" title="Scott Moorhouse">
Scott Moorhouse

Scott Moorhouse (born 24 May 1989) is a Paralympian athlete from England competing mainly in category F42 javelin. He has qualified for the Great Britain team for the 2012 Paralympic Games.
Biography.
Moorhouse was born, Scott Paul William Durst, in Ipswich in 1989. At the age of six weeks a severe burn resulted in the amputation of his left leg through the knee. In 2008, while working in telecommunications, Moorhouse's manager heard a radio promotion from Paralympic GB who were running a talent day in London. He gave Moorhouse the day off to attend, and Moorhouse showed promise in several different disciplines at the meet. He decided to follow athletics and began training in 2009 with Windsor, Hounslow and Eton Athletics Club, showing promise in both the sprint and throwing events.
In June 2010 he threw 41.25 to come fourth in a senior meet in Cardiff, and followed this with a second place in the World Junior Championship in the Czech Republic. In 2011 he was part of the Great Britain squad that travelled to Christchurch in New Zealand to take part in the IPC Athletic Championships, he finished 4th in the F42 javelin, throwing 38.31. In April he attended his second Junior World Championship, this time finishing third. Despite having to miss training to concentrate on his academic studies beforehand, his results in an IWAS Series meet in Stadskanaal in the Netherlands saw Moorhouse beat his personal best with three of his throws. His best of the three, 45.75m, was enough to give him first place. Then, two weeks later in Cardiff, he threw a 47.33 which pushed him up the global rankings.
In 2012, and now running with a Cheeteh Flex-Foot, Moorhouse was selected as part of the Great Britain team to compete in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the F42 javelin.

</doc>
<doc id="36849795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849795" title="LCP array">
LCP array

In computer science, the longest common prefix array (LCP array) is an auxiliary data structure to the suffix array. It stores the lengths of the longest common prefixes between pairs of consecutive suffixes in the sorted suffix array. In other words, it is the length of prefix that is common between the two consecutive suffixes in a sorted suffix array.
Example:
LCP of a and aabba is 1.
LCP of abaabba and abba is 2.
Augmenting the suffix array with the LCP array allows to efficiently simulate top-down and bottom-up traversals of the suffix tree, speeds up pattern matching on the suffix array and is a prerequisite for compressed suffix trees.
History.
The LCP array was introduced by Udi Manber and Gene Myers alongside the suffix array in order to improve the running time of their string search algorithm.
Gene Myers: Former Vice president of Informatics Research at Celera Genomics
Udi Manber: Vice president of engineering at Google.
Definition.
Let formula_1 be the suffix array of the string formula_2 and let formula_3 denote the length of the longest common prefix between two strings formula_4 and formula_5. Let further denote formula_6 the substring of formula_7 ranging from formula_8 to formula_9.
Then the LCP array formula_10 such that formula_11 is undefined and formula_12 stores the length of longest common prefix of the lexicographically formula_8'th smallest suffix and its predecessor in the suffix array.
Example.
Consider the string formula_14:
and its corresponding suffix array formula_1 :
Complete suffix array with suffixes itself :
Then the LCP array formula_16 is constructed by comparing lexicographically consecutive suffixes to determine their longest common prefix:
So, for example, formula_17 shared by the suffixes formula_18, since there is no lexicographically smaller suffix.
Difference between Suffix Array and LCP Array ?
Suffix array : Represents the lexicographic rank of each suffix of an array.
LCP array : Contains the maximum length prefix match between two consecutive suffixes, after they are sorted lexicographically.
LCP Array usage in finding the number of occurrences of a pattern.
In order to find the number of occurrences of a given string P (length m) in a text T (length N),
The issue with using standard binary search (without the LCP information) is that in each of the O(log N) comparisons you need to make, you compare P to the current entry of the suffix array, which means a full string comparison of up to m characters. So the complexity is O(m*log N).
The LCP-LR array helps improve this to O(m+log N), in the following way:
At any point during the binary search algorithm, you consider, as usual, a range (L...,R) of the suffix array and its central point M, and decide whether you continue your search in the left sub-range (L...,M) or in the right sub-range (M...,R).
In order to make the decision, you compare P to the string at M. If P is identical to M, you are done, but if not, you will have compared the first k characters of P and then decided whether P is lexicographically smaller or larger than M. Let's assume the outcome is that P is larger than M.
So, in the next step, you consider (M...,R) and a new central point M' in the middle:
The trick now is that LCP-LR is precomputed such that an O(1)-lookup tells you the longest common prefix of M and M', lcp(M,M').
You know already (from the previous step) that M itself has a prefix of k characters in common with P: lcp(P,M)=k. Now there are three possibilities:
The overall effect is that no character of P is compared to any character of the text more than once. The total number of character comparisons is bounded by m, so the total complexity is indeed O(m+log N).
Obviously, the key remaining question is how did we precompute LCP-LR so it is able to tell us in O(1) time the lcp between any two entries of the suffix array? As you said, the standard LCP array tells you the lcp of consecutive entries only, i.e. lcp(x-1,x) for any x. But M and M' in the description above are not necessarily consecutive entries, so how is that done?
The key to this is to realize that only certain ranges (L...,R) will ever occur during the binary search: It always starts with (0...,N) and divides that at the center, and then continues either left or right and divide that half again and so forth. If you think of it: Every entry of the suffix array occurs as central point of exactly one possible range during binary search. So there are exactly N distinct ranges (L...M...R) that can possibly play a role during binary search, and it suffices to precompute lcp(L,M) and lcp(M,R) for those N possible ranges. So that is 2*N distinct precomputed values, hence LCP-LR is O(N) in size.
Moreover, there is a straightforward recursive algorithm to compute the 2*N values of LCP-LR in O(N) time from the standard LCP array – I'd suggest posting a separate question if you need a detailed description of that.
To sum up:
Efficient Construction Algorithms.
LCP array construction algorithms can be divided into two different
categories: algorithms that compute the LCP array as a byproduct to the suffix
array and algorithms that use an already constructed suffix array in order to
compute the LCP values.
in formula_19 time. show that it is also possible to modify their
formula_20 time algorithm such that it computes the LCP array as well.
array given the text and the suffix array.
Assuming that each text symbol takes
one byte and each entry of the suffix or LCP array takes 4 bytes, the major drawback of their
algorithm is a large space occupancy of formula_22 bytes, while the
original output (text, suffix array, LCP array) only occupies formula_23
bytes. Therefore created a refined version of the algorithm of (lcp9) and reduced the
space occupancy to formula_23 bytes. provide another refinement of
Kasai's algorithm (formula_25-algorithm) that improves the running
time. Rather than the actual LCP array, this algorithm builds the "permuted"
LCP (PLCP) array, in which the values appear in text order rather than lexicographical order.
(formula_26) were faster than the above mentioned algorithms in
practice.
As of 2012, the currently fastest linear-time LCP array construction algorithm is due to ,
which in turn is based on one of the fastest suffix array construction algorithms by .
Applications.
As noted by several string processing problems can be solved by the following kinds of tree traversals:
Deciding if a pattern formula_27 of length formula_28 is a substring of a string formula_7 of length formula_30 takes formula_31 time if only the suffix array is used. By additionally using the LCP information, this bound can be improved to formula_32 time. show how to improve this running time even further to achieve optimal formula_33 time. Thus, using suffix array and LCP array information, the decision query can be answered as fast as using the suffix tree.
The LCP array is also an essential part of compressed suffix trees which provide full suffix tree functionality like suffix links and lowest common ancestor queries. Furthermore it can be used together with the suffix array to compute the Lempel-Ziv LZ77 factorization in formula_20 time. 
The longest repeated substring problem for a string formula_7 of length formula_30 can be solved in formula_37 time using both the suffix array formula_1 and the LCP array. It is sufficient to perform a linear scan through the LCP array in order to find its maximum value formula_39 and the corresponding index formula_8 where formula_39 is stored. The longest substring that occurs at least twice is then given by formula_42.
The remainder of this section explains two applications of the LCP array in more detail: How the suffix array and the LCP array of a string can be used to construct the corresponding suffix tree and how it is possible to answer LCP queries for arbitrary suffixes using range minimum queries on the LCP array.
Suffix Tree Construction.
Given the suffix array formula_1 and the LCP array formula_16 of a string formula_2 of length formula_46, its suffix tree formula_47 can be constructed in formula_20 time based on the following idea: Start with the partial suffix tree for the lexicographically smallest suffix and repeatedly insert the other suffixes in the order given by the suffix array.
Let formula_49 be the partial suffix tree for formula_50. Further let formula_51 be the length of the concatenation of all path labels from the root of formula_52 to node formula_4.
Start with formula_54, the tree consisting only of the root. To insert <math>Ainto formula_52, walk up the "rightmost" path beginning at the recently inserted leaf formula_56 to the root, until the deepest node formula_4 with formula_58 is reached.
We need to distinguish two cases:
A simple amortization argument shows that the running time of this algorithm is bounded by formula_20:
The nodes that are traversed in step formula_8 by walking up the "rightmost" path of formula_52 (apart from the last node formula_4) are removed from the "rightmost" path, when formula_70 is added to the tree as a new leaf. These nodes will never be traversed again for all subsequent steps formula_99. Therefore, at most formula_100 nodes will be traversed in total.
LCP queries for arbitrary suffixes.
The LCP array formula_16 only contains the length of the longest common prefix of every pair of consecutive suffixes in the suffix array formula_1. However, with the help of the inverse suffix array formula_103 (formula_104, i.e. the suffix <math>Sthat starts at position formula_9 in formula_7 is stored in position formula_107 in formula_1) and constant-time range minimum queries on formula_16, it is possible to determine the length of the longest common prefix of arbitrary suffixes in formula_110 time.
Because of the lexicographic order of the suffix array, every common prefix of the suffixes formula_111 has to be a common prefix of all suffixes between formula_8's position in the suffix array <math> A^{-1}and formula_9's position in the suffix array formula_114. Therefore the length of the longest prefix that is shared by "all" of these suffixes is the minimum value in the interval formula_115. This value can be found in constant time if formula_16 is preprocessed for range minimum queries.
Thus given a string formula_7 of length formula_30 and two arbitrary positions formula_119 in the string formula_7 with <math> A^{-1}, the length of the longest common prefix of the suffixes formula_111 can be computed as follows: formula_122.

</doc>
<doc id="36849796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849796" title="John Wingfield (priest)">
John Wingfield (priest)

The Ven. John William Wingfield was an Anglican priest: the Archdeacon of Bodmin from 1979 to 1981.
Born on 19 December 1915, he was educated at the Sheffield Pupil Teacher Centre; and served in the Royal Army Service Corps during World War II. When peace returned he studied at St Aidan’s Theological College and was ordained in 1947. After a curacy at Madron with Morvah he held incumbencies at Perranuthnoe, Budock, St Michael Caerhays, Redruth and St Clement before his Archdeacon’s appointment.
He died on 23 December 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="36849816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849816" title="Elections in Uttarakhand">
Elections in Uttarakhand

Elections for the Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly in Uttarakhand state, India are conducted in accordance with the Constitution of India. The Assembly of Uttarakhand creates laws regarding the conduct of local body elections unilaterally while any changes by the state legislature to the conduct of state level elections need to be approved by the Parliament of India. In addition, the state legislature may be dismissed by the Parliament according to Article 356 of the Indian Constitution and President's rule may be imposed.
1st Assembly Election 2002.
Uttarakhand state assembly elections, 2002 were the First Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) of the state.When the Indian National Congress emerged as the largest party with 36 seats in the 70-seat legislature. The Bharatiya Janata Party is the official opposition, holding 19 seats where as Bahujan Samaj Party holding 7 seats.
14th Lok sabha Election 2004.
The Indian general election, 2004 in Uttarakhand, occurred for 5 seats in the state.
2nd Assembly Election 2007.
Uttarakhand state assembly elections, 2007 were the second Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) of the state.When the Bharatiya Janata Party emerged as the largest party with 34 seats in the 70-seat legislature. One seat short of forming a majority, the BJP have had to rely on support from the Uttarakhand Kranti Dal and three independents to form the government. The Indian National Congress is the official opposition, holding 21 seats.
After protracted discussions it was announced the B C Khanduri would be Chief Minister and Bhagat Singh Koshiyari was to manage party work.
15th Lok Sabha Election 2009.
The Indian general election, 2009 in Uttarakhand, occurred for 5 seats in the state.
3rd Assembly Election 2012.
Uttarakhand has turned out incumbent governments in the two elections held since its creation. The Bharatiya Janata Party fought the election under the leadership of its Chief Minister Bhuvan Chandra Khanduri. The main opposition Indian National Congress was led in the assembly by Harak Singh Rawat, but no Chief Ministerial candidate has been proposed. The interim tenure of former Chief Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal, which was marked by large-scale corruption accusations, was likely to be the main election issue.
The election took place on 30 January, with the result announced on 6 March. The INC's Vijay Bahuguna was appointed CM despite not having won a vote to be the party's leader in the legislative assembly. This came under criticism over corruption and caste as 24 of the 32 MLAs boycotted the swearing-in in support of the Rajput candidate Harish Rawat (whose caste is now a majority in Uttarakhand) as opposed to the Brahmin CM. Rawat also had the support of the outgoing leader of the opposition Harak Singh Rawat. The detailed result is given below:
Notably the incumbent CM BC Khanduri lost his seat. 
<br> Vijay Bahuguna Won Bye-Election held on 8 July from SITARGANJ seat vacated due to resignation of BJP MLA Kiran Mandal.<br>
Thus Increasing Congress Seats to 33<br>
And Reducing BJP strength to 30
16th Lok Sabha Election 2014.
The Indian general election, 2014 in Uttarakhand, for 5 seats in the state.
References.
http://eci.gov.in/eci_main/StatisticalReports/AE2012/Statistical_Report_UKT2012.pdf
parliamentary Lok Sabha elections 2014 in uttarakhand

</doc>
<doc id="36849831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849831" title="List of international organizations based in Istanbul">
List of international organizations based in Istanbul

This is a list of international organizations based in Istanbul, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36849843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849843" title="Abdulaziz bin Mohieddin Khoja">
Abdulaziz bin Mohieddin Khoja

Abdulaziz bin Mohieddin Khoja (born 1940) is the former Saudi ambassador and current minister of culture and information.
Early life and education.
Khoja was born in Mecca in 1940. He obtained bachelor of science degree from King Saud University. Then he earned a master of science degree in organic chemistry in Birmingham University in 1967. He also holds a PhD in organic chemistry at Birmingham University in 1969.
Career.
Khoja was appointed dean of the faculty of education in Mecca in 1979 and his term lasted until 1984. Then he served as the undersecretary for information affairs at the ministry of information from 1984 to 1991. Later, he served as a Saudi ambasssador to various countries, including Turkey (1991), Russia and Morocco. He was also Saudi ambassador to Lebanon and was in office from 2004 to 2009. During this period of time, King Abdullah's foreign policy towards Lebanon was highly intense and also seen as an interventionist approach. On 14 February 2009, Khoja appointed minister of culture and information, replacing Iyad bin Amin Madani who had been in office since February 2005. Khoja's appointment was regarded as part of King Abdullah's reform initiatives. 
Khoja is considered to be a relative liberal and close to the King Abdullah. Khoja is also a poet. However, some of his works are banned in Saudi Arabia, although he himself is the minister of culture and information.
Other positions.
Khoja is the chairman of the General Assembly of Makkah Establishment for Publishing and Printing, publisher of "Al Nadwa". He is also the chairman of the International Islamic News Agency (IINA) Executive Council.

</doc>
<doc id="36849863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849863" title="Acrolophus plumifrontella">
Acrolophus plumifrontella

The Eastern Grass-tubeworm Moth ("Acrolophus plumifrontella") is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in North America, including Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia.
The wingspan is about 28 mm. Adults are on wing from April to October.

</doc>
<doc id="36849873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849873" title="Grant Hodgins">
Grant Hodgins

Grant Milton Hodgins (b. July 22, 1955) is a former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. He represented Melfort from 1982 to 1991 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Progressive Conservative and then independent member.
He was born in Prince Albert, Saskatchewan and was educated in Melfort and at the University of Saskatchewan, where he received a commerce degree. Hodgins served in the Saskatchewan cabinet as Minister of Highways and Transportation, as Minister of Indian and Native Affairs and as Minister of Environment. He also served as government house leader in the assembly. In 1991, he resigned from the Progressive Conservative caucus to protest government policies, particularly "Fair Share Saskatchewan". After retiring from politics, he took over the operation of his family's auctioneering business.
Hodgins received a conditional discharge in the Progressive Conservative fraud scandal.

</doc>
<doc id="36849916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849916" title="Novo Progresso Airport">
Novo Progresso Airport

Novo Progresso Airport is the airport serving Novo Progresso, Brazil.
History.
The airport is presently dedicated to general aviation.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Novo Progresso.

</doc>
<doc id="36849928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849928" title="Manuel Riemann">
Manuel Riemann

Manuel Riemann (born 9 September 1988) is a German footballer who plays for SV Sandhausen. He is the brother of Alexander Riemann.

</doc>
<doc id="36849935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849935" title="ARDL">
ARDL

ARDL may stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="36849940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849940" title="ZapSpot">
ZapSpot

ZapSpot, Inc. was a company devoted to creating small Windows freeware games that were completely ad-sponsored. All games ranged from about 400 to 700 kB in size and could be shared by e-mail. ZapSpot was active in 2000–2001, until subsequent folding due to the dot-com bubble.
A number of reports claimed that the games were bundled with adware.

</doc>
<doc id="36849941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849941" title="Hananoumi Ken">
Hananoumi Ken

Hananoumi Ken (born 6 December 1960 as Ken Sawaishi) is a former sumo wrestler from Ikawa, Akita, Japan. He made his professional debut in May 1976, and reached the top division in March 1985. His highest rank was "komusubi". He retired in July 1989.
Career.
He was persuaded by his father, a rice farmer, to be a sumo wrestler, although he really wanted to play baseball. He joined the original Hanakago stable in May 1976, and for five years he was a "tsukebito" or personal attendant to "yokozuna" Wajima Hiroshi, until the latter′s retirement in 1981. The two spent much of their spare time tinkering with Wajima′s luxury American automobile, a Lincoln Continental. Sawaishi began competing under his own surname, although he went through a number of different "shikona", including Otowadake, Sawakaze and Onoumi, before finally settling on Hananoumi, meaning ′lake or sea of flowers.′ 
In July 1983 he took the "makushita" division championship with a perfect 7–0 record and was promote to the "juryo" division, becoming a fully fledged "sekitori" for the first time. He reached the top "makuuchi" division in March 1985 and just one tournament later won his first "sansho" or special prize, for Technique. In November 1985 he had his first victory over a "yokozuna", earning a "kinboshi" for defeating tournament winner Chiyonofuji. In March 1987 he beat Chiyonofuji again, scored ten wins at "maegashira" 1 and won his second Technique Award, and with it promotion to what was to be his highest rank of "komusubi". In September 1987 he achieved the feat of winning a majority of wins against losses ("kachi-koshi") despite missing four days and having to return for the last seven – the first time this had been done in the top division for 22 years.
Retirement from sumo.
In March 1989 Hananoumi returned to the "komusubi" rank but had a disastrous tournament, losing his first nine bouts before withdrawing injured on Day 10. In May he defaulted on Day 5 after losing his first four and was never to appear on the "dohyo" again, retiring after missing the July 1989 tournament altogether. He remained in sumo for a short time as an elder under the name Hanakago Oyakata (formerly used by his old boss Wajima), but left the Sumo Association in June 1990.
Fighting style.
Hananoumi had an unusual fighting style, preferring to come in low at the "tachi-ai" and push up against the opponent′s armpits, known as "hazu–oshi". He also liked the throat thrust, or "nodowa". When fighting on the "mawashi" he used a double inside grip, or "morozashi". His two most common winning "kimarite" were "yorikiri" (force out) and "oshidashi" (push out).

</doc>
<doc id="36849944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849944" title="Daniel von der Bracke">
Daniel von der Bracke

Daniel von der Bracke (born 28 January 1992) is a German footballer who plays for TSV Havelse. 
Career.
Von der Bracke began his career with Bayer Leverkusen, and made a couple of appearances for the reserve team in the 2010–11 season. In July 2011 he signed for VfL Osnabrück of the 3. Liga, and made his debut at this level in February 2012, as a substitute for Rouwen Hennings in a 2–0 win over 1. FC Saarbrücken. In July 2013 he signed for TSV Havelse.

</doc>
<doc id="36849980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849980" title="Junior Dala">
Junior Dala

Junior Dala (born 29 December 1989 in Lusaka, Zambia) is a South African cricketer who plays for Gauteng in the South African domestic first-class cricket SuperSport Series competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36849992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849992" title="List of central officeholders in the Communist Party of Vietnam">
List of central officeholders in the Communist Party of Vietnam

List of important leaders of the communist party, state socialist in Vietnam
1930–45.
Communist Party of Vietnam:
1945–76.
South Vietnam since 1961
Some military commanders.
August Revolution.
Truong Chinh is charge of National Uprising Committee
1975 Spring Offensive.
after Additional: Le Trong Tan as Deputy Commander and Le Quang Hoa Deputy Political Commissar and Chairman of the Political.
Nguyễn Văn Linh, Võ Văn Kiệt (in Ministry commander)

</doc>
<doc id="36849996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36849996" title="Andrea De Cruz">
Andrea De Cruz

Andrea De Cruz () is a Singaporean actress of Eurasian descent.
Career.
De Cruz was a psychologist before going into showbiz. Although not from a Chinese-speaking background, she speaks the language and has acted in Channel 8 dramas.
Personal life.
De Cruz was educated at CHIJ Katong Convent and studied psychology at San Francisco State University. She is married to fellow MediaCorp actor Pierre Png.
In 2002 De Cruz was a victim of the Slim 10 pills scandal and suffered from liver failure as a result. Png, who was her boyfriend at that time, donated part of a his liver. She filed a lawsuit against various distributors of Slim 10 pills and fellow actor Rayson Tan; Tan was later cleared while the distributors were forced to compensate her. De Cruz took a 5-year break from acting and later stated that she has moved on from the incident.
Filmography.
Variety Shows.
2003

</doc>
<doc id="36850020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850020" title="Louis Ncamiso Ndlovu">
Louis Ncamiso Ndlovu

Louis Ncamiso Ndlovu (March 15, 1945-August 27, 2012) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Manzini, Swaziland.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1975, Ndlovu was named a bishop in 1985; he died in office.

</doc>
<doc id="36850021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850021" title="Digitivalva seligeri">
Digitivalva seligeri

Digitivalva seligeri is a moth of the Acrolepiidae family. It was described by Gaedike in 1975. It is found in Greece (including Peloponnese, the type location).

</doc>
<doc id="36850027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850027" title="Linda de Boer">
Linda de Boer

Linda de Boer (born c. 1955) is a retired Dutch swimmer who won the silver medal in the 800 m freestyle at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships. The next year she set a European record in the 1500 m freestyle. Between 1969 and 1971 she won two national titles and set 14 national records in the 400 m, 800 m and 1500 m freestyle events.
Her daughter, Daniëlle uit den Boogaard (b. 1983), and possibly son, David uit den Boogaard (b. 1983), also became competitive swimmers and national champions.

</doc>
<doc id="36850047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850047" title="Serbian Water Polo Cup">
Serbian Water Polo Cup

The Serbian Water polo Cup (Serbian: Куп Србије у ватерполу, Kup Srbije u vaterpolu) is the national water polo cup of Serbia. It is run by the Water polo Federation of Serbia. 

</doc>
<doc id="36850057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850057" title="2013 GP3 Series season">
2013 GP3 Series season

The 2013 GP3 Series season was the fourth season of the GP3 Series, a motor racing feeder series for Formula One and sister series GP2.
Following a three-year cycle, the previous GP3 chassis was replaced by a brand new car, the GP3/13, built by Italian racing car manufacturer Dallara. The 280 bhp turbo-charged engine used from 2010 to 2012 was upgraded to a 400 bhp naturally-aspirated unit, which will be used until 2016. Series organisers have anticipated that the new cars became up to three seconds per lap faster than the GP3/10 chassis; these estimations proved to be accurate during pre-season testing at the Autódromo do Estoril. The re-structuring of the category coincides with the series' organisers' desire to ease the transition between the GP3 Series and parent series GP2, thereby allowing rookie drivers more opportunities to succeed in GP2.
The championship title was secured by Daniil Kvyat with a race to spare after three consecutive feature race wins in Spa, Monza and Abu Dhabi. He had a thirty-point advantage on ART Grand Prix's Facu Regalia, who finished as runner-up. His teammate Conor Daly, who was the feature race winner at Valencia. Tio Ellinas, who led the drivers' standings until the first race at Spa, bookended the season with victories in both the first race and the final race of the season. Jack Harvey completed the top five, helping ART Grand Prix to claim the teams' championship.
Teams and drivers.
The following teams and drivers competed in the 2013 season:
Calendar.
The official calendar for the 2013 series was unveiled on 19 December 2012. The format remains largely unchanged from 2012, with seven rounds of the championship in support of the 2013 Formula One season and sister series GP2, plus the addition of a stand-alone round at Circuit Ricardo Tormo.
Championship standings.
Points were awarded to the top 10 classified finishers in the Feature race, and to the top 8 classified finishers in the Sprint race. The pole-sitter in the feature race also received four points, and two points were given to the driver who set the fastest lap inside the top ten in both the feature and sprint races. No extra points were awarded to the pole-sitter in the sprint race.
Points were awarded to the top 8 classified finishers.
Drivers' championship.
Notes:
Teams' championship.
Notes:

</doc>
<doc id="36850066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850066" title="Tamaryū Daizō">
Tamaryū Daizō

Tamaryū Daizō (born 22 July 1954 as Daizō Nagata) is a former sumo wrestler from Nagasaki, Japan. He made his professional debut in January 1970, and reached the top division in May, 1982. His highest rank was "komusubi". He retired in January, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36850069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850069" title="Celebrity Wedding Planner">
Celebrity Wedding Planner

Best Celebrity Wedding Planner is a British reality television series that premiered on Channel 5 on January 6, 2012. The series revolves around brides-to-be handing over the planning of their wedding to a surprise celebrity or celebrity pairing.
The series proved successful and was commissioned for third and fourth series in November 2012.
Format.
One or two celebrity wedding planners are given the task of organising a couples big day. All they are given is a 60 second message from the couple, a tour of the couples house and two sidekicks from either partner to help them with the process. They have a set budget to spend on everything (including the stag and hen nights) and only have three weeks to arrange the wedding. They are allowed no contact with the couple until a few days before the wedding and nothing is allowed to be revealed to the couple beforehand.

</doc>
<doc id="36850102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850102" title="Brenthis">
Brenthis

Brenthis is a genus of the Nymphalidae family. 

</doc>
<doc id="36850113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850113" title="Scarborough—Ellesmere">
Scarborough—Ellesmere

Scarborough-Ellesmere was a provincial electoral district in Ontario, Canada. It was created prior to the 1975 provincial election and eliminated in 1996, when its territory was incorporated into the riding of Scarborough Centre. Scarborough-Ellesmere riding was created from parts of the former ridings of Scarborough North, Scarborough West and Scarborough Centre. It was in the former borough of Scarborough.
Four Members of Provincial Parliament represented the riding during its history. The most notable was David Warner who served as Speaker of the Legislature from 1990 to 1995.
Boundaries.
Scarborough-Ellesmere occupied the west central part of Scarborough. From its southwest corner it went north along Victoria Park Avenue to Lawrence Avenue East. East to Birchmount Road and then north to Highway 401. It turned east and followed the 401 to Markham Road. South from this point along Markham to Ellesmere Road and then east to Scarborough Golf Club Road. It went south to Lawrence Avenue East and then turned back west along Lawrence to Midland Avenue where it jogged south to Eglinton Avenue East. It then followed Eglinton west to back to Victoria Park Avenue.

</doc>
<doc id="36850123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850123" title="List of social gaming networks">
List of social gaming networks

This is a list of major Social gaming networks.
The list is not exhaustive and is limited to notable, well-known services.

</doc>
<doc id="36850131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850131" title="Amadou Ly">
Amadou Ly

Amadou Ly is a Senegalese-born actor, known for his role in .
Early life.
Amadou Ly was born in the country of Senegal. At the age of 13 Amadou and his mother travelled to live in America. They lived in Harlem until his mother abandoned him at the age of 14. Amadou was left living alone and it was only discovered that he was an illegal immigrant until a school trip, when he had no ID to board a flight to Atlanta. A long immigration battle ensued and he was granted citizenship to live in the USA.
Career.
Amadou started his training in New York with William Esper and on graduation moved to Hollywood. He took to the stage at the Actors Playpen Theatre in ‘Sex, Relationships and Sometimes Love’, and it didn’t take him long for an agent to see his potential. His big break comes this Autumn as he stars in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 in which he plays a vampire from the French Coven, Henri. 
Personal life.
Amadou currently resides in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="36850165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850165" title="Constantino Romero">
Constantino Romero

Constantino Romero García (29 May 1947 – 12 May 2013) was a Spanish TV and radio host and actor. Due to his deep voice, he was most known for dubbing into Spanish other actors like Clint Eastwood, James Earl Jones (in the Darth Vader role) and Arnold Schwarzenegger in the "Terminator" films.
Biography.
Radio and TV.
Romero was born in Albacete and grew up in Chinchilla de Monte-Aragón (Albacete) where his mother lives. All his family are from Chinchilla and Almansa. His professional career began as an announcer at Radio Barcelona and RNE until 1985 when he made his first appearance in television as the host of the program "Ya sé que tienes novio". From 1987 to 1992 he presented the game show "El tiempo es oro" on TVE. Later he moved to Antena 3 where he was very popular.
Later he appeared in the regional TVs with the game show "La Silla" and replaced Silvia Jato in "Pasapalabra" in Antena 3 when she became a mother. He worked at CMT since 2002 to 2010. In 1984 he made his first stage appearance with "L'Ópera de tres rals" directed by Mario Gas. Both worked together in the musicals "Sweeney Todd" in 1995 and "A Little Night Music" by Stephen Sondheim. Another play in which he appeared was "The Little Shop of Horrors", giving voice to the carnivorous plant.
Voice actor.
He was known as a voice over actor for some famous actors. Among his notable appearances in Spanish versions of foreign-language films, he was the voice of William Shatner in "Star Trek", of Arnold Schwarzenegger in "The Terminator "film series, of Sean Connery in "Outland," and of James Earl Jones' role as Darth Vader where Romero, rather than Jones, says "I am your father" ("Yo soy tu padre").
His voice also sounds in several Disney films, for example, in "The Lion King", as Mufasa's voice, and in "Mulan", the Supreme Ancestor"."
Awards.
In 1999 he won an Antena de Oro Award and two TP de Oro awards.
Retirement and death.
He retired on December 12, 2012, after his last job as a voice actor: Trouble with the Curve. He announced it through his Twitter account:
"Thanks for the affection. It's been 47 years of work. And a whole life. Radio, TV, theatre, dubbing. It's been worth it. A hug. "That's all folks!"*" (* in English in the original). He showed his thankfulness to his fans with the words "I've always known that the best part of my job were people".
He died on May 12, 2013, in Barcelona at the age of 65.
Filmography.
Dubbing.
Clint Eastwood voice in:
James Earl Jones voice in:
Roger Moore voice in:
Arnold Schwarzenegger voice in:
William Shatner voice in:

</doc>
<doc id="36850167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850167" title="Bitrix24">
Bitrix24

Bitrix24 is an online business collaboration platform offered by Bitrix, Inc. of Alexandria, VA. Bitrix24 serves users by providing collaboration tools such as document sharing, tasking, CRM, calendaring, search, and project management. These tools integrated in a social-style environment which incorporates user profiles, liking, commenting, chat, and content sharing.
Bitrix24 is available in Cloud or as a Self-Hosted version. 
Human Resources Information System (HRIS).
In addition to being enterprise social network, Bitrix24 also acts as your human resources information system. Over 2500 HR departments, staffing agencies and professional recruiters use social HR solutions from Bitrix, Inc.
History.
April 12, 2012 - Beta version of Bitrix24 released.
July 17, 2012 – Mobile version announced.
December 9, 2013 - Integration with Zingaya’s VoxImplant.Com announced. 

</doc>
<doc id="36850176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850176" title="Iolaus iasis">
Iolaus iasis

Iolaus iasis, the Iasis Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Senegal, Gambia, Guinea, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Ghana, Togo, Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, Angola, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda and Kenya. The habitat consists of forests and savanna. The species has also been recorded in cocoa plantations.
The larvae feed on the flowers of "Loranthus incanus" and "Tapinanthus bangwensis". Young larvae are pink or red. Later, they may become yellow or yellow-orange.

</doc>
<doc id="36850179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850179" title="Neisseria flava">
Neisseria flava

Neisseria flava (Latin: "flava", yellow, golden) is a bacterium belonging to a group of species under the genus "Neisseria" that is considered non-pathogenic. Along with its other members of the non-pathogenic group, Neisseria flava is often found in the upper respiratory tract surface in humans. On rare occasions, it can cause rheumatic heart disease and ventricular septal defect aortic insufficiency.
Identification.
Steps
Alternative test is Oxidative/fermentation glucose test(O/F test). If found to be oxidative, it is Neisseria spp.

</doc>
<doc id="36850195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850195" title="Ambrosio Echemendia">
Ambrosio Echemendia

Ambrosio Echemendia was a Cuban negro slave and poet. He authored poems such as "Al Damují" and "Un incrédulo de mis versos" in 1843. Accused of being involved in slave rebellions on the island, Cuba's white literary elite were so impressed by his verses that they raised $1000 to set him free in 1865.

</doc>
<doc id="36850203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850203" title="Honnasandra">
Honnasandra

Honnasandra is a small village a few km away from Bangalore.

</doc>
<doc id="36850206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850206" title="Jørgen Wilhelm Rudolph">
Jørgen Wilhelm Rudolph

Jørgen Wilhelm Rudolph (11 December 1881 – ) was a Norwegian businessperson.
He was born in Drammen and took commercial training for three years in Germany, England in France. He had a dry goods wholesaling company in Drammen of which he became sole owner in 1919.
He was a board member of the employers' association "Manufakturgrossistenes landsforening" and Den Norske Kalosje- & Gummivarefabrik, supervisory council member of Drammens og Oplands nye Privatbank and Forsikringsselskapet Norge and control committee member of Drammens Sparebank.

</doc>
<doc id="36850230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850230" title="Federation Day">
Federation Day

Federation Day is a day in the Welsh school week when all the primary and secondary children come together in one unit experiencing interaction with children of all ages. It is a solution for rural small schools in Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="36850236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850236" title="Iolaus jacksoni">
Iolaus jacksoni

Iolaus jacksoni, Jackson’s Sapphire, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Ethiopia, central and western Kenya and central Tanzania. The habitat consists of arid savanna.
The larvae feed on "Plicosepalus kalachariensis", "Plicosepalus meridianus", "Plicosepalus curviflorus" and "Plicosepalus sagittifolius".

</doc>
<doc id="36850242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850242" title="Seeyamangalam">
Seeyamangalam

Seeyamangalam () is a small village in Vandavasi taluk in Tiruvannamalai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The major occupation of the people living at this place is agriculture. In 2011 it had a population of 1665.
Etymology.
The name "Seeyamangalam" might have evolved from the older name of this village "Simhavishnu Chathurvedhi mangalam" () named after the Pallava king, Simhavishnu, father of Mahendravarman. Another possibility is that it might have derived from the name "Simhamangalam" () named after Pallava king Narasimhavarman I.
Location.
Seeyamangalam is located southwest of Vandavasi, southeast of Chettupattu and northeast of district headquarters Tiruvannamalai.
Transportation.
From Vandavasi, town buses No:144, to Gingee and No: W2 to Magamaai Thirumeni go through Seeyamangalam. One privatre bus named V.M. from Desur to Gingee also go through Seeyamangalam. However, frequency of buses to this village is less. Hiring auto from Desur is a good option to reach.
About the village.
Seeyamangalam village has more than 1500 years old heritage. It has two historically important rock cut cave temples, 7th century C.E. Rock cut Shiva Temple and 9th century C.E. rock cut Jain temple. Famous Buddhist Acharya and Philosopher Dignagar (6th century C.E.) was believed to born in Seeyamangalam.
Rock Cut Shiva Temple.
This rock cut Shiva temple was built by Mahendravarman I in 7th century C.E. The main deity Shiva, is called here as Thoon Andar in Tamil () and Stambeshwara in Sanskrit. "Thoon" means pillar and "Andar" refers Lord and hence thoon andar means Lord of Pillars. This name is because of the presence of two pillars in front of this cave temple. Two dvarapalas are located on the either side of the entrance of Sanctum sanctorum of the shrine. The interesting feature of these dvarapalas is the presence of trisula prongs in them. Unlike other temples, here the main deity Thun Andar is facing the west direction. Lord Shiva was carved in the temple pillars as Natarajar and Vrishbhantika. This is the first temple in Tamil Nadu having the image of Lord Natarajar. Also, the dwarf Muyalaka is missing from the Natarajar image.
This temple was renovated and extended by various kings as it is evident from the presence of various inscriptions in Tamil and Grantha characters by Pallavas, Chola and Vijayanagara empires.
Rock Cut Jain Temple.
This rock cut Jain temple was built by Western Ganga King Rajamalla II during the end of 9th century. This temple is seen in a hillock named Vijayadri (as per inscription of Rajamalla II) located northern side of Thun Andar Shiva temple. Inside the rock cut, recently a new Mahaveerar statue is kept and worshipped by nearby Tamil Jains. On the top of the rock facing east, relief sculptures of Mahaveerar, Parshavanthar and Bahubali are seen.
On the either side of Bahubali, his sisters Brahmi and Saundari are seen. On the top, left side of Bahubali, Indra sitting on elephant and right side, two Gandharvas are seen. The left hand of the Bahubali was damaged. The head of Parshavanathar is surrounded by five headed snake. The left and right side of Parshavanathar, his attendants Padmavathi and Daranendran can be seen. Both the images of Bahubali and Parshavanathar were carved in standing posture. The image of Mahaveerar, sitting in Sukhasana position on a Simhasana with his attendants on either side is seen at the extreme southern direction.
Though many people visit Rock Cut Shiva temple, they are often unaware of this rock cut jain temple.
Jain Inscriptions.
There are two inscriptions found in this hillock. First one is seen near to relif sculptures (right side of Mahaveerar) and it was engraved in Grantha script and Sanskrit language. It is a mixture of prose and poetry. It explains that Rajamalla established two temples for "Jinaraja" in Vidyadri (hillock) in Saka 815 (892-93 A.D). It also explains "Arunkal-anvaya" (school of Jain Monks), which was adorned by illustrious pontiffs, who had successfully crossed the vast expanse of the sea of knowledge of all the sciences, belonged to "Nandi Sanga" of "Jinendra Sanga". Though the inscription mentions two temples, the second one is not yet found.
The second inscription which was engraved in Tamil (Tamil portion, prose) and Grantha (Sanskrit portion, poetry) characters, located at the foot of the hillock in the northern side of the temple. The Sanskrit portion explains the exaltation to the "Arunkal-anvaya" belonging to the "Nandi Sanga" of "Dravida Sanga". The Tamil portion records that Vajranandhi-Yogindrar, the disciple of Gunaviradevar who was the "Mandalacharya" of "Arunkal-anvaya" caused to be constructed a flight of steps. These steps (see the picture gallery) are still in good condition.
Rajamalla II had built another jain rock cut temple in Vallimalai in Vellore district during the same 9th century C.E. This leads to the conclusion that some parts of northern Tamil Nadu was under the rule of this Western Ganga King Rajamalla II.

</doc>
<doc id="36850243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850243" title="ABS-CBN Philharmonic Orchestra">
ABS-CBN Philharmonic Orchestra

The ABS-CBN Philharmonic Orchestra is a Philippine broadcast orchestra based in Manila and is operated by ABS-CBN Corporation. The orchestra was founded in 2012, Gerard Salonga served as the orchestra's conductor and musical director. It is a joint venture of ABS-CBN and First Philippine Holdings Corporation. The orchestra consists of 40 instrumentalists. Famous Filipino composer and conductor Ryan Cayabyab lauds the orchestra for its smooth and beautiful music.
Career.
Its official debut was on July 20, 2012 on its concert at the Dolphy theater. The orchestra played some classical pieces and well-known soundtracks from Philippine films in the event. Its first major public debut was on the "Icons at the Arena” concert at the SM Mall of Asia Arena on July 16, 2012. The orchestra played some of the most recognized film scores of the American composer John Williams in its first solo concert, "The Magic of John Williams" on September 2, 2012 at the Meralco Theater.
Reviews for the concert was generally positive. Norman Sison of the ABS-CBN News wrote "It was a good ending, just like in the movies."
In 2012, the orchestra guested on the hit Philippine television drama "Walang Hanggan".
In Christmas 2012, the orchestra performed a concert at Rockwell Tent.
In 2013, due to popular demand, the orchestra will do a repeat of their concert "The Magic of John Williams" on February 23 at the Meralco Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="36850250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850250" title="Carol Young (swimmer)">
Carol Young (swimmer)

Carol Young is a Paralympic swimmer from Australia. She was a classified "A2" competitor at the 1984 New York/Stoke Mandeville Paralympics representing Australia in backstroke, freestyle, individual medley, butterfly and breaststroke events. She won a silver medal in the 100 m breaststroke A2 event and a bronze medal in the 100 m butterfly A2 event.

</doc>
<doc id="36850259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850259" title="Lala Mnatsakanyan">
Lala Mnatsakanyan

Lala Mnatsakanyan is an Armenian actress and Honoured Artist of the Republic of Armenia.
Biography.
Born in Yerevan, Armenia, Lala Mnatsakanyan is the third and youngest daughter in the family. Her mother Elza Gyuleseryan was an associate professor of scenic word at Yerevan Institute of Theater and Fine Arts. Her father Babken Mnatsakanyan was a mathematician and a candidate of physico-mathematical science.
After graduating from school N78, Lala Mnatsakanyan entered the Yerevan Institute of Theater and Fine Arts. In 1978, she graduated from the Faculty of Acting, receiving a diploma with honors.
She has played many diverse roles in theatre, film, and television, and has performed many roles in various theatres of the country–The Yerevan Youth Experimental Theatre, The Vanadzor State Drama Theatre (named after Hovhannes Abelyan), The Sundukyan State Academic Theatre of Yerevan, The “Metro” Theatre, and The “Mher Mkrtchyan” Artistic Theatre. She is a scriptwriter and performer of 140 miniatures. She has been a professor of scenic word at Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Cinematography from 1991 to the present. Mnatsakanyan is a co-author of the first and to-date only tutorial “The Art of Teaching Scenic Word” written in Armenian.
Theatrical Roles.
Yerevan Institute of Theater and Fine Arts.
1975 – "Smeraldina" “Servant of Two Masters” Carlo Goldoni
1976 – "Augustina" “Eight Women” Robert Thomas
1978 – "Giza" “King Arlequin” Rudolf Lothar
The Yerevan Youth Experimental Theatre.
1979-80 – "Rosalia Pavlovna" “The Bedbug” Vladimir Mayakovsky
1979-80 – "Mezalyapsova" “The Bathhouse” Vladimir Mayakovsky
1979-80 – "Gertrude" “William Tell Has Sad Eyes” Alfonso Sastre
1979 – "Polly" “The Threepenny Opera” Bertolt Brecht
1979-80 – "Sonya" “Uncle Vanya” Anton Chekhov
1980 – "Lika" “Two sisters” Armen Zurabov
1984 – "Vera" “The bench” Alexander Gelman
The Vanadzor State Drama Theatre named after Hovhannes Abelyan.
1982- "Armine" “Beroyan family” Zhora Sarksyan
1982 – "Anahit" “Horovel” Gevorg Sarksyan
The Gabriel Sundukyan National Academic Theatre.
1983 – "Marina" "Finding Joy" Viktor Rozov
1983 – "Princess" “The Twelve months” Samuil Marshak
1986 – "Presenter" “Blue Horses on Red Grass” Mikhail Shatrov
1987 – "Ninuccia" “Christmas at the Cupiello's” Eduardo De Filippo
1989 - "Lisa" “Save our souls” Anahit Aghasaryan
1991 – "Sorrentino" “Widows’ Comforter” G. Marotta and B. Randone
The “Metro” Theatre.
1995 - Eva “Ungrateful men” ("Love till death") Aldo Nicolaj
1995-96 – Mary “Willy, Titi, Jig” Anahit Aghasaryan
The “Mher Mkrtchyan” Artistic Theatre.
2004 – "Graciela" “Love rebuff to the man sitting in armchair” Gabriel Garcia Márquez
2009 – "Filumena" “Filumena Marturano” Eduardo De Filippo
The Theatre of Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Cinematography.
2012 – "Mother" “The Mother” Karel Čapek
TV performances.
1982-83 – "Lusik" “Barsegh aga and others” Hagop Baronian
1983 – "Policeman" “Brave Nazar” L. Miridzhanyan
1984 – "Janet" “In the name of land and sun” Ion Druţă
1984 – "Mary" “God help us” Jackson
1984 – "Masha" "Look, who's come!" Vladimir Arro
1984 – "Varya" “Anton and Others” Aleksei Kazantsev
1986 – "Hasmik" “Aralez” Aghasi Ayvazyan
1989 – "Nargiz" “Leaven” Avetis Aharonyan
1994 – "Vera" “The bench” Alexander Gelman
Radio performances.
1983 – "Hasmik" “Peak of courage” Lalayants
1983 – "Anna" “Groom from forest” Hrachya Kochar
1983 – "Nene" “The Memoir of A Cross-Stealer” Raffi
1984 – "Gladiator" “Stranger” Chalikyan
1984 – Dulcinea del Toboso “Don Quixote” Miguel de Cervantes
1986-87 – "Prince" “The Prince and the Pauper” Mark Twain
1991 – "Swan" “The Laughing Matter” William Saroyan
TV programs.
1992-97 – Comic miniatures
1992-97 – “Voice of the Greats”
TV movies.
1996 – "Lala" “Our yard 1”
1997 – "Seller at flower store" “Favourite songs 1”
1998 - "Café owner" “Favourite songs 2”
2005 – "Lala" “Our yard 3”
Production.
Performances.
2000 – “Fairy tales” Hovhannes Tumanyan
2001 – “Prometheus Bound” Aeschylus
2002 – “Musical Farce” Lala Mnatsakanyan
2007 – “Funny miniatures” Hagop Baronian
2012 - “The Mother” Karel Čapek
Authoress TV program.
1997 – “You bet” Comedy program
1998-2001 – “What’s new?” Comedy musical program
2002-2003 – “Lala & Harut” Comedy program
2004-2007 – “To be continued” TV serials-miniatures
Yeralash “Gzhuk” comedy TV show.
2008 – “No lie, No truth”
2008 – “The Master and Margarita”
2009 – “Hidden talent”
2010 – “Football”
2011 – “The Present”
National Cinema Center of Armenia
Prizes and awards.
1977 – First award for the republican competition of readers
1978 – All-union competition of masters of artistic word named after Yakhontov
2004 – International festival of mono-performances “Armmono2” - award in nomination “Artistic skills” for Gabriel Garcia Marques play “Love reproof to the man sitting in armchair” or “Happy marriage like hell…”
2004 – Given an academic rank of associate professor in the specialty “dramatic art” and “cinematography”
2005 – Kiev International festival of mono-performances “Vidlunnya” – awards in nominations “Best actress” and “Audience sympathy” for Gabriel Garcia Marques play “Love reproof to the man sitting in armchair” or “Happy marriage like hell…”
2006 - Honored Artist of Armenia
2008 - Given an academic rank of “professor” in the specialty “dramatic art” and “cinematography”
2012 - "Belaya Vezha" International Theatre festival in Brest - “Audience sympathy” for Karel Chapek play "The Mother"

</doc>
<doc id="36850269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850269" title="Lagerstroemia microcarpa">
Lagerstroemia microcarpa

Lagerstroemia microcarpa is an endemic tree of the Western Ghats. Known as "Nude Lady of the Forest" for its soft and smooth bark resembling the thigh of women.

</doc>
<doc id="36850277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850277" title="40th Quebec Legislature">
40th Quebec Legislature

The 40th National Assembly of Quebec consists of those elected in the 2012 general election. Pauline Marois (PQ) is the premier. The leader of the opposition has changed twice. Jean-Marc Fournier (Liberal) started as leader of the opposition after the resignation of former Liberal Premier Jean Charest who lost his seat in the last provincial election. Philippe Couillard was elected Liberal leader and won election to the assembly in a by-election on December 9, 2013.
Member list.
Cabinet ministers are in bold, party leaders are in italic and the president of the National Assembly is marked with a †.

</doc>
<doc id="36850279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850279" title="Baggrave Hall">
Baggrave Hall

Baggrave Hall is an 18th-century Grade II* listed country house in the parish of Hungarton, Leicestershire, UK.
It is a two and three-storey Palladian-style building constructed during the 1750s in ashlar, with a Swithland slate hipped roof and brick ridge chimney stacks. An additional wing in red brick can be dated to 1776. The current grounds of the hall cover 220 acres (0.89 km2). The hall was listed Grade II* in 1951.
History.
Before the Dissolution of the Monasteries, the site belonged to Leicester Abbey. It was subsequently sold to Francis Cave, whose grandson, Sir Alexander Cave, sold it before 1625 to Edward Villiers, half brother to the Duke of Buckingham. The hall was occupied in the later 17th century by John Edwyn, whose grandson, also John, rebuilt it, incorporating parts of the 16th-century manor house. In 1770, his daughter Anna Edwyn married Andrew Burnaby, archdeacon of Leicester, and thus ownership of the estate passed to the Burnaby family. Later owners included Edwyn Burnaby, high sheriff of Leicestershire. In recent times it became the home of the Earle family, who sold it around 1975.
The fabric of the building was severely damaged in 1988–90 whilst in the ownership of an overseas company controlled by Asil Nadir, who had bought the estate for £3 million. Stonework was removed, walls undermined and interior walls, floors and ceilings ruined. The current owner has promised to rectify the damage as much as possible. The house can be viewed close at hand from a public footpath that runs between South Croxton and Lowesby.

</doc>
<doc id="36850298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850298" title="The Health Museum">
The Health Museum

The John P. McGovern Museum of Health and Medical Science, or The Health Museum in short, is a museum in the Museum District of Houston, Texas. The museum is a member institution of the Texas Medical Center. As of 2012 the museum gets over 180,000 annual visitors, including 22,000 schoolchildren who visit the facility during organized field trips. 
History.
The Museum of Medical Science opened in the Houston Museum of Natural Science opened on November 16, 1969, and it remained there for 21 years. The current museum facility opened on March 16, 1996 as The Museum of Health & Medical Science. The building housing the museum, the John P. McGovern Building, was funded with a $9.5 million capital campaign. Since the opening, the museum has processed over two million visitors. In late 2001 the museum's board of trustees unanimously voted to rename the museum after John P. McGovern. The museum revamped its brand in 2006, as part of the 10th anniversary in the standalone facility. The new branding included a shortened name ("The Health Museum") and a new logo. As of 2006 the museum received 175,000 annual visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="36850305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850305" title="Mjøndalen Gummivarefabrikk">
Mjøndalen Gummivarefabrikk

Mjøndalen Gummivarefabrikk was a rubber factory in Mjøndalen, Norway.
It was formerly named Den Norske Kalosje- og Gummivarefabrik, and changed its name to Viking Mjøndalen when acquired by Askim-based company Viking Gummivarefabrikk. The person behind this 1932 acquisition was Viking founder P. M. Røwde, who also brought Vestlandske Gummivarefabrik into the corporation in 1938. Viking Mjøndalen was later acquired by the Trelleborg Group, changing its name to Viking Trelleborg.

</doc>
<doc id="36850308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850308" title="National Computer Science Academy Pakistan">
National Computer Science Academy Pakistan

National Computer Science Academy Pakistan, usually abbreviated to NCSA Pakistan, is a private institute in Abbottabad, Pakistan.
History.
NCSA Pakistan was founded in 2003 by Zeeshan Sabir, who at that time was working as CEO at Soha Networks Incorporation. NCSA Pakistan was started under a programme for professional skill development by Soha Networks to promote computer literacy in the region.
Location.
The main building of NCSA Pakistan is situated on Mansehra road near the Mandian area of Abbottabad, it also has a student registration office located at PMA road Abbottabad near Bilal Town.

</doc>
<doc id="36850322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850322" title="Northern Mariana Islands status referendum, 1969">
Northern Mariana Islands status referendum, 1969

A referendum on the islands' status was held in the Northern Mariana Islands on 9 November 1969. For the fourth time since 1958 a majority of voters supported integration with Guam. However, a referendum held in Guam on 4 November on integration with the Northern Mariana Islands had been rejected by 58% of Guamanian voters.
Background.
Previous referendums on either integation with Guam or the islands' status had been held in 1958, 1961 and 1963. On each occasion a majority had been in favour of integration. However, the proposal remained unfulfilled.
The 1969 referendum was organised by the local Parliament, and was held prior to a visit by a United Nations commission in early 1970.

</doc>
<doc id="36850331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850331" title="Keith Zotti">
Keith Zotti

Keith Zotti is a Paralympic lawn bowler from Australia. He competed at the 1984 New York/Stoke Mandeville Paralympics winning a bronze medal in the Men's Pairs A2/4 event. 

</doc>
<doc id="36850340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36850340" title="Daensen folding chair">
Daensen folding chair

The Daensen folding chair consists of the metallic remains of a folding chair which were discovered in 1899 in sand from a Bronze Age tumulus near Daensen, a part of Buxtehude, Lower Saxony, Germany. The chair is the southernmost and most richly decorated example of the eighteen known folding chairs of the Nordic Bronze Age in Northern Europe. The fittings, along with a reconstruction, are in the permanent exhibition of the Archaeological Museum Hamburg in Harburg, Hamburg.
History.
The tumulus is located in a prominent location about 300 meters northwest of the village Daensen, at in open countryside owned by former farmer and municipal mayor Eickhoff. The Bronze Age tumulus is known as or and according to local legend, contains the remains of a Chauci prince called Baak. or Back Before 1897, half of the northern mound was removed for sand extraction. In the centre of the mound Eickhoff's workers discovered a rectangular stone packing of boulders. Inside they found bones and a complete human skull. The workers gave the bones to a dog. Their work was witnessed by the Moisburg pastor Wittkopf who noted his observations in his Parishs book of accounts: 
In 1899 sand was again removed from the mound again, and this time the workers discovered a second stone circle. In its interior they found several bronze fitting and partially gold decorated fittings, including two long stripes with gold inlays, which they broke into several pieces. In November 1899 Eickhoff forwarded a part of the fitting along with a ribbed armring of bronze to the museum. In 1934 the museum's director Willi Wegewitz acquired the remaining fittings from Eickhoff's sons, for the museum.
Findings.
The remains of the folding chair consist of four bronze knobs with diameters of with long spouts and a total length of . The end caps are ribbed and their faces decorated with a pattern of four concentric circles. A cast loop with a diameter of supports a ring of diameter with four rattle long plates. These components were attached to the frame of the seat. Two small knobs with diameters and lengths of were found among the baseboards of the stool. Most likely the stool had originally four of these knobs, the other two being presumed lost. There were also four bronze studs with gold plated heads. The nail heads are in diameter and have a pin length of . Three figure-eight shaped bronze fittings of length, width and thicknesses of with line ornaments wearing a gold metal insert at the waist. The gold plate was fixed by two fine incisions in the bronze fitting and then folded on the reverse. Two rectangular bronze plates of in length, in width and about thickness are entirely covered with gold foil and bent around the edges for fixation. Furthermore, there are five rectangular fitting plates whose broken edges were put together. It is most likely that some of their fragments are still missing. Only a few organic components were preserved, one is a piece of leather, and there were seven or eight pieces of wood, one of ash, the other of maple. Among the pieces of wood, there is a corner piece and one with the mounting of the seat's leather. The remains of the chair have been typologically dated to 1400 BC.
Reconstruction.
Compared to earlier previous finds from grave mounds and tree coffin burials in Denmark, Sweden, Schleswig-Holstein and Mecklenburg the present metal objects were identified as fitting parts of a folding chair typically for the Nordic Bronce Age. These numerous comparative findings in connection with the survived wooden structures of the Vamdrup folding chair found at Guldhøj in the Danish municipality of Ribe in 1891 allowed a precise reconstruction of the Daensen folding chair.
Interpretation.
Due to the improper excavation and documentation of the find, precise statements about the archaeological context are not possible. The chair is the most magnificent decorated folding chair of the Nordic Bronze Age. This type of chair, or their fittings are present in 17 comparable finds. The remains of two folding chair fittings originate from hoards, all the rest were grave goods from tree coffin or grave mound burials. Where the sex of the deceased was ascertained, folding chairs where added to male burials. For this reason it is likely that the Daensen chair was a grave good of a man. Gifts of folding chairs have so far been discovered only in extremely wealthy burials and it is possible that the man buried in Daensen was a high-ranking person, maybe a chieftain. The absence of further grave goods may indicate that the grave had been raided by antique grave robbers. Comparably equipped graves with folding chairs always included more offerings such as weapons, jewellery, and household items, which are absent in Daensen. In contrast to that, the ribbed bronze arm bracelet provided by farmer Eickhoff to the museum must come from a female burial. Either this was a double funeral, or the bracelet came from a separate women's grave attached to the tumulus. Similar folding chairs originate from Ancient Egypt, whose most famous specimen comes from Tutankhamun's tomb of 1330 BC.

</doc>
