<doc id="36794998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36794998" title="Stanisław Baranowski Spitsbergen Polar Station">
Stanisław Baranowski Spitsbergen Polar Station

Stanisław Baranowski Spitsbergen Polar Station or Stanisław Baranowski Glaciologjcal Station (, nicknamed "Baranówka" or "Werenhus") is a research station near the Werenskiold Glacier on Spitsbergen, the largest island of the Svalbard archipelago in Norway. It is operated by the Institute of Geography and Regional Development of the Polish University of Wrocław.
History.
The station was founded on Spitsbergen in 1971, when the first permanent structure was built. Polish scientists had a presence in that region since the 1950s, beginning with the initiative of the International Geophysical Year (1957-1958). It was named after Stanisław Baranowski (1935–78), a Polish glaciologist who died on King George Island as a result of an accident at the Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station while a member of the 1977–78 expedition. Baranowski was also involved in the creation of the station, and upon receiving the news of his death, the research team decided to name the station in honor of his work, a decision confirmed by the university. Over time, this led to the station being nicknamed "Baranówka" and in Norwegian, based on the nearby glacier's name, "Werenhus".
As of 2005, the station is inhabited by a team of about six scientists. The station is usually staffed all year round, and has received numerous guests from Polish and foreign visiting researchers. As of 2010, the director of the station is Dr. Jerzy Pereyma.
Research.
Scientists at the station carry out climate, glacial, geomorphic and geological studies, primarily focusing on the Werenskiold Glacier.
Location.
The station is located about 1.5 km from the center of the Werenskiold Glacier, near the mid-run of the Brategg River.

</doc>
<doc id="36795004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795004" title="Copeland Tops State Conservation Area">
Copeland Tops State Conservation Area

Copeland Tops State Conservation Area is an area of , located near the Barrington Tops, west of Gloucester in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia.
Relics of the "Mountain Maid" gold mine may be visited with a tour guide. Gold was discovered by timbergetters in 1875. By 1878, around one thousand people were living in the area. Most of the gold mining activity had ceased by 1890. At the end of 1886, the Mountain Maid mine yielded 8,819 ounces of gold. And the Hidden Treasure mine yielded 9,501 ounces.
Flora include wet sclerophyll eucalyptus forest and a unique "dry" rainforest. Rainforest trees present include Shatterwood, Black Booyong, Moreton Bay Fig, and the White Cedar. Some of the Red Cedar grow in excess of 40 metres tall. Of note is the large epiphytic ferns growing in the rainforest, such as Birds Nest Ferns, Staghorn Fern, and Elkhorn Ferns.
Koalas, Eastern Grey Kangaroos, Red-necked Wallabies, Wombats, and Greater Gliders are some of the many marsupial animals found here. Microbats rest in the gold mine shafts during the day.

</doc>
<doc id="36795005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795005" title="Krishan Mohan">
Krishan Mohan

Krishan Mohan (November 28, 1922 – 2004) (Urdu:کرشن موہن) was an Urdu poet who gained prominence after India gained independence from the British Raj.
Mohan was the takhallus of Krishan Lal Bhatia who was born in Sialkot, British India. His father, Ganpat Rai Bhatia, was an advocate; post partition of British India he practiced law in the District Courts of Meerut. Ganpat Rai was also an Urdu poet; his takhallus was Shakir.
After completing his school studies Krishan Mohan obtained his B.A. (Hons.) degrees separately in English and in Persian as a student of Murray College, Sialkot, where he was also the editor of the college house magazine. Later on he obtained his M.A. degree in English Literature as a student of Government College, Lahore.
After partition of British India his family moved to Karnal where Krishan Mohan found temporary employment as a welfare officer. Thereafter, he worked as sub-editor and assistant editor of All India Radio's publication "Aawaaz" at Lucknow and Delhi, and then as a journalist with the Press Information Bureau before joining the Indian Revenue Service as an Income Tax Officer. 
He died in Delhi, aged 82 years.
Literary life.
Krishan Mohan was a popular and a prolific writer who after 1947 dominated Delhi’s that particular Urdu stage which was graced by stalwarts – Pandit Harichand Akhtar, Arsh Malsiani, Jagan Nath Azad, Gopal Mittal, Naresh Kumar Shad, Bismil Saeedi, Rana Jaggi, Ram Krishan Mushtar, Talib Chakwali and Bakshi Akhtar Amritsari.
While adhering to the classical style Krishan Mohan did not hesitate to experiment, at times over- reaching the extreme thresh-holds of imagination and thought. His ghazals set in the traditional mode are thoughtful and thought-provoking, and for his nazms he searched for and found new ideas and expressions.
Bibliography.
Urdu poetry (in Urdu script):
Urdu poetry (in Hindi script):

</doc>
<doc id="36795070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795070" title="Super Soul Sunday">
Super Soul Sunday

Super Soul Sunday is an American daytime self-help talk show hosted by Oprah Winfrey, airing on the Oprah Winfrey Network. "Super Soul Sunday" premiered on October 16, 2011.
Format.
"Super Soul Sunday" is designed to help viewers awaken to their best selves and discover a deeper connection to the world around them. Recognized by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences with Daytime Emmy Awards, the Alliance for Women in Media Foundation with a Gracie Award and the Religion Communicators Council with a Wilbur Award, "Super Soul Sunday" features conversations between Oprah and philosophers, authors, visionaries, and spiritual leaders. It presents an array of perspectives on what it means to be alive in today’s world. Exploring themes and issues including happiness, personal fulfillment, spirituality and conscious living, guests who have appeared include: Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel, Maya Angelou, Brené Brown, India.Arie, Wayne Dyer, Gary Zukav, Iyanla Vanzant, Marianne Williamson, Coach Phil Jackson, Ram Dass, Eckhart Tolle, Diana Nyad, Sarah Ban Breathnach, and Thich Nhat Hanh.

</doc>
<doc id="36795082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795082" title="3,3-Bis(chloromethyl)oxetane">
3,3-Bis(chloromethyl)oxetane

3,3-Bis(chloromethyl)oxetane (BCMO) is a toxic substance which can cause kidney damage, lacrimation, and somnolence if consumed.
BCMO is a useful pre-polymer in the field of energetic materials for synthesis of Poly-BAMO which is under extensive research in numerous military departments around the world. Poly-BAMO is an energetic polymer that have potential to replace the current propellant binder formulations.

</doc>
<doc id="36795088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795088" title="Bretti Nature Reserve">
Bretti Nature Reserve

Bretti Nature Reserve is an area of , located near the Barrington Tops, north of Gloucester in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia. Flora includes wet sclerophyll eucalyptus forest and rainforest. It is most often viewed on a drive along the Thunderbolts Way. The locally rare Wompoo Fruit Dove may be heard in rainforest areas.

</doc>
<doc id="36795095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795095" title="Louis A. Crandall House">
Louis A. Crandall House

The Louis A. Crandall House at 959 Main St. in Lebanon, Oregon was built in about 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
It is a two-and-a-half story house that is the "only example of high style American Foursquare architecture in Lebanon". It was designed by Albert I. Crandall. It was built by the Crandall Brothers Planing Mill, a company including brothers Louis, Albert, and Ira Crandall.

</doc>
<doc id="36795114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795114" title="William Corbin (author)">
William Corbin (author)

William Corbin (McGraw) was the author of various books list below for adults and children.
He started his writing career as a newspaperman and later he became married to Eloise Jarvis McGraw, also an author.
Corbin became more serious about writing fiction and moved into a house with a 23-acre filbert orchard so he could relax and write his books.
Some of his works got awards. William Corbin had two children, Lauren and Peter McGraw. He died in 1999 and was buried in a cemetery near Lake Oswego, Oregon.
List of some Books by W. Corbin in order.
"Golden Mare"
"Smoke"
"Deadline"
"High Road Home"
"A Dog Worth Stealing"
"Pony for Keeps"
"Horse in House"
"The Prettiest Gargoyle"
"Me and the End of the World"
"The Everywhere Cat"

</doc>
<doc id="36795116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795116" title="Oxydisulfoton">
Oxydisulfoton

Oxydisulfoton is a chemical compound used as an acaricide and insecticide.

</doc>
<doc id="36795138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795138" title="Pentadecylamine">
Pentadecylamine

Pentadecylamine is a toxic chemical compound.

</doc>
<doc id="36795140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795140" title="Tour de Guadeloupe">
Tour de Guadeloupe

The Tour de Guadeloupe (; ) is an annual men's multiple stage road bicycle race held each August in the French Caribbean island of Guadeloupe.
Founded in 1948 under the name : Tour Cycliste de la Guadeloupe, this elite men's competition opened officially to abroad racers in 1979, changing its name to Tour Cycliste international de la Guadeloupe. Covering a majority of the island's territory, the race includes today a prologue time trial and 8 to 9 stages.
As of 2005, the Tour of Guadeloupe is part of the UCI America Tour, which is one of six UCI Continental Circuits ruled by the Union Cycliste Internationale, the international governing body for cycling. Since then, the race has been rated as a 2.2 event on the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) classification standards.
This event is organized by the "Comité régional de cyclisme de la Guadeloupe" (en: "Regional cycling committee of Guadeloupe").

</doc>
<doc id="36795146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795146" title="King Animal">
King Animal

King Animal is the sixth studio album by American rock band Soundgarden, released on November 12, 2012 on Seven Four Entertainment and Republic Records in the US and Vertigo Records in the rest of the world. Produced by both the band and Adam Kasper, the album is the band's first in sixteen years, and the first not to be released on A&M Records since 1988's "Ultramega OK". However, Republic, Vertigo and A&M are all owned by Universal Music Group.
Background.
On January 1, 2010, Cornell alluded to a Soundgarden reunion via his Twitter, writing: "The 12-year break is over and school is back in session. Sign up now. Knights of the Soundtable ride again!" The message linked to a website that features a picture of the group performing live and a place for fans to enter their e-mail addresses to get updates on the reunion. Entering that information unlocks an archival video for the song "Get on the Snake", from Soundgarden's second studio album, 1989's "Louder Than Love". In November 2010, Soundgarden was the second musical guest on the show "Conan", making it their first television appearance in 13 years. 
In February 2011 it was announced on Soundgarden's homepage that they had started recording a new album. On March 1, 2011, Chris Cornell confirmed that Adam Kasper would produce the new album. Four days later, the band stated it would consist of material that was "90 percent new" and the rest consisting of updated versions of older ideas. They also noted that they had 12 to 14 songs that were "kind of ready to go". Although Cameron claimed the album would be released in 2011, the recording was prolonged as Thayil said that "the more we enjoy it, the more our fans should end up enjoying it." Thayil also reported that some songs sound "similar in a sense to "Down on the Upside"" and that the album would be "picking up where we left off. There are some heavy moments, and there are some fast songs." The next day, Cornell reported that the new album would not be released until the spring of 2012.
In April 2011, Soundgarden announced a summer tour consisting of four dates in July, and was also headliner for Voodoo Experience at City Park in New Orleans Halloween weekend 2011. It was announced in March 2012 via the band's official Facebook page that they would be including a new song on the soundtrack of the movie "The Avengers", based on the franchise by Marvel Comics. The song was titled "Live to Rise" and marked the first newly recorded song that the band have released since reforming in 2010. "Live to Rise" was released as a free download on iTunes April 17, 2012. Also in March 2012, it was announced that Soundgarden would headline the Friday night of the Hard Rock Calling Festival the following July. On May 5, 2012, just before The Offspring began playing their set, the band appeared as a special guest at the 20th annual KROQ Weenie Roast in Irvine, California. Later that month, Soundgarden told "Rolling Stone" they were eyeing an October 2012, release for their new album. On September 17, 2012, it was announced that the album would be titled, "King Animal" and would be released on November 13, 2012.
Singles.
"Been Away Too Long" was the first single to be released from "King Animal" on September 27, 2012. On October 31, 2012,"Non-State Actor" was released through the official Soundgarden YouTube channel. The video for the song features an American flag waving back and forth with the "King Animal" logo replacing the stars. The week before its release, the album was streamed in its entirety for free on iTunes. On January 29, 2013, the band released a music video for "By Crooked Steps", which was directed by Dave Grohl. On September 4, 2013, the band released a music video for "Halfway There".
Reception.
Critical response.
"King Animal" received positive reviews. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from critics, the album received an average score of 70, which indicates "generally favorable reviews", based on 32 reviews. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic gave it a positive review by saying, ""King Animal" is a big, bright album, executed with precision and professionalism. The band members sound older, not quite as loud, and possess a keener sense of good taste, and it sounds as if they've aged together, which is a testament to their innate chemistry. Simply put, Soundgarden sound like they belong together; Cornell sounds richer, fuller when anchored by drummer Matt Cameron, bassist Ben Shepherd, and the deceptively sinewy and brainy guitarist Kim Thayil, whose presence has sorely been missed over the past decade." Stuart Berman of Pitchfork Media gave the album a 5.9 out of 10, saying "The best hope for "King Animal" was that Soundgarden would be inspired enough by their spiritual successors to want to outdo them, and set a new benchmark for ambitious aggression. Instead, the group's first album since 1996 just sounds like the one they would've churned out in 1998." Hilary Saunders of "Paste" gave the album 7.0 out of 10, saying "Comeback albums are notoriously difficult to conceptualize and actualize and "King Animal" took more than a year to create after the band spent a decade and a half on hiatus. While this record lacks the canonizing tracks like "Jesus Christ Pose", "Black Hole Sun", "Spoonman" and "Burden in My Hand", Soundgarden deserves to be commended for recapturing the feeling of grunge and reintroducing it today." Luke Turner of "BBC Music" gave the album a positive review, saying ""King Animal" undeniably draws its strength from the band’s accessible Superunknown era, but also takes Soundgarden somewhere fresh."
Chris DeVille of "The A.V. Club" gave the album a B-, saying "More often, though, "King Animal" affirms what a potent formula this band established. It’s neither a trainwreck nor a masterpiece, but it stirs the senses in all the right ways." Matt Melis of Consequence of Sound gave the album a C-, saying "Production issues aside, this record proves that Soundgarden still have their muscle but also hints that they are in the process of figuring out how to flex it again. For every realized track like “Worse Dreams”, with its circular vocal phrasings and slippery riffing, there’s a jam like “Eyelid’s Mouth” that completely loses its identity — in this case, via an almost painful chorus that asks, “Who let the river run dry?” Still, there’s more than enough merit found in King Animal to ensure that any future tweets by Chris Cornell about new Soundgarden music will confidently be filed under #reallygoodnews." Michael Christopher of "The Phoenix" gave the album three out of four stars, saying "On the whole, "King Animal" is a welcome return, and though it doesn't reinvent the wheel, it reminds us why these guys were considered the architects of the Seattle scene." Richard Trapunski of "Now" gave the album four out of five stars, saying ""King Animal" doesn’t sound like a nostalgia-fed cash grab, nor is it poisoned by the desperate commercialism of Cornell’s post-Soundgarden projects. Instead, it picks up where 1996’s Down On The Upside left off, layering Cornell’s distinct howl over psychedelic textures, off-kilter time signatures and heavy, chugging riffs courtesy of way-underrated guitarist Kim Thayil."
Scott McLennan of "The Boston Globe" gave the album a mixed review, saying "There's nothing bad about these 13 tracks, but nothing truly remarkable either. It's been 16 years since singer Chris Cornell, guitarist Kim Thayil, bassist Ben Shepherd, and drummer Matt Cameron applied their combined talents to new songs, and while the old chemistry sounds intact (though can we get more from the drummer , please?) the material is not particularly combustible." Tim Karan of the "Alternative Press" gave the album three and a half stars out of five, saying "It’s difficult to imagine a new Soundgarden album that would sound startlingly different from "King Animal". It’s right in line with the band’s natural progression; so much so that it’s almost difficult to believe it didn’t come out a decade ago. Is it as evocative and emotive as their earlier albums? Not quite. But it’s new Soundgarden songs that sound like old Soundgarden songs—and if you’re of a certain generation or disposition, that’s been a long time coming." Jonathan Keefe of Slant Magazine gave the album three out of five stars, saying ""King Animal" doesn't contain any standout tracks that justify Soundgarden's comeback or which rank as essential additions to the band's very strong catalogue. The album is less a triumphant return than an example of what happens to most middle-aged rock bands: They've returned as a slightly more conservative version of what made them famous in the first place."
Commercial performance.
"King Animal" sold 83,000 copies in the United States in its first week of release to land at position No. 5 on the "Billboard" 200 chart, making it the third highest position of Soundgarden's career behind their previous two studio albums, "Superunknown" (1994) and "Down on the Upside" (1996), which landed at position Nos. 1 and 2, respectively. The album has to date reached the top ten on the Australian and German Albums Chart, the top fifteen on the albums charts of Ireland and Norway, and the top thirty on the albums charts of the Netherlands, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
European Tour 2013 'Plus' re-release.
On September 2, 2013, "King Animal Plus" (with a distinctive dark purple/black sleeve) was released prior to the bands' European tour later that month. 5 bonus live tracks recorded for "The Artists Den" at The Wiltern, Los Angeles on February 17, 2013, and an acoustic cut recorded for 89X CIMX radio, Detroit on April 22, 2013, were included as bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="36795154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795154" title="Autochthon (geology)">
Autochthon (geology)

An autochthon in structural geology is a large block or mass of rock which is in the place of its original formation relative to its basement or foundation rock. It can be described as rooted to its basement rock as opposed to an allochthonous block or nappe which has been relocated from its site of formation. 
While an autochthon may have experienced some minor shifting, an allochthonous block will have moved at least a few kilometres. If an overlying allochthon has an opening or hole which exposes the underlying autochthonous material, the hole is called a window (or Fenster). 
Etymology: Greek; 'autos' = self, and 'chthon' = earth.

</doc>
<doc id="36795161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795161" title="Chlorbisan">
Chlorbisan

Chlorbisan is a toxic halogenated organosulfide. It is used as a microbicide.

</doc>
<doc id="36795202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795202" title="King Jia of Dai">
King Jia of Dai

King Jia of Dai, or perhaps more accurately Prince of Dai (Traditional Chinese: 代王, Simplified Chinese: 代王) (reigned 227 BCE– 223 BCE)was the last ruler of the state of Zhao during the waning days of the Warring Kingdoms period of China. His realm was merely a rump state that covered a fraction of the former Zhao territories.
Zhao Jia was the eldest son of King Daoxiang of Zhao, but because the concubine Chang Hou had found favour with King Daoxiang, upon succession the throne was passed on to Zhao Jia's younger brother, who became King Youmiu of Zhao.
Qin forces captured the Zhao capital of Handan in 228 BCE and captured King Youmiu. It is likely that Zhao Jia was not in Handan at the time, for shortly afterwards he led several hundred clan members towards Dai province (southwestern Yu County, Hebei), then at the northeastern extreme of the Zhao kingdom. There, having been proclaimed King by his courtiers, King Jia allied himself with King Xi of Yan against Qin forces, which were poised to invade Yan after Jing Ke's failed assassination attempt on King Zheng of Qin.
At the Battle of Yi River in 226 BCE, the combined forces of Yan and Zhao were defeated by Qin forces, with King Xi of Yan fleeing to Liaodong province. Seeing this, King Jia urged King Xi to kill Jing Ke's patron, Prince Dan of Yan, in an attempt to appease the King of Qin. This, combined with the commencement of Qin wars against Wei and Chu, delayed the conquest of Dai for some years.
Ultimately, in 223 BCE Qin forces under Wang Ben conquered the rump Yan state in Liaodong. On their way back to Central China, they conquered Dai as well. King Jia of Dai was taken prisoner, thus extinguishing the last remnant of the Zhao state.
It is unlikely that King Jia was treated too harshly, as his son was sent by the Qin court as an emissary to the Xirong. The descendants of Zhao settled in Tianshui in modern-day Gansu.

</doc>
<doc id="36795206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795206" title="Hurricane Isaac (2012)">
Hurricane Isaac (2012)

Hurricane Isaac was a deadly and destructive tropical cyclone that came ashore the U.S. state of Louisiana during August 2012. The ninth named storm and fourth hurricane of the annual hurricane season, Isaac originated from a tropical wave that moved off the western coast of Africa on August 16. Tracking generally west, a broad area of low pressure developed along the wave axis the following day, and the disturbance developed into a tropical depression early on August 21 while situated several hundred miles east of the Lesser Antilles. Though the system intensified into a tropical storm shortly thereafter, high wind shear initially prevented much change in strength.
After tracking between Guadeloupe and Dominica late on August 22, Isaac turned towards the west-northwest and entered a region favorable for intensification; it passed over Haiti and Cuba at moderate tropical storm strength. An intensification of the ridge of high pressure to the cyclone's north caused it to turn westward over the Florida Keys by August 26, and Isaac entered the eastern Gulf of Mexico the following day. Gradual intensification occurred, in which the system reached its peak intensity of 80 mph (130 km/h) prior to making two landfalls, both at the same intensity, on the coast of Louisiana during the late evening hours of August 28 and early morning hours of August 29, respectively. The system gradually weakened once inland, but still produced a widespread tornado outbreak across the middle of the country before dissipating into an open low early on September 1.
Prior to becoming a hurricane, Isaac produced flooding rainfall across much of the Lesser and Greater Antilles. Particularly hard hit was the island of Haiti, where 24 people lost their lives. Overflowing rivers led to significant structural damage and many roadways were washed away, preventing aid to the affected area. While gusty winds and rainfall were reported in Cuba, damage was limited to a few buildings. In Florida, Isaac produced several inches of rainfall, leading to flooding. Strong winds knocked out power to thousands, and waves along the coast caused minor beach erosion. The most severe effects of the storm, however, occurred in Louisiana following the storm's upgrade to hurricane intensity.
Tropical storm-force sustained winds, with gusts well over hurricane strength, knocked out power to hundreds of thousands, while heavy rainfall led to flooding. Many dams along the coastline were briefly over-topped, though they did not break completely and were later pumped to prevent failure. Gusts near hurricane intensity and heavy rainfall also led to widespread power outages in the neighboring state of Mississippi, while portions of Alabama recorded nearly 1 ft (0.3 m) of precipitation. As an extratropical cyclone, Isaac produced torrential rains across Arkansas, flooding numerous streets and homes, and damaging many crops across the region. Strong winds contributed to downed lines and trees. Overall, Isaac caused $2.39 billion (2012 USD) in damage and led to 41 fatalities.
Meteorological history.
A tropical wave crossed the west coast of Africa between August 15 and August 16. Later that day and early on August 17, the system began developing more convection, while located just west of Sierra Leone. As a result, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) began monitoring the system in the Tropical Weather Outlooks (TWOs). Thereafter, further organization briefly halted, though by early on August 18, associated convection became more concentrated. On the following day, the wave reached a "high" probability of tropical cyclogenesis. Between early on August 19 and early on August 21, minimal structural improvement occurred, despite increases in development probability. By August 21, the system developed enough organization for the NHC to initiate advisories on Tropical Depression Nine; at the time, the depression was located about 715 mi (1150 km) east of the Leeward Islands, moving westward to the south of a large ridge. Conditions were generally favorable for further intensification, with the exception of northeasterly wind shear.
Late on August 21, a Hurricane Hunters mission observed flight-level winds of 51 mph (84 km/h), and on this basis the NHC upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Isaac. Despite its intensification, the storm was disorganized with its center located north of the deepest convection. The circulation became elongated early on August 22, and the storm absorbed drier air in its northeast quadrant. Later that day, the low pressure area passed just south of Guadeloupe and into the Caribbean Sea. Dry air continued to hinder convection, although Isaac gradually became better organized. By late on August 24, the Hurricane Hunters observed a well-defined circulation; by that time, however, the strongest convection was moving over Hispaniola. An eye feature developed early on August 25, and Isaac attained winds of before crossing the southwestern peninsula of Haiti.
While moving across Haiti, the circulation of Isaac became disrupted while the convection became disorganized. Continuing to the northwest, the storm moved along the north coast of Cuba. Convection increased over the center by early on August 26, and Isaac re-intensified slightly while entering the Straits of Florida. However, continued dry air prevented the inner core of convection from developing. Hurricane Hunters reported that a ragged eye developed multiple times, but the feature was unable to persist. The storm tracked northwestward across the Gulf of Mexico due to a subtropical ridge to its north. Although the barometric pressure continued to decrease, Isaac remained a large storm, which contributed to the lack of strengthening. At about 1620 UTC (11:20 a.m. CDT) on August 28, Isaac attained hurricane status about 75 mi (115 km) south-southeast of the mouth of the Mississippi River, based on data from the Hurricane Hunters.
After further intensification, Isaac made landfall at 2345 UTC (6:45 p.m. CDT) on August 28, just southwest of the mouth of the Mississippi River with winds of 80 mph (130 km/h). The eye moved back over water shortly thereafter, crawling just offshore of southeastern Louisiana (with little change in strength) before Isaac struck Louisiana again just west of Port Fourchon at 0715 UTC (2:15 a.m. CDT) on August 29. Hours after it made landfall, Isaac's eye became less circular and was open on the western side. Around 1900 UTC (2:00 p.m. CDT) on August 29, the hurricane weakened into a tropical storm as it slowly moved through Louisiana. Despite its weakening, Isaac continued to produce strong thunderstorms to the east and southwest of the center. Around 2100 UTC (4:00 p.m. CDT) on August 30, Isaac degenerated into a tropical depression over northern Louisiana.
The Hydrometeorological Prediction Center took over the responsibility on issuing advisories from the NHC at 0300 UTC on August 31. The depression continued generally northeastward over Arkansas and Missouri before transitioning into an extratropical cyclone on September 1 as it interacted with an upper-level trough. The remnants of Isaac continued generally eastward over southern Illinois before moving southward over Kentucky. On September 3, the mid-level circulation of the storm split into two parts, with one portion continuing southward into the Gulf of Mexico and the other eastward over Ohio.
Preparations.
Lesser Antilles.
Upon the issuance of the National Hurricane Center's first advisory for Tropical Depression Nine early on August 21, numerous islands across the Lesser Antilles were placed under hurricane watches or tropical storm warnings. By the end of the day, tropical storm warnings were in place for was issued for Anguilla, Antigua, Barbuda, the British Virgin Islands, Culebra, Dominica, Guadeloupe, Desirade, Les Saintes, Marie Galante, Martinique, Montserrat, Nevis, Puerto Rico, Saba, St. Eustatius, St. Maarten, St. Martin, St. Kitts, United States Virgin Islands, and Vieques. Hurricanes watches were also in place for Puerto Rico, Vieques, Culebra, and the United States Virgin Islands. As the storm continued westward towards the region, a hurricane watch was issued for the British Virgin Islands on August 22. Later that day, Isaac entered the eastern Caribbean Sea as a minimal tropical storm rather than a hurricane, resulting in the discontinuation of all previously issued hurricane watches. As the storm gradually moved further westward into the Caribbean, warnings were discontinued for the various islands, with all warnings ceasing by the end of August 23.
Greater Antilles and The Bahamas.
At 0900 UTC on August 22, the government of the Dominican Republic issued a tropical storm watch along the north coast of the Dominican Republic, from the border with Haiti eastward to Saona Island. Simultaneously, a hurricane watch was put into place on the south coast, also extending from the Haitian border to Saona Island. At Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, a trial for five prisoners, who allegedly planned the September 11 attacks, was postponed.
At 1030 UTC on August 24, the government of Jamaica issued a tropical storm watch for the entire island of Jamaica. Early on the following day, the Cayman Islands Meteorological Service designated the Cayman Islands under a tropical storm watch. Several hours later on August 25, the tropical storm watches for both Jamaica and the Cayman Islands were discontinued.
Gulf of Mexico.
Oil production in the Gulf of Mexico was down by 24% percent and gas off by 8%, as several major companies (including BP and Shell) evacuated their installations in the eastern part of the basin. Overall, at least 39 (7 percent) of 596 production platforms and eight (11 percent) of 76 Gulf oil rigs were evacuated in the Gulf on August 26. By the evening of August 27, approximately 78% of the Gulf's crude oil production and 48% of its natural gas production had been closed.
United States.
Florida.
At 2100 UTC on August 24, a tropical storm watch was issued for all of Florida south of the Jupiter Inlet on the east coast and south of Bonita Springs; it also included Lake Okeechobee and the Florida Keys. Early on the next day, the tropical storm watch was upgraded to a warning, while the Florida Keys and the mainland from Ocean Reef to Bonita Springs were now under a hurricane watch. Further north, a tropical storm watch was issued from the Jupiter Inlet to the Sebastian Inlet. Later on August 25, the hurricane watch was switched to a warning, while a separate hurricane watch was issued from Golden Beach southward.
Isaac also posed a threat to the 2012 Republican National Convention (RNC), which was held in Tampa, Florida during the week of August 27, 2012. According to the Republican National Convention spokesman James Davis, officials have been coordinating with the United States Secret Service, should the 50,000 politicians, delegates, and reporters require evacuation. The Republican National Convention was pushed to August 28, 2012 with the storms threatening the coast of Tampa. On August 25, the chairman of the RNC Reince Priebus announced the convention would only convene for a short amount of time on August 27 and "immediately recess until Tuesday afternoon, August 28". At the same time, Governor Scott announced he will not be attending the convention, together with Alabama governor Robert J. Bentley.
Orange juice prices also increased due to the threat of the storm in Florida, which produces more than 75 percent of orange crops in the United States. On August 25, Florida Governor Rick Scott declared a state of emergency for the state of Florida ahead of Tropical Storm Isaac. Amtrak suspended the Silver Meteor and Silver Star train service from Orlando to Miami on Sunday, August 26. In the Florida Keys, officials canceled airplane flights and bus routes. The port at Key West was closed during the storm, as were all parks and beaches in the Keys. Emergency shelters were opened, and daily garbage pickup was canceled.
Louisiana.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency for Louisiana on August 26. Later that day, reports of exposed levees in Louisiana began surfacing from local news outlets. Crews were reportedly dispatched to cover the exposed dirt with heavy plastic and fill gaps in the levees with Hesco bastions. A mandatory evacuation was ordered for St. Charles Parish and for the east bank of Plaquemines Parish and in Lafourche Parish below the Leon Theriot floodgates in Golden Meadow. 4,000 National Guard troops were activated in the state. The closure of all schools and Universities in South East Louisiana, including Louisiana State University followed Gov. Jindal's State of Emergency declaration. Governor Jindal announced that he would not attend the 2012 Republican National Convention and would remain in his state to take care of storm-related problems. On August 27, President Obama ordered federal aid to Louisiana to supplement state and local response efforts due to the emergency conditions resulting from Tropical Storm Isaac beginning on August 26, 2012. Governor Jindal on August 27 sent a letter to the Obama administration that the declaration fell short of the help he was requesting.
Gov. Jindal had temporarily suspended Louisiana's licensing requirements for emergency medical technicians, to let medical assistance officials from other states help Louisiana respond to Hurricane Isaac. Louisiana Commissioner of Administration Paul Rainwater announced that all state government offices would be closed August 29.
The US Army Corps of Engineers closed the Seabrook Floodgate and the IHNC Lake Borgne Surge Barrier to protect the New Orleans area from a storm surge.
Mississippi.
Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency the evening of August 26, 2012 The governor ordered mandatory evacuations to begin at 8 a.m. CT (9 a.m. ET) on August 27 for residents along the coast and in some low-lying areas inland.
On August 27, the Jackson County Board of Supervisors ordered a mandatory evacuation of all areas south of U.S. Route 90. It included all areas south of US 90 in Ocean Springs, Mississippi, Gautier, Mississippi and Pascagoula, Mississippi. The evacuation was in effect as of 4pm CT. 
Officials dispatched 1,500 National Guard troops to the state's three southern counties, as well as 45 state troopers to ease traffic flow.
On August 28, the president signed an emergency declaration for the state of Mississippi.
Alabama.
Alabama Governor Robert J. Bentley declared a state of emergency ahead of Isaac. Mandatory evacuations for Baldwin and Mobile counties beginning at 8:00 a.m. on August 27 for zones one and two. Governor Bentley soon announced that he would not be attending the 2012 Republican National Convention, and will remain in his state to take care of storm-related problems.
On August 28, Governor Bentley lifted the mandatory evacuation orders covering southern Baldwin and Mobile counties and issued voluntary orders for areas vulnerable to Isaac’s expected impact.
Impact.
Lesser Antilles.
In Martinique, a meteorologist reported at least of rain. One indirect fatality occurred in Puerto Rico after a 75-year-old woman fell from a second-floor balcony in Bayamón while preparing for the storm. In Naguabo, minor coastal flooding had resulted in at least one road closure. Scattered to widespread power outages were also confirmed throughout Puerto Rico. Damage across Puerto Rico amounted to $3,000.
Venezuela.
Although Isaac did not directly impact Venezuela, the storm's outer bands produced heavy rains over part of the country. In the state of Sucre, the Manzanares River overflowed its banks in the town of Cumanacoa, inundating approximately 1,200 homes, many of which were damaged and a few destroyed. Some residents had to be airlifted to safety. Similar flooding occurred elsewhere in the country, such as in Caracas where 40 families had to be evacuated. Across Caracas, transportation was significantly disrupted as the local Metro suspended service and debris blocked local roads. The most significant flooding in the city occurred in western areas where hundreds of families had to be evacuated. In the state of Monagas, heavy rains and high winds damaged a total of 47 homes. Several roads were blocked by downed trees and flooding, temporarily isolating a few cities. Across the states of Anzoátegui, Monagas, and Sucre, 3,200 families were affected by the floods and 600 homes were damaged or destroyed. In the state of Yaracuy, flooding destroyed 10 homes and affected 70 others. At least two people were killed and two others were listed as missing in various events related to the storm.
Greater Antilles.
Authorities estimated at least 30,000 residents were evacuated across the island of Hispaniola.
Haiti.
Isaac swept across Haiti's southern peninsula, bringing flooding and storms in areas affected by the January 2010 earthquake. A woman and a child died in the town of Souvenance, and a 10-year-old girl died in Thomazeau when a wall fell on her. A seven-year-old boy was electrocuted in the city of Gonaives. As many as 5,000 people were evacuated because of flooding, as scores of tents in quake settlement camps collapsed and at least 300 houses were flooded in the Port-au-Prince shantytown of Cité Soleil. Doctors Without Borders announced it anticipated a spike in cholera cases due to flooding and it was preparing to receive more patients. President Michel Martelly canceled his trip to Japan to coordinate emergency response efforts and visit residents with Prime Minister Laurent Lamothe. On August 26, 2012, the Haitian government announced that at least 14,000 people had left their homes, while another 13,500 were living in emergency shelters. According to official figures, at least a dozen houses were destroyed and 269 damaged during the storm. On August 28, the death toll in Haiti was revised up to at least 24, with three others missing. News reports in the area stated up to 29 deaths, however.
Agricultural losses across the country amounted to $242 million. Damage to the nation's electrical infrastructure reached 336 million gourdes (US$7.9 million).
Dominican Republic.
Authorities in the Dominican Republic evacuated nearly 7,800 people from low-lying areas, and at least 10 rural settlements were cut off by flooding. Parts of Santo Domingo lost electricity during the height of the storm. At least five fatalities were reported, including three men who drowned in flooded rivers, while 49 homes were destroyed throughout the country. Agricultural losses across the country were estimated to be at least $30 million.
Cuba.
The center of the storm crossed Cuba west of Maisí, the extreme eastern tip of the island, according to state television. In Baracoa, the electricity was cut off as a preventive measure, and at least two houses were destroyed by flooding. Authorities announced 230 people were in emergency shelters. Intermittent rains and gusty winds were present even in Havana, almost away.
United States.
As of 12 P.M. (CDT) Thursday, August 30, power companies said more than 900,000 customers were without power in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Texas and Arkansas. 34 tornadoes touched down across the Southeast from August 27 to September 4 and Isaac (and later its remnants) moved across that portion of the country.
Florida.
The storm dropped heavy rainfall in Palm Beach County, with many areas reporting at least and an estimated peak total of near the center of the county. Winds left at least 16,900 customers in Palm Beach County without electricity. In Tequesta, wind gusts were estimated to have reached . Additionally, winds in the area blew significant amounts of sand away, exposing rocks and created drops. Slightly further south, waves of pounded the beaches of Jupiter. Only minimal beach erosion was reported, but hundreds of sea turtle nests were swept away. A man died in West Palm Beach after driving through the storm and crashing into a concrete wall along Interstate 95, and another man doing the same thing died in a crash on State Road 78. Damage in Palm Beach County totaled $71.59 million.
On August 27, an EF0 tornado touched down in Indian River County for about two minutes, damaging 95 houses. Heavy rainfall from Isaac spread up the Florida coast, with reported in Vero Beach.
As part of the Public Advisory issued at 10:00 PM CDT on August 30, the National Hurricane Center reported cumulative rainfall totals (up through 7:00 PM CDT) resulting from Isaac's impact. Vero Beach had the highest recorded amount for the State of Florida at 16.60 inches (42.16 cm); other reports included 14.41 inches (36.60 cm) at Boynton Beach, 9.37 inches (23.80 cm) at Homestead Air Reserve Base, and 7.02 inches (17.83 cm) at Ft. Lauderdale's Executive Airport. Losses in Escambia and Santa Rosa Counties amounted to $10.4 million and $1.2 million respectively.
Louisiana.
While Isaac was moving ashore Louisiana, it produced a high storm surge that reached in Shell Beach. The large storm brought high winds across the state, with sustained winds of and gusts to on Grand Isle. As of Wednesday afternoon (Aug. 29), over 600,000 customers were reported without power in Louisiana, mainly in Metropolitan New Orleans. Flooding was reported in Slidell, Louisiana, as pumping stations were unable to keep up with rainfall rates. On the morning of August 30, Tangipahoa Parish officials issued a mandatory evacuation for those living on or near the Tangipahoa River from Kentwood to Robert after Lake Tangipahoa Dam at Percy Quin State Park near McComb, Mississippi sustained heavy damage. At the time, McComb Mayor Whitney Rodgers said there was a 50 percent chance the dam would fail. The dam held, and after the storm water was pumped over the dam to lower the lake levels and begin repairs. St. John the Baptist Parish was one of the hardest hit areas. A lack of a hurricane levee system and 8–10 ft storm surge caused massive flooding of hundreds of homes. Over 3500 residents were rescued and evacuated.
A 36-year-old man was killed in Vermilion Parish when he fell 18 feet from a tree while helping friends move a vehicle before the storm. After an initial rescue of 115 survivors from flooded homes in Braithwaite on the east bank of Plaquemines Parish on August 29, 2 bodies were discovered the next day floating in the kitchen of a flooded home, after a rescued evacuee in a shelter informed authorities of additional missing people. Authorities announced at least two others died in the state due to the storm, including a 75 year-old man who drowned after his car drove off a flooded highway near Slidell, and another man who died in a restaurant fire. Altogether, at least 901,000 homes lost electricity during the passage of Isaac in Louisiana, which accounts for 47% of the state's energy users. By August 31 these were down to less than 600,000 as emergency crews began operations across the region, although authorities warned it would be "days" until power was restored to everyone.
By September 1, more than 400,000 customers in the state remained without power.
Hurricane Isaac damaged nearly 59,000 homes across southeast Louisiana, which is four times more than previously estimated.
Mississippi.
A storm surge was reported in Hancock County on August 28. Wind gusts reached in Gulfport. Three adults and one infant in Mississippi were rescued overnight from a houseboat. There are about 2,132 evacuees housed in 31 shelters across the state and about 4,000 homes were without power as of 5:30 a.m. CT. A man was crushed in the cab of his tow truck in Picayune, Mississippi after a tree fell on it, while he was on a call to assist a stranded motorist. A 62 year-old woman died in similar circumstances on August 30. The National Weather Service reported that 17.04 inches (43.28 cm) of rain had fallen at Kiln, Mississippi through 7:00 PM CDT on August 30; 10.85 inches (27.56 cm) was recorded at Gulfport.
The excessive rain from Isaac also eroded the Lake Tangipahoa Dam at Percy Quin State Park, causing it to nearly break and flood the already-high Tangipahoa River.
Alabama.
According to the Alabama Historical Commission, the ship is believed to have run into rough waters while carrying timber in 1930.
Arkansas.
In Arkansas, damages from the remnants of Hurricane Isaac totaled to at least $30.504 million statewide. Although no deaths were reported, three people were injured in Arkansas. Heavy rainfall from the storm complex caused flooding throughout the state. In Pine Bluff, Arkansas, numerous streets and homes were flooded, along with other structures. In addition, schools in the region, most notably the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff, were forced to closed early due to the storm. Schools in other areas of Arkansas were also forced to close early. Other areas of the state encountered flash flooding after slow-moving rainbands dropped heavy rains in localized areas. Rainfall peaked at in White Hall, Arkansas. While the rainfalls benefited hay crops and pastures, rice crops were heavily damaged, and cotton, corn, and soybean crops suffered relatively minor damage. As a result of the rainfall, several rivers in the state experienced flooding. The worst river flooding impacts were felt in Brooklyn, Arkansas, where the nearby Black Creek caused damage to 15 homes near its banks after overflowing. Despite the rainfall, Isaac's remnants did not lessen the ongoing drought conditions in Arkansas.
Strong winds from Isaac's remnants blew down power poles in Arkansas County, amounting to $4,000 in damages. Strong winds also felled numerous trees. Fallen tree branches were also responsible for taking down power lines. Downed power lines and other electrical issues caused by Isaac resulted in a power outage for more than 20,000 electricity customers in Arkansas.

</doc>
<doc id="36795236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795236" title="Stanisław Baranowski">
Stanisław Baranowski

Stanisław Baranowski (25 March 1935 – 27 August 1978) was a Polish glaciologist and leader or member of a number of scientific expeditions to Spitsbergen and Antarctica. He died as a result of an accident near the Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station while on expedition. At the time of his death, he was head of the Department of Metereology and Climatology at the University of Wrocław.
Stanisław Baranowski Spitsbergen Polar Station and Baranowski Glacier are named after him.
Biography.
Stanisław Baranowski was born in Gdynia, Poland on 25 March 1935 and graduated from the University of Wrocław in 1955. He carried out studies in glaciology and climatology and participated in many polar expeditions, beginning with the expedition to Spitsbergen during the International Geophysical Year (1957–1958). Subsequently, he organized and led a number of Polish expeditions to that region, as well as to Canada, Iceland and the Sudety Mountains in Poland. He wrote over fifty scientific articles and papers. In 1971, he became a docent and the head of the Department of Metereology and Climatology at the University of Wrocław. He received his habilitation in 1976.
In January 1978, while sleeping near the Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station on King George Island in the South Shetland Islands, he was poisoned by gas escaping from a leaking cylinder. Despite receiving medical treatment, he never regained consciousness and died in a hospital in Bytom, Poland on 27 August 1978.
His obituary, published in the "Journal of Glaciology", stated the following: "Stanisław Baranowski was widely known and universally liked, and it is especially tragic that he died so young and while at the height of his creative powers."
The polar station he had founded in Spitsbergen was named the Stanisław Baranowski Spitsbergen Polar Station in his memory. A commemorative plaque has been put up at the Henryk Arctowski Polish Antarctic Station where he suffered his accident. The Baranowski Glacier is also named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="36795263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795263" title="Alim radar system">
Alim radar system

Alim is the first Iranian passive radar. Passive radars do not transmit waves and instead, detect and track objects by processing reflections from non-cooperative sources of illumination in the environment, such as commercial broadcast and communications signals.
Alim is cheaper and has less maintenance cost than normal radars because it doesn't have transmitter and movable mechanical parts. Although it needs high processing power because it has to do six levels of processing to track a target. Other advantages include the ability to detect low RCS targets in low altitudes. Also as it doesn't transmit anything, it is not possible to destroy it using anti radiation missiles such as American AGM-88 HARM thus it can be deployed near the enemy lines.
It was first seen in 2011 during the parade of Iranian armed forces. The radar has a range of between 250-300 km and is able to detect slow, low flying targets with relative ease. 

</doc>
<doc id="36795285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795285" title="2004–05 Butler Bulldogs men's basketball team">
2004–05 Butler Bulldogs men's basketball team

The 2004–05 Butler Bulldogs men's basketball team represented the Butler Bulldogs men's basketball team in the 2004–05 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Their head coach was Todd Lickliter, serving his 4th year. The Bulldogs played their home games at Hinkle Fieldhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="36795290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795290" title="Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos High School">
Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos High School

Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos Puerto Rican High School is an alternative high school located in the Humboldt Park neighborhood in Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is named for Puerto Rican nationalist Pedro Albizu Campos, and was founded in 1972 as La Escuelita Puertorriqueña, originally in the basement of a Chicago church. The school is NALSAS accredited, a founding member of the Alternative Schools Network, and a campus of the Youth Connection Charter School in Chicago. PACHS celebrated its 40th anniversary in January of 2013. 
School History.
PACHS was founded by concerned community members in response to a March 1971 study that cited a 71.2% high school dropout rate for Puerto Rican youth. Originally named "La Escuelita Puertorriqueña," the school began in the basement of a Chicago church as a response to Euro-centric curricula and negative pedagogical conditions faced by Puerto Ricans in public schools. By 1974, the school moved two miles northeast of Boricua, where it remained until moving to its current location on Division.
The Lolita Lebron Family Learning Center is a satellite program of the high school which integrates educational activities for young adults and children, provides daycare services, and offer classes in women's health and wellness at the high school. In March, 2011, PACHS inaugurated a rooftop greenhouse as an extension of its science lab in order to teach students about urban agriculture and help address the high rate of obesity and diabetes in Humboldt Park, which may result from its 2006 designation as an urban "Food Desert."

</doc>
<doc id="36795294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795294" title="Metro Cinema">
Metro Cinema

Metro Cinema may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36795295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795295" title="Barbara Parker (politician)">
Barbara Parker (politician)

Barbara Parker is city attorney of Oakland, California. 
Information.
Her predecessor, John Russo, left the position to become city manager of neighboring Alameda, California and appointed Parker as acting city attorney in June 2011. The Oakland city council confirmed her as city attorney on July 19, 2011. Parker had been Chief Assistant City Attorney for 10 years. Parker had also served as an Assistant United States Attorney for the Northern District of California. Parker has been at Oakland City Attorney's Office now for about 20 years, and 10 of those years she has been in command of it.
In November 2012, Parker was re-elected as Oakland city attorney defeating Councilmember Jane Brunner by 68 to 31 percent. 
Education.
She attended Harvard Law School and graduated in 1975.
Political importances.
Parker is an advocate for the following:

</doc>
<doc id="36795339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795339" title="Lighthouse Cinema">
Lighthouse Cinema

Lighthouse Cinema may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36795351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795351" title="McElhinney's">
McElhinney's

McElhinney's is a three-storey fifteen-department store located in Ballybofey, County Donegal. One of the largest department stores in Ireland, it is the largest department store outside The Pale. It has been named National Retail Store of the Year and Best Superstore at the Retail Excellence Ireland Awards. Alongside Finn Park, MacCumhail Park and a few hotels, McElhinney's is one of Ballybofey's more recognisable landmarks.
There is another store with the same name in Meath but there is no connection between that and McElhinney's of Ballybofey.
History.
McElhinney's was founded by John McElhinney in the 1970s. McElhinney spent his time driving around Donegal selling his wares from the back of a van. Then he set up a small shop in Glenfinn Street, Ballybofey, before opening a department store on Lower Main Street.
Wedding dresses by over 50 international designers may be found at McElhinney's, and the department store is renowned for receiving visitors from vast distances to try them on.
McElhinney's have also been supportive of MacCumhaills GAA club.

</doc>
<doc id="36795355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795355" title="Klaver">
Klaver

Klaver, meaning clover, is a Dutch surname. People with this name include:

</doc>
<doc id="36795381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795381" title="Light House Cinema">
Light House Cinema

The Light House Cinema is an art cinema with 614 seats across 4 screens in Dublin, which also serves as one of the venues for the Dublin International Film Festival.
From 1988-1996 the original Light House Cinema was located in an art-deco venue on Middle Abbey Street. A new government funded cinema was built and opened in Smithfield, Dublin in 2008. It briefly closed in 2011 following the Dublin property crash, but the property was taken over National Asset Management Agency (NAMA). 
In 2012 Light House Cinema was taken over by Element Pictures and reopened. It's since become successful and popular with locals, thanks to its more eclectic mix of films including art-house and Hollywood blockbusters as well as regular classic screenings. 
They have also started to host quiz nights, book clubs, specially hosted cult film screenings and a cinema music festival called 'One Two One Two Music Festival'.
External links.
Light House Cinema homepage

</doc>
<doc id="36795383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795383" title="Shaun O'Brien">
Shaun O'Brien

Shaun O’Brien (31 May 1969) is an Australian cyclist. He won the Silver Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1992 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36795384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795384" title="GP1">
GP1

"GP1, GP-1, GP.1, GP 1 or variant may refer to:"
Computing/videogames
Astronomy
Vehicles/vehicular products
Other

</doc>
<doc id="36795386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795386" title="Indian motorcycle Grand Prix">
Indian motorcycle Grand Prix

The Indian motorcycle Grand Prix was to have been a Grand Prix motorcycle race scheduled to be held for the first time during the 2013 season at the Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida, India. The race will be the first FIM-sanctioned event as a round of the Road Racing World Championship Grand Prix.
The race did not go ahead and was not included in the 2014 calendar.

</doc>
<doc id="36795395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795395" title="Noble megapode">
Noble megapode

The noble megapode ("Megavitiornis altirostris"), also known as the deep-billed megapode, is an extinct, flightless, giant megapode that was endemic to Fiji. It is likely that it became extinct through overhunting shortly after the colonisation of the Fiji Islands by humans.
Etymology.
The genus is monotypic, with the generic name "Megavitiornis" derived from the Greek "mega" (great), "viti" (Fiji), and "ornis" (bird). The specific epithet "altirostris" comes from Latin "altus" (high or noble), and "rostrum" (bill), referring to the extraordinarily large vertical dimension of its bill. Worthy also suggested “Noble Megapode” would be an appropriate vernacular name for the bird.
History.
It was described by New Zealand palaeontologist Trevor Worthy in October 1998 from subfossil remains collected by Worthy, G. Udy and S. Mataraba. Sites containing remains include the Udit Tomo cave at Wainibuku, Voli Voli and Delai-ni-qara caves on the island of Viti Levu, as well as on Naigani Island. The holotype is held by the Museum of New Zealand (reg. no: S.037362). In its time it was probably the largest bird in Fiji.
Description and ecology.
The megapode’s flightlessness is evident in its large body size, the extreme reduction of pectoral girdle elements and the loss of a keel on the sternum. The size and proportions of the bill are unlike those of any living megapode and, with a depth of 28% of the length, extraordinarily deep for a galliform. Worthy speculates that it was used for cracking the hard seeds of large forest fruits; there are several tropical forest trees native to Fiji producing hard seeds that cannot be cracked by any living birds or bats in the islands.

</doc>
<doc id="36795422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795422" title="Sri Angan">
Sri Angan

Sri Angan is an Ashram set up by Prabhu Jagadbandhu of the Mahanam Sampraday in Faridpur, Bangladesh in 1899 C.E. This ashram is the headquarters of the Mahanam Sampraday in Bangladesh.During the Bangladesh liberation war of 1971 the Pakistani Army killed 8 monks in the Ashram while they were praying and damaged the ashram. Janmastami is celebrated with great religious fervour every year. A procession in honour of the Hindu God Krishna is taken through the town

</doc>
<doc id="36795431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795431" title="Monte Croce di Muggio">
Monte Croce di Muggio

Monte Croce di Muggio is a mountain of Lombardy in Italy with an elevation of 1,799 m. It is located near Lake Como, close to the city of Bellano.

</doc>
<doc id="36795459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795459" title="Milestones (1975 film)">
Milestones (1975 film)

Milestones is a 1975 American drama film directed by Robert Kramer and John Douglas.
Plot.
A many-faceted portrait of those individuals who sought radical solutions to social problems in the United States during the 1960s and 1970s. It cuts back and forth between six major story lines and more than fifty characters, and across a vast landscape, to explore the lifestyles and attitudes of the American left who faced both personal and historical transitions in the period following the Vietnam War."

</doc>
<doc id="36795465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795465" title="Nikola Perlić">
Nikola Perlić

Nikola Perlić (2 April 1912 – 19 January 1986) was a Croatian footballer who played in top league clubs in Yugoslavia and France, and played for the Yugoslav national team.
Career.
Born in Slavonski Brod, Austro-Hungary (nowadays Croatia), he was not tall but strong and reliable, playing either as an attacking midfielder or a winger, remembered by strong and effective shots from mid-distance. He playing style was characterised as simple and rational, pressing always the ball and fighting all over the field. He is among the players with longest playing careers at that period: 25 years.
He started playing in the youth team of local club ŠK Proleter. He moved to a major local club, NK Marsonia, where he became senior and played between 1927 and 1933. In 1933 he moved to the national capital, Belgrade, and signed with one of the major Yugoslav clubs, SK Jugoslavija. His good exhibitions will make him with Jugoslavija will earn him 3 calls for the Belgrade representative team (it was usual at that time major cities to have their own selections), and later in 1936 his first call to the national team.
In 1937 he moved to France and played one season with Lille OSC in the Ligue 1. The following year he returned to SK Jugoslavija and played further two seasons in the Yugoslav National Championship. In August 1940 he moved to ŠK Bata Borovo and played with them in the 1940-41 Serbian League. However at the end of the season the Second World War started and the Yugoslav football was reorganised. During the war, Nikola Perlić would be twice imprisoned for his resistance activities. He would appear again again in the football fields after the war ended, wearing again the colors of Borovo, now renamed into Slaven Borovo. He will stay in Borovo until 1953 finishing his career at the impressive age of 41.
National team.
His debut for the Yugoslav national team was on September 6, 1936, in a 9:3 win in a friendly match against Poland in Belgrade. His fairway match was on November 12, 1939, in a 0:2 loss against Hungary in Belgrade. In between Perlić made a total of 8 appearances and scored 3 goals. His highlight at the national team occurred on May 18, 1939, when he scored the winning goal against England in a 2:1 victory in Belgrade.
Personal life.
After retiring he became a tailor. He died on January 19, 1986, in Borovo (SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia).

</doc>
<doc id="36795482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795482" title="Oxford International College of Changzhou">
Oxford International College of Changzhou

Oxford International College of Changzhou (CZOIC) is an international educational facility in Changzhou, China. It is managed by BE Education and is based on the curriculum and traditions of leading British Schools and Colleges. CZOIC prepares students to study abroad at universities primarily in the United Kingdom and United States by offering both IGCSE and A-Level study programmes. OIC is open to both Chinese and foreign students aged 4–18. Both the primary and secondary schools are built on the foundations of the British International Curriculum. A new campus is currently underway to be completed in 2014 and will be able to accommodate up to 1,000 students.

</doc>
<doc id="36795508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795508" title="Takeover Group">
Takeover Group

The Takeover Group Incorporation is a private-owned conglomerate and diversified corporation headquartered in Macau, East Asia. It is engaged in and controls a range of wholly owned businesses. The Takeover Group's owner and president is Kwasi Danquah III. 收购 is the Chinese name of Takeover.
History.
The Takeover Group, started by Mr. Kwasi Danquah III, had its beginnings as a modest entertainment company. In 2006, Takeover Entertainment Limited was founded and began to trade in United Kingdom. In 2008, Takeover/Cloud 9 Unlimited was established as a global company. One year later, Takeover Group was founded and headquartered in Macau, and established an office in Taiwan.
Two years later, in December 2011, Takeover Group began the steps of relocating its businesses Takeover Entertainment Limited, Takeover/Cloud 9 Unlimited, Star In The Hood Unlimited, along with MIGI Clothing to East Asia in order to improve on their financial returns.
The Group's businesses.
The Takeover Group's core businesses are held by the publicly quoted Takeover Group Incorporation. The Group's core businesses are grouped into: clothing, music, technology, and entertainment services. Takeover Group is not listed on a stock exchange, but plans have been made for a possible future listing.
Takeover Entertainment Limited, founded in 2006, produces music and manages musicians, actors/actresses and dancers, and provides entertainment services. The Company’s investment portfolio includes a joint venture with Roc Nation LLC.
Takeover/Cloud 9 Unlimited, founded in 2008, publishes music and provides a publishing arm for Takeover Entertainment Limited. In 2009, Takeover/Cloud 9 Unlimited was the biggest publisher of music in the United Kingdom in 2009. The Company’s investment portfolio includes a joint venture with EMI. 
Star In The Hood Unlimited (S.I.T.H), founded in 2006, is fashion company that designs and retails clothes, fashion accessories, and luxury goods.
MIGI Clothing Unlimited, founded in 2011, designs and retails clothes.
Takeover Group signed a deal with Goji Electronics, a subsidiary of DSG International plc to produce audio products and equipment, music technology, telecommunications equipment and consumer electronics related products, and were available for sale mid-July 2012 and are distributed by over 600 retailers in the United Kingdom, DSG International plc subsidiaries across Europe, and Pixmania globally.

</doc>
<doc id="36795512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795512" title="Sally Tanner">
Sally Tanner

Sally Tanner (born 1926) represented California's 60th District in the California State Assembly from 1979 to 1992. Her legislative career encompassed environmental issues, including serving as chair of the Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials Committee. On consumer issues, Tanner was the author of a consumer protection act that came to be colloquially referred to as the California Lemon Law. As a 1987 co-founder of the legislature's "Woman of the Year" program, she also became a recipient of the honor in 2009.
Education and background.
Tanner attended Pasadena Community College and the Art Center School of Design in Los Angeles, California, after which she worked in advertising design and commercial art. She married and had two sons, Timothy and Christopher.
Political career.
Tanner's political career began as a volunteer for the 1956 Adlai Stevenson II presidential campaign followed by experience as an Administrative Assistant to both 58th District California Assemblyman Harvey Johnson for ten years and Congressman George E. Danielson. In 1979 Tanner ran for Representative from California's 60th District and served for 14 years.
In 1981, she helped Willie Brown become California's first African American Speaker of the Assembly. When he helped create California's first standing committee on the environment, the Environmental Safety and Toxic Materials Committee, Tanner was appointed the first chair. The committee generally considered bills relating to environmental pollutants, chemical and toxic hazards, and product safety.
Tanner introduced numerous bills to clean up the environment throughout her career. In 1982, she authored a California law (Civil Code Section § 1793.22 et. seq.) which was officially named the Tanner Consumer Protection Act, even though commonly and officially known as the "California Lemon Law." It mandates refunds, replacements or compensation to consumers for life-threatening problems unfixed in new vehicles for the first 18,000 miles or 18 months, whichever is first. On 1 January 2001, the law was amended to consider a vehicle a lemon if two repair attempts fail.
Tanner was a founding member of the California Legislative Women's Caucus in 1985. At the same time, she was appointed to the Governor's task force on waste, energy and technology and asked to formulate a state waste management plan by Governor George Deukmejian. In 1987, with Republican Assemblywoman Bev Hansen, Tanner co-founded the legislative "Woman of the Year" program.
In retirement.
When she retired in 1992, Sally Tanner Park () in Rosemead, California and a street in El Monte was named "Sally Tanner Drive" in her honor.
In retirement in Ferndale, California, Tanner fishes, reads and paints, and started the local Democratic Caucus.
In 2009, as part of Women's History Month, Assemblyman Wes Chesbro named Tanner to be the First Assembly District's Woman of the Year. Chesbro said, “The Northcoast was very fortunate when one of California’s great environmental leaders, Sally Tanner chose to move to Ferndale for her retirement. Sally has lived quietly in Ferndale, but she has been a great source of wisdom and advice for me and my predecessors in the Assembly, Patty Berg and Dan Hauser.”
In 2013, Tanner and Patricia Hofstetter, a retired California municipal court judge, were the only two female competitors in the 31st Annual Chopper Steelhead Derby on the Smith and Chetco rivers which they won by catching and releasing the largest fish of the derby, a 36.5 inch steelhead.

</doc>
<doc id="36795519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795519" title="2012–13 FIS Cross-Country World Cup">
2012–13 FIS Cross-Country World Cup

2012–13 FIS Cross-Country World Cup was a multi-race tournament over the season for cross-country skiers. 
This season's biggest event was the Tour de Ski.
Results.
Men.
Individual events.
source:
Team events.
source:
Women.
Individual events.
source:
Team events.
source:
World Cup standings.
Points.
The table shows the number of points won in the 2012–13 Cross-Country Skiing World Cup for men and women.
A skier's best results in all distance races and sprint races counts towards the overall World Cup totals.
All distance races, included individual stages in Tour de Ski and in World Cup Final (which counts as 50% of a normal race), count towards the distance standings. All sprint races, including the sprint races during the Tour de Ski and the first race of the World Cup final (which counts as 50% of a normal race), count towards the sprint standings.
In mass start races bonus points are awarded to the first 10 at each bonus station.
The Nations Cup ranking is calculated by adding each country's individual competitors' scores and scores from team events. Relay events count double (see World Cup final positions), with only one team counting towards the total, while in team sprint events two teams contribute towards the total, with the usual World Cup points (100 to winning team, etc.) awarded.

</doc>
<doc id="36795520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795520" title="2012–13 FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup">
2012–13 FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup

The 2012–13 FIS Freestyle Skiing World Cup was the 34th multi race tournament over a season for freestyle skiing and organised by FIS. The season started on 22 August 2012 and ended on 25 March 2013. The FIS Freestyle Skiing season includes moguls, ski cross, aerials, half-pipe and slopestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36795525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795525" title="2012–13 ISU Short Track Speed Skating World Cup">
2012–13 ISU Short Track Speed Skating World Cup

The 2012–13 ISU Short Track Speed Skating World Cup was a multi race tournament over a season for Short track speed skating. The season began on 19 October 2012 and ended on 12 February 2013. The World Cup is organised by the ISU who also run world cups and championships in speed skating and figure skating.
See also.
2013 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships

</doc>
<doc id="36795529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795529" title="2012–13 Skeleton World Cup">
2012–13 Skeleton World Cup

The 2012–13 Skeleton World Cup was a multi-race tournament over a season for skeleton. The season started on 8 November 2012 in Lake Placid, New York, United States and ended on 17 February 2013 in Sochi, Russia. The World Cup is organised by the FIBT who also run World Cups and Championships in bobsleigh. This season was sponsored by Viessmann.
Calendar.
Below is the schedule of the 2012–13 season
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36795532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795532" title="Sri Satyanarayan Seva Mandir">
Sri Satyanarayan Seva Mandir

Sri Satyanarayan Seva Mandir, was established in 1943 at the birthplace of the Hindu sage Sri Ram Thakur in Dingamanik, Bangladesh This hermitage is dedicated to Ram Thakur. There is a memorial to his brother Lakshman Thakur and his follower Chirag Ali. The family of Chirag Ali are still involved in running the Ashram.

</doc>
<doc id="36795534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795534" title="Your Body (Christina Aguilera song)">
Your Body (Christina Aguilera song)

"Your Body" is a song by American recording artist Christina Aguilera from her seventh studio album, "Lotus" (2012). It was written by Savan Kotecha, Max Martin, Shellback and Tiffany Amber, while its production was done by Martin and Shellback. RCA Records premiered the song on September 14, 2012 on "On Air with Ryan Seacrest", and later sent it to US contemporary hit and rhythmic radio stations two days later as the lead single from "Lotus". "Your Body" is a dance, electropop and R&B number with elements from dubstep and Eurodance. Its lyrics express Aguilera's desire of having sex with an anonymous partner.
Critical response to "Your Body" was mixed to positive: some of them praised Aguilera's vocals while the others criticized its lyrical theme and the synthesizers used in the track. The single achieved moderate success on charts; in the United States, it peaked at number 34 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 with first-week sales of 103,000 copies, as well as topping the Hot Dance Club Songs. Internationally, the song peaked at number 10 on the Canadian Hot 100 and charted within the top forty charts of several countries, including Germany, New Zealand, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
An accompanying music video for "Your Body" was released on September 28, 2012. Directed by Melina Matsoukas and shot in Los Angeles, California, the video portrays Aguilera as a woman who kills men after seducing them. It was met with generally positive reviews from critics, who described it as one of Aguilera's best music videos. On November 2, 2012, Aguilera performed "Your Body" on the "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" with Jimmy Fallon and The Roots.
Background.
In December 2011, it was announced that Aguilera was teaming up with Swedish hit producer Max Martin on her comeback single for her then upcoming album. On July 3, 2012, "Billboard" reported that the "club banger" would be officially produced by Martin. Writing for the same publication, Andrew Hampp thought that their collaboration was very "surprising" because Martin had been working with a lot of artists, including Backstreet Boys, 'N Sync, and Britney Spears; however, "Your Body" was their first work together. During an interview with the magazine, she commented on the Swedish producer, "Max is legendary in the business. He's known about me but we haven't crossed paths... It's taken us a decade in the same business and watching each other from a distance, so for us to now come together and respect each other's work ethic and how we like to be heard and making a marriage out of it, I think "Your Body" is the best culmination of that".
Release and artwork.
Prior to its official release, an uncensored demo version of "Your Body" was leaked to the web on August 23, 2012, entitled "Fuck Your Body", where she sings "All I wanna do is fuck your body" in the chorus. On September 12, 2012, Aguilera revealed details about "Lotus" and "Your Body" via Twitter, including the cover artwork. RCA Records premiered the song on "On Air with Ryan Seacrest" on September 14, 2012. Two days later, the single was serviced to contemporary hit rhythmic radio stations in the United States. "Your Body" was available via iTunes Stores worldwide for digital download on September 17, 2012. It was also digitally release in the United Kingdom on November 2, 2012; three remixes of the track was purchased for on-line sales the same day. The CD single version for "Your Body" was released in Germany and the United States on November 9 and November 27, respectively.
The single's cover artwork sees Aguilera "nearly" naked, wrapping in a "sheer blush-colored" piece of fabric and barley covering her breasts with her long flowing hair, while her arms are outstretched over her head. It also features Aguilera's "all curves"; TJ from "Neon Limelight" called the cover "sizzling" and wrote that it features her "bodacious curves on full display". Rebecca Macatee of E! Online labelled the artwork "an R-rated recreation" of "Genie in a Bottle". MTV Buzzworthy's Byron Flitsch praised the cover, calling it "a stunning cover art that has rendered us totally speechless". Fuse's Nicole James and Andrew Stout from "SF Weekly" compared Aguilera's image on the artwork to that of Marilyn Monroe, on the photo shoot "The Last Sitting".
Composition and lyrical interpretation.
"Your Body" is a midtempo dance, electropop and R&B number, with dubstep and Eurodance influences. The song features heavy synthesizers, "stuttering" drums, and "hard-hitting" beats. According to Gregory Hicks from "The Michigan Daily", "Your Body" is musically similar to Jessie J's 2011 song "Abracadabra". Chris Martins from "Spin" commented that the song "has a mellow thrust that hits muted transcendence for the chorus before dipping back down into that bummer bump". The chorus and the bridge features Aguilera's "powerful" vocals, provided by heavy synthesizers over a "booming" Eurodance beat. "Entertainment Weekly" reviewer Melissa Maerz noted that Aguilera's vocals are provided by too much synthesizers. Gregory Hicks of "The Michigan Daily" compared her "synthesized" voice on the song to those in Maroon 5's "One More Night", which was also produced by Martin.
In "Your Body", Aguilera sings of having a one-night stand with a random man. In the first verse, she "angrily" purrs, "So open the box, don't need no key, I'm unlocked". Synthesizers and "stuttering" drums are featured at the pre-chorus, "Don't even tell me your name/ All I need to know is whose place/ And let's get walking". Chris Martins of "Spin" commented that the lyrics actually means, "The economy is in the tank, congress can't agree on anything, war and natural disasters consume us ... so, what else can we do but make love?" At the second verse, she tells her lover, "I am a freak, I'm disturbed/ So come on and give me your worst/ We're moving faster than slow/ If you don't know where to go/ I'll finish off on my own". The four-on-the-floor refrain has Aguilera "flaunting her famous pipes" on the chorus, "All I wanna do is love your body/ Tonight's your lucky night, I know you want it". In a track-by-track review for "Lotus", "Billboard" critic Andrew Hampp thought that the song "doesn't peak" until Aguilera "growls", "I think you already know my name" at the bridge. According to Jason Lipshutz from "Billboard" and Robert Cospey of Digital Spy, the lyrics of "Your Body" are similar to Aguilera's previous single "Dirrty" (2002).
Critical reception.
"Your Body" garnered mixed to positive reviews from music critics. In a positive feedback, a reviewer from "Billboard" gave it a score of 82 out of 100 and wrote that "it's clear the diva is going for broke". Writing for Digital Spy, Robert Cospey scored the single a four stars out of five rating and labelled it one of Aguilera's best tracks. Jon Caramanica from "The New York Times" picked the song as one of the stand-out songs from "Lotus" that highlighted Aguilera's "volcanic" vocals, naming it "sweaty and bold". Mikeal Wood from the "Los Angeles Times" praised "Your Body"'s musical diversity from her previous 2010 record "Bionic" and complimented Aguilera's "powerhouse" vocals on the track. Sarah Deen for "Metro" praised the single as "a funky, thumping dance number that is one for the girls to dance around their handbags to".
Alexis L. Loinaz from E! Online also provided a positive review, stating that the song "promises to be a major dance-floor stomper, laying on the synths atop a thumping bass line as the power belter's potent vocals pile on the decibels". In a mixed review, Melissa Maerz from "Entertainment Weekly" gave it a "C" score; she praised Aguilera's vocals, which "reaches high enough to dust the angels with bronzer". However, Maerz criticized the overused synthesizers in the track, commenting that "she could be anyone". "Rolling Stone" critic Jody Rosen gave the track a two out of five stars rating, calling it as a "sluggish" and "nearly hookless". Gregory Hicks for "The Michigan Daily" criticized that the song's lyrics "aren't even worth a discussion"; he also criticized the synthesizers used in the song and commented that "even Aguilera's flop "Bionic" had more musical complexity". Writing for "The Guardian", Issy Sampson also criticized its "cheesy" lyrical theme.
Commercial performance.
"Your Body" debuted and peaked at number 34 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on the chart issue dated September 27, 2012 with 103,000 digital copies sold. The song debuted at number ten on the Hot Digital Songs, becoming Aguilera's first top-ten song on the chart as the lead artist since "Keeps Gettin' Better" peaked at number 5 in 2008. On the US Pop Songs chart, the track debuted at number 33 on September 29, 2012, and later reached its peak at number 20. "Your Body" was commercially success on the Hot Dance Club Songs, reaching atop the chart on December 8, 2012. The single also peaked at number ten on the Canadian Hot 100 on November 24, 2012. For the issue chart dated November 17, 2012, the single debuted and peaked at number 16 on the UK Singles Chart, and only remained in the top 75 of the chart for two weeks.
"Your Body" only managed to reach the top forty charts of most European countries where it charted. It and peaked at number 16 in Scotland, number 17 in Sweden, number 21 in Finland, number 22 in Switzerland and Spain, number 23 in Hungary, number 29 in Germany, and number 35 in Denmark. On The Official Lebanese Top 20 chart, the single was more successful, peaking at number six. It achieved similar success in South Korea, where it charted at number six on the Gaon International Download Chart.
Music video.
Background and concept.
The music video for the song directed by Melina Matsoukas was filmed between August 20 and August 21, 2012 in Los Angeles. A cut from the video premiered on NBC's "The Voice" on September 17. A video teaser was released on Aguilera's YouTube channel on September 17, 2012. The official music video premiered on Vevo on September 28, 2012. Aguilera commented about the collaboration with Matsoukas, "Once we started talking with each other and she heard 'Your Body,' she spun it in a way that you wouldn't expect at all. And I get to play this character that, yeah, she may be a little bit of a badass, she's very confident, self-assured, but she's super playful and super tongue-in-cheek. She laughs the whole way through the video. She's watching cartoons, and you know she doesn't take herself too seriously."
The video starts with a warning saying "no men were harmed in the making of this video". In the clip, Aguilera plays a killer who kills men after seducing them. She goes on a ride with the first man, seduces him then blows up his car in electric-pink flames. Next, she goes to a bar and seduces the second man in a bathroom stall, where she bludgeons him to death, leaving spatters of blue paint dripping from the walls. Finally, she uses a bat to kill the last man, "showering the room in a mist of red confetti". The video features several cultural influences, including the old NES Advantage, the psychic site Oranum.com, and short films featuring American actress Lucille Ball.
Reception.
The video received positive reviews from media outlets. James Montgomery from MTV News commented that the video is "grisly and garish, but also incredibly clever and visually arresting". T. Kyle writing for MTV Buzzworthy gave the video a positive feedback, writing "Christina manages to be fun and provocative, the styling is beautiful and even aspirational, and Legendtina's body looks amazing". Sam Lansky from Idolator website complimented Aguilera's "charming sense of humor" and deemed "Your Body" as one of Aguilera's best music videos. Writing for "Billboard", Jason Lipshut noted the video seemed to be inspired by the unending stream of violence on TV, but felt that Aguilera's clothing style in the video was the standout part. In a review of the video for Yahoo! Music, Lyndsey Park complimented the cultural references in the video, writing that "it's enough to make even Seth MacFarlane or Dennis Miller's heads spin. And yet, somehow, it's all so very, very Xtina". Marc Hogan of "Spin" wrote that "It might take us a few more viewings to get the joke, but at least there's enough amazing absurdity going on to make that prospect sound entertaining". On December 4, 2012, Fuse announced that "Your Body" was the number one video of 2012, based on online voting.
Live performance.
On November 2, 2012, Aguilera performed "Your Body" on the "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" with Jimmy Fallon and The Roots, using office supplies as instruments including an iPhone and a stapler.

</doc>
<doc id="36795535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795535" title="2012–13 FIS Snowboard World Cup">
2012–13 FIS Snowboard World Cup

The 2012–13 FIS Snowboard World Cup was a multi race tournament over a season for snowboarding. The season started on 28 August 2012 and ended on 27 March 2013. The World Cup was organised by the FIS which also runs world cups and championships in alpine skiing, cross-country skiing, ski jumping, nordic combined and freestyle skiing. The FIS Snowboarding World Cup consisted of the parallel slalom, snowboard cross and the halfpipe. The men's side of the world cup also consisted of a big air competition.
Standings.
"source:"

</doc>
<doc id="36795539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795539" title="Sandro Donati">
Sandro Donati

Sandro Donati (Monte Porzio Catone, June 14, 1947) is a former Italian athletics coach, currently a consultant for World Anti-Doping Agency.
Biography.
He is mostly known for his battle against doping in athletics, soccer and cycling and for denouncing Italian scandals athletics occurred in the mid-1980s.
He coached the Italy national athletics sprint team from 1977 to 1987, but was dismissed after denouncing the jump rigged by Giovanni Evangelisti at the 1987 World Championships in Athletics held in Rome. Author of several books about doping, he was Head of Research and Experimentation of Italian National Olympic Committee from 1990 to 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36795544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795544" title="Alessandro Donati">
Alessandro Donati

Alessandro Donati (born May 8, 1979 in Atri, Abruzzo) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer, currently riding for UCI Professional Continental team .

</doc>
<doc id="36795564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795564" title="King Youmiu">
King Youmiu

King Youmiu of Zhao (Traditional Chinese: 趙幽繆王) (reigned 235 BCE – 228 BCE) was the penultimate ruler of the state of Zhao during the waning days of the Warring Kingdoms period of China, although his successor King Dai only presided over a rump state in Zhao's far north.
The younger son of King Daoxiang of Zhao, Zhao Qian was nevertheless able to succeed before his elder brother Zhao Jia due to his mother Chang Hou's intervention. He inherited a country that was in danger of being eclipsed by the Qin state, as it had been ever since the defeat at Changping in 260 BCE.
The state of Zhao, however, was able to survive thanks to the services of General Li Mu, who successfully repelled Qin attempts at exploiting the situation. The Qin devised a scheme to get rid of him; through bribing a close confidante of King Youmiu, the courtier Guo Kai (郭開), Li Mu was arrested and executed on suspicion of treason.
Without Li Mu, Zhao's defenses were unable to resist the might of Qin. In 228 BCE, Qin forces under the leadership of Wang Jian captured the Zhao capital of Handan. Zhao Youmiu surrendered and was then exiled to Fangling (northwestern Hubei).

</doc>
<doc id="36795568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795568" title="RC Aachen">
RC Aachen

The RC Aachen is a German rugby union club from Aachen, North Rhine-Westphalia, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga, having won promotion to the league for the first time in 2012.
History.
The club was formed in 1980 and has made occasional appearances in the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga South/West, the second tier of the German league system, playing at this level in 2000–01, 2006–07 and again in 2011–12. In between the club played in the tier three Rugby-Regionalliga North Rhine-Westphalia until becoming a founding member of the 3rd Liga South/West in 2010. The team finished the 2011–12 season on a relegation rank in the 2nd Bundesliga but, courtesy to an expansion of the Rugby-Bundesliga from ten to 24 teams, was instead promoted to the first tier of German rugby, the Bundesliga. RCA finished sixth in their group in the 2012-13 season and failed to qualify for the championship round, instead entering the second tier DRV-Pokal, where it came fifth in the south/west division. The club advanced to the quarter finals of the play-offs after opponend USV Potsdam Rugby canceled their first round play-off game.
Former German captain Mustafa Güngör hails from Aachen and began his rugby career at the club in 1990. RCA finished sixth in their group in the 2012-13 season and failed to qualify for the championship round, instead entering the second tier DRV-Pokal, where it came fifth in the south/west division. The club advanced to the quarter finals of the play-offs where it was knocked out by TSV Handschuhsheim after a 0—107 defeat.
The club once more qualified for the play-offs to the DRV-Pokal in 2013–14, where it lost to Heidelberger TV in the semi finals of the play offs.
Recent seasons.
Recent seasons of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="36795623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795623" title="Jaroslav Moučka">
Jaroslav Moučka

Jaroslav Moučka (9 November 1923 in Studená - 26 December 2009 in Prague) was a Czech actor. He performed in more than eighty films between 1954 and 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36795640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795640" title="California Historical Landmarks in San Joaquin County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in San Joaquin County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the California Historical Landmark listing in San Joaquin County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="36795648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795648" title="List of U.S. place names of Czech origin">
List of U.S. place names of Czech origin

Several dozen place names in the United States have names of Czech origin, most a legacy of Czech immigration to the United States. Others were named after Americans of Czech ancestry, such as the Bohemian explorer Augustine Herman and Chicago's mayor Anton Cermak. Many places which were settled by Czech immigrants named their towns after the cities they had immigrated from in what was then Bohemia and Moravia, regions that are now located in the Czech Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="36795663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795663" title="Gáty'">
Gáty'

Hát' (, ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. It is located approximately northwest of Berehove, and southwest of Mukachevo. Administratively, the village belongs to the Berehove Raion, Zakarpattia Oblast. Historically, the village was first mentioned as Gath in 1374.
Population.
In 1921, the village had a population of 1,967, mostly Hungarians. , the population includes 3,150 inhabitants, of which 3,050 (~96,8 percent) are Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="36795664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795664" title="Walterdale, Edmonton">
Walterdale, Edmonton

Walterdale is a former industrial and residential neighbourhood in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada within the North Saskatchewan River valley. It is located on the south shore of the river in an area now occupied by Kinsmen Park within a river valley neighbourhood named River Valley Walterdale.
Archaeology.
The preparation work for a reconstruction of the Walterdale Bridge in 2012 revealed evidence of human habitation in the area going back 1,000 years including stone artifacts, butchered animal bones, and evidence of plant use in association with a defined hearth feature.
History.
The neighbourhood was named for John Walter who, in 1875, was the first person to construct a house on the south side of the river opposite of Fort Edmonton, and later became a prominent businessman and local politician. With the numerous businesses he established in the area, the Walterdale neighbourhood eventually built up around his original residence in part of what eventually became Strathcona. Originally known as South Edmonton, Strathcona incorporated as a town in 1899, later incorporating as a city in 1907 and subsequently amalgamating with the City of Edmonton in 1912. The North Saskatchewan River flooded in 1915 destroying much of John Walter's assets.

</doc>
<doc id="36795665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795665" title="Kissi Tongi Chiefdom">
Kissi Tongi Chiefdom

Kissi Tongi Chiefdom is a chiefdom in Kailahun District of Sierra Leone with a population of 33,457. Its principal town is Buedu. During the Sierra Leone Civil War the Kissi Tongi Chiefdom was one of the major strongholds of the Revolutionary United Front (RUF). The War Office of the RUF was opened in Buedu in February 1998, and Kissi Tongi was one of the last chiefdoms to be disamred in January 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36795681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795681" title="Keitani Graham">
Keitani Graham

Keitani Graham (February 1, 1980 — December 6, 2012) was a Micronesian Greco-Roman wrestler. He competed in the Greco-Roman 84 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the qualifications by Chas Betts.
Graham was born in Kealakekua, Hawaii and attended Punahou School in Honolulu and College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Massachusetts. He died in Chuuk at the age of 32 after suffering a heart attack.
Achievements.
Graham also competed successfully in combined events in track and field athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="36795684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795684" title="Guy Van Waas">
Guy Van Waas

Guy Van Waas (Brussels, 1948) is a Belgian conductor, clarinetist and organist.
He was clarinetist of the Orchestre des Champs-Élysées, Akademie für Alte Musik Berlin and the Orchestra of the Eighteenth Century. Since 2001 he is director of Les Agrémens, a baroque orchestra sponsored by the Communauté française de Belgique and conductor of the Choeur de Chambre de Namur. He is also professor of chamber music at the Conservatoire of Mons.

</doc>
<doc id="36795718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795718" title="Small Town Pistols">
Small Town Pistols

Small Town Pistols is a Canadian country music duo composed of Amanda and Tyler Wilkinson, formerly of The Wilkinsons. 
The two siblings were each pursuing individual solo careers when they both went through difficult break-ups. That led them to start writing music together again with an eye towards pitching songs to other artists including Lady Antebellum. On listening to their new material they decided to perform it themselves. While they did discuss using the Wilkinson name for their new material, they decided to use a fresh name. The name Small Town Pistols is a reference to their having been "raised in a small town of like 14,000 people" while the Pistols is a reference to their grandmother Ida.
Their self-titled debut album was released by 604 Records on February 19, 2013. Its second single, "Living on the Outside," debuted on the Canadian Hot 100 in January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36795723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795723" title="Chœur de chambre de Namur">
Chœur de chambre de Namur

The Choeur de Chambre de Namur (founded 1987) is a choir based in Namur, which is sponsored by the Communauté française de Belgique. Since 2010 the artistic director is Leonardo García Alarcón and conductor of the instrumental ensemble is Guy Van Waas.
The choir has worked with many visiting conductors: Eric Ericson, Marc Minkowski, Pierre Cao, Jean-Claude Malgoire, Simon Halsey, Sigiswald Kuijken, Jean Tubéry, :fr:Pierre Bartholomée, :fr:Patrick Davin, Roy Goodman, Michael Schneider (conductor), :fr:Philippe Pierlot, Philippe Herreweghe, Peter Phillips (conductor), Jordi Savall, Christophe Rousset, and Eduardo López Banzo. 
The choir has a baroque instrumental ensemble, Les Agrémens which works exclusively in session under the direction of invited conductors or the current chief conductor Guy Van Waas.

</doc>
<doc id="36795735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795735" title="Kamarajapuram">
Kamarajapuram

Kamarajapuram (Tamil: காமராஜபுரம்) is a suburban area of Chennai to the south of the city, near East Tambaram in Tamil Nadu, India. Its post code is 600 073

</doc>
<doc id="36795764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795764" title="Vary">
Vary

Vary (, ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. It is located around southeast of Berehove at the confluence of the rivers Tisza and Borzsova, not far from the Ukrainian-Hungarian border. Administratively, the village belongs to the Berehove Raion, Zakarpattia Oblast. Historically, the name originates from the Hungarian word vár meaning castle. The village was first mentioned as Vári in 1320 and was previously known as Borsovavára.
Population.
In 1921, the village had a population of 2,625, mostly Hungarians. , the population includes 3,302 inhabitants, of which 3008 are Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="36795765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795765" title="Andrzej Sypytkowski">
Andrzej Sypytkowski

Andrzej Sypytkowski (born 14 October 1963 in Korsze) is a Polish racing cyclist. He won the silver medal in the team time trial at the 1988 Summer Olympics and finished 6th in the road race at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36795785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795785" title="Karachi Central District">
Karachi Central District

Karachi Central District ( ) is an administrative district of Karachi Division in Sindh, Pakistan. It is located in the central part of Karachi.
The District was abolished in 2000 and divided into four towns namely Liaquatabad Town, North Nazimabad Town, Gulberg Town and New Karachi Town. 
On 11 July 2011 Sindh Government restored again Karachi Central District. Urdu speaking Muhajirs form majority of the district followed by Punjabis, Biharis, Sindhis, Gujaratis, Rajasthanis, Gilgiti and Pashtun. 

</doc>
<doc id="36795810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795810" title="Velyki Berehy">
Velyki Berehy

Veliki Berehi or Velyki Berehy (, ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. It is located around northeast of Berehove, on the right bank of the rivulet Borzsova, and on the eastern side of the loch Szernye. Administratively, the village belongs to the Berehove Raion, Zakarpattia Oblast. Historically, the name originates in the Hungarian berek and was first mentioned as Beregu.
Population.
In 1910, it had a population of 2,133, mostly Hungarians. , the population includes 2,674 inhabitants, of which 2,240 (80 percent) are Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="36795817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795817" title="Aleksandr Kirichenko">
Aleksandr Kirichenko

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Kirichenko (born 13 August 1967 in Kiev) is a Ukrainian track cyclist. He won the gold medal in the individual 1000 metres track time trial at the 1988 Summer Olympics, competing for the Soviet Union.

</doc>
<doc id="36795834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795834" title="M-Cumenyl methylcarbamate">
M-Cumenyl methylcarbamate

"m"-Cumenyl methylcarbamate is an insecticide used on cotton, fruit, vegetable and field crops. As of 1998, the Environmental Protection Agency listed it as an unregistered pesticide in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36795862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795862" title="Porgy &amp; Bess (Mundell Lowe album)">
Porgy &amp; Bess (Mundell Lowe album)

Porgy & Bess is an album by American jazz guitarist Mundell Lowe and his All Stars featuring their interpretations of the George Gershwin folk opera Porgy and Bess recorded in 1958 for the RCA Camden label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating, "Lowe's arrangements are colorful and swinging, doing justice to the music while turning the familiar themes into jazz".
Track listing.
"All compositions by George Gershwin" 

</doc>
<doc id="36795882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795882" title="M Abdurahman Salafi">
M Abdurahman Salafi

Prof. M Abdurhman Salfi is an Islamic scholar, a famous orator, he is the director of Jamia Nadwiyya Edavanna, and the syndicate members of university of calicut
References.
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/tp-kerala/article2700295.ece?
http://www.universityofcalicut.info/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=379&Itemid=304
http://www.rtbot.net/abdurahman_salafi
http://jamianadwiyya.org/

</doc>
<doc id="36795893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795893" title="Badalovo">
Badalovo

Badalovo (, ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. It is located on the river bank of Tisza, not far from the Ukrainian-Hungarian border. Administratively, the village belongs to the Berehove Raion, Zakarpattia Oblast. The village was first mentioned as Bodolou in 1226.
Population.
In 2002, the population included 1714 inhabitants, of whom 1682 are Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="36795947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795947" title="David Wilson (barrister)">
David Wilson (barrister)

David Wilson (26 December 1879 – January 1965) was an Australian barrister, King's Counsel/Queen's Counsel and company director. He was the owner of the New South Wales rural property Tocal and a furniture maker of distinction.
Early life.
Wilson was born in Sydney, the first of four sons of William Joshua Wilson (1843–1899) and Jessie Elizabeth (née Shepherd). 
On his birth Wilson was a child of independent means as in 1865 his grandfather, Felix Wilson, had died and willed by entail Tocal to his unborn grandson. His younger brothers were William Hardy Wilson (1881–1955), Lindsay Wilson (born 1883) and Robert Shepherd Wilson (1886–1954). He was educated at Newington College commencing in 1891 and sat and passed the Junior Examination in 1895 and the Senior in 1897. In both exams he was awarded the medal for best pass in the state in English. In 1896 he won one of four Wigram Allen Scholarships, endowed by Sir George Wigram Allen. He was a Prefect in 1896 and 1897, a member of the 1st XI cricket in the same years, and a member of the rifle shooting team in 1897. Wilson went up to the University of Sydney in 1898 and graduated B.A. in 1901 and M.A. in 1903 and gained his LL.B. degree in 1906. In 1907, whilst studying abroad, Wilson sold Tocal and decided to pursue a career in the law.
Marriage and family.
On 10 April 1906, Wilson married Marcia Budge, daughter of Alex Budge of "Rathgael" Croydon. Their only daughter, Marcie Elizabeth Wilson (1907–1995) known as Betty, married Warwick Oswald Fairfax (1901–1987) in 1928 and had issue: Caroline Simpson (1930–2003) and James Fairfax (born 1933). After divorcing Fairfax, Betty married Commandant Pierre Gilly in 1946 and had one son, Edward Gilly (1948–2005). Following her second divorce, Betty returned to being known as Betty Fairfax and with her three children remained close to David Wilson.
Legal career.
Following graduation, Wilson was admitted to the Bar of New South Wales in 1906. He took silk in 1946 after many years of distinguished equity practice in Sydney.
Company director.
In 1935, Wilson was appointed a director of the Colonial Sugar Refining Company and remained on the board until 1953. He was a member of the New South Wales board of The Trustees Executors and Agency Company from 1947.
Furniture maker.
At the age of 35, Wilson suffered from a mysterious and severe throat condition. His medical advisors told him not to speak for six months and to wrap a handkerchief over his mouth. To occupy himself during this period whilst not working, Wilson took to making furniture. The furniture made was to designs of his brother Hardy Wilson and many of the working drawing are held by the National Library of Australia. His throat recovered fully but he continued to make furniture having taken lessons from a carpenter and found a new hobby. Twenty pieces of his furniture, made between 1914 and 1925, and are all held in private collections. The June 1926 issue of Art in Australia illustrate five examples of his work and nine photographs and measurements are held by the National Library. Wilson, and his brother, decided that all pieces would be made in solid Australian timbers and not to use veneers.

</doc>
<doc id="36795964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795964" title="JuriNet">
JuriNet

JuriNet Ltd is a syndicate of law offices and business partners in Finland and worldwide and one of the biggest Finnish B2B service provider to offer law firms a customer-oriented marketing and information channel.
JuriNet.
JuriNet Ltd was established in Tampere in 2011 as a marketing entity of 13 Finnish law offices and as the first one of its kind in Tampere Region. In spring 2012 company started to expand abroad and it has developed into a growing network of 100 lawyers and business professionals from Finland and abroad.
JuriNet Network.
JuriNet Ltd is a head of the network JuriNet which has been built on principles of professional services networks. The network is working under umbrella organizational structure. In each country where JuriNet is going to expand, one JuriNet representative company is situated who creates the network of law firms and business partners. Those network members subsequently cooperate on solving specific law cases, preserving their economic and legal independence. JuriNet Ltd manages the network, provides corporate marketing and evaluates fulfilling membership requirements by the law firms and business partners.
Nowadays JuriNet Ltd roofs 12 law offices and 6 business partners in Finland and 11 partners in countries India, P.R.China, Japan, South Korea, Russian Federation (August 2012).
JuriNet Ltd. was awarded the recognition of Fair Employer by The Association of Finnish Lawyers.

</doc>
<doc id="36795967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795967" title="Lissette Antes">
Lissette Antes

Lissette Alexandra Antes Castillo (born 2 May 1991 in La Libertad) is an Ecuadorian freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she defeated Olga Butkevych in the 1/8 finals and was eliminated by Jackeline Rentería in the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36795976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795976" title="Devil's Gate (novel)">
Devil's Gate (novel)

"Devil's Gate" is an adventure novel in author Clive Cussler's The NUMA Files. Co-written with Graham Brown, this installment is the ninth of that series which features the main character Kurt Austin. The story follows employees of NUMA (National Underwater and Marine Agency) who discover someone is developing a directed-energy weapon and thwart the dictator of Sierre Leone, Djemma Garand, and the mercenary group led by Andras the Knife before they are able to use the weapon. The hardcover edition was released November 14, 2011, it was subsequently released as a paperback, audiobook and ebook. It appeared on several best-seller lists and was describe by reviewers as being suitable for fans of Cussler and action-adventure stories.
Background.
This is the first collaboration between authors Clive Cussler and Graham Brown. This novel is the ninth in The NUMA (National Underwater and Marine Agency) Files series, following 2009's " Medusa". Cussler writes several novel series and in 2011, with co-authors, he added to several series in addition to adding Devil's Gate to The NUMA Files, including "The Jungle" to the The Oregon Files, "The Race" to the Isaac Bell Adventures, and "The Kingdom" to the Fargo Adventures.
Plot.
Kurt Austin and Joe Zavala aboard the NUMA ship "Argo" renders assistance to the cargo ship "Kinjara Maru" which has been attacked on the Atlantic ocean. Rescuing a sole survivor, they continue on to the Azores where they participate in a race of submersibles and discover a field of wrecked ships and planes which appear to have been drawn towards a magnetic, superconducting pillar. This discovery attracts scientists from around the world and NUMA is asked to regulate access to the underwater site.
With Paul and Gamay Trout investigating "Kinjara Maru" wreckage, Austin and the Russian scientist Katarina Luskaya being attacked, and NUMA director Dirk Pitt following up on leads in the United States, they begin to suspect that someone is building a directed-energy weapon and the magnetic pillar is a hoax. The scientists are kidnapped by a mercenary named Andras the Knife and delivered to Sierre Leone dictator Djemma Garand who forces them to work on the weapon.
Over the next couple weeks, Garand begins nationalizing industries and ceases international loan repayments. Austin and Zavala discover the location of Andras's ship and sneak Austin aboard. After Russian intelligence informs American officials of an impending attack by Garand on Washington, D.C., the US Navy begin an attack on Garand's super-weapon they had traced to an off-shore platform with Paul and Gamay Trout sabotaging its foundation via a submersible. Aboard the mercenary ship Austin rescues Luskaya, sabotages the ship's weapon system, and kills Andras.
Style and genre.
"Devil's Gate" is the ninth novel in The NUMA Files series. This series features protagonist Kurt Austin, as well as supporting characters who work for the National Underwater and Marine Agency, an American organization dedicated to exploring the ocean. The series exists in the same fictional universe as the Dirk Pitt Adventures series. The series are adventure novels which use thriller and action elements. "Devil's Gate" was compared to a James Bond story for the use of "high-stake thrills and hair-raising stakes" and "an attractive Russian scientist...who becomes both love interest and hostage".
Publication and reception.
The novel was published by the Penguin Group imprint Putnam as a hardcover released in the United States on November 14, 2011, and then as a paperback in November 2012. An ebook version and a 12.5 hour audiobook were also released in 2011. The audiobook is narrated by Scott Brick. The hardcover edition of novel peaked at #12 on the "USA Today" list of top-selling books on November 24, 2011 while the paperback version reached #49 on the same list a year later. On the "Publishers Weekly" best-selling lists, it peaked at #7 on the hardcover fiction list and #4 on the mass market paperback list. The novel also peaked at #5 on "The New York Times" Best Seller fiction list and #4 on Canada's "The Globe and Mail" best-sellers paperback fiction list.
The review published in the "Library Journal" recommended it for devotees of Cussler and for fans of underwater adventures. The "Publishers Weekly" review recommended it for "thriller fans who aren't too picky about credibility". Likewise, the reviewer for "The Oklahoman" wrote "If you crave continuous thrills, worldwide plots and the sometimes improbable but always possible...novel has it for you." Writing for the Associated Press, another reviewer stated it "delivers the thrills and excitement that readers expect from a Clive Cussler novel. The NUMA Files series has been hit-and-miss, but this is one of the best...The villains are a bit shallow, but the heroes more than make up for the thinness of the bad guys." The "Kirkus Review" concluded the novel is "vintage Cussler...just right for the armchair techie who likes his action nonstop and his characters uncomplicated. Nuance-seekers look elsewhere."

</doc>
<doc id="36795982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795982" title="Halabor">
Halabor

Halabor (, ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.
Geography.
The village is located south of Berehove across the river from the Hungarian village of Szatmárcseke. The village is administered as part of the Berehove Raion, Zakarpattia Oblast.
History.
The name origanates from the word Hrábr. It was first mentioned as Harabur in 1300.
Population.
In 1910, it had a population of 508, mostly Hungarians. Now the population is 640 inhabitants, of which 630 (98 per cent) are Hungarians.

</doc>
<doc id="36795984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36795984" title="Jonathan Levi">
Jonathan Levi

Jonathan Levi (born 1955, New York City) is an American writer and producer.
Biography.
Following graduation from Yale University in 1977, Levi received a Mellon Fellowship to study at Clare College, Cambridge University, where he co‑founded the literary magazine "Granta" with Bill Buford and Pete de Bolla and served as U.S. Editor through 1987. 
After leaving "Granta", Levi created the program "New Opera for New Ears" for the Metropolitan Opera Guild, producing Carly Simon's opera, "" (1991), directed by Francesca Zambello at the Metropolitan Opera Guild and the Kennedy Center. 
Levi’s 1992, "A Guide for the Perplexed" is a novel in the form of a traveler’s guide in the form of letters to a mysterious, seemingly ubiquitous travel agent named Benjamin from two stranded but eventually satisfied customers, and was called "a fable of fantastical lushness, reminiscent of the best fairy tales" by the "New York Times". His short stories and articles have appeared in many magazines including "The International Herald Tribune", "Condé Nast Traveler", "GQ". Levi's "The Lori Berenson Papers", written with Peruvian journalist Liz Mineo for "The Nation" (September 4, 2000) was attacked by Berenson's lawyer, former Attorney General Ramsey Clark. From 1996-2001, Levi served as the Fiction Critic for the Los Angeles Times Book Review.
In 1997 Levi commissioned Poet Laureate Robert Pinsky and Director Robert Scanlan and produced an adaptation of Pinsky's translation of Dante’s "Inferno" with actors Bill Camp, Reg E. Cathey, Jack Willis and Leslie Beatty, with violinist Gil Morgenstern playing an original score written by Bruce Saylor. After premiering in New York, the production toured the United States including performances at Martin Luther King, Jr.'s Dexter Avenue Baptist Church and The Getty Center in Los Angeles.
In 2000 Harold O. Levy, the New York City Schools Chancellor, invited Levi to oversee Arts and Cultural Affairs, where he initiated a variety of programs to reinvigorate the arts, including a master class for School Superintendents with violinist Isaac Stern. In association with the Robin Hood Foundation, Levi initiated the Library Project to re-imagine and re-design the 600 elementary school libraries in New York City. 
In 2002, Levi became the first director of the Richard B. Fisher Center for the Performing Arts at Bard College, designed by Frank Gehry, and created the SummerScape Festival, where his premieres included work by Russian director Kama Ginkas, the Merce Cunningham Dance Company, Ballet Hispanico, and Elvis Costello.
In 2001 Levi’s first opera, "The Scrimshaw Violin", held its world premiere, with music by Bruce Saylor. It was the first project of the Nine Circles Chamber Theatre, which Levi founded with violinist Gil Morgenstern. Levi subsequently wrote two more operas for Nine Circles with composer Mel Marvin. "Guest from the Future" (2004), about the legendary 1945 meeting in Leningrad of poet Anna Akhmatova and philosopher Isaiah Berlin, premiered at the SummerScape Festival, directed by David Chambers. "Buwalsky: A Road Opera", based on an unfilmed scenario by Irma Achten, was commissioned by the Dutch Opera Spanga and directed by Corina van Eijk. Opera Spanga also commissioned Levi's "Stuyvesant Zero" with music by Dutch composer Caroline Ansink, which premiered on August 22, 2012.
Levi's 2009 drama "Falling Bodies", with music by Bruce Saylor, imagines a meeting between Galileo Galilei and Primo Levi and premiered at the Rustaveli National Theatre in Tbilisi, Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="36796009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796009" title="Alim Zankishiev">
Alim Zankishiev

Alim Zankishiev, also known as Emir Ubaidallah, was the leader of the Kabardino-Balkaria-Karachai wing of the Caucasus Emirate organisation in the Russian Republic of Kabardino-Balkaria.
An ethnic Balkar born in 1982, Zankishiev was placed on a Russian wanted list on 21 September 2006 for attacks on of law enforcement and illegal acquisition and possession of weapons. He also was accused by the Russian authorities in involvement in the killing of nine gamekeepers and hunters in November 2007 and the killing of Interior Ministry official Anatoly Kyarov in January 2008, and may have played a role in the 2005 Nalchik raid.
Much of the Jamaat’s then leadership was decimated by Russian security forces in March 2011, including emir Asker Dzhappuyev. On 9 September 2011, Dokku Umarov, Emir of the Caucasus Emirate promoted Zankishiev from commander of the Central (Nalchik) sector to overall emir of the armed forces of Vilayet KBK.
Zankishiev was killed after security forces stormed a private house in Nalchik on 27 March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36796039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796039" title="Marwa Amri">
Marwa Amri

Marwa Amri (born 8 January 1989 in Tunis) is a Tunisian freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she defeated Um Ji-Eun in the qualifications and was eliminated by Sofia Mattsson in the 1/8 finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36796050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796050" title="State Highway 20 (Tamil Nadu)">
State Highway 20 (Tamil Nadu)

State Highway 20 is a state highway connecting Erode and Thoppur in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It has a total length of . The road is maintained by funds received from the World Bank. It is used as an alternate route to Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri.

</doc>
<doc id="36796051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796051" title="Men's Malaysian Open Squash Championships 2012">
Men's Malaysian Open Squash Championships 2012

The Men's Malaysian Open Squash Championships 2012 is the men's edition of the 2012 Malaysian Open Squash Championships, which is a tournament of the PSA World Tour event International (Prize money : 50 000 $). The event took place in Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia from the 12 September to the 15 September. Tarek Momen won his first Malaysian Open trophy, beating Mohamed El Shorbagy in the final.
Prize money and ranking points.
For 2012, the prize purse was $ 50,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36796094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796094" title="Szatmárcseke">
Szatmárcseke

Szatmárcseke is a village in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.
Geography.
It lies at a distance of 94 km from
Nyíregyháza, 29 km from Vásárosnamény, 17 km from Fehérgyarmat, 18 km from Tiszabecs, and 11 km from Tiszacsécse.
History.
The first written mention of the village arose in 1181 as Cseke. This time it was a thriving village that owned a temple.

</doc>
<doc id="36796099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796099" title="RAF Deanland">
RAF Deanland

RAF Deanland is a former Royal Air Force advanced landing ground located west of Hailsham, East Sussex and north east of Brighton, East Sussex, England
History.
The airfield was heavily involved in the fight against the V-1 flying bomb's (with 185 destroyed) and during D-Day where it is believed to be home of the first Supermarine Spitfire squadron to provide air cover.
The landing ground was used by multiple units:
Current use.
In 2012 the airfield is still in use as a private airstrip.

</doc>
<doc id="36796102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796102" title="Paul Regina">
Paul Regina

Paul Regina (October 25, 1956 – January 31, 2006) was an American actor. Primarily known for his work on television, he made his debut in that medium on the series "Police Woman", starring Angie Dickinson. He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Cliff Waters in the series "Brothers". Other notable appearances include a recurring role in "L.A. Law", a regular role in the 1993 "The Untouchables" television series, and starring in the 1996 film "It's My Party".
Background.
Regina was born on October 25, 1956, in Brooklyn, New York. One of five children, his father, Paul Joseph Regina, was a tradesman; his mother, Irma (née Manjarrez), worked for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). He grew up in Medford, New York, and graduated from Patchogue-Medford High School in 1974. He married Nancy Dye, a teacher of one of his improv workshops, in 1990; they had a daughter, Nicolette.
After living in Hollywood for more than 20 years, he returned to Long Island in 1999.
Career.
Regina began working professionally on stage in an off-Broadway production of "The World of Sholom Alecheim" in 1976. He played Kenickie in a national touring company of the musical "Grease", and later appeared briefly in the Broadway production. He appeared in several additional plays in both Los Angeles and New York City throughout his career.
He began appearing on television in either 1976 or 1978 (sources disagree) in the series "Police Woman". He had starring roles in the television series "Joe & Valerie" from 1978 to 1979 with Char Fontane and "Zorro and Son" in 1983 with Henry Darrow. He was then cast as Cliff Waters, one of the first gay characters on television, in the Showtime series "Brothers", which ran for five years, from 1984 until 1989. In "Brothers", he starred alongside Robert Walden and Brandon Maggart as his two brothers, and Philip Charles MacKenzie as his gay best friend.
He appeared in several made-for-television movies and had guest appearances on a variety of television series. He also had a recurring role in six episodes of "L.A. Law" as attorney Felix Echeverria, from 1988 to 1992, and went on to appear in fifteen episodes of the 1993–1994 series "The Untouchables", playing Frank Nitti, one of Al Capone's top henchmen.
As a writer, he co-wrote the screenplay for the 2001 film "Marie" with its director, Fred Carpenter. He also penned the 2006 film "Eddie Monroe", co-writing the screenplay with Fred Carpenter, Craig Weintraub (writing as Craig Morris), and Thom Ross. He was one of three screenwriters (the others being Fred Carpenter and Joanne Tamburro) for "Just Like Joe", released in 2008. He collaborated again with Fred Carpenter and Joanne Tamburro on the story for the 2011 film "Jesse", released after his death.
Death.
Regina died on January 31, 2006, in Smithtown, New York, of liver cancer. He was survived by his wife, Nancy Dye, and daughter, Nicolette. He was also survived by his mother; a brother, Pat Regina; and three sisters, Joyce Regina, Julie Schindler, and Christina Alam.

</doc>
<doc id="36796110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796110" title="Vadzim">
Vadzim

Vadzim is a male given name which may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36796118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796118" title="Um Ji-eun">
Um Ji-eun

Um Ji-Eun (born 18 May 1987 in Incheon) is a South Korean freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the qualifications by Marwa Amri.

</doc>
<doc id="36796131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796131" title="Eternamente Tuya">
Eternamente Tuya

Eternamente Tuya (lit. "Eternally Yours", international title: Forever Yours) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Oscar Guarín and Azteca, starring Fernanda Romero and Kothan Fernandez with Andrés Palacios and antagonistic participation of Verónica Merchant.
Plot.
This is the story of two girls named Antonia and Sara. Antonia was a very enthusiastic child (wild child), although unwealthy,she was always happy and grew up with the love of their parents. Sara on the other hand was a poor child and after the death of her parents she was left to care for her aunty and uncle Humberto and Agueda. Both despite being so different were united by fate and became very good friends while they made a blood pact in which they promised each other to stay together forever. But Agatha, a woman of pride and bad feelings, also felt an immense hatred for Antonia, she tried to separate this pair of friends, sending Sara to study in a boarding school in Switzerland, who after her departure leaves the book "Romeo and Juliet " for Antonia. Antonia who is full of dreams hopes her best friend will someday find true love.
Over the years, Antonia and Sara turned 21 years if age. Antonia was in the town of San Nicolas expecting to meet her friend every evening near the road leading to San Nicolas, never imagining that one day she would live as a city woman, who worked in one of the most important oil company the country had. The people she met sang happily in the grass.One day, David approached Antonia, who ran away from him terrified.

</doc>
<doc id="36796134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796134" title="Digna Ketelaar">
Digna Ketelaar

Digna Ketelaar (born 13 August 1967) is a former Dutch tennis player. She won one ITF doubles title during her career and on 2 March 1987 reached a singles ranking high of world number 258. On 21 December 1986, Ketelaar reached a doubles ranking high of world number 174.
As a junior, Ketelaar became the 1984 French Open girls' doubles champion.

</doc>
<doc id="36796144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796144" title="Comparison of AMD CPU microarchitectures">
Comparison of AMD CPU microarchitectures

The following is a comparison of AMD x86 CPU architectures.

</doc>
<doc id="36796158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796158" title="Han Kum-ok">
Han Kum-ok

Han Kum-Ok (born 22 September 1987 in Pyongyang) is a North Korean freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the 1/8 finals by Jackeline Rentería.

</doc>
<doc id="36796159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796159" title="Women's Malaysian Open Squash Championships 2012">
Women's Malaysian Open Squash Championships 2012

The Women's Malaysian Open Squash Championships 2012 is the women's edition of the 2012 Malaysian Open Squash Championships, which is a tournament of the WSA World Series event Gold (Prize money : 70 000 $). The event took place in Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia from 12 to 15 September. Raneem El Weleily won her first Malaysian Open trophy, beating Nicol David in the final.
Prize money and ranking points.
For 2012, the prize purse was $ 70,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36796172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796172" title="Timothy Greene (disambiguation)">
Timothy Greene (disambiguation)

Timothy Greene is an actor and writer.
Timothy or Tim Greene may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36796181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796181" title="Karekin II (disambiguation)">
Karekin II (disambiguation)

Karekin II may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36796183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796183" title="1989 Copa del Rey Final">
1989 Copa del Rey Final

The Copa del Rey 1989 Final was the 78th final of the King's Cup. The final was played at Vicente Calderón Stadium in Madrid, on 30 June 1989, being won by Real Madrid C.F., who beat Real Valladolid 1–0.

</doc>
<doc id="36796197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796197" title="Fiber optic adapter">
Fiber optic adapter

A fiber optic adapter connects two fiber optic connectors in the fiber optic lines.

</doc>
<doc id="36796200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796200" title="Stefan Ortega">
Stefan Ortega

Stefan Ortega (born 6 November 1992) is a German footballer who plays for Arminia Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="36796202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796202" title="Delta Fraternity and Sorority International">
Delta Fraternity and Sorority International

Delta Fraternity and Sorority International - also known as Deltans 1961 or Delta International is founded on October 24, 1961 at the University of Santo Tomás, Sampaloc Manila, Philippines. It is registered in the Philippines under the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) No. CN20082662.
Mission.
It's a not-for-profit organization. The purpose of this fraternity and sorority is to assemble college students to develop leadership, "To Promote true Brotherhood and Sisterhood".
General Information.
The DELTA Fraternity & Sorority is a fraternal organization for college students that mainly lead its members to have the right mind-set in academic education in order to have a better future. Aside from attaining good scholastic record, this fraternal organization is also into humanitarian services especially to those who are in need and enhance the member’s social awareness to the society. But the most important definition of DELTA Fraternity & Sorority is Family.
In the late 60's many organizations roamed around the Philippines and one of them was DELTA International established on October 24, 1961 at the University of Santo Tomas. The founder was Emmanuel Uyguanco. Members are guided by the motto "To Open Doors for Good Government".
The Distinguish Symbol.
You will know a Deltan through a triangle burned on the back of his left hand with its edge pointing in between the middle and ring fingers. A person shall not be recognized as a Deltan without this mark.
Marking the symbol on his hand is one of the most important stages of a full pledge Deltan.
The Logo.
The logo of DELTA Fraternity & Sorority International symbolize the following:
Core Values.
D - Dignity
E - Equality
L - Loyalty
T - Trustworthy
A - Affable
Chapters.
Founding Chapter<br>
Alpha Chapter, University of Sto. Tomas (UST) - Manila, Philippines
Cebu
Bohol
Agusan del Norte
Agusan del Sur
Bukidnon
Butuan City
Cagayan de Oro City
Camiguin Province
Davao Region
Lanao del Norte
Lanao del Sur
Misamis Oriental
South Cotabato
Surigao del Norte
Surigao del Sur
Zamboanga del Sur
Zamboanga del Norte
Zamboanga Peninsula
Assemblies of Deltans.
Many Deltans around the world has gathered together to continue fellowship. In areas where Deltans migrated for work, they met regularly for get-together and occasions like anniversary. 
Countries where Deltans are located:
Some of the members also explore the world as Seafarers that sail seas to seas.
Conventions.
Annual convention was originally held every October. The schedule were days before the celebrated foundation day on October 24. Due to the occasions were very close, 2013 convention held in Buenavista, Agusan del Norte decided to move the convention 6 months away specifically on April to give enough time to focus the preparation of each occasion.

</doc>
<doc id="36796213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796213" title="Enrique Vollmer winery">
Enrique Vollmer winery

Bodega Enrique Vollmer is an Argentine vineyard in the Valle de Uco valley, located southwest of Mendoza, Argentina. Since 1987, the vineyard has been in the possession of the German winemaker Heinrich Vollmer, who also owns and runs a vineyard in Ellerstadt/Palatinate (region) since 1972.
History.
By the end of the 1980s, Vollmer found his second home, southwest from Mendoza, in the Valle de Uco valley. He acquired 300 acres of land. Today, the region alongside the river Tunuyán belongs to the top wine regions of Argentina. Since 1987, Vollmer has built up a modern wine-growing estate. The earnings of the vineyard have been reinvested in the Bodega. Ten indigenous families are employed on site. About 190 children, partially also from the environs, attend the on-premises school and receive lunch. 
Besides wine-growing, extreme mountaineering is Vollmer's passion and hobby. During a hiking tour at Nevado Huascarán in 1983, he had a severe accident. For about five days he lay on the ice, until two Peruvians rescued him. In Germany he was considered missing and soon pronounced dead. Upon returning home, and out of gratitude for his rescue, Vollmer decided to do something for the indigenous people, who are discriminated against in their own country. 
The rescue of an Argentine soldier at mountain Aconcagua in 1986 unexpectedly offered him the opportunity to acquire land and create jobs. The winegrower spends four to six months annually on his Bodega. The wines of Bodega Enrique Vollmer can be recognized by a star on every label, symbol for the Venus, which shows up every evening above the Andes.
Region.
The Valle de Uco valley in the Southwest of Argentina offers a good climate, mineral-containing grounds and little precipitation. The heights of the Andes transform the humid west winds into dry and hot aerial currents, and ensure a continental semi-desert climate. Strong differences in the seasons with hot summers and cool winters provide high sugar content and healthy vines. Chilly summer nights allow the development of aromatic substances in the grapes. The sun shines more than 300 days annually. Small amounts of precipitation of 100 – 300 mm per year, require the vineyards to be irrigated. The vineyard operates a waterworks, fed with the water of the Andes rivers.
Wines/Grapes.
The grapes of Bodega Enrique Vollmer mature at a height of up to 1,100 metres. The fertile volcanic soils are rich in minerals and hence require no artificial fertilization. The low humidity decreases infestation by pests or illnesses. Wine-making takes place on site in stainless steel tanks. The distribution of the wines is organized through the German vineyard in Ellerstadt.
The following wines are produced at Bodega Enrique Vollmer:
The property currently cultivates around , producing 100,000 litres of white wines and 900,000 litres of red wines.

</doc>
<doc id="36796214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796214" title="Olcay Turhan">
Olcay Turhan

Olcay Turhan (born January 30, 1988) is a German footballer who plays for Arminia Bielefeld. He made his debut for the club in the final game of the 2011–12 3. Fußball-Liga season against Werder Bremen II.

</doc>
<doc id="36796219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796219" title="Yanoshi">
Yanoshi

Janosi or Yanoshi (, ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.
Geography.
The village is located around 6 km east of Berehove. Administratively, the village belongs to the Berehove Raion, Zakarpattia Oblast.
History.
It was first mentioned as Ivanosi in 1321.
Population.
In 1910, it had a population of 1118 , mostly Hungarians.
According to the official census of 2001, the population included 2030 inhabitants.

</doc>
<doc id="36796250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796250" title="Stefan Krämer">
Stefan Krämer

Stefan Krämer (born 23 March 1967) is a German football coach who is currently manager of Energie Cottbus.

</doc>
<doc id="36796270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796270" title="Rabab Eid">
Rabab Eid

Rabab Eid Sayed Awad (born 10 August 1990 in Cairo) is an Egyptian freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated by Tetyana Lazareva in the 1/8 finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36796280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796280" title="Robin Gibb discography">
Robin Gibb discography

This is a discography of works by British singer-songwriter Robin Gibb as a solo artist. For information about recordings made by the Bee Gees see Bee Gees discography. Gibb's entire song catalogue is published by Universal Music Publishing Group.

</doc>
<doc id="36796304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796304" title="Wieringerrandmeer">
Wieringerrandmeer

The Wieringerrandmeer or bordering lake of Wieringen is a project of the Dutch province of North Holland and the (former) municipalities of Wieringen and Wieringermeer (since 2012 both municipalities are part of the new municipality of Hollands Kroon) for the creation of islands and a bordering lake.
History.
Wieringen has been connected to the mainland since 1924. This land is used, among other things, for housing and agriculture. However, in the mid-90s, at the initiative of Wieringen, a project to restore its insular character by creating a bordering lake between North Holland and the polder Wieringermeer. The authorities of North Holland agreed. 
The Wieringerrandmeer would be part of an ensemble including the Amstelmeer, the IJsselmeer and the Wadden Sea. The province of North Holland and others, united in Wieringerrandmeer, want this major project. This would "boost economic and social development" for business, and bring the benefits of a recreational lake, which is taken up by the slogan "the Experience of the lake".
Development.
In 2003, the province of North Holland, the various municipalities and the Water Board of the Netherlands published a contest for an overall project for the region. Five consortia attended. Wirense, who won consists of Volker Wessels and Boskalis could participate in the project and should take joint responsibility. This led to the drafting of a Memorandum of Understanding for cooperation between governments and the selected consortium. On March 5, 2007, the public-private partnership (PPP) between the government (provincial and municipal) and operators (Boskalis, Volker Wessels) for the construction of Wieringerrandmeer ended. Subsequently, the planning and preparations will be processed in more detail. On December 19th, 2007, the executive of North Holland approved the project.
The project was approved by the Steering Committee Wieringerrandmeer the province, municipalities, Wirense group. The National Forest areas and the water board will be involved.
Planning.
According to the original schedule the physical construction scheduled to begin in summer 2010. It was expected to create the lake in five years, but the work could last until around 2030, when all the objectives would be met.
Nature.
With the construction of Wieringerrandmeer continuity could be established between the IJsselmeer and Amstelmeer as far as forests, water bodies and reedbeds are concerned. This continuity of natural parts of the provincial ecological structure, was called the "Northern Arc".
Facts.
The total area of 1600 ha is planned, including 250 ha for housing. 
The total surface area of water is about 860 ha. 
The total area of over 400 hectares of new nature. 
128 ha of forest plantations with new surrounding residential areas.
Opposition and alternatives.
Not everyone is enthusiastic about the project Wieringerrandmeer. Thirty farms in Wieringen and Wieringermeer would be closed. Farmers would often forced to move away. Municipalities and counties say that the future of agriculture in this region is uncertain, farmers are skeptical about that. In addition, the water balance would be altered in the region, and this would probably have a negative impact on agricultural land. 
June 27, 2008 "The other Wieringerrandmeer" presented an alternative plan between residents and farmers gathered in environmental organizations. The flooded area would be reduced, fewer homes would be built and they would be closer to the lake and fewer farms should move. Some luxury items, such as the creation the Zuiderhaven lock between the Amstelmeer and the IJsselmeer would be removed. Discussions on Wierings concluded that it is not necessary to build a large lake on the edge of North-Holland.
The final decision.
On November 3, 2010 the Gedeputeerde staten of North Holland canceled the project for financial reasons, on November 15 the States-Provincial of the Netherlands confirmed the decision.

</doc>
<doc id="36796310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796310" title="Frank Schmidt (footballer)">
Frank Schmidt (footballer)

Frank Schmidt (born January 3, 1974) is a retired German footballer who is now manager of 1. FC Heidenheim.

</doc>
<doc id="36796317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796317" title="King Daoxiang of Zhao">
King Daoxiang of Zhao

King Daoxiang of Zhao (Traditional Chinese: 趙悼襄王) (died 236 BCE, reigned 244 BCE – 236 BCE) reigned in the State of Zhao during the Warring States period of Chinese history.
Born as Zhao Yan to King Xiaocheng of Zhao, he was originally not groomed to succeed to the throne. However, his path to the throne was eased by the circumstances. Firstly, the heir to the Zhao throne was required to spend a large portion of his youth as a hostage in the Qin court - thus making him susceptible to court intrigue. Secondly, the minister Guo Kai was intent on making Zhao Yan the next king. Therefore, when King Xiaocheng died, instead of welcoming the rightful heir back to Handan, Guo Kai proclaimed Zhao Yan as king instead. The famous Zhao general Lian Po objected to this state of affairs and resigned his posts as a result.
King Daoxiang's rule saw Zhao engage in warfare with its eastern neighbor, Yan. Under the command of general Li Mu, Zhao initiated two successful campaigns against Yan in 244 BCE and 235 BCE, gaining land in what is now central Hebei.
Zhao Daoxiang died in 236 BCE, in the midst of a Qin invasion of Zhao.

</doc>
<doc id="36796323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796323" title="Jesús Mora">
Jesús Mora

Jesús Mora can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36796327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796327" title="Lists of companies by stock exchange listing">
Lists of companies by stock exchange listing

This page lists company lists ordered by the stock exchange the companies are listed on.

</doc>
<doc id="36796334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796334" title="Maria Prevolaraki">
Maria Prevolaraki

Maria Prevolaraki (; born 21 December 1991 in Athens) is a Greek freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated by Yuliya Ratkevich in the 1/8 finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36796367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796367" title="Joice Silva">
Joice Silva

Joice Souza da Silva (born 20 July 1983 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated by Valeria Zholobova in the 1/8 finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36796374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796374" title="Stephen McGuire">
Stephen McGuire

Stephen McGuire (born on 18 August 1984) is a British Boccia player.
Personal life.
McGuire was born on 18 August 1984, in Bellshill, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. He was born with muscular dystrophy, a degenerative condition that means he requires the use of a wheelchair.
McGuire is known to work in the community, helping with disabled young people and is an ambassador for the Muscular Dystrophy Campaign. He is currently training for more competitions.
Boccia.
He competes in the BC4 classification. In pairs events he competes with his brother Peter who also has muscular dystrophy.
McGuire is the most successful British BC4 Boccia athlete; a five-time Scottish Champion and a seven-time British Champion. Competing with his brother Peter he won the gold medal in the BC4 pairs event at the 2009 European Championships held in Porto, Portugal. In 2010, they won the silver medal at the World Championships in Lisbon, Portugal. Other major championship medals include European Silver from Hamar, Norway 2011 as well as retaining European Gold in the Pairs event in 2013.
In 2012 both Stephen and Peter were selected as part of the boccia squad for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
McGuire is 4th in the world
McGuire maintains a healthy relationship with his fellow players. His further goals are to win Paralmpyic Gold in Rio 2016. 

</doc>
<doc id="36796476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796476" title="King Xiaocheng of Zhao">
King Xiaocheng of Zhao

King Xiaocheng of Zhao (Traditional Chinese: 趙孝成王) (died 245 BCE, reigned 265 BCE – 245 BCE) reigned in the State of Zhao during the Warring States period of Chinese history. His reign oversaw the decline of Zhao military power owing to the catastrophic result of the Battle of Changping.
King Xiaocheng of Zhao ascended to the throne in the midst of a military stalemate between the Qin and the Zhao over the status of Shangdang, which Han had ceded to Zhao during the reign of King Huiwen. The commander in charge of Zhao forces, Lian Po, opted for a defensive strategy of fort construction. Perhaps due to Qin accusations of Lin Po's cowardice, King Xiaocheng decided in 260 BCE to replace him with Zhao Kuo, regardless of objections from leading politician Lin Xiangru. Zhao Kuo's offensive strategy played right into the hands of Qin general Bai Qi, and ultimately cost Zhao the battle and, with it, Zhao's military pre-eminence.
King Xiaocheng of Zhao died in 245 BCE and was succeeded by his son and heir, King Daoxiang of Zhao.

</doc>
<doc id="36796486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796486" title="Marcia Andrades">
Marcia Andrades

Marcia Yuleisi Andrades Mendoza (born 17 May 1984 in Cumaná) is a Venezuelan freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated by Valeria Zholobova in the qualifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36796495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796495" title="Baharlı, Tarsus">
Baharlı, Tarsus

Baharlı is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated to the west of Berdan River and about north of the Mediterranean Sea coast at . Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Baharlı was 170 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36796521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796521" title="Van Klaveren">
Van Klaveren

van Klaveren may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36796523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796523" title="Ballıca, Tarsus">
Ballıca, Tarsus

Ballıca is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the plains of Çukurova (Cilicia of the antiquity). Its distance to Tarsus is and its distance to Mersin is . The population of Ballıca was 170 as of 2011. There are tumuli of ancient ages around the village, but the modern village was founded in 1730 by Yörüks (once-nomadic Turkmens). During the brief occupation by Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt in the 19th century, cotton farming was introduced to village. After the village was returned to the Ottoman Empire, Turkmens from Elazığ were settled in the village to work in cotton fields. After irrigation facilities were improved during the republican era after 1923, cotton production increased.

</doc>
<doc id="36796531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796531" title="Loose Tapestries">
Loose Tapestries

Loose Tapestries is an alternative band consisting of Sergio Pizzorno, of Kasabian, and surrealist and comedian Noel Fielding. It was formed in 2012 to provide music for "Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy". They have released one album, "Loose Tapestries Presents the Luxury Comedy Tapes", on 2 March 2012. It was released as a digital download and made available on vinyl record for Record Store Day on 21 April 2012.
"Loose Tapestries Presents the Luxury Comedy Tapes".
The album "Loose Tapestries Presents the Luxury Comedy Tapes" features music and audio snippets from the television show "Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy". The music theme matches the psychedelic genre of the programme, being surreal and frequently described as "new wave".

</doc>
<doc id="36796535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796535" title="Holy Cross School, Ballia">
Holy Cross School, Ballia

Holy Cross School is a premier convent school situated in the heart of Ballia, Uttar Pradesh, India. It is affiliated to Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations for High School and to Indian School Certificate for Intermediate.founded in 1972.
It education standard is very high with high result percentage in both class 10th and 12th examination. 

</doc>
<doc id="36796539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796539" title="Belen, Tarsus">
Belen, Tarsus

Belen is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Belen was 684 as of 2011. The area around Belen was populated in the Roman Empire era of the 2nd and 3rd centuries, evident from a necropolis area next to the village, but the village was founded during the Ottoman period. Main economic activities are agriculture animal breeding and poultry husbandry.

</doc>
<doc id="36796544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796544" title="Skaidrīte Smildziņa-Budovska">
Skaidrīte Smildziņa-Budovska

Skaidrīte Smildziņa-Budovska (born 2 March 1943 in Riga) is a retired Latvian basketball player. She spent all her career in TTT Riga (captain from 1963 till 1969). Smildziņa-Budovska played for Latvian SSR and Soviet Union national basketball team.
Smildziņa-Budovska won 11 FIBA Women's European Champions Cups (1960–1962, 1964–1969, 1971–1972) with TTT Riga, 3 World Championships (1959, 1964, 1967) and 5 European Championships (1960, 1962, 1964, 1966, 1968) with Soviet Union national team.

</doc>
<doc id="36796551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796551" title="Duke Ping of Cao">
Duke Ping of Cao

Duke Ping of Cáo (Chinese: 曹平公, pinyin: "Cáo Píng Gōng") was a nobleman in ancient China, who lived during the Zhou Dynasty.
He was a ruler of the State of Cao, successor and son of Duke Wu of Cao.
His personal name was 須/须 (Xū).
Pingʻs son Jī Wŭ later became Duke Dao of Cao after Ping died in 524 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="36796553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796553" title="Sündeviin Byambatseren">
Sündeviin Byambatseren

Sündeviin Byambatseren (born 24 March 1990 in Ömnögovi Province) is a Mongolian freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 55 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated by Sofia Mattsson in the qualifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36796554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796554" title="Beylice, Tarsus">
Beylice, Tarsus

Beylice (formerly Manaz) is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the southern slopes of the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Beylice was 971 as of 2011. The village was founded by Yörüks (once nomadic Turkmens) and the former name of the village is thought to refer to a Yörük leader named "Manas".

</doc>
<doc id="36796557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796557" title="Luca Colombo">
Luca Colombo

Luca Colombo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36796563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796563" title="Boztepe, Tarsus">
Boztepe, Tarsus

Boztepe is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Tarsus is and to Mersin is . The population of Boztepe was 287 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36796570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796570" title="Soyuz TMA-16M">
Soyuz TMA-16M

Soyuz TMA-16M is a planned spaceflight to the International Space Station in spring 2015. It will transport three members of the Expedition 43 crew to the Station. TMA-16M will be the 125th flight of a Soyuz spacecraft, the first having launched in 1967. The Soyuz will most likely remain on board the Station for the Expedition 44 increment to serve as an emergency escape vehicle.
Scott Kelly and Mikhail Korniyenko will perform the first one-year stay at the Space Station, returning in Soyuz TMA-18M.

</doc>
<doc id="36796573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796573" title="Foundation (framework)">
Foundation (framework)

ZURB Foundation is a free collection of tools for creating websites and web applications. It contains HTML and CSS-based design templates for typography, forms, buttons, navigation and other interface components, as well as optional JavaScript extensions.
It is used by Dictionary.com, ZURB's web applications, and others.
Origin.
Foundation emerged as a ZURB project to develop front-end code faster and better. In October 2011, ZURB released Foundation 2.0 as open-source under the MIT License. In June 2012 ZURB released a major update, Foundation 3.0. In February 2013 ZURB released another major update, Foundation 4.0.In November 2013 ZURB released another major update, Foundation 5.0.
Features.
Foundation has relatively incomplete support for HTML 5 and CSS 3, but it is compatible with all major browsers. Basic information of compatibility of websites or applications is available for all devices and browsers. There is a concept of partial compatibility that makes the basic information of a website available for all devices and browsers. For example, the properties introduced in CSS3 for rounded corners, gradients and shadows are used by Foundation despite lack of support by older web browsers. These extend the functionality of the toolkit, but are not required for its use.
Since version 2.0 it also supports responsive design. This means the graphic design of web pages adjusts dynamically, taking into account the characteristics of the device used (PC, tablet, mobile phone). Additionally, since 4.0 it has taken a mobile-first approach, designing and developing for mobile devices first, and enhancing the web pages and applications for larger screens.
Foundation is open source and available on Github. Developers are encouraged to participate in the project and make their own contributions to the platform.
Structure and function.
Foundation is modular and consists essentially of a series of Sass stylesheets that implement the various components of the toolkit. Component stylesheets can be included via Sass or by customizing the initial Foundation download. Developers can adapt the Foundation file itself, selecting the components they wish to use in their project.
Adjustments are possible to a limited extent through a central configuration stylesheet. More profound changes are possible by changing the Sass variables.
The use of Sass stylesheet language allows the use of variables, functions and operators, nested selectors, as well as so-called mixins.
Since version 3.0, the configuration of Foundation also has a special "Customize" option in the documentation. Moreover, developers use on a form to chose the desired components and adjust, if necessary, the values of various options to their needs. The subsequently generated package already includes the pre-built CSS style sheet.
Grid system and responsive design.
Foundation comes standard with a 940 pixel wide, flexible grid layout. The toolkit is fully responsive to make use of different resolutions and types of devices: mobile phones, portrait and landscape format, tablets and PCs with a low and high resolution (widescreen). This adjusts the width of the columns automatically.
Understanding CSS stylesheet.
Foundation provides a set of stylesheets that provide basic style definitions for all key HTML components. These provide a browser and system-wide uniform, modern appearance for formatting text, tables and form elements.
Re-usable components.
In addition to the regular HTML elements, Foundation contains other commonly used interface elements. These include buttons with advanced features (for example, grouping of buttons or buttons with drop-down option, make and navigation lists, horizontal and vertical tabs, navigation, breadcrumb navigation, pagination, etc.), labels, advanced typographic capabilities, and formatting for messages such as warnings.
JavaScript plug-ins.
The JavaScript components of Foundation are based on Zepto.js, a lighter but API-compatible alternative to the jQuery JavaScript framework. They provide additional user-interface elements such as dialog, tooltips and carousels. They also extend the functionality of some existing interface elements, including for example a split drop-down button. In version 4.0 the following JavaScript plugins are supported: alerts, clearing, cookie, dropdown, forms, joyride, magellan, orbit, placeholder, reveal, section, tooltips, and topbar.
Use.
To use Foundation in an HTML page developers must first compile one CSS file from the downloaded Sass stylesheets. This can be done with a special compiler. Alternatively, developers can download a pre-compiled CSS file.
Then they must integrate the generated CSS file in the HTML file. If JavaScript components are selected, they must be referenced along with the Zepto.js or jQuery library in the HTML document.

</doc>
<doc id="36796587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796587" title="Heinrich Vollmer (winery)">
Heinrich Vollmer (winery)

Weingut (winery) Heinrich Vollmer is a German winery situated in Ellerstadt/Palatinate. 
History.
Heinrich Vollmer (*1948), born in Durbach/Baden, was designated for the takeover of the fatherly farm, which also included some vineyards. Already at the age of eight years Heinrich Vollmer was introduced to the winegrower's craft. At the age of 15 years he took part in the exchange program of the GFY (German French youth work) and worked during four years as a trainee on the renowned vineyard Bouchard Père et Fils in Montrachet in French Burgundy. After his return in 1968 discrepancies occurred between him and his father about the future management of the estate and Heinrich Vollmer moved to the Palatinate region. In 1972, he acquired a vineyard in Ellerstadt and built up one of the biggest German privately held vineyards. In springtime 1987, Vollmer was sentenced by the district court of Neustadt/Weinstrasse to 72 days of custody or 72 daily rates of 100 Deutsche Mark and the immediate removal of his Cabernet Sauvignon vines. At that time, the cultivation of these vines was not permitted in Germany due to an ancient law. The accusation was dropped during the second hearing. After that, Heinrich Vollmer built up the first German experimental plant originated for Cabernet Sauvignon grapes in cooperation with the land research institution of Rhineland-Palatinate. Today, the Cabernet Sauvignon vines that have been removed in 1987, are growing at Bodega Enrique Vollmer, the Argentine vineyard of Heinrich Vollmer in the Uco valley southwest of Mendoza, Argentina.
In the wine cellar of the winery, about 450,000 litres of white wines as well as 450,000 litres of red wines are produced annually. Private wine connoisseurs count to the established clientele of Heinrich Vollmer as well as wine traders, restaurants, retail shops (Rewe, Tengelmann, Edeka) and airlines (German Lufthansa, Condor).
Since 1987 Heinrich Vollmer also owns and operates a vineyard in Argentina, Bodega Enrique Vollmer.
Wines/Grapes.
On account of his French winegrower's education, French grape varieties belong to Heinrich Vollmer's specialities, among them Cabernet Sauvignon, Saint Laurent, Pinot blanc, Pinot gris, Pinot noir, Sauvignon blanc, Chardonnay and Auxerrois. But also the traditional German sorts of Riesling, Dornfelder and Portugieser grapes are cultivated. The vineyard traditionally focuses on selective vintage and careful processing of the grapes. The production of the white wines takes place in modern high-grade steel tanks, while the red wines are fermented traditionally on the mash and further developed in wooden barrels. The „great wines“ mature up to 18 months in Barrique barrels in the cellar of the Ellerstadt estate.
The winery Heinrich Vollmer cultivates currently 104 hectares of vineyards all around Ellerstadt/Palatinate in the sites of Dürkheimer Feuerberg, Deidesheimer Hofstück, Ellerstadter Bubeneck and Ellerstadter Kirchenstück. These are partly in the possession of the wine-growing estate and are leased to the other part by a specially founded producer's community.
Awards.
Since foundation of the wine-growing estate Heinrich Vollmer, numerous awards were acquired, just recently a gold medal for the 2009th ALTUM Cabernet Sauvignon dry Barrique and for the 2010th Pinot Gris dry.

</doc>
<doc id="36796595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796595" title="Arash Roshanipour">
Arash Roshanipour

Arash Roshanipour () is an Iranian football midfielder, who currently plays for Mes Kerman in Iran's Premier Football League.
Career.
Roshanipour joined Mes Kerman in summer 2012. He made his debut for Mes Kerman on 17 August, when he was brought on as a substitute.

</doc>
<doc id="36796598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796598" title="Martin Sinclair (footballer)">
Martin Sinclair (footballer)

Martin Sinclair (born on 27 June 1986) is an English footballer who currently plays for the Great Britain Paralympic 7-a-side team for players with cerebral palsy.
Personal life.
Sinclair was born on 27 June 1986 in Bath, England. he is the brother of Manchester City footballer Scott Sinclair, who represented Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and Jake Sinclair, a member of the Southampton F.C. Academy.
Sinclair was born with cerebral palsy but still had ambitions of playing football. As a teenager he fell off a slide, resulting in the ball and socket coming out of his hip; the injury was initially diagnosed as a damaged ligament, but when he went to hospital for an operation on his hand an x-ray revealed the real injury. He was confined to a wheelchair for three years and had a hip replacement at the age of 21.
Football.
Whilst his brother Scott was playing for Plymouth Argyle, Martin was introduced to manager Ian Holloway who offered him a role coaching in the football in the community programme. It was during this that Martin found out about Plymouth's disabled side. He competes in 7-a-side matches for players with cerebral palsy. He was part of the Great Britain teams that won a bronze medal at the 2010 Paralympic World Cup and a silver medal at the 2012 event.
In 2012 Martin was selected to represent Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Paralympics as part of a twelve-player squad for the 7-a-side football event. Great Britain are scheduled to face Brazil, the United States and Ukraine in the preliminary stage of the competition, with all matches being held at the Riverbank Arena. Martin and Scott are set to become the first brothers to represent Great Britain at a Paralympic and Olympic Games in the same year, as Scott appeared for the Great Britain Olympic football team who reached the quarterfinals at the 2012 Summer Olympics .

</doc>
<doc id="36796599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796599" title="Albania at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Albania at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Albania competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36796614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796614" title="Taplow United F.C.">
Taplow United F.C.

Taplow United Football Club is an English football club based in the village of Taplow, in the county of Buckinghamshire. They were founded in 1923 and offer football for boys and girls across all age groups from Under 7 to Under 18 plus 3 senior men's sides. The men's first team currently compete in the Senior Division of the Reading Football League.
Coaching staff.
First Team Manager Billy Jawandha
Reserve Team Manager Josh Boggi

</doc>
<doc id="36796623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796623" title="Constance Song">
Constance Song

Constance Song () is a Singaporean actress and model.
Career.
Song was a model before joining Star Search Singapore in 1997 and was subsequently offered a contract by TCS (predecessor of MediaCorp). She made her television debut in the wuxia series "The Return of the Condor Heroes". Song has also acted in several English television series on Channel 5, most notably "Point of Entry". She joined SPH MediaWorks and later returned to MediaCorp when they merged in 2005.
After over 12 years in the industry, Song won her first accolade at the Star Awards 2010. She was named the Best Supporting Actress for her role as the villainous Jiang Ruolin in "The Ultimatum".

</doc>
<doc id="36796633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796633" title="El Tiempo Latino">
El Tiempo Latino

El Tiempo Latino is a Spanish-language free-circulation weekly newspaper published in Washington, D.C.. The paper was founded in 1991 and acquired by The Washington Post Company in 2004. Is is now owned by Nash Holdings, the Jeff Bezos-owned company which owns the "Post". The newspaper has over 34,000 readers in the Washington Metropolitan Area. The publication was named the Best Hispanic Weekly in the United States by The National Association of Hispanic Publications in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36796646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796646" title="Michael Stickman">
Michael Stickman

Michael Stickman is the current chief of the Athabaskan tribe in Nulato, Alaska. Stickman is seated on the Arctic Council.

</doc>
<doc id="36796650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796650" title="Sant Josep de sa Talaia (Municipality)">
Sant Josep de sa Talaia (Municipality)

Sant Josep de sa Talaia (, ) is a municipality in the South West of Ibiza. The municipality is part of the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands. The total number of inhabitants in the municipality (2006) is 19,244.
Municipality.
The municipality of Sant Josep de sa Talaia is situated in the southwest of the island and is bordered with the municipalities of Vila d'Eivissa and Sant Antoni de Portmany. The territory was created after the joining to quartons. Previous to this the island Ibiza had been divided into four quartons following the Catalan conquest in 1229. Within the municipal boundary can be found some of the most emblematic sights of Ibiza. There is the Salines Nature Park and its sea grass meadows, and the Vendranell Nature Reserve and Es Vedrà a spectacular extinct volcano a short distance offshore. It is claimed that Es Vedrà is one of the most magnetic place on Earth. Also within the boundaries are the remains of Phoenician settlement called Sa Caleta which along with Vendranell Nature Reserve are UNESCO World Heritage sites. Sa Talaiassa, the highest point on the island, is also located within the municipal boundary.
Villages.
The municipality encompasses the following towns and villages:
Local Government.
The current Mayor of Sant Josep de sa Talaia is Marine snow (2012)
Tourism.
The Municipality contains the resorts of Platja d'en Bossa and Cala de Bou on San Antonio Bay. Playa d'en Bossa is located just south of Ibiza Town and near Ibiza Airport at Platja des Codolar. Some of the island most popular beaches are also within the municipality and include Cala d’Hort, Cala Comte and Cala Bassa.

</doc>
<doc id="36796651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796651" title="Intrepidity (horse)">
Intrepidity (horse)

Interpidity (foaled 19 February 1990) was a British-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career which lasted from April 1993 to November 1994 the filly ran twelve times and won four races. Unraced as a two-year-old, Intrepidity proved to be the outstanding three-year-old filly in Europe in 1993, winning the Prix Saint-Alary and the Prix Vermeille in France and the Epsom Oaks in England. She also finished fourth in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, beaten one and a half lengths. At the end of the year she was voted European Champion Three-year-old Filly at the Cartier Racing Awards. Intrepidity was kept in training as a four-year-old, but failed to win, although she finished second in the Prix Ganay and the Prix Foy. She was then retired to stud where her record as a broodmare was disappointing.
Background.
Intrepidity was a dark bay mare with a white star and two white feet bred in Britain by M. Ryan. She was sired by the thirteen time Champion sire Sadler's Wells. Intrepidity's dam, Intrepid Lady, was an American-bred daughter of Bold Ruler, and closely related on her dam's side to Bold Bidder. Apart from Intrepidity, Intrepid Lady's best foal was Acushla, a filly who twice won the Phoenix Sprint Stakes.
Intrepidity was sent into training with Andre Fabre at Chantilly.
Racing career.
1993: three-year-old season.
Intrepidity began her racing career in the Prix Finlande, Listed race run over 1800 metres in April at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris. Ridden by Thierry Jarnet, she won by half a length from Alice Springs. The form of the race was boosted when the third horse, Madeleine's Dream, won the Group One Poule d'Essai des Pouliches on 16 May. A week later, Intrepidity was promoted to Group One class for the 2000m Prix Saint-Alary. Starting the 4/5 favourite, the filly took the lead in the straight and went clear of her opponents before being eased down by Jarnet to win by a length from Dancienne.
Michael Roberts took over from Jarnet when the filly was sent to England to contest the Oaks on 5 June. In a field of fourteen fillies, Intrepidity started 5/1 second favourite, behind the Barry Hills-trained Yawl (4/1) and just ahead of her stable companion Wemyss Bight. Intrepidity stumbled early in the race as she struggled to cope with the demanding course (according to Richard Edmondson in "The Independent" she resembled "Bambi on roller-skates") and was among the back-markers until the runners entered the straight. Switched to the outside, Intrepidity made rapid progress to take the lead inside the final furlong and win comfortably by three-quarters of a length from Royal Ballerina and Oakmead, with Wemyss Bight seven lengths back in fifth. The winning time of 2:34.19 set a new record for the race which still stands (as of 2012). Roberts, who had never sat on Intrepidity before riding her in the race, claimed that he had never been worried, saying that "once I got her running I knew I was going to win". Fabre called her "a top-class filly" and indicated that she would probably be rested until autumn. A month after her win at Epsom, the still-unbeaten Intrepidity started 11/10 favourite for the Irish Oaks at the Curragh, after her connections abandoned plans to run her against colts in the Irish Derby. Sheikh Mohammed had to pay a supplementary fee of £25,000 to run her in the race, as she had not been among the original entries. Racing on much softer ground she appeared outpaced in the closing stages and finished fourth behind Wemyss Bight, Royal Ballerina and Oakmead.
Intrepidity and Wemyss Bight met for the third time in the Prix Vermeille at Longchamp in September, with Wemyss Bight starting favourite. Ridden once again by Thierry Jarnet, Intrepidity came from well back in the field to take the lead in the straight and held the late challenge of Wemyss Bight (who appeared to be an unlucky loser) to win by a head. Intrepidity and Opera House made up Sheikh Mohammed's entry for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp in October, and the pair were made 3.9/1 second favourite behind the Prix du Jockey Club winner Hernando (in France, horses in the same ownership are grouped together for betting purposes). Jarnet held the filly at the back of the twenty-three runner field before switching to the wide outside in the straight. Intrepidity overtook most of the runners in the final 200m but was unable to catch the leaders and was a fast-finishing fourth behind Urban Sea, White Muzzle and Opera House. On her final appearance of the season, Intrepidity was sent to California for the Breeders' Cup Turf at Santa Anita Park, but was never in contention and finished unplaced behind Kotashaan.
1994: four-year-old season.
Intrepidity made her four-year-old debut in the Group One Prix Ganay at Longchamp on 1 May, and started favourite against a field which included Urban Sea, Ezzoud and Bob's Return. Intrepidity was last of the eight runners entering the straight before finishing strongly to finish second to Marildo. In June, Intrepidity returned to the scene of her Oaks victory and started favourite for the Coronation Cup, but was never able to challenge the leaders and finished last of the eleven runners behind her stable companion Apple Tree. After a break of three months, Intrepidity returned in the Prix Foy at Longchamp in September. In a race in which Andre Fabre trained four of the five runners, she finished second to Richard of York, with Apple Tree and Hernando third and fourth. Intrepidity was part of a four-strong Sheikh Mohammed entry (with Richard of York, Carnegie and King's Theatre) which started favourite for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. Intrepidity was ridden closer to the lead than usual, and turned into the straight in third place, but weakened in the closing stages and finished thirteenth of the twenty runners behind Carnegie. On her final start, Intrepidity made a second bid for the Breeders' Cup Turf and ran much better than she had in 1993. At Churchill Downs on 5 November she started a 47/1 outsider but finished strongly to take fourth place behind Tikkanen, Hatoof and Paradise Creek.
Assessment and honours.
The independent Timeform organisation gave Intrepidity a rating of 124.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Intrepidity an "average" winner of the Oaks.
In the Cartier Racing Awards for 1993, Intrepidity was voted European Champion Three-year-old Filly.
Stud record.
Intrepidity was retired to become a broodmare for Sheikh Mohammed's Darley Stud. Although she was sent to many leading stallions including Mr. Prospector, Gone West and Rainbow Quest she did not produce any top class racehorses. Her most successful runner was Deodatus, sired by Darshaan, who won several races in the United Arab Emirates.

</doc>
<doc id="36796655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796655" title="Ihr Häuser des Himmels, ihr scheinenden Lichter, BWV 193a">
Ihr Häuser des Himmels, ihr scheinenden Lichter, BWV 193a

History and text.
This cantata was composed for the name day of Frederick August I, Elector of Saxony. The text is by Picander who published it in the second part of his collection "Picanders Ernst-Schertzhaffte und Satyrische Gedichte" (Leipzig 1729). However, there has been speculation that Picander based his text on the work of Christian Friedrich Hunold, an earlier librettist of Bach. The reason for this suggestion is a similarity to a series of congratulatory cantatas Bach composed at Köthen.
The opening chorus is about a council of the gods. It was the custom for congratulatory works such as this to feature allegorical characters; in this case they are: Providentia (Providence), Fama (Fame), Salus (Well-being) and Pietas (Piety). 
The title page bears the dedication: 
In English it may be rendered as: 
Structure.
The work has eleven movements:
There has been speculation that the fifth movement, a duet (not found in Cantata BWV 193) between Providentia and Fama, may have influenced the duet "Domine Deus", the central movement of the "Gloria" in Bach's Mass in B Minor.
Sources.
The first source is the score.
Several databases provide additional information on each cantata:

</doc>
<doc id="36796671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796671" title="Luca Colombo (cyclist)">
Luca Colombo (cyclist)

Luca Colombo (born 26 December 1969 in Cantù) is an Italian racing cyclist. He won the silver medal in the team time trial at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36796672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796672" title="2012–13 Shrewsbury Town F.C. season">
2012–13 Shrewsbury Town F.C. season

The 2012–13 season was Shrewsbury's first season back in League One following promotion from League Two the previous season. They also participated in the FA Cup, the Football League Trophy and the League Cup.
Season review.
Shrewsbury entered the League Cup at the first round stage, but were knocked out by Leeds United after losing 4-0. 
They entered the Football League Trophy at the second round stage on 9 October 2012, and where beaten at home by Crewe Alexandra 1-2. They will enter the FA Cup at the second round stage on 3 November away to Hereford United.
Squad statistics.
Top Scorers.
Updated 16 January 2013

</doc>
<doc id="36796676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796676" title="Lauren Benton">
Lauren Benton

Lauren Benton (born 3 September 1988) is a female philanthropist in the United Kingdom.
She founded BODY Charity Charity in March 2011, of which she is now Chief Executive Officer.
Lauren is known for her weight loss, a result of Body Dysmorphic Disorder (BDD) for which she founded the charity in aid of.
BODY Charity is the countries first charity that raises awareness around Body Dysmorphic Disorder. After being diagnosed herself with the disorder, Lauren is notable for her public speaking and lecturing on the topic.

</doc>
<doc id="36796687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796687" title="1974 Anti-Ahmadiyya riots">
1974 Anti-Ahmadiyya riots

1974 Anti-Ahmadiyya riots was the single largest killing and looting of Ahmadi Muslims in Pakistan's history. The Islamist parties and some mainstream parties sided together to persecution of Ahmadis. Mass massacres of Ahmadis were done, while their boycott was also hold. Mosques were destroyed and every type of damage was given to the community. 
Background and Reasons.
One of the major controversial differences between Ahmadiyya Muslim Community and mainstream Sunni and Shia Muslims is their different interpretations of Khatam an-Nabiyyin. Sunni and Shia Muslims are awaiting the second coming of Mahdi and Second Coming of Jesus rejected the claims of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad who Ahmadis believe to be the Promised Messiah and Mahdi. The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community was very vocal proponent of the Pakistan and were actively in the Muslim league and had strong relations with many prominent Muslim Leaguers and were opposite to Congress backed Jamaat-e-Islami and Majlis-e-Ahrar-ul-Islam.
After partition Ahmadis prospered and reached many high ranking Government and Military positions in Pakistan. Ahmadis organization held up stay as an important political force in Pakistan, but by 1970 religious parties made large headway due to radicalization of Pakistan and Saudi Cash flow and were a large political force in Pakistan. These parties continuously demanded a constitutional amendment to declare Ahmadis as non Muslims but to no avail, and had usually turned to violent protests and hate filled Jalsas, the most famous 1953 Lahore riots. In 1974, the students of Nishtar Medical College had altercation with the Ahmadis in the Rabwah Railway Station. This event turned into a massive and violent anti-Ahmadiyya movement resulting in many casualties of Ahmadis and destruction to Ahmadiyya property.
Timeline of events.
The riots were started by the students of Nishtar Medical College Multan attack on Ahmadis present in Rabwah Railway Station. This incident triggered year long country-wide attacks on Ahmadis leading to loss of many lives and property.
Jun 12 All Ahmadis were arrested in Dera Ismail Khan.
Sep 03 Stone pelting on Ahmadiyya houses in Chak 32 South, Sargodha.
It was a worse in the day of history of Ahmadiyya Muslim Community that despite having a debate with opponents with in the Parliament of Pakistan.
The following members appeared before the Parliament of Pakistan.
After the day Oct 05 
Despite the presence of Punjab Chief Minister in city, opponents played havoc with lives and property of Ahmadis in Sargodha. Ahmadiyya Mosque was demolished. Some 38 houses and shops belonging to Ahmadis were set on fire after looting valuables. Five Ahmadis sustained severe injuries. On Oct 07.Mr. Basharat Ahmad martyred in Tahal district Gujrat.
All meetings/conventions of auxiliary Ahmadiyya organizations were cancelled for not getting permission from Government.
Aftermath.
Pakistan.
During the extremist Islamism of Zia-ul-Haq, a more strict anti-Ahmadiyya law was passed known as Ordinance XX. Ahmadi life became more persecuted and strict.
Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.
It was a great loss and worst year for the community. Many important members of the community were killed. There was a great loss to the buildings. Mirza Tahir Ahmad after implementation of Ordinance XX left Pakistan to migrate for UK in 1984. The recording of debate on the Ahmadi issue was not released. Later, Ahmad prove the declaration of non-Muslims as a truth of the community. ref

</doc>
<doc id="36796690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796690" title="King Huiwen of Zhao">
King Huiwen of Zhao

King Huiwen of Zhao (Traditional Chinese: 趙惠文王) (born 310 BCE - died 266 BCE, reigned 298 BCE – 266 BCE) reigned in the State of Zhao during the Warring States period of Chinese history. During his reign the Zhao state reached its apogee, with famous administrators and generals alike such as Lin Xiangru, Lian Po, Zhao She and Li Mu.
Zhao He was originally one of the younger sons of King Wuling; however, since King Wuling favored Zhao He's mother Wu Wa, he eventually made Zhao He heir, while the eldest son was demoted to Lord Anyang. In 298 BCE, Zhao Wuling abdicated his throne and Zhao He became king of Zhao.
In 295 BCE, Lord Anyang revolted at Shaqiu. Government forces prevailed, however, and Lord Anyang fled to Zhao Wuling's palace for safety. Generals Li Dui and Gongzi Cheng thus began sieging the palace. In due time, Lord Anyang was handed over and killed; however, the generals did not let up the siege and King Wuling eventually died of hunger.
King Zhao Huiwen is a central character in many of the stories told about Lin Xiangru. In 283 BCE, King Zhaoxiang of Qin extended an offer (which he had no intention of abiding by) to Zhao that would see Qin hand over fifteen cities in exchange for the jade artifactHe Shi Bi. Lin Xiangru's actions saved face for Zhao and humiliated the Qin.
In 279 BCE, King Zhaoxiang of Qin invited King Huiwen to a meeting at Shengci; once there, he again attempted to shame King Huiwen by ordering the latter to play the zither. Lin Xiangru's actions again caused the Qin to lose face and earned him great acclaim throughout China.
In 270 BCE, Qin invaded Han and threatened crucial Zhao interests in central China, especially with regards to the Shangdang region (present-day southern Shanxi). King Huiwen sent forces to intervene; under the leadership of Zhao She the Qin forces were defeated. This minor skirmish enhanced Zhao prestige, but was to foreshadow a greater Zhao-Qin rivalry that would end disastrously for the former at the Battle of Changping a decade later.
King Huiwen of Zhao died in 266 BCE and was succeeded by his son and heir, King Xiaocheng.

</doc>
<doc id="36796714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796714" title="Mohamed v President of the Republic of South Africa">
Mohamed v President of the Republic of South Africa

Mohamed v President of the Republic of South Africa, , is a 2001 decision of the Constitutional Court of South Africa dealing with the legality of the South African government's actions in handing over Khalfan Khamis Mohamed to United States authorities. The court ruled that the South African government may not extradite a suspect who may face the death penalty without seeking an assurance from the receiving country that the suspect will not be sentenced to death.

</doc>
<doc id="36796750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796750" title="Marquess Su of Zhao">
Marquess Su of Zhao

Marquess Su of Zhao (Traditional Chinese: 趙肅侯) (died 326 BCE, reigned 349 BCE – 326 BCE) reigned in the State of Zhao during the early Warring States period of Chinese history.
Marquess Su of Zhao reigned during a time when the authority of the Zhou kings was fast declining. In 233 BCE, the Marquesses of Wei and Qi agreed to recognize each other as kings (thus putting them on parity with Zhou royalty). Angered by the exclusion of his state, Marquess Su laid siege to Wei fortresses in the north. This failed; and in anticipation of possible retaliatory attacks, he ordered the construction of walls along the northern and southern borders, as well as along the course of the Zhang River.
Marquess Su died in 326 BCE. The states of Qin, Chu, Yan, Qi, and Wei each sent ten thousand crack troops to Zhao to attend the funeral. His son, Zhao Yong, became King Wuling of Zhao.

</doc>
<doc id="36796756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796756" title="Little Midland">
Little Midland

The Little Midland or LM was a British 4-wheeled cyclecar made from 1913 to 1922 by the Little Midland Light Car Co Ltd in various places in Lancashire.
The company was founded in Clitheroe by William Cunningham. His first car made in 1905 had a lightweight two-seat open body and was powered by a 7.5 hp single cylinder engine. In 1907 a larger 9 hp four cylinder model appeared with five seat coachwork but possibly only one was made. The 1911 model was powered by a JAP 964cc 7 hp V twin air-cooled engine driving the rear axle via a 2 speed gearbox and chain drive.
After World War I in 1919 the make was revived under new ownership and the company was registered as the Little Midland Light Car Co Ltd and based in Duke Street, Blackburn. The company was re-organised in 1920 and moved to Southgate Works, Preston. The post war car used a 980cc JAP water cooled V-twin engine, cone clutch and three speed gearbox with chain to the rear axle. The suspension used quarter elliptic springs all round. The body had two seats plus a dickey seat and cost £200 in 1920.

</doc>
<doc id="36796768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796768" title="Glenn Douglas Tubb">
Glenn Douglas Tubb

Glenn Douglas Tubb (born in Texas) is a Songwriter married to Dottie Snow Tubb. The song Skip A Rope written by him and Jack Moran, performed by Henson Cargill was nominated for a Grammy in 1969.
Glenn Douglas Tubb performs at The Ernest Tubb Record Shop Texas Troubadour Theater Midnight Jamboree.

</doc>
<doc id="36796788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796788" title="St John the Baptist's Church, Earlestown">
St John the Baptist's Church, Earlestown

St John the Baptist's Church, Earlestown, is in Market Street, Earlestown, St Helens, Merseyside, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Winwick, the archdeaconry of Warrington, and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with those of St Peter, Newton-in-Makerfield, and Emmanuel Wargrave, Newton-le-Willows.
History.
In the 1870s the population of Earlestown was growing. At that time it was in the parish of St Peter, Newton-in-Makerfield, whose rector was Canon Whalley. The architects Whalley and Fry of Dover created plans for a church to seat 900 people, with a tower, at an estimated cost of £16,000 (£ as of ). The foundation stone of the church was laid on 4 August 1875. There was insufficient money to build the church as it was originally planned, and a smaller church seating 600 people, and without a tower, was consecrated on 6 January 1879 by the Assistant Bishop of Chester. In 1925–26 the church was extended by half a bay, providing 90 extra seats, and the base of a tower was built. The work was carried out by the Lancaster architects Austin and Paley at a cost of about £6,000 (£ as of ). The tower was never completed. In the 1970s an annexe was added to the west end of the tower.
Architecture.
The church is constructed in yellow sandstone with red sandstone dressings; the annexe is in concrete. The plan consists of a 3½-bay nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, and an apsidal chancel with north and south vestries. At the west end is the base of the uncompleted tower, and an attached single-storey annexe. The windows are lancets containing Geometrical tracery. The interior of the church has been re-ordered, with removal of choir stall and pews, and with a platform extending to the west of the chancel arch. The font and the pulpit are both in stone with alabaster shafts. In the east window is stained glass by Shrigley and Hunt.
Notes and references.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="36796843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796843" title="Kočí">
Kočí

Kočí is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36796848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796848" title="Marcel Halstenberg">
Marcel Halstenberg

Marcel Halstenberg (born 27 September 1991) is a German footballer who plays for FC St. Pauli.
He signed a three-year contract with FC St. Pauli as a free agent, after his contract had expired with Borussia Dortmund at the end of the 2012–13 Bundesliga campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="36796860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796860" title="Theophanous v Herald &amp; Weekly Times Ltd">
Theophanous v Herald &amp; Weekly Times Ltd

The now superseded judgment held that there was an implied Constitutional a freedom to publish material discussing government and political matters, and the way that members of the Parliament of Australia conducted their duties and their suitability for office.
The court reversed this opinion in Lange v Australian Broadcasting Corporation where they held that no direct right to free speech could form a defence to defamation. Despite this, the case remains important in the development of the "implied freedom".
References.
Tony Blacksheild and George Williams, 
Australian Constitutional Law and Theory 5th Ed. 2010, Federation Press(Sydney), page 1272.

</doc>
<doc id="36796870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796870" title="New Empire Cinema (Kolkata)">
New Empire Cinema (Kolkata)

New Empire Cinema is a single screen cinema hall located in Humayun Place in New Market, (opposite Shreeram Arcade), Kolkata, West Bengal, India. This theatre is next to Lighthouse Cinema.
History.
Major general Shamsher Jung Bahadur Rana, Home Minister of Nepal acquired 45 properties in Kolkata (then Calcutta). New Empire theatre was one of them. New Empire cinema auditorium was set up in 1932. The chief designer architect of this theatre was A. de Bois Shrosbree. At that time this theatre was used to perform Ballets and plays. Eminent performers like Yehudi Menuhin, Zubin Mehta, Uday Shankar, Amala Shankar, Bohurupee (Sombhu Mitra and Tripti Mitra) performed in this theatre. In 1932 Indian Noble laureate Rabindranath Tagore directed play "Natir Pooja " here.
In the early 1960s films were introduced here alongside theatre performances. In late 1960's this was turned into a complete cinema hall. Under the chairmanship of V. Shantaram, the First International New Youth Film was held in New Empire.
Current status.
The Cinema in next building Lighthouse was closed in 2002, but , New Empire Cinema is still active. Currently the cinema's capacity is 1000 seats. The theatre management is running few food shops like Domino’s, KFC, Barista which is helping them to gain financial stability.

</doc>
<doc id="36796877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796877" title="Ochirbatyn Burmaa">
Ochirbatyn Burmaa

Ochirbatyn Burmaa is a Mongolian freestyle wrestler. She competed in the freestyle 72 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she defeated Leah Callahan in the 1/8 finals and was eliminated by Maider Unda in the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36796887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796887" title="Peter Smyth (disambiguation)">
Peter Smyth (disambiguation)

Peter Smyth was a politician.
Peter or Pete Smyth may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36796892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796892" title="Koçi">
Koçi

Koçi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36796895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796895" title="Peter Smythe">
Peter Smythe

Peter Smythe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36796911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796911" title="Latin Opinion">
Latin Opinion

Latin Opinion is a bilingual, biweekly newspaper published in Baltimore, Maryland. It is published in both Spanish and English. The paper was founded in 2004 to serve the Baltimore Hispanic community's desire for a Spanish-language newspaper. The newspaper distributes 5,000 copies to churches, businesses, and community organizations in the Baltimore area..

</doc>
<doc id="36796914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796914" title="Konstantin Fring">
Konstantin Fring

Konstantin Fring (born 9 January 1990) is a German footballer who plays for Rot-Weiss Essen.

</doc>
<doc id="36796962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796962" title="Mišić">
Mišić

Mišić () is a Serbian and Croatian surname, derived from the male given name "Mišo", or from the singular meaning "muscle". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36796967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796967" title="Matsukawaura Prefectural Natural Park">
Matsukawaura Prefectural Natural Park


</doc>
<doc id="36796972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36796972" title="Mona Lisa replicas and reinterpretations">
Mona Lisa replicas and reinterpretations

Leonardo da Vinci's "Mona Lisa" is one of the most recognizable and famous works of art in the world, and also one of the most replicated and reinterpreted. "Mona Lisa" replicas were already being painted during Leonardo's lifetime by his own students and contemporaries. Some are claimed to be the work of Leonardo himself, and remain disputed by scholars.
Prominent 20th-century artists such as Marcel Duchamp and Salvador Dalí have also produced derivative works, manipulating "Mona Lisa"'s image to suit their own aesthetic.
Replicating Renaissance masterpieces continues to be a way for aspiring artists to perfect their painting techniques and prove their skills.
Contemporary "Mona Lisa" replicas are often created in conjunction with events or exhibitions related to Leonardo da Vinci, for publicity.
Her portrait, considered public domain and therefore outside of copyright protection, has also been exploited to make political statements.
Known even to people with no art background, the mere use of "Mona Lisa"'s name – immortalized in Academy Award-winning lyrics sung by Nat King Cole (Best Original Song, 1950) – is capable of stirring public interest and intrigue.
Aside from countless print-reproductions of Leonardo's original "Mona Lisa" on postcards, coffee mugs and t-shirts, her likeness has also been re-imagined using coffee, toast, seaweed, Rubik's Cubes, and computer chips, to name only a few.
Now over five-hundred years since her creation, the perpetuation of "Mona Lisa"'s influence is reinforced with every reinterpretation.
Background.
At the start of the 16th century, Leonardo da Vinci was commissioned by Florentine nobleman Francesco del Giocondo to paint a portrait of his wife, Lisa.
The painting is believed to have been undertaken between 1503 and 1506.
Leonardo's portrait of "Mona Lisa" ("Mona" being the Italian honorific for "Madame") has been on display as part of the permanent collection at Paris' Louvre museum since 1797. It is also known as "La Joconde" in French and "La Gioconda" in Italian, and has been known by other names in the past.
Replicas of "Mona Lisa" date back to the 16th century,
including sculptures and etchings inspired by the painting.
But even by the start of the 20th century, historian Donald Sassoon has stated, "Mona Lisa" was still "just a well-respected painting by a famous old master, hanging in one of the great museums of the world."
The image had yet to gain iconic status, and, Sassoon adds, was "not even the most valued painting in the Louvre."
The painting's theft on August 11, 1911, and the subsequent media frenzy surrounding the investigation and its recovery are contributing factors which ignited public interest and catapulted "Mona Lisa" to its current standing.
"Mona Lisa" is considered public domain and free to be exploited, explaining its reproduction on everything from postcards to coffee mugs, with no legal repercussions.
Artistic replicas and reinterpretations as a whole – demonstrating adequate modification – are considered "new" works eligible for copyright protection.
A fine example is artist Marcel Duchamp's "L.H.O.O.Q.", a work of art in which Duchamp embellished existing print-reproductions of Leonardo's "Mona Lisa" by merely adding a goatee ("shown below").
While copyright laws do not protect Leonardo's "Mona Lisa", Duchamp's "L.H.O.O.Q." falls within parameters of copyright law constituting "new" works.
For such reasons, "Mona Lisa" is commonly referenced academically in copyright courses.
Isleworth "Mona Lisa".
Tests conducted in 2012 fed speculation that a painting unveiled in Switzerland, touted as the "original" "Mona Lisa", may in fact be the work of Leonardo himself.
The painting, known as the "Isleworth "Mona Lisa"" for the London suburb where it surfaced ("shown near right"), has long-been disputed by experts; some claim it to be a late 16th-century replica.
Results of carbon-dating tests done by the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich indicate that the canvas on which it is painted dates from between 1410 and 1455, more than a half-century earlier than the Louvre's "Mona Lisa".
But media coverage often fails to note that "Mona Lisa", as all of Leonardo's work, is known to have been painted on wood.
Representatives of the "Mona Lisa Foundation" also cited other mathematical tests corresponding to the kind of sacred geometry sometimes identified with works such as Leonardo's "Vitruvian Man".
Analysis of brush strokes led some to conclude that the Isleworth painting and the Louvre's "Mona Lisa" may have been executed by the same hand,
but Leonardo experts point to infrared analysis which contradict such claims and the painting remains a subject of debate. The Painting is now in a private collection.
Prado "Mona Lisa".
In 2011, the Prado museum in Madrid, Spain, announced discovery of what may be the earliest known replica.
Miguel Falomir, heading the Department of Italian Renaissance Painting at the time of the discovery, stated the Prado "had no idea of (the painting's) significance" until a recent restoration.
Recovered from the Prado's vaults, the replica – which El Mundo newspaper dubbed ""Mona Lisa"'s twin" ("above, far right") – was reportedly painted simultaneously alongside Leonardo as he painted his own "Mona Lisa"; in the same studio, by a "key" student.
It was also painted on walnut, as was Leonardo's original. The replica has been part of the Prado's collection since the museum's founding in 1819.
After restoration, the Prado's "Mona Lisa" revealed details covered by previous restorations and layers of varnish.
Furnishings and fabrics were enhanced, as well as landscape and facial features.
It is anticipated that such revelations may offer further insight into Leonardo's original.
Experts at the Louvre reportedly supported the Prado museum's findings.
The Prado replica was subsequently transported to the Louvre in 2012 to be displayed next to "Mona Lisa" as part of a temporary exhibition.
"Mona Vanna".
Two nude paintings bearing similarities to Leonardo da Vinci's original were part of a 2009 exhibition of artwork inspired by "Mona Lisa".
Displayed at the Museo Ideale in Leonardo's hometown of Vinci, near Florence, some believe one of the paintings – dating from Leonardo's time – to be the work of Leonardo himself, and it has at times been credited to him.
Other experts theorize the painting, one of at least six known to exist, may be just another copy painted by "followers" of Leonardo.
Scholarly dispute persists as to artist, subject and origin.
The nude in question, discovered behind a wall in a private library, reportedly belonged to an uncle of Napoleon Bonaparte, who owned another of Leonardo's paintings.
Facial features bear only vague resemblance, but landscape, compositional and technical details correspond to those of the "Mona Lisa" known worldwide today.
A student and companion of Leonardo da Vinci known as Salaì painted one of the nude interpretations of "Mona Lisa" known, titled "Mona Vanna".
Salai's version is thought by some to have been "based on" the nude sometimes attributed to Leonardo, which is considered a lost work. Discussion among experts exists as to whether Salai, known to have modeled for Leonardo, may in fact have been the sitter represented in the original "Mona Lisa".
Joos van Cleve, a Flemish artist active in the years following "Mona Lisa"'s creation, also painted a nude titled "Mona Vanna". Though the figure portrayed in van Cleve's painting bears no resemblance to Leonardo's "Mona Lisa", the artist was known to mimic themes and techniques of Leonardo da Vinci, in this case the positioning of the figure and the delicate brushwork reminiscent of Leonardo's sfumato. The artwork, dating to the mid-16th century, is in the collection of the National Gallery, Prague.
20th century.
By the 20th century, "Mona Lisa" had already been a victim of satirical embellishment.
"Sapeck" (Eugène Bataille), in 1883, depicted "Mona Lisa" smoking a pipe ("shown above"). Titled "Le Rire" (The Laugh), the artwork was displayed at the "Incoherents" exhibition in Paris at the time of its creation, making it among the earliest known instances of "Mona Lisa"'s image being re-interpreted using contemporary irony.
Further interpretations by avante garde artists beginning in the early 20th century, coinciding with the artwork's theft, attest to "Mona Lisa"'s popularity as an irresistible target.
Dadaists and Surrealists were quick to modify, embellish and caricature "Mona Lisa"'s visage.
"L.H.O.O.Q.".
Marcel Duchamp, among the most influential artists of his generation, in 1919 may have inadvertently set the standard for modern manifestations of "Mona Lisa" simply by adding a goatee to an existing postcard print of Leonardo's original.
Duchamp pioneered the concept of "readymades", which involves taking mundane objects not generally considered to be art and transforming them artistically, sometimes by simply renaming them and placing them in a gallery setting.
In "L.H.O.O.Q." the "found object" is a "Mona Lisa" postcard onto which Duchamp drew a goatee in pencil and appended the title.
The title, Duchamp is said to have admitted in his later years, is a pun. The letters L-H-O-O-Q pronounced in French form the sentence "Elle a chaud au cul", colloquially translating into English as "She has a hot ass."
As was the case with many of his readymades, Duchamp made multiple versions of "L.H.O.O.Q." in varying sizes and media throughout his career.
An unmodified black and white reproduction of "Mona Lisa" on a playing-card, onto which Duchamp in 1965 inscribed "LHOOQ rasée" ("LHOOQ Shaved"), is among many "second-generation" variants referencing the original "L.H.O.O.Q".
Duchamp's parody of "Mona Lisa" was itself parodied by Francis Picabia in 1942, annotated "Tableau Dada Par Marcel Duchamp" ("Dadaist Scene for Marcel Duchamp"), another example of "second-generation" interpretations of "Mona Lisa".
Salvador Dalí created his "Self Portrait as Mona Lisa" in 1954, referencing "L.H.O.O.Q." in collaboration with Philippe Halsman, incorporating his photographs of a wild-eyed Dalí showing his handlebar moustache and a handful of coins.
In 1958, Icelandic painter Erró then incorporated Dalí's version into a composition which also included a film-still from Dalí's "Un Chien Andalou".
Fernand Léger and René Magritte are among the numbers of Modern art masters who've adapted "Mona Lisa" using their own iconography.
None of the parodies have tarnished "Mona Lisa"'s image; rather, they reinforce her fame.
Duchamp's "mustached" "Mona Lisa" embellishment continues to inspire imitation. Contemporary conceptual artist Subodh Gupta gave "L.H.O.O.Q." three-dimensional form in his 2009 bronze sculpture "Et tu, Duchamp?". Gupta, from India, considers himself an "idol thief" and has reinterpreted a number of iconic works from European art history.
Post-tour years (1962–2000).
Radio personality "Cousin Brucie" Morrow presided over a promotional event during "Mona Lisa"'s exhibition in New York City. 70,000 entries of a "Best Mona" painting contest were exhibited at the Polo Grounds, with Salvador Dalí helping to pick the winner.
Following the painting's first American presentation, Andy Warhol in 1963 created multiple renditions in his screen-print Pop art style.
""Mona Lisa" (Two Times)," "Four "Mona Lisa"s," and "Thirty Are Better Than One" illustrate Warhol's method of silkscreening an image repetitively within the same work of art.
Also in 1963, Fernando Botero – who had already painted ""Mona Lisa", Age Twelve" in 1959 – painted another, this time in what would become his trademark "Boterismo" style of rendering figures disproportionately "plump".
"Mona Lisa" is also referenced in artwork by Contemporary art luminaries such as Jasper Johns and Robert Rauschenberg, adding to the veritable "who's who" list of artists putting their own spin on the portrait.
A paint by numbers version of "Mona Lisa" accompanied artist Suzanne Lacy during her 1977 travelogue "Travels with Mona", documenting the painting process at landmark locations throughout Europe and Central America.
From the 1980s through the end of the 20th Century, "Mona Lisa" continued to be the subject of re-interpretation among a new generation of emerging artists.
Street artists such as Jean-Michel Basquiat and Keith Haring, who came into prominence in the 1980s, created "Federal Reserve Note" and "Apocalipse 7", respectively, juxtaposing "Mona Lisa" within compositions suiting their styles.
Ballpoint art pioneer Lennie Mace created his "Mona a'la Mace" replica in 1993, a ballpoint "PENting" commissioned by Pilot pen company and featured on CBS News.
Artist Sophie Matisse, great-granddaughter of artist Henri Matisse, in her 1997 "Monna Lisa (Be Back in Five Minutes)" faithfully replicated the setting of the original painting, but omitted Mona Lisa from the scene; a concept she would repeat using other iconic artworks.
21st century.
British street artist Banksy in the first decade of the 21st century stenciled a ""Mona Lisa" Mujaheddin" holding a rocket launcher, and another mooning the viewer.
Contemporary commercialization.
"Mona Lisa"'s iconic face has been available for years in all forms, reproduced on everything from birthday cards to refrigerator magnets, appearing in advertisements for fashion and travel industries, and on the cover of magazines.
Leonardo da Vinci's own status as "genius" has been suggested as a factor contributing to the mystique of his creation.
The eyes of Leonardo's original "Mona Lisa" appear within cover-graphics for Dan Brown's fictional novel "The Da Vinci Code" ("cover shown below").
The "Mona Lisa" portrait also appeared in the teaser trailer for the 2006 film of the same name, although a replica was used for filming, appears only briefly in the film, and plays a very small part in the story.
Along with Vermeer's "Girl with a Pearl Earring", "Mona Lisa" is among the most replicated works of art.
The sheer number and variety of replicas and reproductions since its creation in the early 16th century illustrates a so-called "self-reinforcing dynamic"; utilized in advertising because of its familiarity, thereby re-enforcing its fame.
Painting "knock-offs" of "Mona Lisa" and other Western masterpieces has become a cottage industry of sorts.
Struggling artists in China paint them by the hundreds to supply the demand of American and European markets, and "Mona Lisa" is among the most popular requests.
Working in cramped studios, or at home with children running around, these artists can earn a few hundred dollars (US) for a weeks worth of work on paintings which are then sold retail through mail-order catalogues.
Reproducing the works of old masters by hand not only provides a way to earn a living but also a way of furthering their art education by perfecting painting techniques.
Among the most common motifs for satirization, "Mona Lisa"'s face is embellished upon; adding a red Santa cap for Christmas, or, as Duchamp had done, simply adding a mustache.
Replacing "Mona Lisa"'s face or head altogether is another common motif; substituting the head of an animated character such as Betty Boop, for example.
British artist Caroline Shotton in 2007 produced a series of paintings replicating classical works of art as "cows", which she would go on to title her "Great "Moo"-sters" series.
The inspiration for the series, she says, came to her while watching a documentary about "Mona Lisa".
Having settled upon the cow motif, she then formulated puns befitting her chosen subjects; whereby "Mona Lisa" became "Moo"-na Lisa.
Unconventional interpretations.
"Mona Lisa" replicas are sometimes directly or indirectly embellished as commentary of contemporary events.
Exhibitions or events with ties to Leonardo da Vinci or Renaissance art also provide an opportunity for local artists to exploit "Mona Lisa"'s image toward promoting the events. The resulting artworks represent a broad spectrum of artists using creative license.
In 2009, a replica of "Mona Lisa" was pieced-together using precious gemstones by a jewelry collector in China. Using approximately 100,000 carats of multi-colored jewels amassed over 30 years, the replica required five years to complete. The resulting artwork was publicly displayed at a Shenyang City shopping center.
In a similar vein, artist Kristen Cumings in 2010 created her own "Jelly Bean Mona" replica using over 10,000 jelly beans. The one initial creation led to a full series of eight masterpiece replicas commissioned by a California jelly bean company as a publicity stunt and addition to the company's collection.
Ohio's Center of Science and Industry (COSI) in Columbus thought the series noteworthy enough to be featured in an exhibition, held at the end of 2012.
A replica of "Mona Lisa" publicized as the ""world's smallest"" was painted by Andrew Nichols of New Hampshire (USA) in 2011, intending "to break the record." Recreated at a 70:1 ratio, the miniature "Mona Lisa" measures approximately 1/4 by 7/16 inches (7 by 11 mm). Although his rendition drew media attention, it was never officially reported whether he had, in fact, broken any existing record. In 2013, a far smaller version of the painting, entitled the "Mini Lisa", was created by a Georgia Institute of Technology student named Keith Carroll. The replica was created to demonstrate a new scientific technique called thermochemical nanolithography (TCNL). The "Mini Lisa" was just wide, about 1/25,000th the size of the original.
High school students attracted media attention in 2011 by recreating "Mona Lisa" on Daytona Beach, Florida (USA), using seaweed which had accumulated on shore. Claiming to have "too much time on their hands," it took two people approximately one hour to "turn the ugly seaweed into a work of art." Aside from photos appearing in the press, presumably their efforts were washed away with the tide.
In 2012 the Portuguese designer Luís Silva created a poster for a campaign against violence on women representing Mona Lisa with a sore eye and a sombre expression, with the slogan "Could you live without her smile?".
Mosaics.
The computer age introduced digitally-produced or -inspired incarnations of "Mona Lisa".
Aside from versions constructed of actual computer motherboards,
mosaic-making techniques are another common motif used in such re-creations.
A photo mosaic of "Mona Lisa" was digitally produced in 2012 from randomly compiled photos using "adaptive rendering software", to promote the potential of "Simultaneous Multi-compare Adaptive Rendering Technology" ("SMART"), which automatically analyzes and matches the shapes and colors of source-photos to a desired image.
Mimicking the heavy pixelation of a highly-magnified computer file, Canadian artist Robert McKinnon assembled 315 Rubik's Cubes into a 36 by 48 inch "Mona Lisa" mosaic, an effect dubbed "Rubik's Cubism" by French artist Invader.
Similarly, colored Lego "bricks" have been employed to replicate "Mona Lisa" in a mosaic motif.
A 2011 exhibition titled "Da Vinci, The Genius" at the Frazier Museum in Louisville, Kentucky attracted attention by having a "Mona Lisa" constructed by Lego artist Brian Korte.
Known as "Brick Art", so-called "pro" Lego builders such as Eric Harshbarger have made multiple replicas of Mona Lisa.
Matching the approximate 21 by 30 inch size (535 x 760+ mm) of Leonardo's original requires upwards of 5,000 standard Lego "bricks", but replicas measuring 6 by 8 feet have been built, requiring more than 30,000 bricks.
At a 2009 festival in Sydney, Australia, a group of eight people spent three hours creating a "Mona Lisa" replica from 3,604 cups of coffee. The mosaic effect in this case was created by adding amounts of milk, or sometimes none, to cups of black coffee. The final product, measuring 20 by 13 feet, was dubbed the ""Mocha" Lisa."
Maurice "Toastman" Bennet, known for recreating masterpieces using toasted bread, parodied "Mona Lisa" in a toast mosaic. At a 2010 food-art festival in Hong Kong, Bennet "tiled" together approximately 6,000 slices of bread, using a blow-torch to achieve the desired "tone" on each piece of toast.
Media coverage of the many incarnations of "Mona Lisa" often allude to the likely disbelief of Leonardo himself; of the intrigue she would come to inspire, and the unimaginable extremes of her re-portrayal.

</doc>
<doc id="36797007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797007" title="Intercity passenger transport (LPP)">
Intercity passenger transport (LPP)

Intercity passenger transport () is a part of Public Company Ljubljana Passenger Transport (LPP), which provides inter city and tourist passenger transport. Between 2009 and 2012 the service was excluded from LPP and operated under the name of BUS as its subsidiary. Before intercity bus service was excluded from LPP it operated under the name of suburban passenger transport.
Since 2013, Urbana can be used to pay for journeys on Intercity buses.
Table of regular bus routes.
Legend:
Regional tags
History.
Most of bus lines were put out of order after 1997 due to drastic decrease of passengeres and unrentability. In last several years the reason behind the cancelation of bus lines was due to the extension of city bus routes to the suburban areas.

</doc>
<doc id="36797025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797025" title="Megacephala biimpressicollis">
Megacephala biimpressicollis

Megacephala biimpressicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1960, and can be found only in Bolivia and Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36797026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797026" title="Megacephala bilunata">
Megacephala bilunata

Megacephala bilunata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Klug in 1834. The species are green coloured with brown legs and antennas. They can be found in Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay and Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36797027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797027" title="Megacephala biprolongata">
Megacephala biprolongata

Megacephala biprolongata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="36797032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797032" title="Megacephala blackburni">
Megacephala blackburni

Megacephala blackburni is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Fleutiaux in 1895, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797034" title="Megacephala bocandei">
Megacephala bocandei

Megacephala bocandei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Guerin-Meneville in 1848. The species are black coloured with brown legs and antennas.

</doc>
<doc id="36797036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797036" title="Megacephala bostockii">
Megacephala bostockii

Megacephala bostockii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Castelnau in 1867, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797038" title="Jargalsaikhany Chuluunbat">
Jargalsaikhany Chuluunbat

Jargalsaikhany Chuluunbat (; born 3 December 1984 in Bayankhongor Province) is a Mongolian freestyle wrestler. He competed in the freestyle 120 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; he defeated Malal Ndiaye in the 1/8 finals and was eliminated by Bilyal Makhov in the quarterfinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36797039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797039" title="Megacephala brasiliensis">
Megacephala brasiliensis

Megacephala brasiliensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Kirby in 1818, and can be found in every country of South America except for Bolivia, Chile, Ecuador, Suriname, and Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="36797042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797042" title="Megacephala brevisulcata">
Megacephala brevisulcata

Megacephala brevisulcata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="36797043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797043" title="Megacephala brzoskai">
Megacephala brzoskai

Megacephala brzoskai is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Naviaux in 2007, and is endemic to Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="36797047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797047" title="Megacephala bucephala">
Megacephala bucephala

Megacephala bucephala is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="36797051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797051" title="Megacephala camposi">
Megacephala camposi

Megacephala camposi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="36797054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797054" title="Megacephala canninga">
Megacephala canninga

Megacephala canninga is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by McCairns, Freitag, Rose & McDonald in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36797056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797056" title="Megacephala carolina">
Megacephala carolina

Megacephala carolina is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Linnaeus in 1766. The species is native to South and North American countries such as Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Nicaragua, Peru, and United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36797057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797057" title="William Ive (disambiguation)">
William Ive (disambiguation)

William Ive (born 1597), was an English politician.
William Ive may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36797060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797060" title="Megacephala castelnaui">
Megacephala castelnaui

Megacephala castelnaui is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sloane in 1906, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797069" title="Megacephala chacoensis">
Megacephala chacoensis

Megacephala chacoensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sawada & Wiesner in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36797070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797070" title="List of FC Midtjylland players">
List of FC Midtjylland players

List of notable players.
Statistics are up to date as of "22 August 2012".
"Please help to expand this list".
"Note: the source for the Career dates and Total apps/goals for a number of the below players is unclear and the reference used should be added".

</doc>
<doc id="36797076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797076" title="Megacephala chilensis">
Megacephala chilensis

Megacephala chilensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Laporte de Castelnau in 1834.

</doc>
<doc id="36797082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797082" title="Megacephala coerulea">
Megacephala coerulea

Megacephala coerulea is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. that was described by Lucas in 1857, and is endemic to Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797085" title="Megacephala corpulenta">
Megacephala corpulenta

Megacephala corpulenta is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Horn in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="36797088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797088" title="Megacephala cribrata">
Megacephala cribrata

Megacephala cribrata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Steinheil in 1875. The species could be found in cities like Meta and Cundinamarca of Colombia, as well as in Apure, Yaracui, and Carabobo of Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="36797091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797091" title="Megacephala cruciata">
Megacephala cruciata

Megacephala cruciata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Brulle in 1837. The species are common in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.

</doc>
<doc id="36797092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797092" title="William Ludwig (singer)">
William Ludwig (singer)

William Ludwig (born William Ledwidge), was an Irishman who rose to fame in the second half of the nineteenth century as an operatic baritone. He was famous as an interpreter of Wagner, becoming in Britain and the United States the definitive Dutchman. He later became an equally famous concert artist. His most active period was from 1874 to 1908.
Early life.
He was born in Dublin Ireland on 15 July 1847. He father was a chorister, music teacher and music copyist. He was educated at the National Schools, Marlborough St. where he received musical instruction from John W. Glover. He attended O’Connell Schools in North Richmond Street and often sang in the monastery chapel. He came under the influence of Br. Swan and later entered a solicitor's office. He sang for a time in the choir of St. Paul's Church, Arran quay, with Mr. J. J. Fagan, his life-long friend. His first lessons were from Richard Vincent O'Brien (father of Vincent O'Brien). He sang in University Church where Alban Croft was the organist and where he met Signor Cellini who gave him lessons. After singing in various Dublin choirs he moved to London before 1870.
London.
He sang in the Gaiety Theatre, the Strand, under the management of John Hollingshead. It was during this period that he changed his name to Ludwig. This may have been because of frequent misspellings or because a more Germanic named suited the life of an opera singer.
Carl Rosa.
By 1874 he had joined the Carl Rosa Opera Company. William was to maintain a relationship with this company for the rest of his singing career. It was during his time with Carl Rosa that he came under the influence of Charles, later Sir Charles Santley. In 1877 he became chief baritone with Carl Rosa. He made his name in such famous Wagner roles as Wotan in the Ring cycle, Hans Sachs in Die Meistersinger and as the Dutchman in the Flying Dutchman. In Britain this part was often referred to as Vanderdacken though Wagner never used that name. In 1883 he sang in Il Trovatore in the Gaiety Theatre, Dublin. A prototype telephone carried the performance to Earlsfort Terrace, half a mile away, where an astonished audience was able to hear the singers and orchestra.
He sang Claude Frollo in Goring Thomas's "Esmeralda" at Drury lane in 1883 and took part in the first performance of Mackenzie's Colomba (5 April 1883). He was also justly famous for his oratorio and concert singing. He was perhaps the greatest Vanderdecken of his day. Wagner is said to have given him a score of "The Flying Dutchman," inscribed: "To the incomparable Vanderdeken." However Wagner referred to the title role as "the Dutchman" and not Vanderdecken but in English productions the title role was always referred to as Vanderdecken or even Van Der Decken.
Wagner was in London when Ludwig was singing with Carl Rosa but definite evidence of their meeting has proved elusive.
United States.
He travelled to the United States for the first time in February 1886. He was engaged by the American Opera Company on the strength of his performances with Carl Rosa. He quickly established a name for himself as a Wagnerian interpreter. He played the Academy of Music in New York and went on to Baltimore and Cincinnati. In October 1887 he went to the United States for a second time. He set out from Dublin but missed the train to Cork. He hired a train and just missed his boat, the Servia, but managed to hire a tugboat and caught the Servia before it left the bay. This cost him £100 but it saved him having to default on his contract. Until 1909 he made regular trips to the United States and Canada. He once even declared his address in New York as "with the mayor". With the National Opera Company he performed in New York, Boston and Chicago.
Britain.
In Britain and Ireland his reputation increased. Sir Henry Wood described him as "the greatest Elijah". He formed his own concert parties and toured all over the British Isles. In 1898 he organised a series of "'98 Concerts" to commemorate the centenary of the 1798 rebellion. He had singers, pipers, harpists and dancers and 'songs of love and war, keenes and lullabies.' He did operatic arias as well as Irish songs. He made sure to include items from both traditions. He organised one such concert in Athlone. He engaged a young John McCormack for the trip. He put McCormack in the care of Lily Foley who went on to become Mrs John McCormack. John McCormack said "one of the most distinguished baritones Ireland has produced. It is a just tribute to one of the greatest singers Ireland ever produced to say, at this point, that William Ludwig was a supreme artist". James Joyce included him by name in Ulysses, in the Eumeaus section. He also referred to him obliquely in Finnegans Wake. 
William often included two of his daughters in these concerts. He intended retiring and establishing a music school but he was struck down with a throat complaint. His last public performance was in the Theatre Royal, Dublin with the Carl Rosa Company where he recreated the role of Danny Mann in Lily of Killarney. His charity work is believed to have cost him much of his fortune. A benefit concert was arranged in London by Sir Herbert Tree in 1913. The money raised was used to buy him an annuity which allowed him to live out his days in modest circumstances. He also made some appearances in the silent movie industry. He died in London on Christmas Day 1923.
The Ludwig Cup.
The Ludwig Cup is awarded annually by the Royal Irish Academy of Music. It is presented to the winner of a competition for singers who present a 15 minute recital, excluding opera and oratorio arias. This takes place as part of the RIAM scholarship assessments around December or January. It is for 'interpretation' - principally lieder and in at least two different languages. 
Lieder is a classical Art song in German, i.e. composed not folk. It must come from the classical period covering Mozart to Richard Strauss.
Personal life.
He was married twice. Firstly to Mary Price in London in 1872. They had one son. She died in 1874. He then married Evelyn Miles in 1876. They had two sons and nine daughters. He maintained a home in London until his death.
External links.
Website: http://www.iol.ie/~nayoung/

</doc>
<doc id="36797093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797093" title="Megacephala crucigera">
Megacephala crucigera

Megacephala crucigera is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Macleay in 1863, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797096" title="Megacephala cuprascens">
Megacephala cuprascens

Megacephala cuprascens is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1997, and can be found in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797100" title="Megacephala cyanea">
Megacephala cyanea

Megacephala cyanea is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="36797103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797103" title="Megacephala cyanides">
Megacephala cyanides

Megacephala cyanides is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Bates in 1881.

</doc>
<doc id="36797106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797106" title="Megacephala cylindrica">
Megacephala cylindrica

Megacephala cylindrica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Macleay in 1863, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797108" title="Megacephala davidsoni">
Megacephala davidsoni

Megacephala davidsoni is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Naviaux in 2007, and is endemic to Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36797111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797111" title="Megacephala denticollis">
Megacephala denticollis

Megacephala denticollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1843.

</doc>
<doc id="36797113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797113" title="John Godard">
John Godard

John Godard may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36797114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797114" title="Megacephala distinguenda">
Megacephala distinguenda

Megacephala distinguenda is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Dejan in 1831, and can be found in Falcón, Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="36797116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797116" title="Megacephala ensenada">
Megacephala ensenada

Megacephala ensenada is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Huber in 1994, and is endemic to Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="36797118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797118" title="Macitentan">
Macitentan

Macitentan (trade name Opsumit) is an endothelin receptor antagonist (ERA) approved for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). The other two ERAs marketed as of 2014 are bosentan and ambrisentan. Macitentan is a dual ERA, meaning that it acts as an antagonist of two endothelin (ET) receptor subtypes, ETA and ETB. However, macitentan has a 50-fold increased selectivity for the ETA subtype compared to the ETB subtype. The drug received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on October 13, 2013.
Mechanism of action.
Endothelin and endothelin receptors.
Endothelin (ET) is an extremely potent blood vessel constricting substance that is secreted by endothelial cells. In the lungs, the most common ET form released is ET-1. ET-1 release can occur through both constitutive and non-constitutive pathways. Upon release, ET-1 can bind to the ET receptors that are expressed on arterial smooth muscle cells and fibroblasts in the lungs. ET receptors are G protein coupled receptors and, when activated, lead to an increase in intracellular calcium levels via the Gαq signaling pathway. The rise in intracellular calcium leads to contraction of the arterial smooth muscle, as well as vascular remodelling due to cell proliferation. Prolonged constriction and fibrosis are factors in the pathogenesis of PAH.
Role of macitentan.
Macitentan blocks the ET1-dependent rise in intracellular calcium by inhibiting the binding of ET-1 to ET receptors. Blocking of the ETA receptor subtype seems to be of more importance in the treatment of PAH than blocking of ETB, likely because there are higher numbers of ETA receptors than ETB receptors in pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cells. 
Experimental pharmacokinetics.
Macitentan has slow association kinetics. Its potency increases 6.3-fold when it is pre-incubated with pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cells for 120 minutes compared to 10 minutes with pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cells. Macitentan also has a high receptor occupancy half-life (approximately 17 minutes) compared to bosentan (approximately 70 seconds) and ambrisentan (approximately 40 seconds). This increased receptor occupancy half-life allows macitentan to act as a non-competitive antagonist of ET receptors. Bosentan and ambrisentan are both competitive antagonists.
Pharmacokinetics.
Macitentan is taken as a 10 mg oral dose once a day. Its half-life in humans is about 16 hours and steady state is reached by the third day of administration. It is absorbed slowly into the plasma. Macitentan has an active metabolite, ACT-132577, which reaches its peak plasma concentration about 30 hours after the first dose is administered, and has a half-life of approximately 48 hours. Although ACT-132577 has a lower affinity for the ET receptors than its parent compound, it does have higher plasma concentrations than macitentan. Both compounds can be excreted from the body through the urine or feces. 
Co-administration of ciclosporin has only a slight effect on the concentrations of macitentan and its active metabolite, while rifampicin decreases the area under the curve (AUC) of the drug's blood plasma concentration by 79%, and ketoconazole approximately doubles it. This corresponds to the finding that macitentan is mainly metabolised via the liver enzyme CYP3A4.

</doc>
<doc id="36797119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797119" title="Megacephala epipleuralis">
Megacephala epipleuralis

Megacephala epipleuralis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Horn in 1923. The species could be found on Crete, Cyprus and in Spain. Aside from Europe it has been recorded in South America, particularly in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36797121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797121" title="Megacephala ertli">
Megacephala ertli

Megacephala ertli is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1904.

</doc>
<doc id="36797123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797123" title="Megacephala euphratica">
Megacephala euphratica

Megacephala euphratica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. that was described by Dejean in 1822.

</doc>
<doc id="36797126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797126" title="Megacephala femoralis">
Megacephala femoralis

Megacephala femoralis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Perty in 1830, and can be found in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="36797128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797128" title="Megacephala flammula">
Megacephala flammula

Megacephala flammula is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="36797131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797131" title="Orgodolyn Üitümen">
Orgodolyn Üitümen

Orgodolyn Üitümen (born 29 April 1989 in Övörkhangai Province) is a Mongolian freestyle wrestler. He competed in the freestyle 84 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated by Dato Marsagishvili in the 1/8 finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36797132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797132" title="Megacephala floridana">
Megacephala floridana

Megacephala floridana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Leng & Mutchler in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="36797134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797134" title="Deposit-refund system">
Deposit-refund system

A deposit-refund system (DRS), or "advance deposit fee"', is a surcharge on a product when purchased and a rebate when it is returned. A well-known example is when container deposit legislation mandates that a refund is given when reusable packaging is returned. Deposit-refund system are a market-based instrument to address externalities. As with Pigovian taxes a DRS aims to limit pollution of various types by creating an incentive to return a product. 
While most commonly used with beverage containers it can be used on other materials including liquid and gaseous wastes. Deposit-refund systems are used on products such as batteries, tyres, automotive oil, consumer electronics and shipping pallets.
There are three potential advantages of a DRS: prevents illegal dumping by giving a financial incentive, monitoring and enforcement is made easier, and evading the costs is difficult.
Deposit-refund systems can be both voluntary or mandated by legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="36797137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797137" title="Megacephala foucarti">
Megacephala foucarti

Megacephala foucarti is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Naviaux & Richoux in 2006. It is endemic to Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36797141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797141" title="Megacephala fulgida">
Megacephala fulgida

Megacephala fulgida is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Klug in 1834, and could be found everywhere in South America except for Chile, Suriname, and Guyana.

</doc>
<doc id="36797144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797144" title="Megacephala fuliginosa">
Megacephala fuliginosa

Megacephala fuliginosa is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Bates in 1874.

</doc>
<doc id="36797146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797146" title="Megacephala germaini">
Megacephala germaini

Megacephala germaini is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1865, and can be found in Argentina and Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797148" title="Megacephala globosicollis">
Megacephala globosicollis

Megacephala globosicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="36797152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797152" title="Megacephala gracilis">
Megacephala gracilis

Megacephala gracilis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Reiche in 1842. The species can be found only in Colombia and Venezuela.

</doc>
<doc id="36797154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797154" title="Megacephala greyana">
Megacephala greyana

Megacephala greyana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sloane in 1901, and is native to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797157" title="Megacephala helmsi">
Megacephala helmsi

Megacephala helmsi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Blackburn in 1892, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797163" title="Megacephala hopei">
Megacephala hopei

Megacephala hopei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Castelnau in 1867, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797165" title="Megacephala howittii">
Megacephala howittii

Megacephala howittii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Castelnau in 1867, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797167" title="Megacephala huberi">
Megacephala huberi

Megacephala huberi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Johnson in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="36797169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797169" title="Megacephala huedepohli">
Megacephala huedepohli

Megacephala huedepohli is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1974, and is endemic to Santa Cruz, Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797173" title="Megacephala inca">
Megacephala inca

Megacephala inca is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Naviaux & Ugarte-Pena in 2006, and is endemic to Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36797176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797176" title="Megacephala inquinata">
Megacephala inquinata

Megacephala inquinata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Thomson in 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="36797187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797187" title="Megacephala insignis">
Megacephala insignis

Megacephala insignis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1850, and can be found in only two Brazilian cities: Alagoas and Bahia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797190" title="Megacephala intermedia">
Megacephala intermedia

Megacephala intermedia is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Solane in 1906.

</doc>
<doc id="36797192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797192" title="Pürevjavyn Önörbat">
Pürevjavyn Önörbat

Pürevjavyn Önörbat (born 15 February 1988 in Darkhan-Uul Province) is a Mongolian freestyle wrestler. He competed in the freestyle 120 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated by Davit Khutsishvili in the qualifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36797194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797194" title="Megacephala ion">
Megacephala ion

Megacephala ion is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36797195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797195" title="Megacephala johnnydeppi">
Megacephala johnnydeppi

Megacephala johnnydeppi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Werner in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36797197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797197" title="Megacephala karratha">
Megacephala karratha

Megacephala karratha is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Sumlin in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36797201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797201" title="Megacephala kimberleyensis">
Megacephala kimberleyensis

Megacephala kimberleyensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Mjoberg in 1916.

</doc>
<doc id="36797202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797202" title="Megacephala klagesi">
Megacephala klagesi

Megacephala klagesi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1903.

</doc>
<doc id="36797204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797204" title="Megacephala klugii">
Megacephala klugii

Megacephala klugii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="36797206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797206" title="Megacephala lacordairei">
Megacephala lacordairei

Megacephala lacordairei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by the French entomologist Hippolyte Louis Gory in 1833. It is found in Colombia, French Guiana, Suriname, and Venezuela. The species are similar to "Megacephala affinis". The species are named after Belgian entomologist Jean Théodore Lacordaire.

</doc>
<doc id="36797209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797209" title="Megacephala laevicollis">
Megacephala laevicollis

Megacephala laevicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by C.O. Waterhouse in 1880. The species are black coloured.

</doc>
<doc id="36797210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797210" title="Megacephala lafertei">
Megacephala lafertei

Megacephala lafertei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Thomson in 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="36797213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797213" title="Megacephala laminata">
Megacephala laminata

Megacephala laminata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Perty in 1830, and can be found in Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36797214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797214" title="Megacephala lanei">
Megacephala lanei

Megacephala lanei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1961, and is endemic to São Paulo, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36797217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797217" title="Megacephala lateralis">
Megacephala lateralis

Megacephala lateralis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="36797219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797219" title="Megacephala latreillei">
Megacephala latreillei

Megacephala latreillei is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Castelnau in 1834, and is found in Chile and Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36797223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797223" title="Megacephala lindemannae">
Megacephala lindemannae

Megacephala lindemannae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Mandl in 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="36797227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797227" title="Megacephala lucifera">
Megacephala lucifera

Megacephala lucifera is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Erichson in 1847, and can be found only in Bolivia and Peru.

</doc>
<doc id="36797229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797229" title="Megacephala marginicollis">
Megacephala marginicollis

Megacephala marginicollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sloane in 1906, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797232" title="Megacephala martii">
Megacephala martii

Megacephala martii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Perty in 1830. The species could be found in Santa Cruz, Bolivia and Paraguay. It can also be found in various cities of Brazil such as Goiás, Mato Grosso, and Sao Paulo. The female species are fully green coloured, while males are metallic-blue, with green pronotum. Both sexes have brown coloured legs and antennas.

</doc>
<doc id="36797235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797235" title="Megacephala megacephala">
Megacephala megacephala

Megacephala megacephala is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Olivier in 1790.

</doc>
<doc id="36797237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797237" title="Megacephala mendacia">
Megacephala mendacia

Megacephala mendacia is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1997, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797239" title="Megacephala morsii">
Megacephala morsii

Megacephala morsii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Fairmaire in 1882.

</doc>
<doc id="36797240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797240" title="Ahmed Ameziane">
Ahmed Ameziane

Ahmed Ameziane is a Moroccan politician. A member of the Popular Movement, he has served as Minister of Youth and Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="36797248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797248" title="Megacephala murchisona">
Megacephala murchisona

Megacephala murchisona is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. that was described by Fleutiaux in 1896, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36797269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797269" title="Ashok Mehta">
Ashok Mehta

Ashok Mehta (1947- August 15, 2012) was a noted Indian film cinematographer, known for films such as "Bandit Queen" (1994), "36 Chowringhee Lane" (1981) and "Utsav" (1984). He won the National Film Award for Best Cinematography twice, "36 Chowringhee Lane" (1981) and "Moksha" (2000), the latter he also directed.
He worked both with directors of mainstream Bollywood, like Subhash Ghai ("Ram Lakhan" (1989), "Saudagar" (1991)) and Rajiv Rai ("" (1997)), Mukul Anand ("Trimurti" (1995)), as well as parallel cinema directors, like Shyam Benegal ("Trikaal" (1985), "Mandi" (1983)), Aparna Sen ("36 Chowringhee Lane" (1981), "Paroma" (1984)). He also worked on films, including Shekhar Kapoor's "Bandit Queen" (1994), Girish Karnad's "Utsav" (1984), Gulzar's "Ijaazat" (1987) and MF Hussain's "Gaja Gamini" (2000).
Early in 2012, he was diagnosed with lung cancer, and he died in Mumbai in August 2012, at the age of 65.

</doc>
<doc id="36797281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797281" title="Ole Morten Vågan">
Ole Morten Vågan

Ole Morten Vågan (born 8 May 1979 in Brønnøysund, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (upright bass), and the older brother of guitarist Petter Vågan. He is known from several recordings and as orchestra leader, and from cooperating with some of the most influential musicians and composers internationally, among them Bugge Wesseltoft, Joshua Redman, John Scofield, Terje Rypdal, Maria Kannegaard, Iain Ballamy, Håvard Wiik, Erlend Skomsvoll, Eirik Hegdal, Nils Petter Molvær, Dhaffer Youssef, Ivo Papasov, Audun Kleive, Stian Carstensen, Ola Kvernberg, Paal Nilssen-Love, Håkon Kornstad, Tore Brunborg, Jon Christensen, Axel Dörner, Rudi Mahall, Tom Arthurs, Fredrik Ljungkvist, Christian Wallumrød, Jon Fält, Will Vinson, Jonas Kullhammar, and Arve Henriksen. He is considered one of Norway's greatest talents on double bass and is a central member of the band "Motif".
Career.
Vågan debuted as jazz musician in the "Nord-Norsk Ungdomstorband" at the end of the 1990es and had his own project "Ole Morten Vågan Projekt" on tour for "Nordnorsk Jazzforum" in 1999. This was also documented with a concert for radio on NRK P2, "Jazzklubben", hosted by Erling Wicklund recorded at "Nordland Musikkfestuke".
He was a graduate of the Jazz program at Trondheim Musikkonservatorium (1998–2002). In 1999 he formed the quintet "Motif", together with some fellow students, Atle Nymo (tenor saxophone), Mathias Eick (trumpet), David Thor Jonsson (piano) and Håkon Mjåset Johansen (drums), where he composes the main part of the repertoire himself. In 2000 Vågan lead the band "Motif" at Moldejazz and was awarded «NOPA's Composer Prize» the same year, as well as «Young Nordic Jazzcomets» the year after, at "Copenhagen Jazz Festival".
As both a bassist and composer, he has worked at the intersection of improvised and notated music, and in 2011 published his seventh disc with the aforementioned MOTIF, to critical acclaim in, among other New York Times (US) og JazzWise (UK). In 2009 he wrote an hour's music to a tentett, which besides "Motif"'s permanent members, included Mathias Eick, Mattias Ståhl, Ola Kvernberg, Håkon Kornstad, and Petter Vågan. Vågan mottok DnB NOR prisen på Kongsberg Jazzfestival i 2009, and came back the following year with new music, this time for a band consisting of influential musicians from the European improvisational scenes: Axel Dörner and Rudi Mahall (DE), as well as Fredrik Ljungkvist and Jon Fält (SE).
He has also composed for "Trondheim Jazz Orchestra" (in cooperation with the Eirik Hegdal), and wrote 25 minutes of music for the Trondheim Soloists and bassist Knut Erik Sundquist, which was performed to great reviews at the "Music Festival in Bodø". He has recorded a forty albums with various orchestras and participated in a number of pop-productions.
Vågan's latest projects include the band "Juxtaposed", which was formed in 2007 and consists of Atle Nymo (saxophone), Peter Vågan (guitar), and Erik Nylander (drums), documented on the album "Tsar Bomba" (2010). He is also a member of keyboardist Bugge Wesseltoft project "New Conceptions of Jazz".

</doc>
<doc id="36797323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797323" title="When Will There Be Good News?">
When Will There Be Good News?

When Will There Be Good News? is a 2008 crime novel by Kate Atkinson and won the 2009 'Richard & Judy Best Read of the Year' at the British Book Awards. It is the third to involve retired private detective Jackson Brodie and is set in and around Edinburgh. It begins though in Devon where six-year-old Joanna witnesses the brutal murder of her mother, sister and brother and barely escapes with her own life.
Main characters.
The main narrative is set thirty years later in Edinburgh and is told from the viewpoint of three main characters:
Reception.
Reviews were generally positive:
Television adaptation.
The novel was adapted for television for the BBC in 2011 as the final two episodes of the series "Case Histories".

</doc>
<doc id="36797328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797328" title="Novi Stars">
Novi Stars

Novi Stars is an American line of fashion dolls released by MGA Entertainment in 2012. It revolves around a set of alien girls who land on Earth and want to be like humans.
Dolls.
Each doll has a special feature that is promoted on their box, and has a bio which reveals the details about the character. Each doll comes with a pet (excluding Nita Light, who comes with an energy pod) and a glow-in-the-dark doll stand. The handle from the box can become a hair band for the owner. 
Most of the dolls have hair rooted in their head, with the exception of Mae Tallick, Sila Clops, Cici Thru, and Gail Lexi. Cici Thru and Gail Lexi's wigs come off to change wigs. Mae Tallick and Sila Clop's wigs come off to access their battery packs. Alie Lectric, Mae Tallick, Sila Clops, and Ina Ferna require batteries.
Releases.
Summer/Fall 2012:
Winter/Spring 2013:
Online.
The dolls were unveiled at the Christmas in July event of 2012, and have been released in August. They have a website where they post in their blog, have their bios and even have Facebook, Twitter and YouTube pages. A music video for the girls has been unveiled featuring live-action actresses playing the Novi Stars

</doc>
<doc id="36797329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797329" title="Ivan Yuen">
Ivan Yuen

Ivan Yuen, (born 15 September 1990 in Penang in Malaysia) is a professional squash player who represented Malaysia. He reached a career-high world ranking of World No. 56 in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36797330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797330" title="Bright Light Bright Light">
Bright Light Bright Light

Rod Thomas (stage name Bright Light Bright Light) is a Welsh, London-based independent singer. Bright Light Bright Light incorporates many elements of nu-disco into his music, also branching into synthpop, dance and house music. He released his debut solo album, "Make Me Believe in Hope" in June 2012.
Career.
Thomas grew up in a small village near Neath, Wales and learned several instruments as a child including the piano, his first forays into music were more folk-based, led by acoustic guitar and, due to a lack of equipment, with minimal beats around it. Thomas later stated that his dalliance with folk was due to his lack of knowledge with production techniques, and that he was always drawn to house and synthpop. He left Wales to take a place reading English literature and creative writing at Warwick University, but he left the course to move to London. In London he set up a studio at his home, and spent the rush hours busking the busy London tube stations. In 2009 he sent some demo tracks to American producer Boom Bip, which resulted in Thomas being invited to Los Angeles for two weeks to work on tracks together. Thomas stated that Boom Bip's production on the song "A New Word to Say" helped him find "his sound".
Thomas released, "Love Part II", his first single under the name Bright Light Bright Light, in 2010 on the Popjustice Hi-Fi label. Thomas chose the name 'Bright Light Bright Light' from a quote spoken by the character Gizmo in the 1984 movie "Gremlins". 2010 also saw him tour as the support act for Ellie Goulding. The singles "Disco Moment" and "Feel It" followed through 2011 and 2012, and after appearances at Bestival in the UK and South by South West in the US he released his debut album "Make Me Believe in Hope" in 2012.
The album tracks to "Make Me Believe in Hope" were co-written and produced by Rod Thomas, The Invisible Men and Andy Chatterley. The album features several collaborations, including vocals from Scissor Sisters' guitarist Del Marquis on the track "Cry at Films". "Make Me Believe in Hope" was released in the UK on 4 June 2012 through independent label Aztec Records, and the album received generally positive reviews from music critics and bloggers, with The Fly magazine noting the album as one the releases that just missed its annual top 50. Bright Light Bright Light released the single "Disco Moment" from the album which was placed on the BBC Radio 1 play list. It June 2012 the album made the final shortlist for the annual Welsh Music Prize, but lost to Future of the Left. 2012 also saw Bright Light Bright Light support Scissor Sisters on four venues of their UK tour.
In 2013, the EP "In Your Care" was released followed by a second single from Thomas' second album, "I Wish We Were Leaving" featuring Elton John. Following the songs release, Thomas toured with Elton John during the summer of 2014. Bright Light Bright Light's second album "Life Is Easy" is due for release in July 2014 preceded by the single "I Believe".
He is openly gay.

</doc>
<doc id="36797380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797380" title="Dolon Roy">
Dolon Roy

Dolon Roy (also spelt as "Dolon Ray") is Bengali actress, based in Kolkata, India.
Early life.
She was born in Kolkata to Dilip and Dipika Roy on February 22, 1970.
She graduated from the Charuchandra College and subsequently earned an postgraduate degree in science from the University of Calcutta.
Personal life.
She is in a live-in relationship with actor Deepankar De.

</doc>
<doc id="36797382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797382" title="Čedomir Đoinčević">
Čedomir Đoinčević

Čedomir Đoinčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Чедомир Ђоинчевић; born 5 May 1961) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a central defender, and a coach.
Football career.
Born in Belgrade, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Đoinčević played for FK Crvenka and FK Rad in his country. In 1990 the 29-year-old moved abroad, signing with S.C. Salgueiros in Portugal.
In his first season Đoinčević helped the Paranhos outfit overachieve for a final fifth place after coming straight out of the second division, with the subsequent qualification to the UEFA Cup – a first-ever – with the player starting in all of his 36 league appearances. During his spell with the club, he shared teams with countrymen Stevan Milovac and Jovica Nikolić.
Also having majored in economics, Đoinčević later worked as a coach.

</doc>
<doc id="36797389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797389" title="Château of Moulinvieux">
Château of Moulinvieux

Château of Moulinvieux is a château built in the 17th century at Asnières-sur-Vègre in the departement of Sarthe, France. Parts of it are listed as monuments historiques.
Architecture.
The central part of the lodge was built during the 17th century. It was rebuilt and extended with the side extensions, the interieur decorations (paintings, sculptures, woodwork), Our Lady’s Chapell and the garden were made in the 18th century.
Protection.
The castle and the park of Moulinvieux are listed as monuments historiques since 14 December 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="36797391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797391" title="Renee Troost">
Renee Troost

Renee Gerard Japp Troost (born 6 June 1988) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Icelandic club Breiðablik, as a defender. He formerly played for Almere City and AGOVV Apeldoorn.

</doc>
<doc id="36797393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797393" title="Lightwork Design Ltd.">
Lightwork Design Ltd.

"Lightwork Design" is a computer software company specialising in 3D Rendering software. Its headquarters are in Sheffield, United Kingdom.
Early history.
Lightworks was founded in Sheffield in 1989, with the goal to create a software toolkit for producing photorealistic renders from 3D geometry. While originally based in the Sheffield Science Park, Lightworks is now based in Rutledge House, a building situated next to the Sheffield Botanical Gardens and originally built in the 1850s as the Victoria Park Hotel. The first Lightworks product was demonstrated at the 1990 Autofact exhibition in Detroit, USA. Sales of the initial Lightworks product commenced in early 1991, and the company signed their first major CAD developer, Unigraphics (now Siemens) in 1993. The company signed their first international customer, CPU of Japan, in 1994.
In 1995 Lightworks began to develop the MachineWorks toolkit. This led to the foundation of MachineWorks, which is now a separate company. In 1997, Lightworks launched a large model navigation system called Navisworks, which was sold in 2007 to Autodesk for $26 million. In 1999, Lightworks and Intel formed a partnership, and the company started to develop their products for the Linux platform.
Recent developments.
Artisan.
In its 20th year,
Lightworks announced a new product called Lightworks Artisan at SIGGRAPH 2009. Also known as Renditioner for Trimble's SketchUp, this is a ready-to-deliver rendering product that is used alongside CAD/CAM programmes such as ZWCAD, BricsCAD, Kubotek's KeyCreator, and several others.
In 2010, Artisan was integrated with Ascon’s Kompas 3D and BeLight Software. The product introduced a number of new technologies including SnapShot capabilities and pre-loaded content libraries.
Partnership with NVIDIA.
At SIGGRAPH 2013, Lightworks announced a new partnership with NVIDIA to develop an SDK to provide access to NVIDIA's Iray technology. This SDK, called Iray+, is intended to provide physically accurate ray-tracing to clients who need to present their products to customers, and will have the ability to use cloud- and network-based rendering.
Products.
Lightworks' current products are Lightworks Author, Lightworks Artisan, and Iray+.
Lightworks Author.
Lightworks Author was the first product launched by Lightwork Design. The main use of the product is in architectural design, interior design, engineering, and automotive design. The software works across Mac OS X, Windows, and Linux, in 32- and 64-bit binaries.
Lightworks Artisan.
Lightworks Artisan was first introduced at SIGGRAPH 2009. It is aimed towards 3D designers who want to create realistic images using a CAD programme. The product introduced a number of new technologies including SnapShot capabilities and pre-loaded content libraries. "SnapShot technology" refers to the ability to record the state of storage at any given moment. In Artisan, this allows users to save their renders at different stages, so that they may return to those stages and alter selected elements, such as textures, colour, or background images.
Lightworks Iray+.
Lightworks Iray+ was introduced at SIGGRAPH 2013. It uses the GPU-accelerated ray tracing engine developed by the NVIDIA Advanced Rendering Center to provide interactive product visualisations. Lightworks are also developing an Iray plugin for 3DS Max.
Customers and Partners.
Partners include Siemens, NVIDIA, and Spatial, while customers include PTC, Graphisoft, ACA, and Ascon.
Other information.
Every year, Lightworks selects a local charity to support through fundraising events. In 2013, Lightworks raised money for Bluebell Wood Children's Hospice, while in 2014 the company is sponsoring a week of breakfasts at the Cathedral Archer project, a homelessness charity. A team from Lightworks is undertaking the "Ben Nevis Challenge" in June 2014, while the Lightworks running team, "Runworks", competes in the yearly Sheffield Half Marathon corporate charity running challenge, most recently running the "cancelled" 2014 race.

</doc>
<doc id="36797402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797402" title="Ultrasoft">
Ultrasoft

Ultrasoft was a computer game developer and computer game publisher located in Bratislava, Slovakia. The company specialised in the development and publishing of games for the ZX Spectrum home computer. With over 40 titles to its credit, Ultrasoft was the biggest game software publisher in Czechoslovakia and, arguably, one of the biggest European producers of computer games during the 1990s. The most successful titles included the platform game "Towdie" and puzzle games "Atomix" and "Hexagonia – Atomix 2". Apart from computer games, the company also published a dozen or so non-game titles, mostly for learning foreign languages, as well as text, image, sound and music editors.
Ultrasoft also acted as an exclusive distributor within the territory of Czechoslovakia for Domark Software and Ocean Software game software houses based in England.
The company was founded by Louis Wittek in 1989, and dissolved in 1998.
"Bit" magazine.
Between 1991–1994 Ultrasoft also published a specialised monthly magazine "Bit", aimed at owners of home computers and dealing with computer games in particular.

</doc>
<doc id="36797450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797450" title="Larteh Akuapem">
Larteh Akuapem

Larteh Akuapem is the capital of the Benkum Division of Akuapem Traditional Council in Ghana. 
The Benkum Division of Akuapem comprises the following towns and their villages; Larteh, Mamfe, Abotakyi, Mampong, Tutu, Obosomase, Mangoase, Tinkong, Okroase, Adweso. The towns of Akuapem are in the Eastern Region of Ghana and situated between longitude 0°15 W - 0°00 and latitude 5°45 - 6°00 N. These towns are located on the Akuapem Ridge, which runs northeastwards across the Volta Region of Ghana and extends further into the Republic of Togo. 
Larteh is a twin town comprising Larteh Ahenease and Larteh Kubease. The language spoken is Guan which is a stock of the Kwa.
The oral tradition of Larteh Kubease claims that they came from inland and settled west of the mouth of the Volta among the Kpesi, aborigines of Guan extraction. When the Ga Boni met them, the two groups settled temporally on the banks of the Laloi Lagoon at Podoku near Tema. Larteh Kubease were led by Fianko Adeyite . On the hills they first settled at a place called Afianko. The Afianko sojourn seems to have been the briefest, since no living structures were created there. They moved to present Larteh Kubease.

</doc>
<doc id="36797452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797452" title="2012–13 FC Shakhtar Donetsk season">
2012–13 FC Shakhtar Donetsk season

The Shakhtar Donetsk 2012–13 season is Shakhtar's twenty second Ukrainian Premier League season, and they are the current defending champions.
Squad.
Squad is as of March 1, 2013.
Transfers.
Summer.
In:
Out:
Winter.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="36797471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797471" title="Paucidentomys">
Paucidentomys

Paucidentomys is a genus of rodents of a type commonly known as shrew-rats which was discovered in 2012 in a remote rainforest on the Indonesian island, Sulawesi. The genus is monotypic, consisting of the species Paucidentomys vermidax. The name, which is Latin and may be translated as "worm-eating few-toothed mouse", refers to the fact that they have only two teeth and may live exclusively on a diet of earthworms. "Paucidentomys vermidax" is larger than "Melasmothrix naso", "Sommeromys macrorhinos" and "Tateomys macrocercus", similar in size to "Tateomys rhinogradoides", smaller than "Rhynchomys soricoides" and substantially smaller than species of "Echiothrix". The face is more elongate than that of any other Sulawesi shrew-rat, but similar in this regard to "Rhynchomys". It has a very long rostrum (relative to other Sulawesi shrew-rats), small eyes, large ears, a soft pelage and a long, thick, hairy and dorsoventrally bi-coloured tail.
Unique dentition.
"Paucidentomys vermidax" is the only known rodent with no molars, which is an adaptation to its diet which may be exclusively earthworms (it appears to be a specialist vermivore based on the stomach contents of one individual). Moreover, rather than gnawing incisors, this animal has bicuspid upper incisors, which is also unique among the more than 2,200 species of rodents. The upper incisors are short with an anterior cusp and slightly inferior posterior cusp; these cusps are connected by a sharp, concave cutting edge at the lateral margin of the tooth. The pterygoid plate is absent. The dentary is long and delicate, lacking significant muscle attachment points. The lower incisors are unicuspid, procumbent, sharp and delicate. Its dental formula is .
Etymology.
The generic name combines the Latin "paucus" (few) with "dentis" (tooth) and the Greek "mys" (mouse) in reference to the lack of molars. The epithet is a hybrid of "vermi" (worm) and "edax" (devourer), in reference to the animal’s diet.

</doc>
<doc id="36797497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797497" title="Georgenberg">
Georgenberg

Georgenberg (German for "George['s] Mountain") is the name of several mountains and may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36797522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797522" title="Violdelphin">
Violdelphin

Violdelphin is an anthocyanin, a type of plant pigments, found in the purplish blue flower of "Aconitum chinense", in the blue flowers in the genus "Campanula" and in the blue flowers of "Delphinium hybridum". It is a molecule incorporating two p-hydroxy benzoic acid residues, one rutinoside and two glucosides associated with a delphinidin.

</doc>
<doc id="36797535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797535" title="Cinemas in Kolkata">
Cinemas in Kolkata

Cinema has been one of the most popular forms of entertainment in the city of Kolkata, India and movie theaters since 20th century. And movie theatres are major entertainment venues in the city.
Notable cinemas.
There are many single screen and multiplex halls in the city.
Single screen.
Chaplin Cinema is one of the oldest cinema halls in Kolkata, established in 1907. The cinema is located in Hogg Street.
Globe Cinema is a single screen cinema hall and heritage building located in Lindsay Street (opposite New Market entrance)
Jyoti Cinema is located in Lenin Sarani. In 1970s this movie theatre created a sensation by screening 70mm films. In 2008 the theatre was closed.
Lighthouse Cinema was a single screen cinema hall and heritage building located in Humayun Place in New Market, next to New Empire
Metro Cinemas is a uniplex cinema hall and a heritage building located in Jawahar Lal Nehru Road (Esplanade),
New Empire Cinema is a single screen cinema hall located in Humayun Place in New Market, (opposite Shreeram Arcade).
Paradise Cinema is a single screen cinema hall located in Bentinck Street (Esplanade)
Priya Cinema is a uniplex cinema hall situated in Rashbehari Avenue, near Deshapriya Park
Roxy is located in Esplanade, Kolkata. Once an Opera House it was converted into a movie theatre in early 1940s. Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose came to this theatre to watch Ashok Kumar-starrer "Kismat".
Star Theatre is a cinema and theatre hall located in Beadon Street. This theatre was built in 1883.
Multiplex.
Nandan is a Government sponsored cinema located in A.J.C. Bose Road, (near Rabindra Sadan. The theatre was inaugurated by Satyajit Ray in 1985. There are four screens Nandan–I, Nandan–II, Nandan–III and Nandan–IV here. In Nandan–I and Nandan–II films are regularly screened.

</doc>
<doc id="36797548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797548" title="Piz Miez (Lepontine Alps)">
Piz Miez (Lepontine Alps)

Piz Miez (2,956 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located south of Tenigerbad in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Medel, in the Val Sumvitg.

</doc>
<doc id="36797560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797560" title="GigaSpaces">
GigaSpaces

GigaSpaces Technologies Inc., is a privately held Israeli middleware technology company, established in 2000, with its headquarters located in New York City, with additional offices in Europe, and Asia.
GigaSpaces was founded in 2000 by Nati Shalom, the company's CTO, who is also a co-founder member of the Israeli Grid consortium, the Israeli non-profit organization focused on Grid, Virtualization, and Cloud technology.
GigaSpaces initially focused on the data scaling industry with its XAP products that provide distributed computing solutions for Extreme Transaction Processing, and in February 2012, an additional open source PaaS product called Cloudify, a cloud computing technology was made generally available.
Products and technology.
When established, GigaSpaces focused on application platforms for Java, and .NET environments based on the software architecture pattern "Space-based architecture", borrowing concepts from the Jini and JavaSpaces specifications, providing linear Scalability for stateful, high-performance applications using the Tuple space paradigm. This approach enables scalability while retaining data and logic consistency, latency, and the application code. This approach was developed to solve the scalability barriers present in tier-based applications.
XAP.
GigaSpaces eXtreme Application Platform (XAP), an in-memory computing software platform, is a practical implementation of Space-based architecture (SBA) that partitions applications into self-sufficient processing units. GigaSpaces XAP is a memory-based, and Memory virtualization technology at its core, providing data storage and computation within a single process (i.e., co-location), without inter-process communication or file-system access. The alternate approach of tier-based architecture integrates between application servers and relational databases.
The data partitioning on top of grid deployment and management within a single clustering model is the architecture that enables linear scalability. In alternative tier-based architecture, the need to use a specific server implementation, such as a database, application server and messaging server, and integrate them into a single system, is what results in the inability to scale these systems linearly. The fact that each server has a different scaling and availability (clustering) policy, makes it difficult to support scaling beyond a certain size.
These days XAP is used for Complex event processing and Real-time business intelligence for big data. With XAP you can replicate data to a Relational database or non-relational NoSQL database, enabling data replication across remote sites over WAN, for Disaster recovery, and is also cloud-ready.
Cloudify.
Cloudify is an open source, cloud computing PaaS started February 2012 by GigaSpaces Technologies Inc. Cloudify takes advantage of underlying infrastructure or IaaS through a recipe-based model to enable the deployment of any application onto any cloud without having to change the application’s code or architecture. The recipe provides the execution plans for installing, starting, orchestrating, and monitoring an application stack. GigaSpaces has also been an active participant in other open source projects, such as the Compass Project.
Cloudify adjusts server usage according to demand using load balancing middleware. Cloudify applies DevOps principle, describing each aspect of the production environment as code or configuration.
"Cloudify was designed, to a large degree, on the lessons of our earlier generation PaaS solution. In our earlier generation solution, we took a cautious decision to bind it specifically to Amazon and chose Java as the primary language of choice. A lot of that had to do with the maturity of the cloud market at the time, and the availability of tools and frameworks. Since then, there has been a very rapid advancement on almost every front which changed the entire landscape."
Starting from Cloudify 2.2, Cloudify supports the Chef (software) platform as a method of deploying and configuring application services. Chef provides a multi-platform framework for configuring operating systems and services. It complements Cloudify recipes by handling the scope of intra-machine configurations. Using Chef, the lifecycle of services can be simplified as Chef takes care of keeping service configurations up-to-date with current specifications as defined by roles and cookbooks.
Cloudify has partnered with IBM InfoSphere BigInsights. Cloudify enables BigInsights to run consistently with additional big data services such as NoSQL databases and more; simplifying these systems' deployments through consistent management, as well as improving cost efficiency with its cloud enablement & portability support. Cloudify's consistent management refers specifically to consistent deployment, configuration, and management across the stack, which applies not only to the deployment phase, but also to post-deployment, including failover, scaling, and upgrades - which are all accomplished through Cloudify's built-in recipe mechanism.
Awards and recognition.
GigaSpaces Technologies, has been recognized by the industry for its technology contributions several times, including: third place for the Deloitte Fast 50 award in 2008, finalists in VentureBeat's CloudBeat Showdown 2011, the CRN 20 Coolest Cloud Platforms & Development Vendors 2012, the Red Herring Top 100 Europe 2012, as well as the 2012 SD Times 100: A Software Development Superfecta as a cloud leader.

</doc>
<doc id="36797574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797574" title="912th Military Airlift Group">
912th Military Airlift Group

The 912th Military Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 514th Military Airlift Wing, based at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware. It was inactivated on 1 July 1973.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 912th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 912th TCG was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 512th TCW in 1963, the others being the 913th Troop Carrier Group also at Willow Grove NAS, and the 914th Troop Carrier Group at Niagara Falls International Airport, New York.
In 1965 the Group's host unit was transferred without personnel or equipment to Carswell AFB, Texas, was reassigned to 302d TCW at Clinton County AFB, Ohio, although group remained at Willow Grove NAS. Later transferred to 514th TCW at McGuire AFB, New Jersey. In 1968 was moved from Willow Grove to Dover AFB, Delaware and became a C-141 Starlifter organization. 
Inactivated in 1973 when Dover AFB and Charleston AFB switched aircraft and Dover became a C-5 Galaxy base. Personnel reassigned directly to 512th MAW which was re-activated at Dover. 

</doc>
<doc id="36797581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797581" title="Sea Malta">
Sea Malta

Sea Malta Company Limited (1973-2006) was the Maltese national shipping company. Established on 10 November 1973 during the tenure of the Labour Government led by Dominic Mintoff, which had the majority of the shares in the new company. The quest of this company was to provide maritime services company as well as to the need of the nation in general, and to assist the Maltese industry. The first ships to operate as part of Sea Malta were three old ships previously owned by the Maltese National Lines, the "Marsa", "Gudja" and "Mdina".
In 1974, Sea Malta bought its first vessels, named "Rabat" and "Zejtun". The latter, although one of the most famous ships owned by the company, was quite unfortunate as in 1976 a bow replacement was needed after a collision with another ship near Capo Passero in Sicily whilst in 1978 while moored at Tunis, it heeled and had to be brought to Malta Drydocks for needed repairs. The company continued to evolve and even invested in oil bunkering, insurance and shipping agency services. In 1973 the ship " Tudor Prince" capsized whilst outside the Harbour walls Grand Harbour. It was purchased by Sea Malta and following the completion of necessary repairs renamed as "Bormla". In the same year the ship "Dwejra" was bought, however it was resold after a few months in December 1975. The three old ships "Marsa", "Gudja" and "Mdina" were laid up in 1976 and in the same year, the company purchased the ship "Qormi" in order to provide better service to Europe. Another ship was bought in 1976 and named "Dwejra II".
In 1979 Sea Malta also participated directly in the establishment of the national towing company, Tug Malta. In 1980 the "Rabat" was sold and in 1990 this ship met disaster as it sank near the English Channel with the loss of all her crew. In 1981, the headoffices of Sea Malta were transferred to Marsa where they lasted until 2006. In 1985 the ship "Zebbug" was purchased following the selling of "Bormla" in 1984. The "Zebbug" replaced the "Qormi" on the Reggio route. In 1987 Sea Malta bought another ship synonymous with the company, the "Pinto". Several other ships were acquired for a short period by Sea Malta including the "Mosta" (1986-1988) and the "Kusi" (1985-1987). By the mid-nineties, however, Sea Malta had only two ships, "Zebbug" and "Pinto" as the company sold off the "Dwejra II" in 1987 and the "Qormi" in 1987.
Yet, in 1996 the company purchased the largest ship until then the "Senglea" only to be re-sold after just a year. The "Pinto" was sold in 1998 and a year later its replacement was bought. This proved to be the last and largest ship ever owned by the company, the "Maltese Falcon". For the last six years the company only operated the "Zebbug" on the Malta - Catania - Reggio route and the "Maltese Falcon" between Malta - Tunis - Genoa - Marseille. Since 2003, bad weather accumulated over the company as the Nationalist Government stated that it was making losses and thus being costly to the tax payers, albeit Sea Malta never took any subsidy.
In 2005 privatization negotiations failed and the Nationalist government declared the company bankrupt. Therefore, Sea Malta, one of the icons of Malta and which always served the nation, was liquidated. The ship "Zebbug" was sold to Fergun Lines and renamed "Fehim Bey", still operating to Malta. The "Maltese Falcon" was purchased by Grimaldi Lines, keeping the same name and sailing until 2009 when it was scrapped in India. Sea Malta was undoubtedly an important asset to the Maltese economy and its closure was surely a disappointment for many Maltese sailors who for a number of years served on board with great satisfaction.
Dom Mintoff

</doc>
<doc id="36797597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797597" title="Muthoot Pappachan Group">
Muthoot Pappachan Group

Muthoot Pappachan Group (MPG), founded in 1887, is an Indian business house headquartered in Kerala, India. It encompasses several businesses, including Financial services, Automotive dealerships, Hospitality, Real estate, Entertainment, Health services and Alternate energy.
Corporate history.
The Group traces its business roots to 1887 from patron founder Ninan Mathai Muthoot. The Group is named after Mr. Mathew M Thomas (popularly known as Muthoot Pappachan). It started with retail provisions business and then moved into chits, finance against gold and other financial services. MPG has diversified into other businesses including hospitality, real estate, automotive dealerships, health services and alternate energy.
Financial Services.
Muthoot Pappachan Group has multiple companies under its financial services vertical. These include:
Muthoot Fincorp.
Muthoot Fincorp Limited is a proactive Systemically Important Non-Deposit Taking Non-Banking Finance Company (NBFC) registered with the Reserve Bank of India. The company is a mass provider of finance against gold and other loans, with over 2600 branches pan India and has an average of 50,000 walk in customers per day.and now mpg has more than 3700 branches across the india
MFL netted a revenue of INR 15070 Million, with a profit of INR 2990 Million for FY 2011-12.
Muthoot Capital Services.
Muthoot Capital Services Limited primarily offers vehicle loans, including two-wheeler & three-wheeler loans. It has established its base in the rural and semi-urban areas of South India and has ventured into other states like Maharashtra, Gujarat and Goa. MCSL is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange with revenue of INR 670 Mio and a profit of INR 155 Mio for FY 2011-12.
Muthoot Housing Finance Company.
Muthoot Housing Finance Company is an emerging home financier in India for the lower and middle income segment and MPG plans to invest INR 1000 Mio in this venture in the near future. The company plans to set up 25 branches initially for the housing finance business and also leverage the strength of the Group’s existing base of over 1.5 million gold loan customers.
Muthoot Mahila Mitra.
Muthoot Mahila Mitra (MMM) is the microfinance arm operating under the Group’s flagship company, Muthoot Fincorp, and aims to serve the lower sections of the society through rural women entrepreneurship, and skill development in association with NABARD & ROPE.
Automotive.
The Muthoot Papachan Group has automotive dealerships in various locations across Kerala. It has dealerships of Jaguar, Land Rover, Honda cars,Honda and Yamaha bikes.
Hospitality.
Muthoot Plaza, the one of its kind star hotel in Trivandrum (Thiruvananthapuram) is to become the Hilton Garden Inn. The hotel reopened on 27 December 2013 after renovation as Hilton Garden Inn with 127 rooms in the business class hotel category. 
The iconic Vivanta by Taj (previously known as Taj Green Cove) at Kovalam, is one of the internationally renowned Taj Hotels and also one of the jewels in MPG’s Hospitality Crown.
MPG's upcoming properties include three business-class hotels and one five-star resort, to be located in Chennai and Kochi. A luxury serviced apartment is under development in Trivandrum.
The Muthoot Skychef, with a facility spread over 32,000 sq ft, serves airlines such as Air India, Indian Airlines and Qatar Airways, and charters and VVIP flights.
Real Estate.
MPG Hotels and Infrastructure Ventures is a real estate development company headquartered in Trivandrum. The Group is currently developing 6 hotels, to be operated by international brands, as well as commercial and residential spaces in India. Muthoot Technopolis, located in Kochi, is an IT park, with a built-up area of 355,000 square feet wherefrom global IT Majors are operating.
Alternate Energy.
MPG has been setting up wind farms in Tamil Nadu, India since 1993. The total installed capacity in wind power is 25 mega watts, with an investment of INR 1250 Mio. MPG has put plans in place to double its wind power generation capacity in the near future.
Entertainment.
The Group owns the 943 seater DTS Sound “Kripa Cinema” in Trivandrum.

</doc>
<doc id="36797605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797605" title="Aeschynanthus longicaulis">
Aeschynanthus longicaulis

Aeschynanthus longicaulis is a species of perennial plant in the family Gesneriaceae, native to Vietnam, Thailand and Malaysia. It produces clusters of orange flowers against trailing stems of dark green leaves, from summer to winter.
The specific epithet "longicaulis" means "long-stemmed".
"A. longicaulis" is grown as a houseplant in temperate regions. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36797608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797608" title="BioSystems">
BioSystems

BioSystems is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering experimental, computational, and theoretical research that links biology, evolutionary thinking, and the information processing sciences.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in BIOSIS, Chemical Abstracts, Current Contents/Life Sciences, EMBASE, EMBiology, GEOBASE, MEDLINE, and Scopus.

</doc>
<doc id="36797609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797609" title="Red 2">
Red 2

Red 2 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36797623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797623" title="Delphinium hybridum">
Delphinium hybridum

Delphinium hybridum is a plant species in the genus "Delphinium".
Violdelphin is an anthocyanin, a type of plant pigments, found in the blue flowers of "D. hybridum". It also contains chromones and flavonol glycosides.

</doc>
<doc id="36797627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797627" title="Hybridum">
Hybridum

Hybridum, hybrid in Latin, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36797651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797651" title="Amikwa people">
Amikwa people

The Amikwa (Ojibwe: "Amikwaa", "Beaver People"; from "amik", "beaver"), also as Amicouës, Amikouet, etc., were a Native American clan, one of the first recognized by Europeans in the 17th century. The Amikwa were Anishinaabeg peoples, and spoke an Ojibwe language. They inhabited the north shore of Lake Huron, opposite the island of Manitoulin, along the shores between Missisagi and French Rivers, and along Spanish River. In September 1753, Bacqueville de la Potherie claimed that they inhabited the shores of Lake Nipissing. They were a large, powerful group allied with the Nipissings and related to the Outchougai, Mandua, and Atchiligouan peoples. The Amikwa were nearly wiped out by disease and wars with the Iroquois and the last of the tribe appear to have merged with the Nipissings or the Ojibwe.

</doc>
<doc id="36797660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797660" title="Aeschynanthus pulcher">
Aeschynanthus pulcher

Aeschynanthus pulcher (lipstick plant, red bugle vine) is a species of evergreen perennial plant in the family Gesneriaceae, native to Java. An epiphytic climber, it produces clusters of red flowers from summer to winter.
The specific epithet "pulcher" means "pretty" or "beautiful", referring to the brilliant red blooms.
With a minimum temperature of , "A. pulcher" is grown as a houseplant in temperate regions. It has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="36797661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797661" title="De Saffraan">
De Saffraan

__NOTOC__
De Saffraan is a restaurant located in Amersfoort in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2010–present.
GaultMillau awarded the restaurant 15 out of 20 points.
Owner and head chef of "De Saffraan" is Kars van Wechem.
The restaurant is located in a 100 year old clipper named "Hoop op Welvaart", which is moored at a quay of Kleine Koppel in Amersfoort. The clipper is completely renovated and adjusted to its role as restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="36797687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797687" title="Gert Jõeäär">
Gert Jõeäär

Gert Jõeäär (born July 9, 1987) is an Estonian road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental cycling team .
Career.
In summer 2012, Jõeäär signed his first professional contract with UCI Professional Continental cycling team .

</doc>
<doc id="36797694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797694" title="Wild syringa">
Wild syringa

Wild syringa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36797698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797698" title="Rimsha Masih blasphemy case">
Rimsha Masih blasphemy case

Rimsha Masih ( — some early reports used the first name "Rifta" or "Riftah") is a Pakistani girl from Mehrabadi, Islamabad, who was arrested by Pakistani police in August 2012 and who potentially faced the death penalty for blasphemy under Pakistan's blasphemy law for allegedly desecrating pages of the Quran (or a book containing verses from the Quran) by burning. She is a member of Pakistan's Christian minority.
She was eventually acquitted of all charges.
Health condition.
There are conflicting reports as to whether she has a mental health condition, with some sources claiming that she has Down Syndrome, and her family has been reported to have told her lawyer that she suffers from mental illness. There are also conflicting reports about her age: although most sources describe her as 11 years old, she has also been claimed to be aged 14 or 16. Following a medical examination, a medical report estimated her age as being 14, and therefore a minor under Pakistani law, and stated that she had mental capacity lower than would be expected for someone of that age. This report was questioned by her accuser's lawyer, who accused the report of "favouring" her,
and a prosecuter claimed that Rimsha is actually 21 years old. 
Some reports state that she is illiterate, and may have unknowingly picked the pages of the book up from a waste dump.
Domestic and international reaction.
Her arrest caused widespread condemnation, both within Pakistan and internationally, and has been followed by a rise of inter-communal tension within Pakistan. The President of Pakistan, Asif Ali Zardari, has ordered an investigation into the arrest.
France "urged the Pakistani authorities to release this young girl" and has reaffirmed that "the very existence of the crime of blasphemy infringes upon fundamental freedoms, namely the freedom of religion or belief, as well as the freedom of expression. It urges Pakistan to comply with its international commitments in this area, notably the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights as well as the Convention on the Rights of the Child."
Members of the All Pakistan Ulema Council joined with the Pakistan Interfaith League in protest against the accusations. Her father made a personal appeal to President Zardari on her behalf. The lawyer representing her accuser claimed the government was interfering on her behalf and claimed, “If the court is not allowed to do its work, because the state is helping the accused, then the public has no other option except to take the law into their own hands.".
The civic organization Avaaz launched a campaign to release Rimsha. , the campaign petition had gathered over one million signatures.
New evidence and release on bail.
On September 2, it was reported that a local imam, Hafiz Mohammed Khalid Chishti, had been arrested on suspicion of planting pages of religious texts in Rimsha's bag.
On September 3, the chairman of the All Pakistan Ulema Council, Hafiz Mohammad Tahir Mehmood Ashrafi made a statement supporting her, describing her as a "daughter of the nation". 
On September 7, Rimsha Masih was released on bail, on a surety of 1,000,000 Pakistani rupees (US$10,570 on that date). Paul Bhatti, the Pakistani Minister for National Harmony, who had earlier stated his hopes that the case might help end the widespread abuse of the blasphemy laws, expressed "joy and satisfaction" at the development. After her release from jail, she was airlifted to an undisclosed location to rejoin her family.
Acquittal.
On November 20, 2012, Rimsha was cleared of all charges by the Islamabad High Court. In June 2013, CBC News reported her and her family to be living at an undisclosed location in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="36797728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797728" title="Free Judges">
Free Judges

The Free Judges were a class of land owners in the County of Kladsko who belonged to the Third Estate.
History.
The history of the Free Judges is closely related to the settlement of ethnic Germans in the Kłodzko Valley. This settlement began under King Wenceslaus I of Bohemia and was intensified during the reign of his son Ottokar II. Land was allocated to the Germans by the Burgrave of Glatz, in his capacity as royal governor.
The Free Judges descended mostly from German "lokators". These were people who had been granted special privileges by the King of Bohemia to reclaim and settle uninhabited areas. German law was gradually implemented in the Czech villages which already existed in the area before the arrival of the Germans. These villages were mostly located along the roads to Prague and Brno and were administered by a , an official appointed by the Burgrave. The German villages were administered by a , an official with a comparable position. Since the first half of the 14th century, they were organized in an "Association of Vogts and Judges", who saw to the compliance and enforcement of various privileges.
The Free Judges were first mentioned in a document dated 1337. The laws applicable to them were handed down orally until the 14th century. They were first written down by King Charles IV on 13 July 1348, who referred to older laws. This document confirmed existing privileges and promised that Kłodzko would never be separated from the Lands of the Bohemian Crown, nor would it be sold or mortgaged. However, the King broke his promise only two years lated, when his friend Arnošt of Pardubice, who was Archbishop of Prague donated the two villages of Starków and Szalejów Dolny, which belonged to him and his two brothers, to the Canons Regular of Glatz. Since all subjects in these two villages should be under the jurisdiction of their new landlord, the King subejcted the Free Judges of these villages to the Archbishop. They objected, however, the King forced them to submit to the Augustinian priory.
Unlike the Free Judges, the nobility in Kłodzko held their property only as a royal fief. This meant that they were not allowed to sell it, and it could only be inherited in the male line. If no male heir existed, the fief returned to the Crown. Consequently, the noblemen tried to acquire the estates of the Free Judges, which were unemcumbered. The cities and the Jesuits in the area also tried to acquire these estates. Some of the Free Judges became wealthy and gained prestige and came to be seen as lower nobility. However, in the Landtag, they formed a third estate, next to the nobility and the clergy. Legally, they were subject to the Court in Kłodzko.
During the Bohemian Revolt of 1618, most of the Free Judges sided with the rebels. They elected Free Judge Hans Wolf of Długopole Górne as their leader. He excelled during the defense of Bystrzyca Kłodzka. Nevertheless, imperial troops conquered the County of Glatz in 1622. In 1625, 49 Free Judges were sentenced to fines, or loss of up to two thirds of their property. Almost all of the Free Judges were Protestants; in 1625 they were forced to choose between converting to Catholicism, or emigrating.
During this period, the Free Judges lost most of their wealth to fines, looting and war taxes. They also lost their legal privileges, however, these privileges were restore on 7 May 1652, after they paid Emperor Ferdinand III a large sum of money. These privileges included, depending of the deed in which they were granted, brewery rights, they right to license pubs and bars, the right to sell licences for various crafts, the right to hunt foxes and hares, fishing rights and the right to hunt birds. In the next decades, most of the land held by Free Judges was acquired by noble families. The villages of Łężyce and Strachocin were raised to manors.
After serfdom was abolished, most of the privileges associated with the Free Judges' estates were lost. The estates continued to exist as landed estates.
The estate of a Free Judge.
The estate of a Free Judge was a separate legal entity with "dominium" rights. Such an estate would include land and forest, but also mills, craft workshops and often a pub, brewing rights and fishing rights. The subjects had to pay rent and provide certain services. An estate could be inherited by a child of either gender. When an estate was sold, the rights and privileges belonging to the estate were included in the sale. No taxes were levied on the estate itself, only on land added later.
The court of a Free Judge.
The Free Judge would preside over the village court, with consisted of lay judges elected by the villages. The village court dealt with police matters and low justice. As judges, the Free Judges were completely independent of the land owner and the nobility. The Free Judge received one third of all fines imposed; the other two thirds went to the land owner. The Free Judges only had jurisdiction over the free farmers in the village.
After the Hussite wars, the nobility gradually gained jurisdiction over the villages, and during the 16th century, the Free Judges lost their judicial rôle.

</doc>
<doc id="36797749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797749" title="New Brunswick Route 550">
New Brunswick Route 550

Route 550 is a long north-south secondary highway in the northwest portion of New Brunswick, Canada. 
The route starts at Route 103 (Main Street) in Woodstock on the banks of the Meduxnekeag River and the Saint John River. Until the intersection with New Brunswick Route 2, the Trans-Canada Highway, Route 550 is known as Connell Street. It then leaves the Woodstock commercial area and continues northeast, passing through Hartford, Briggs Corner, Lindsay, Lower Bloomfield, Bloomfield, and Carvell. The road turns east at Digby Corner, and takes a sharp turn to the north in Good Corner. The road then continues northeast towards the Canada/US border, passing through Long Settlement and Snow Settlement. The road ends at Route 110 in the community of Tracey Mills.

</doc>
<doc id="36797761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797761" title="ADO '20">
ADO '20

ADO '20 is a Dutch amateur association football club from Heemskerk, North Holland. They are playing in the Dutch Topklasse.
Current squad.
"As of 1 February 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="36797789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797789" title="FC Chabab">
FC Chabab

FC Chabab is a Dutch amateur association football club from Amsterdam, North Holland. They are currently playing in the Dutch Topklasse.
It is known for being a team mostly composed by players from the Moroccan community of Amsterdam.
The team was founded in 1983 and, after spending several years in the lower ranks of Dutch amateur football, was promoted to Topklasse in 2012 as playoff winners, under the guidance of former Moroccan international Alami Ahannach.
Current squad.
"As of 1 February 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="36797796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797796" title="Anter Planter">
Anter Planter

Anter Planter is a 1984 action computer game designed by Marcus Charleville & Richard Dagsköld, and published by Romik Software.
Description.
"Anter Planter" involved protecting a plot of vegetables from the constant assault of an army of ants. The game required you to balance watering and nurturing your crops with poisoning and killing off the pests. The game was only released on the Commodore 64 using the Commodore's Tape Drive media peripheral.

</doc>
<doc id="36797803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797803" title="Combustion pipette">
Combustion pipette

A combustion pipettte is an apparatus for the reaction of liquids under a mild electrical current and a supply of oxygen. In this experiment the test solution is a mixture of agar and oxalic acid in the presence of an electrolyte called cadmium chloride and an oxidant potassium permanganate. The voltage applied is 105VDC and a current of about 300mADC

</doc>
<doc id="36797814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797814" title="VV Sneek Wit Zwart">
VV Sneek Wit Zwart

VV Sneek Wit Zwart is a Dutch amateur association football club from Sneek, Friesland. They are playing Topklasse in 2012–13.

</doc>
<doc id="36797817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797817" title="Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Bosnia and Herzegovina competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, from 29 August to 9 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36797818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797818" title="Všetaty">
Všetaty

Všetaty is the name of several places in the Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="36797819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797819" title="Bulgaria at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Bulgaria at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Bulgaria competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36797821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797821" title="DETO">
DETO

DETO Twenterand (also known as DETO) is a Dutch amateur association football club from Vriezenveen, Overijssel. They are currently playing in the Topklasse, the highest tier of amateur football in the Netherlands and the third tier in general.

</doc>
<doc id="36797824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797824" title="Challenge Prince Rainier III">
Challenge Prince Rainier III

The Challenge Prince Rainier III football cup is a domestic football cup in Monaco, featuring teams from across the country. The tournament has been organised annually since 1975 and since then has been known as the premier footballing tournament for amateur teams within the principality.
Because Monaco is not a member of UEFA, there is no qualification for the winners into either the UEFA Europa League or the UEFA Champions League.
History.
The tournament was created in 1975 after Prince Rainier III requested a footballing tournament in the country be played.
President of the Organizing Committee, Joseph Destefanis, recalled how the only football game of the year had an air of folklore among the players and of the palace of Monaco. At the time the teams were completed and at the request of Prince Rainier III, the competition has grown.
Format.
In the first round of the competition, the teams are placed into groups for a round-robin stage. The best teams from these groups progress to the knockout rounds of the Challenge Prince Rainier III. The lower teams from each group then qualify for the knockout stages of the Trophée Ville de Monaco, the second level cup in Monaco underneath the Challenge Prince Rainier III.
Records.
A list of clubs that have made it to at least 1 Challenge Prince Rainier III final, reflecting their success in finals. (Up to and including the 2013 season).
List of Winners.
"Scores in brackets are penalty shoot-out results."
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="36797825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797825" title="Croatia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Croatia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Croatia competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36797830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797830" title="Cyprus at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Cyprus at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Cyprus competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36797835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797835" title="Czech Republic at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Czech Republic at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Czech Republic competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36797841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797841" title="Women's United States Open (squash) 2012">
Women's United States Open (squash) 2012

The Women's United States Squash Open 2012 is the women's edition of the 2012 United States Open (squash), which is a WSA World Series event Gold (Prize money: $70 000). The event took place at the Daskalakis Athletic Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States from the 7th of October to the 12 October. Nicol David won her first US Open trophy, beating Raneem El Weleily in the final.
Prize money and ranking points.
For 2012, the prize purse was $70,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36797851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797851" title="Christ United Church of Christ">
Christ United Church of Christ

Christ United Church of Christ, also known as The Little German Church, is a United Church of Christ church located in Baltimore, Maryland. It was formerly a German Reformed church.
History.
Christ United Church was founded in 1886 as the "Vereinigte Evangelische Christus Gemeinde" (United Evangelical Community Church of Christ). It was founded by German immigrants and was originally affiliated with the Reformed Church in the United States. The church was officially dedicated on June 9, 1888. Prior to 1910, all church services were held in the German language; since then the services have been offered in both German and English.
The congregation opened "The Evangelical Immigrant and Seamen’s Home" next to the church in 1904. This 'immigrant house' was created to serve immigrants and seamen who traveled to Baltimore; German, Irish, and Polish immigrants in particular were served. The immigrant mission operated until 1939.
In 1972, the church changed its affiliation to the United Church of Christ.

</doc>
<doc id="36797852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797852" title="West Germany at the 1976 Winter Paralympics">
West Germany at the 1976 Winter Paralympics

The West Germany competed at the 1976 Winter Paralympics in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden from February 21 to 28, 1976. The team finished first out of the sixteen competing nations in the medal table and won twenty eight medals: ten gold, twelve silver and six bronze. Athletes from West Germany competed in 76 events in two sports: Alpine Skiing and Cross Country Skiing. West Germany won 17 medals in Alpine Skiing: eight gold, seven silver and two bronze, whereas it won 15 medals in Cross Country Skiing: two gold, seven silver and six bronze.
Disability classifications.
The Paralympics groups athletes' disabilities into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing.
Alpine Skiing.
Petra Merkott won three gold medals in Women's Alpine Combination IV B, Women's Giant Slalom IV B and Women's Slalom IV B. Annemie Schneider also won three gold medals in Women's Alpine Combination IB, Women's Giant Slalom I and Women's Slalom I. Other medalists included Traudl Weber, who won three silver medal; Hans Strasser who won one gold, one silver and one bronze; Richard Prager who won two silver medals; Ulli Helmbold who won one gold; and Peter Braun who won one bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36797854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797854" title="List of Permanent Representatives of the United Kingdom to NATO">
List of Permanent Representatives of the United Kingdom to NATO

The Permanent Representative to the North Atlantic Council is the senior member of the United Kingdom's delegation to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
Military Representatives to NATO.
Military representatives have included:

</doc>
<doc id="36797863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797863" title="Westwood, Chester County, Pennsylvania">
Westwood, Chester County, Pennsylvania

Westwood is a census-designated place (CDP) in Valley Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 950 at the 2010 census.
Geography.
Westwood is located at , immediately west of the city of Coatesville. Valley Road (Pennsylvania Route 372) passes through the center of the village, connecting Coatesville with Pomeroy and Parkesburg to the west.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land.

</doc>
<doc id="36797865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797865" title="Westwood, Pennsylvania">
Westwood, Pennsylvania

Westwood, Pennsylvania may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36797873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797873" title="A Decade Under the Influence (film)">
A Decade Under the Influence (film)

A Decade Under the Influence is a 2003 American documentary film, directed by Ted Demme and Richard LaGravenese. It was produced by Independent Film Channel. It's about the "turning point" in American cinema in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="36797881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797881" title="Diah Permatasari">
Diah Permatasari

Diah Permatasari (born 5 May 1990) is an Indonesian fencer. She competed in the individual sabre event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the round of 32 by Mariel Zagunis.

</doc>
<doc id="36797887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797887" title="Roxy Cinema (Kolkata)">
Roxy Cinema (Kolkata)

Roxy Cinema is a single screen cinema hall located in Esplanade Metro, Chowringhee Place, Dharmatala, Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
History.
Roxy Cinema started as an Opera House. In early 1940s the house was converted into a cinema. The hall had high banisters but during this conversion stage height was removed. In 1941 the first film screened in this theatre was Ashok Kumar-starrer "Naya Sansar". Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose came to this theatre to watch Ashok Kumar-starrer "Kismet" (1943), which ran for 108 weeks at Roxy.
In 2005 the theatre was renovated by its owners. In 2011, Kolkata Municipal Corporation seized the theatre as the theatre owners did not pay lease agreement renewal dues.

</doc>
<doc id="36797890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797890" title="Women's Network Croatia">
Women's Network Croatia

Women's Network Croatia is network of non-governmental organizations based in Zagreb, Croatia. The network is engaged in advocacy and protection of Women's rights.

</doc>
<doc id="36797906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797906" title="Charles McLawhorn">
Charles McLawhorn

Charles L. McLawhorn (July 13, 1927 – February 5, 2000) was a Democratic Party member of the North Carolina House of Representatives.
McLawhorn was born in Winterville, North Carolina, in Pitt County, on July 13, 1927. He attended Ayden High School and Oak Ridge Military Academy, followed by North Carolina State University. He served as a Pitt County Commissioner and was elected to the North Carolina House in 1990. He lost his Ninth District seat to Republican Henry Aldridge in the November 1994 election.
McLawhorn died in Winterville on February 5, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36797916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797916" title="Monte Naranco">
Monte Naranco

Monte Naranco is a mountain in Oviedo, Spain. The church Santa María del Naranco is situated on its slopes. It is also known as the finish for the bicycle races Subida al Naranco and Vuelta a España.

</doc>
<doc id="36797918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797918" title="Spendthrift (film)">
Spendthrift (film)

Spendthrift is a 1936 American Paramount Pictures romance film directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Henry Fonda, Pat Paterson and Mary Brian.
Reception.
The film recorded a loss of $126,925.

</doc>
<doc id="36797927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797927" title="The Darkened Room">
The Darkened Room

The Darkened Room: Women, Power and Spiritualism in Late Victorian England is a historical study into the role played by women in the Spiritualist religious movement in England during the latter part of the 19th century. It was written by the British historian Alex Owen and first published in 1989 by Virago, before being republished in 2004 by the University of Chicago Press.
A work of feminist history which arose from Owen's PhD thesis undertaken at the University of Sussex, "The Darkened Room" looks at the role of women in the Spiritualist movement of the period, counterbalacing what Owen perceived as a former focus on the role of men.
Background.
Owen and her research.
The basis to "The Darkened Room" came from Owen's PhD thesis, undertaken at the University of Sussex. Exploring "the idea of femininity as a social construct", she initially planned to focus her thesis on the manner in which Victorian medical science played in reinforcing "a feminine norm", but in doing so came upon the case of Louisa Lowe, a woman who appeared in front of the Parliamentary Select Committee in 1887, claiming that she had been wrongly incarcerated in a mental asylum by her husband because she was a Spiritualist. Fascinated by the relationship between this Spiritualist movement and women in Late Victorian England, she decided to refocus her doctorate on this topic instead.
Highlighting that the majority of scholarly work on the subject of Spiritualism had focused on male members of the religion, she decided to take a feminist approach to the subject by focusing on the women. Deciding to explore "issues of power and subversion", she adopted the definition of "power" provided by the famous French philosopher Michel Foucault (1926–1984). Owen took as her primary source material the published tracts, personal accounts and newsletters of the Late Victorian Spiritualist movement, noting that W.H. Harrison's "Spiritualist" and James Burns' "Human Nature" and "Medium Daybreak" proved to be "the most useful, enlightening and engaging." A non-Spiritualist, Owen admitted that she could not explain many of the accounts of spirits which appeared in the accounts of Spiritualist séances.
Following the completion of her thesis, Owen moved to the United States, taking up a Research Fellowship at the University of California, San Diego from 1983 until 1986 and then a position as a Research Associate and Visiting Lecturer in the Women's Program in Religion at the Harvard Divinity School from 1986 until 1987, funded by the Rockefeller Foundation. It was while working in these positions that she wrote up her thesis as "The Darkened Room".
Reception.
Press reviews.
"The Darkened Room" was reviewed by Dinah Birch for the "London Review of Books". Birch noted that by the 1980s, Spiritualism had been "bundled out of sight, like a batty old aunt at a family gathering", ignoring the importance that it had held in Victorian society. Describing Owen's work as "solid and compelling", she highlighted a number of its arguments.

</doc>
<doc id="36797936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797936" title="Morten Søndergaard">
Morten Søndergaard

Morten Søndergaard (October 3, 1964 in Copenhagen) is a Danish writer, translator, editor and sound artist.
Life.
From 1989 to 1991, Morten Søndergaard attended the Danish Writer's school (Forfatterskolen) in Copenhagen, and obtained his MA in comparative literature at the University of Copenhagen in 1995. From 2002 to 2008 he co-edited the literary magazine "Hvedekorn" with Thomas Thøfner, and also co-founded the poetry magazine "Øverste Kirurgiske" (Upper surgery). In 2003 and again in 2007 he was nominated for the Nordic Council Literature Prize. He is married to Merete Pryds Helle. They lived together in Italy for 8 years before moving back to Copenhagen, first in the town Vinci, Tuscany, then in Pietrasanta. Søndergaard used his time in Italy as the basis for two of his works, "Vinci, Senere" and "Processen og det halve kongerige".
Work.
Søndergaard debuted in 1992 with "Sahara i mine hænder" (Sahara in my hands). His breakthrough to a wider audience came in 1998 with "Bier dør sovende" (Bees die sleeping). Based on his experiences living in and coming back to Italy, the poetry collection "Vinci, Senere" (Vinci, Later; 2002), deals with the subjects of time and movement. These themes are expanded in the collection "Et skridt i den rigtige retning", (A step in the right direction, 2005), which explores the relation between walking and poetry. In the poetical narrative "Processen og det halve kongerige" (The process and half the kingdom, 2010), Søndergaard again returns to his time in Italy, and to his childhood, this time focusing on perception and the senses.
In his poetry, Søndergaard "lets the world intrude and enrich the imagination, so that new, surreal and "hyper"-real images emerge – with a different outlook on the world as a result. Not quite without humour". His books have been translated into Arabic, English, German, French, Italian, Swedish and Serbian.
While Søndergaard primarily works as a poet, he has also branched out into numerous other media. He has thus created a series of exhibitions and installations, as well as having produced both musical and dramatic works. The sensorial nature of his poetry and the physical nature of some of his other works thus combine to bring poetry and world closer together. In the artist's own words: "I try to approach both poetry and world by making the two phenomena collide and then see what happens.". He has also translated several works by Jorge Luis Borges into Danish.
Søndergaards "Ordapotek" (Wordpharmacy) is a concrete poetical work, which equates the structure of language with pharmaceutical products. This poetic experiment consists of ten boxes of medicines, one for each word class, such as verbs, nouns or adverb. A leaflet in each package explains the dangers of overdose and the like. For example, the leaflet for Pronouns explains: "Use Pronouns once a day. Drink plenty of water. After the first week you can increase the number of Pronouns used to as much as 2 Pronouns daily, depending on what has been agreed with the others. You can use Pronouns any time of day, by itself or together with a meal. Pronounce Pronouns loudly and clearly. Do not chew them.".

</doc>
<doc id="36797943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797943" title="B.a.B.e.">
B.a.B.e.

B.a.B.e. is non-governmental organization based in Zagreb, Croatia that promote and protect Women's rights.
Activities.
Some of B.a.B.e. activities include demanding accountability of public officials for not punishing violence and crimes, researching discrimination in the employment of women who are members of the Serbian national minority, defending rights of sexual minorities, and recognition of rape as a war crime.
In recent years B.a.b.e. has been the most active group in Croatia carrying out analyses of female representation in the media. It also helped create the South Eastern Europe Legal Initiative (SEELINE) which involves 10 countries from the region. The "UN Fund to End Violence against Women" selected B.a.B.e. project as one of 22 (out of 2573 NGO applications) accepted in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36797946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797946" title="Henry Baerer">
Henry Baerer

Henry Baerer (1837-1908) was an American sculptor born in Munich, Germany.
Works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36797951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797951" title="Alphonso Gerard">
Alphonso Gerard

Alphonso "Piggy" Gerard (January 22, 1916 - July 14, 2002) was a baseball outfielder in the Negro Leagues. He played professionally in the United States from 1945 to 1948 with the New York Black Yankees, Indianapolis Clowns, and the Chicago American Giants. He was born and died on Saint Croix. Gerard was the only native of the Virgin Islands to play in the Negro Leagues.
The bulk of Gerard's pro career took place in the Puerto Rican Winter League. He played there from the 1944-45 season until retiring after the winter of 1957-58. He also played professionally in Mexico (1946) and the Dominican Republic (1953). 

</doc>
<doc id="36797966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797966" title="Holy Rosary Church (Idaho Falls, Idaho)">
Holy Rosary Church (Idaho Falls, Idaho)

The Holy Rosary Church on E. Ninth St. in Idaho Falls, Idaho was built in 1948. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36797989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36797989" title="Holy Rosary Church Rectory">
Holy Rosary Church Rectory

The Holy Rosary Church Rectory at 220 W. Main in Bozeman, Montana was built in 1912. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36798007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798007" title="Home to Stay">
Home to Stay

Home to Stay is a 1978 Canadian-made CBS-TV television drama film directed by Delbert Mann and starring Henry Fonda, Michael McGuire and Frances Hyland. Fonda is said to play "an old man who runs away from home with his young granddaughter rather than be placed in an old folks home.

</doc>
<doc id="36798020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798020" title="Venniyani Mala">
Venniyani Mala

Venniyani Mala is a mountain in Thodupuzha Taluk near Thodupuzha where Victor George, a photographer of Malayala Manorama daily, met his death in 2001 due to a landslide.

</doc>
<doc id="36798032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798032" title="Will Young (cricketer)">
Will Young (cricketer)

William Alexander Young, known as Will Young, (born 22 November 1992 in New Plymouth, New Zealand) is a cricketer who plays as an allrounder for the New Zealand Under-19 cricket team and was captain of the team at 2012 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
In the 2011-12 New Zealand domestic cricket season he made his first-class debut for Central Districts.

</doc>
<doc id="36798042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798042" title="Masis Voskanyan">
Masis Voskanyan

Masis Voskanyan (born 11 July 1990) is an Armenian international footballer who plays professionally for Belgian club Roeselare, as a midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Abovyan, Voskanyan has played club football in Belgium for Club Brugge and Roeselare.
International career.
Between 2009 and 2010, Voskanyan played for the Armenian under-17 national team. In 2010, Voskanyan played for the Armenian under-19 national team, appearung in qualifying matches for the 2010 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship. His debut was on 4 September 2009, in a home game against Switzerland, which ended with a 1-3 defeat.
Voskanyan made his debut for the Armenian senior team in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36798043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798043" title="Xigongda High school">
Xigongda High school

Xigongda High School was founded in 1971. It is located in the southern suburbs of Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, covering an area of over 34,000 m2 and building area of 32,000 square meters. The school's existing staff consists of 235 people, and more than 4,000 students. Since 1995, under the leadership of principals in Wang Yongzhi, Xigongda High School has had a rapid development. Since 2000, the rate for the college entrance examination for leading universities has been maintained at over 96%. Xigongda High School has trained four of the top students in Shaanxi Province. Until 2008, there were in total 351 students admitted to Beijing University and Tsinghua University.

</doc>
<doc id="36798053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798053" title="Tom Gee">
Tom Gee

Thomas Henry Gee, Jr. (February 9, 1900 – August 15, 1984) was an African-American baseball catcher in the Negro Leagues. He played for the Lincoln Giants in 1925. In 1926, he started the year with the Newark Stars, but returned to the Giants after Newark disbanded midseason. Gee's brother, Rich, also played in the Negro Leagues, and was Tom's teammate with the Giants in 1925 and 1926. 

</doc>
<doc id="36798069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798069" title="Civil defense by country">
Civil defense by country

Many countries around the world have civil defense organizations dedicated to protecting civilians from military attacks and providing rescue services after widespread disasters. In most countries, civil defense is a government-managed and often volunteer-staffed organization.
Towards the end of the Cold War, a number of civil defense organizations have been disbanded or mothballed (as in the case of the Royal Observer Corps in the United Kingdom and the United States civil defense), while others have changed their focuses into providing rescue services after natural disasters (as for the State Emergency Service in Australia).
Americas.
Canada.
Large fallout shelters, known as "Diefenbunkers" were built at rural locations outside major cities across Canada at the height of the Cold War during the infancy of the ICBM threat.
Among the "Core Missions" of the Canada First Defense Strategy (under the Canadian Department of National Defense) are to respond to terrorist attacks and other crises such as natural disasters.
Caribbean.
Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, the British Virgin Islands, Dominica, Grenada, Guyana, Haiti, Jamaica, Montserrat, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, and the Turks and Caicos Islands, are members of the Caribbean Disaster Emergency Management Agency, which organizes relief efforts after widespread disasters. Antigua and Barbuda, Barbados, Dominica, Grenada, Saint Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, and St. Vincent and the Grenadines are also members of the Regional Security System, which may also provide assistance during national emergencies.
Panama.
The Panama Civil Defense Seismic Network has the capability of informing and warning citizens of hazardous conditions such as earthquakes, volcanoes, or tsunami.
United States.
The Office of Civilian Defense was set up May 20, 1941, by Executive Order 8757, to co-ordinate state and federal measures for protection of civilians in case of war emergency. The Federal Civil Defense Administration (FCDA) was organized on December 1, 1950, and distributed civil defense information until it was merged with FEMA in 1979. Between 1979 and 2001, the duties of Civil Defense were served by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). FEMA was absorbed into the Department of Homeland Security in 2003.
Australia.
Australia's State Emergency Service is a fully volunteer organization intended to provide emergency help during and after officially declared disasters. The SES is one of many public safety organizations using the Australasian Inter-Service Incident Management System.
Eurasia.
Albania.
Civil Protection in Albania is coordinated by "Drejtoria e Përgjithshme e Emergjencave Civile" (General Directorate of Civil Emergencies), a department within the Ministry of Interior of Albania. Established in 2001, this Directorate deals with preparedness and response to natural and man-made disasters.
China.
China continues to construct large public emergency shelters. Not less than three large (maximum capacity of around 8000) shelters are to be completed in the Shanghai area by 2012, with more planned. The ironic completion date of late 2012 has been dismissed as coincidence, with the true intent claimed to be a response to the 2008 Sichuan earthquakes, "as a precaution against possible natural disasters."
Cyprus.
The Cyprus Civil Defense Force was established in 1964 in response to the Turkish bombings of Tilliria in order to protect the civilian population and to help it recover from the immediate effects of hostilities or disasters.
Denmark.
The Danish Emergency Management Agency is a governmental agency under the Ministry of Defence chiefly tasked with preparing for and responding to natural disasters and national emergencies in Denmark. The DEMA is also capable of deploying abroad on request from other states. It evolved from the wartime "Civilforsvarsstyrelsen" (Civil Defense Agency), and the general public still often refer to it as the Civil Defense.
Finland.
Civil defense in Finland is a civilian effort, coordinated by the Ministry of Interior through the Civil Defense Act of 1958, to provide shelters in high-risk areas, evacuate civilian populations from threatened areas, and limit damage from natural disasters.
France.
The Direction de la Défense de la Sécurité Civile (Department of Civil Defense and Emergency Preparedness) is the civil defence agency of the French Government, which includes the Sous-Direction des Sapeur-pompiers and the Sous-Direction des opérations de Secours et de la coopération civilo-militaire (Rescue operation and civil-military cooperation branch).
Germany.
The German Federal Agency for Technical Relief (THW Technisches Hilfswerk) is an organization of voluntary experts as an authority in the department of the Federal Ministry of the Interior, founded in 1950.
Ireland.
Civil Defence Ireland, established in 1950 in response to the threat of nuclear disaster following "The Emergency", is operated at local authority level in conjunction with the Department of Defence.
Isle of Man.
Established in 1949, the IOMCDC is an emergency service of the Isle of Man Government, with a wide brief for emergency response, civilian evacuation, flood control, disaster management, emergency communications, and mass decontamination.
Israel.
The Israeli Home Front Command was created in February 1992 to cope with the variety of military and terrorist threats to the centers of civilian population in Israel.
Italy.
The Protezione Civile (Civil Protection) deals with the prediction, prevention and management of exceptional events.
Lebanon.
The Directorate General for the Lebanese Civil Defense works alongside the Lebanese Red Cross and is administered by the Ministry of Interior and Municipalities (Lebanon). It provides search and rescue, fire-fighting and pre-hospital services.
Monaco.
The Corps des Sapeurs-Pompiers is a military force, consisting of 135 military personnel and 25 civilian employees, which handles fire-fighting and civil defense duties.
Norway.
The Norwegian Civil Defence support the police, fire departments and health care during larger incidents which those departments do not have the manpower to handle.
Philippines.
The Office of Civil Defense began as the National Civil Defense Administration, established on August 18, 1954 through the Civil Defense Act of 1954. The Department of National Defense exercises executive supervision over the Office of Civil Defense.
On September 27, 2010 the 'Philippine Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Act of 2010' was passed to strengthen the country's disaster risk reduction and management system in response to Typhoon Ondoy.
Romania.
In Romania, the General Inspectorate for Emergency Situations (RO: "Inspectoratul General pentru Situaţii de Urgenţă") is the governmental body responsible for nationwide civil defence. Each county has a bureau in charge of emergency management in the area. IGSU is accountable for the construction and maintenance of public ABC shelters.
The concept of centralized civil defence arose in 1933, through the Royal Decree 433. It continues to be part of various ministries, such as Internal Affairs and Defence.
Russia.
During the Soviet era, specialized civil defence subunits were maintained in order to provide assistance to the population afterbombing raids and nuclear, biological or chemical attacks. And today, by law, the Ministry of the Russian Federation for Affairs for Civil Defence, Emergencies and Elimination of Consequences of Natural Disasters civil defence troops must retain such a wartime role. Thus they are charged with the organisation and coordination of Russian military forces for the purpose of civil defence not only during natural and manmade disasters, but also during wartime.
San Marino.
The Civil Police are responsible for civil defence, as well as tax collection, domestic security, and traffic control.
Singapore.
The Singapore Civil Defense Force (SCDF) was established by the Civil Defense Act of 1986 as an independent organization under the Ministry of Home Affairs. The SCDF and the Singapore Fire Service were formally merged in 1989.
South Korea.
On December 15, 2010, Seoul held its largest civil defense drill in since 1975, in response to the Bombardment of Yeonpyeong.
Sri Lanka.
The Sri Lanka Department of Civil Security is a paramilitary force which is tasked as an auxiliary to the Sri Lanka Police. It evolved from the "Home Guards" created in response to attacks by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.
Sweden.
Swedish civil defense "consists of a diverse range of activities conducted by society to strengthen the ability to cope with a state of heightened alert and war." Sweden's objectives of civil defence are to: protect the civilian population; contribute to peace and security; and strengthen societies ability to prevent and manage severe peacetime emergencies.
Switzerland.
The Swiss Federal Office for Civil Protection (FOCP), under the Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection and Sports, is responsible for the coordination of civil defense services. It operates the National Emergency Operations Center (NEOC) and the Spiez Laboratory, which is responsible for weapons of mass destruction research and protection. Switzerland built an extensive network of fallout shelters during the cold war, including the Sonnenberg Tunnel. The reference Nuclear War Survival Skills declared that, as of 1986, "Switzerland has the best civil defense system, one that already includes blast shelters for over 85 percent of all its citizens."
United Kingdom.
The Civil Defence Corps was a civilian volunteer organization established in Great Britain in 1949, existing until 1968, to aid in the aftermath of a nuclear attack.

</doc>
<doc id="36798108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798108" title="Rich Gee">
Rich Gee

Richard Raymond "Rich" Gee (July 16, 1894 – January 3, 1968) was an African-American baseball catcher in the Negro Leagues. He played for the Lincoln Giants from 1923 to 1926. Gee's brother, Tom, also played in the Negro Leagues, and was Rich's teammate with the Giants in 1925 and 1926. 

</doc>
<doc id="36798115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798115" title="Miss Tourism Queen International">
Miss Tourism Queen International

Miss Tourism Queen International or Miss TQI is an international beauty pageant founded by Mr. Charlie See, while Mr Alex Liu is the current president. The first edition of this contest was held in Hangzhou, China in 2004. There has been 7 editions of the competition. The current Miss Tourism Queen International is Alisa Miskovska from Latvia. She was crowned on October 3, 2013 in Xianning, China.

</doc>
<doc id="36798122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798122" title="CJ Adams">
CJ Adams

Cameron John "CJ" Adams (born April 6, 2000) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Timothy Green in the 2012 film "The Odd Life of Timothy Green".
Early life.
Adams was born and raised in Rhode Island, the son of Donna and Matt Adams, a "New York Times" best-selling author, golf expert, and host of a show on SiriusXM satellite radio.
Career.
Adams played the title character in the 2012 feature film "The Odd Life of Timothy Green", which earned him the Young Artist Award for Best Leading Young Actor Age Ten and Under. He previously had a role in the 2007 feature film "Dan in Real Life".

</doc>
<doc id="36798141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798141" title="Oyasumi, Good Night">
Oyasumi, Good Night

"Jal jayo Good Night" (Korean: "Jaljayo Good Night"; Japanese: "Oyasumi, Good Night"), also known as Sleep Well, Good Night, is the third and lead single from the repackaged edition of B1A4's album Ignition. A Japanese version of the song was released on August 29, 2012 as the group's second Japanese single.
Composition.
The song was written by the members Baro and Jinyoung, who also composed the song. In the special edition of the album "Ignition", the song is listed as track 1. An instrumental version of the song was also included as track 13.
Promotions.
The TV promotions of the song started in May 25, 2012 on KBS "Music Bank". It was also promoted on the shows "Show! Music Core" and "Inkigayo". The promotions of the song and album ended in June 23, 2012, on MBC's "Show! Music Core".
Music video.
The music video was released in May 24, 2012, along with the repackaged album digital release.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number 23 in Gaon's Weekly singles chart in the week of September 27, 2012, with 11,776,275 points. On the following week the song climbed ten positions and charted at number 13, the current peak of the song. It dropped back to number 23 on the following week. It is currently the most successful single of the group.
Japanese version.
After finish promoting the song on South Korea, the Japanese version of the song was announced as the group's second Japanese single. It will be released in August 29, 2012 in 3 editions: CD+DVD, CD+Goods and a Regular edition. 
Composition.
The song was originally written by the members Jinyoung and Baro, and translated in Japanese by MEG.ME. The b-side "Baby I'm Sorry" and bonus track "So Fine" were originally recorded in Korean, released on the album "Ignition". "Fly Away", bonus track of the Regular edition, is an original Japanese song.

</doc>
<doc id="36798151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798151" title="Joseph Anton Fischer">
Joseph Anton Fischer

Joseph Anton Fischer, born at Oberstorf, Algäu, in 1814, was at first a cow-herd, but being assisted by Ch. Schraudolf, he studied at the Academy at Munich under Schlotthauer, and visited Italy in 1832 and 1843. During this time he executed cartoons under H. Hess for the glass-paintings of the Auerkirche, representing "The Flight into Egypt," "Death of the Virgin," "Burial of the Virgin," "Christ in the Temple," "The Three Kings," "The Angel's Salutation," "The Marriage of the Virgin," and "The Prophecy of Simeon in the Temple." He was a follower of Fra Angelico, and painted from 1844 to 1848 the cartoons for eight glass-paintings for the cathedral at Cologne, representing "St. John the Baptist preaching," "The Adoration of the Magi," "The Taking down from the Cross," "The Stoning of St. Stephen," "The Descent of the Holy Ghost," "The Four Great Prophets," "The Four Evangelists," and "The Four Western Fathers"; for these he obtained the gold medal of Prussia. Several beautiful pen-and-ink drawings by this artist are in different collections, especially in Munich, where he died in 1859. 
Among his oil paintings are the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="36798153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798153" title="Ceratocephala">
Ceratocephala

Ceratocephala may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="36798156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798156" title="Ljubav">
Ljubav

Ljubav may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36798186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798186" title="Adam Campbell (footballer, born 1995)">
Adam Campbell (footballer, born 1995)

Adam Campbell (born 1 January 1995) is an English footballer who plays for Newcastle United. Campbell plays as a striker and winger.
Career.
Born in North Shields and attended St Bernadette's R.C Primary School in Wallsend and St Thomas More R.C High School in North Shields from 2006-2011,He is also a practicing Roman Catholic, Campbell is regarded as a big prospect for the future both with Newcastle and England, He is a product of Wallsend Boys Club.
Campbell won the Most Valuable Player award at the 2010 Nike Cup at Old Trafford. In addition, Campbell was awarded Premier Player of the Tournament at the 2012 Milk Cup.
He made his competitive debut against Atromitos in the UEFA Europa League on 23 August 2012, becoming the youngest player to play for Newcastle in European competitions. Campbell made his Premier League debut for Newcastle United on 10 March 2013, taking up a position on the left wing. He came off the bench late in the second half in a 2–1 win against Stoke City, making a pass to Sylvain Marveaux who assisted Papiss Cissé for the winner.
Carlisle United (loan).
On 2 August 2013, Campbell scored a brace in a pre-season friendly against Gateshead, the end result finishing 2–1. Later in August, Campbell joined Carlisle United on a one-month loan deal. He made his debut for Carlisle on 17 August 2013, coming on at half-time in a 4–0 loss to Coventry City. Later that month he was recalled from his loan.
St Mirren (loan).
It was announced on 26 December 2013, that Campbell had agreed a loan deal with Scottish Premiership side St. Mirren, which would start on 1 January 2014 and run until the end of the season.
He scored on his St Mirren debut, in a 2–1 defeat against Kilmarnock in a Scottish Premiership match at Rugby Park, on 2 January 2014.
Campbell ended his loan spell with the club, making 12 appearances in total and scoring two goals.

</doc>
<doc id="36798191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798191" title="BD+48 740">
BD+48 740

BD+48 740 is a giant star suspected of having recently engulfed one of its planets. The star has an overabundance of lithium in its atmosphere, a metal that is destroyed by nuclear reactions in stars. Detection of radial velocity variations indicate a companion planet of 1.6 jupiter masses in a highly eccentric orbit, making orbits of other planets unstable. These indications make the discoverers conclude that another planet has recently plunged into the star, been destroyed, and contributed its lithium content to the star.

</doc>
<doc id="36798194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798194" title="Live Unplugged">
Live Unplugged

Live Unplugged may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36798201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798201" title="915th Tactical Fighter Group">
915th Tactical Fighter Group

The 915th Tactical Fighter Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the Tenth Air Force, based at Homestead Air Force Base, Delaware. It was inactivated on 1 April 1981.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 915th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 915th TCG was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 435th TCW in 1963, the others being the 916th Troop Carrier Group at Donaldson AFB, South Carolina and the 917th Troop Carrier Group at Barksdale AFB, Louisiana.
Transferred from TAC to Military Air Transport Service (later Military Airlift Command) control, being upgraded to a C-124 Globemaster II long range intercontinental transport group in 1965. Operated aircraft on flights to Europe, Bermuda, and Puerto Rico. Supported Vietnam War, by the end of 1966, the unit had flown several missions into Tan Son Nhut Air Base in South Vietnam. Ordered to Active Service to support airlift to Japan and South Korea in 1968 in support of the Pueblo incident. Relieved and returned to the reserve in June 1969. Inactivated in 1971 as part of phaseout of C-124 Globemaster. 
Reactivated by Aerospace Defense Command in 1976 as a reserve EC-121T Constellation Airborne Early Warning and Control unit, operating flights from Homestead to Naval Air Station Keflavik, Iceland. Mission of group was early warning of unknown aircraft approaching the east coast of the United States and monitoring of Soviet Air Force flights along the Atlantic Coast to and from Cuba. 
In 1978 ADCOM began phaseout of the EC-121 as the E-3A Sentry AWACS aircraft entered the aircraft inventory. The Air Force Reserve began conversion of the 915th AEW&CG as a tactical fighter group and inactivated the 79th AEW&CS. Jurisdiction was transferred to Tenth Air Force and the group was redesigned as the 915th Tactical Fighter Group. Group was the first Air Force Reserve F-4C Phantom II unit in October 1978. 
Inactivated in 1981 when Tenth Air Force elevated its presence at Homestead to a Wing level, with personnel and equipment was transferred to the new 482d Tactical Fighter Wing.

</doc>
<doc id="36798203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798203" title="The Basic Income">
The Basic Income

The Basic income, a cultural impulse is a German-Swiss documentary that promotes the idea of a Basic income. The film, directed by Daniel Häni and Enno Schmidt, was released in 2008. Since then, it has been translated into several languages among which are Bulgarian, Chinese, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Slovak, Slovenian, and Spanish.
The documentary has been mainly broadcast on the internet and has reached more than 500,000 views by 2012 according to the official website. Versions with subtitles in many languages as well as dubbed versions in French and Slovak can be viewed on YouTube.
"The video was used as a basis for discussion in numerous groups during the time the Swiss petition for a Basic Income to be included in the Constitution was under way."

</doc>
<doc id="36798214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798214" title="Long Night">
Long Night

Long Night may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36798225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798225" title="Bineesh Vadavathy">
Bineesh Vadavathy

Bineesh Vadavathy (born 19 May 1977) is a Mozambican cricketer. Vadavathy is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium bowler. He is currently the captain of the Mozambican cricket team.
Vadavathy started his international career in 2006.
In his 5 years as a cricketer, Vadavathy, along with playing for Mozambique has played for the following clubs

</doc>
<doc id="36798227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798227" title="Jonas Hofmann">
Jonas Hofmann

Jonas Hofmann (; born 14 July 1992) is a German footballer who plays as a winger for Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga.
Hofmann started his first Bundesliga game with the BVB senior side on 6 April 2013. Dortmund beat Augsburg by a score of 4–2, and Hofmann was credited with an assist.
Club career.
Early career.
Hofmann began his club career in 1998 playing at FC Rot in the municipality of St. Leon-Rot and remained there until the end of the 2003–2004 season, before he moved to 1899 Hoffenheim in the 2004–2005 season. Hofmann debuted for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim second team in a 1–0 victory in April 2011 during the 2010–2011 season. At the end of the 2010–2011 season playing for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim II, Hofmann made five league appearances, in which he scored two goals.
Borussia Dortmund.
In the 2011–2012 season, Hofmann signed a contract for Borussia Dortmund until 30 June 2015; and inducted into Borussia Dortmund II for 2011–2012 season. Hofmann debuted for Borussia Dortmund II and in the black-and-yellow kit of BVB on 6 August 2011 in a 2–0 away victory over 1. FC Kaiserslautern II and immediately scored his first goal of the 2011–2012 season. On 10 September 2011, Hofmann succeeded in scoring two goals in a 4–0 away victory over the second team of Schalke 04. In the 2012–2013 Bundesliga season, Hofmann was inducted into the Borussia Dortmund first team.
Hofmann debuted for Borussia Dortmund first team in the 2012–2013 Bundesliga season on 16 December 2012, in BVB's 3–1 away victory over TSG 1899 Hoffenheim, where he came on as substitute in the 89th minute.
On 16 April 2012, Hofmann started his first match in the Bundesliga in the 2012–2013 Bundesliga season, where he was credited with an assist to Julian Schieber to score an equalizing goal tap-in finish for a 2–2 scorline in BVB's 4–2 home victory over FC Augsburg. 
On 27 July 2013, Hofmann won the 2013 DFL-Supercup with Dortmund 4-2 against rivals Bayern Munich. Hofmann's first goal for Borussia Dortmund came on 18 August 2013 in a BVB victory; the opening goal against Eintracht Braunschweig at BVB's Signal Iduna Park, after coming on as a substitute in the second half of the second round of 2013–2014 Bundesliga. On 12 April 2014, Hofmann scored the third goal as Dortmund violated Bayern Munich in a 3-0 win at the Allianz Arena.
International career.
Hofmann played between the years 2009 and 2010 for the German U18 national football team and he completed his last cap for the under 18 national team with a victory on 25 March 2010 against France U18 national football team, before going on to represent the German U21 national football team.
Career statistics.
Club.
1
2
3

</doc>
<doc id="36798239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798239" title="Victor Manuel Rivera">
Victor Manuel Rivera

Victor Manuel Rivera (1916–December 24, 2005) was an American Episcopalian priest and bishop. He served from 1968 to 1989 as the third bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of San Joaquin.
Education and early career.
Rivera was born in Penuelas, Puerto Rico, where his father and four uncles were Episcopalian priests. In 1944, he graduated from the Church Divinity School of the Pacific in Berkeley, California, and was ordained to the priesthood. From 1943 to 1944 he was vicar of Grace Church in Martinez, California, and from 1945 to 1968, he was rector of St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Visalia, California. He also held diocesan offices in the Diocese of San Joaquin.
Episcopacy.
In 1968, Rivera was elected third bishop of the Diocese of San Joaquin. He served until his retirement in January 1989, shortly after reaching the mandatory retirement age of 72. He was succeeded by bishop coadjutor John-David Schofield, who had been elected in the fall of 1988.
By the end of Rivera's episcopacy, the Diocese of San Joaquin was one of only six in the Episcopal Church that had not ordained any women to the priesthood. Rivera opposed the ordination of women and sexually active homosexuals during his episcopacy, describing his diocese as "not willing to do away with biblical teachings and the beliefs of the church." When his daughter Nedi was ordained to the Episcopalian priesthood in 1976, Rivera did not attend her ordination service.
Later life.
Rivera is reported to have changed his mind on women's ordination after his retirement as bishop, as he participated with approval in the consecration of Nedi Rivera as bishop suffragan in the Episcopal Diocese of Olympia. 
Rivera's wife, Barbara, died in April 2005, and he died eight months later on December 23 in Orinda, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="36798241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798241" title="Erik Durm">
Erik Durm

Erik Durm (born 12 May 1992) is a German footballer who plays as a left back for Borussia Dortmund in the Bundesliga. On 10 August 2013, Durm made his BVB and Bundesliga debut against FC Augsburg.
Club career.
Early career.
Durm began his club career in 1998 at the academy of SG Rieschweiler, before joining the academy of 1. FC Saarbrücken in 2008 where he became youth league top scorer of the 2009–2010 season with 13 goals. In July 2010, Durm was enrolled at the academy of 1. FSV Mainz 05 and won the 2010–11 Youth Federation Cup in Germany and Durm debuted and played his only game of the 2010–11 season for the second team of 1. FSV Mainz 05 on 4 December 2010 against SV Elversberg in the German Regionalliga.
In the 2011–12 season, Durm succeeded to the second team of 1. FSV Mainz 05 and scored seven goals in 1. FSV Mainz 05 II's and his first 10 games. Then Durm went on to score two goals in a 1. FSV Mainz 05 II 3–0 away win on matchday 7 against the second team of Eintracht Frankfurt. Following the scoring of nine goals in the first half of the 2011–12 season, Durm scored four goals in the second half of the 2011–12 season and in January 2012, both 1. FSV Mainz 05 and Borussia Dortmund offered Durm a professional contract, but Durm declined the offer from 1. FSV Mainz 05 to sign with BVB.
Borussia Dortmund.
In the 2012–13 season, Durm signed a contract with Borussia Dortmund until June 2014 and Durm was inducted into Borussia Dortmund II competing in the German 3. Liga. In the 2012–13 3. Liga season, on 21 July 2012, Durm made his professional football debut in a game for Borussia Dortmund II against VfL Osnabrück in the 3. Liga. On 18 May 2013, Durm featured in the 38th last matchday of the 2012–23 3. Liga season for Borussia Dortmund II in a 1–0 away win over the second team of VfB Stuttgart.
In the 2013–14 Bundesliga season, Durm was inducted into Borussia Dortmund first team and on 10 August 2013, Durm debuted for BVB in the Bundesliga; coming on in the 87th minute for Robert Lewandowski as a substitute in BVB's 4–0 win over FC Augsburg. Durm debuted in the UEFA Champions League on 1 October 2013 in a 3–0 victory over French club Olympique Marseille.
International career.
Youth career.
Durm played in 2011 for both the German U-19 team and the German U-20 team; and he debuted for the U-19 team on 31 May 2011, in a 3–0 victory against Hungary, and scored two goals. On 12 November 2011, Durm debuted for the German U-20 team against Poland. Durm debuted for the German U-21 team on 13 August 2013, in a 0–0 draw against France.
Senior career.
On 1 June 2014, Durm debuted for the German senior team in a 2–2 draw against Cameroon. The following day, he was named in Germany's squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Career statistics.
Club.
1Includes DFB-Pokal.
2Includes DFL-Supercup.
3Includes UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League.
Honours.
Club.
Borussia Dortmund

</doc>
<doc id="36798243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798243" title="Swimming at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre breaststroke">
Swimming at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre breaststroke

The Men's 100 Breaststroke event at the 10th FINA World Championships swam on July 20+21, 2003 in Barcelona, Spain. Preliminary and Semifinal heats swam on 20 July, with the Final on 21 July.
At the start of the event, the existing World (WR) and Championship (CR) records were both:

</doc>
<doc id="36798251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798251" title="Rico Benatelli">
Rico Benatelli

Rico Benatelli (born 17 March 1992) is a German footballer who plays for Erzgebirge Aue.

</doc>
<doc id="36798253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798253" title="Andy Brassell">
Andy Brassell

Andy Brassell is a freelance journalist and radio personality. He was formerly a regular European football correspondent on the BBC Radio 5 live "World Football Phone In" where he had been given the moniker "top brass".
He began his career as a teenager writing about the now defunct Wimbledon F.C. in a local newspaper. 
Brassell also works for UEFA, The Independent, When Saturday Comes and ESPN.

</doc>
<doc id="36798266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798266" title="Onur Çenik">
Onur Çenik

Onur Cenik (born September 24, 1992) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays for Karabükspor.

</doc>
<doc id="36798269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798269" title="Classic Bites">
Classic Bites

Classic Bites is a compilation album released in 2002 by the German hard rock/heavy metal band Scorpions. It features songs from two studio albums—1990's "Crazy World" and 1993's "Face the Heat"—as well as a single track from the 1995 live album "Live Bites".
Reception.
Greg Prato of AllMusic criticises the compilation, claiming that it "falls very short" as it "focuses entirely on their early-'90s period... and nothing earlier". He suggests that "" is "a much more thorough collection".
Track listing.
All songs written by Klaus Meine and Rudolf Schenker, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="36798292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798292" title="Jean Charles Joseph, Count of Merode, Marquis of Deynze">
Jean Charles Joseph, Count of Merode, Marquis of Deynze

Jean Charles Joseph, Count of Merode, Marquis of Deinze was a noble of the Austrian Netherlands, born in the Prince-Bishopric of Liège. He was Lieutenant-Feldmarschall of the Holy Roman Empire, Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
Biography.
He was born in the family castle of Ham-sur-Heure, Prince-Bishopric of Liège on 3 December 1719. He was the second and eldest surviving son of Joachim Maximilien of Mérode, Marquis of Deinze by his first wife and 2nd cousin, Thérèse-Jeanne, countess of Mérode-Nalinnes.
His elder brother, Maximilien Louis being dead in 1728 and his father having left no will when he died in 1740, he inherited his whole succession, as the surviving eldest son.
He married, on 12 January 1744 in Heverlee's Arenberg Castle, Marie Flore Charlotte Thérèse, princess of Arenberg, 3rd daughter of Léopold Philippe d'Arenberg, 4th Duke of Arenberg, Dame of the Order of the Starry Cross but had no descent. 
He was appointed Colonel (Commander-in-Chief) of the Regiment of Los Rios (1745-1751), General-major (1751), Lieutenant-Feldmarschall of the Holy Roman Empire 
He was Grand Bailiff of the Quarter of Entre-Sambre-et-Meuse of the Prince-Bishopric of Liège.
His Regiment of Los Rios participated in the Battle of Rocourt and covered the retreat of the Dutch infantry. It participated in the Battle of Lauffeld. With the same Regiment, he defended the city of Maastricht, during the Siege of Maastricht (1748), lead by the "Maréchal of France" Maurice de Saxe. It caused heavy loses to the French army during the heroic night of 1–2 May 1748.
He was also a co-director and financial supporter (1750-1752) of the Théatre de la Monnaie in Brussels, together with his father-in-law and the Duke of Ursel. See "List of directors of the Théâtre de la Monnaie"
His half-brother Balthazar-Philippe of Mérode, Lord of Rixensart inherited his lordships when he died in Ham-sur-Heure Castle on 10 August 1774. 
Titles.
<br style="Clear:left">
Ancestors.
His ancestry shows a high level of members of his own House of Mérode

</doc>
<doc id="36798305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798305" title="Moodagent">
Moodagent

Moodagent is an automated playlist generator and music recommendations system based on an ability to recognize emotional and musical characteristics of individual music tracks. Moodagent is developed by the Danish company Syntonetic.
Moodagent is available as an application for smartphones, tablets, as an online service in Winamp and as an app within Spotify.
The technology behind Moodagent combines digital signal processing and AI techniques to create music profiles that incorporate characteristics such as mood, emotion, genre, style, instrument, vocals, orchestration, production, and beat/tempo.

</doc>
<doc id="36798341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798341" title="Desert Fox (computer game)">
Desert Fox (computer game)

Desert Fox is a video game developed and published by Accolade, published in Europe by US Gold. It was released in 1985 in its original form, subsequently re-released by Avantage and PowerHouse.
Reception.
A 1991 "Computer Gaming World" survey of strategy and war games gave it one star out of five, stating that "it attempted to mix both arcade play and simulation, and ultimately failed on both levels".

</doc>
<doc id="36798344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798344" title="Institute on the Environment">
Institute on the Environment

The Institute on the Environment, or IonE, is an academic environmental institution at the University of Minnesota that focuses on solutions to issues related to energy, food and land use, freshwater, population and development, and whole systems. Its director is Jonathan Foley.
Mission.
IonE aims to discover solutions to Earth’s most pressing environmental problems by conducting research, developing the next generation of global leaders and building collaborative partnerships.
History.
IonE was founded at the University of Minnesota in 2007.
Three-part approach.
All of IonE’s work takes place in one or more of these three focus areas: discovery of solutions, education of leaders, and engagement of partners.
Discovery of solutions.
IonE pursues research-based solutions to global environmental challenges though a range of multidisciplinary activities including programs (see Ongoing Programs), Discovery Grants, Resident Fellowships, and Mini Grants.
Educating leaders.
IonE offers training in communication, media relations, entrepreneurship, and systems thinking. The leadership education programs include Acara, the Boreas Leadership Program, Sustainability Education, the Dow Sustainability Innovation Student Challenge Award, Research Fellowships, and the Environment and Sustainability Portal.
Engaging partners.
IonE brings together academia,corporations, activists, media, investment, non-profit organizations and more across disciplines to develop solutions to environmental problems. Engaging partners programs include the NorthStar Initiative for Sustainable Enterprise, Earthducation, Science on a Sphere, and Momentum.
Ongoing programs.
Acara gives university students a chance to envision and launch successful social businesses. Since 2009, more than 300 students from 20 universities have participated in Acara’s programs. Acara has partnerships with colleges and universities in the United States as well as India.
The Global Landscape Initiative works to understand land use changes, to improve our ability to balance human needs with environmental stewardship and to promote secure landscapes across the globe. The 2011 TedxTC lecture, "The Other Inconvenient Truth", addresses the challenges being aided by the Global Landscape Initiative.
The Initiative for Renewable Energy and the Environment (IREE) seeks out the most promising new renewable energy ideas and jump-starts them with support from Xcel Energy ratepayers via the utility's Renewable Development Fund. It launched in 2003.
The Natural Capital Project includes researchers from University of Minnesota, Stanford University, The Nature Conservancy, World Wildlife Fund and several other entities to develop new approaches to integrating economics and ecology. It focuses on how to assess the economic value of ecosystem services.
The NorthStar Initiative for Sustainable Enterprise (NiSE) works with the private sector to understand the systemic sustainability challenges of production and consumption systems, develop the decision tools necessary to navigate these complex systems, and accelerate innovation from marginal efforts to meaningful change. NiSE has three current initiatives: Sustainable Procurement Initiative, Materials Cycling Initiative, and Global Initiative on Financing Sustainability. The program launched in 2009.
River Life uses social media, a digital atlas, and case study reports to develop and share knowledge on the science and professional practices that create inclusive, sustainable rivers. River Life partners with River Rangers for hands-on experience and inclusion of students.
Sustainability Education helped create the Sustainability Studies Minor, multiple graduate-level sustainability programs, and the Graduate Sustainability Resources Network for faculty.
Terra Populus (TerraPop) combines historic census data with global environmental data including land cover, land use, and climate records into a common database and disseminating it to researchers around the world. TerraPop is a collaboration of the Minnesota Population Center, the Institute on the Environment, University of Minnesota Libraries, and faculty from the College of Liberal Arts and College of Science and Engineering, as well as Columbia University and the University of Michigan. Its funds come from the National Science Foundation.
Ensia.
Ensia, formerly known as Momentum, is a print, online and event media platform of IonE that focuses on sharing environmental solutions. Ensia explores issues of regional importance and global impact while providing a place for environmental leaders to share ideas. It also works to find common ground by linking scientific concerns with social and economic needs. 
Ensia Live brings speaker to the Twin Cities to deliver presentations on topics as they relate to today’s environment. It was launched as the Momentum event series in 2011 and has included the following presenters: Sylvia Earle, Hans Rosling, Majora Carter, Martin Palmer, M. Sanjayan, and Paul Nicklen.

</doc>
<doc id="36798346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798346" title="Gholāmḥusayn Ṣefātī-Dezfūlī">
Gholāmḥusayn Ṣefātī-Dezfūlī

Gholāmḥusayn Ṣefātī-Dezfūlī (1952–1977) was the brother of Iran's most outstanding contemporary mujtaheda, Zohreh Sefati.
He was a member of the Mujahedin-e Khalq during the Pahlavi era, before leaving the group in order to join the more radical anti-capitalist group “Manṣūrān,” which targeted the foreign owned oil industry and assassinated Iranian and foreign businessmen. Other members of Manṣūrān were Mohsen Rezai and Ali Shamkhani. Ghulāmḥ̣usayn was responsible for bombing the headquarters of the American firm ATT in Tehran. 
He has a brother, Īraj Ṣifātī-Dizfūlī (b. 1940), who represented the city of Abadan in the Iranian Parliament 1980-1984 and 1996-2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36798350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798350" title="BicikeLJ">
BicikeLJ

Bicikelj is a public bicycle rental program in the city of Ljubljana that was started in 2011. It is offered as public service by the City Municipality of Ljubljana and operated under concession by Europlakat. The system was provided by JCDecaux.
System.
The Bicikelj system consists of 300 bikes and 32 stations, 300 to 500 m away from each other. The stations are equipped with an automatic rental terminal for locking and unlocking approximately 20 bicycles each. The first 60 minutes of bike rental is free. After the first 60 minutes, the hourly rental rate for total hours beyond the first 60 minutes is debited from the user's bank account. However, bikes can be rented for free longer than one hour "serially" during a day if a minimum of five minutes has passed between the two free rides. The total number of free rides over the period of users' subscription is unlimited.
Short-term subscribers, such as tourists, pay only €1 for an on-line registration that is valid for one week. If the bike is not returned within 24 hours, the €350 deposit will be debited. Annual subscribers can rent the bikes over a one-year period for just €3 and are able to use the system with their Urbana public transit smart card and personal identification number. 
Statistics.
Bikes were rented 1,717,389 times from the beginning of the program to 31 December 2013, and 99% of the system's users did not exceed the free initial hour. The average duration of a bike rental is 13 minutes. The highest number of rides per day recorded was on 3 October 2012: 4,547 rides by 4,113 different users.
History.
Over 16,200 users registered within two months after the system was introduced in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36798372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798372" title="Carin Bakkum">
Carin Bakkum

Carin Bakkum (born 25 July 1962 in Heemskerk) is a former Dutch tennis player. During her career, Bakkum won two ITF singles titles as well as one WTA and 11 ITF doubles titles. She reached a singles ranking high of world number 141 on 27 March 1989 and on 22 June 1987 reached a doubles ranking high of world number 69.

</doc>
<doc id="36798389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798389" title="Richardia brasiliensis">
Richardia brasiliensis

Richardia brasiliensis is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the English common names tropical Mexican clover, Brazilian calla-lily, white-eye, and Brazil pusley. In Brazil it is known as poaia branca. It is native to South America. It is an introduced species and sometimes an invasive weed in many other places, including Hawaii, Indonesia, Japan, and Thailand. It is a weed of citrus groves in Florida.
This plant may be an annual or perennial which grows from a deep root. The branching stems grow up to 40 centimeters long and lie prostrate or grow upright. The oppositely arranged leaves are oval with pointed or rounded tips. They are up to 6.5 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a cluster of up to 20 flowers, or sometimes more. The petals are white or rose-pink. The fruit is a hairy nutlet.
The root is often a home to nematodes.
In Brazil this plant is used medicinally as an antiemetic and for diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="36798399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798399" title="Emment Kapengwe">
Emment Kapengwe

Emment Kapengwe (27 April 1943 – 17 September 1988) was one of Zambia’s leading footballers in the ‘60s and he represented the country at independence in October 1964. He was Kitwe United’s key player and among the first Zambians to play professional football abroad when he was signed by Atlanta Chiefs in the United States of America in 1967 together with Howard Mwikuta and Freddie Mwila. He became the first Zambian to play for an English club when he moved to Aston Villa together with Mwila two years later.
Early Years.
Kapengwe was born in Broken Hill in 1943. He lost his father at an early age but his mother got married again to Mr. Njalili Kapengwe whose surname young Emment adopted. He first went to the Catholic School in Broken Hill from 1949 to 1951 and when his father joined the mines on the Copperbelt, the family moved to Kitwe where he got interested in football and like many of Zambia’s soccer stars, learned the game the hard way. Due to lack of facilities, Kapengwe and his friends used to play on a bare ground at Bwafwano community centre in Kamitondo Township with tennis balls and home-made footballs. In 1956, his father was transferred to Bancroft (Chililabombwe) and so began Kapengwe’s induction in organised sport.
Playing career.
Kapengwe first played in goal for amateur side Kitwe Boma Tigers in 1957 together with some great names of that time such as Protasio Makofi and Adriano Musa. At the same time, he did a bit of boxing at Chililabombwe Welfare Hall but he soon settled on football as his hobby. He featured prominently for Tigers and alternated between the goal and the right wing, gaining vast experience by playing with, and against players like Samuel ‘Zoom’ Ndhlovu, Willie Chifita and John ‘Ginger’ Pensulo. Of all these, Kapengwe idolised Pensulo and would always try to imitate his style.
He absorbed all he saw while in action and developed into such a good footballer that he was soon at the centre of a tug-of-war between two Kitwe clubs: the Tigers and the Lions. Kapengwe was keen on joining Lions as they were paying £1 for a game win or lose. The issue was finally settled when the Senior Community Development Officer for Kitwe Municipal Council intervened saying she saw no reason for him to join the Lions if it would help him earn a living.
Unfortunately for Kapengwe, Lions paid him only a few pounds before they were dissolved. He joined them in January 1963 and a month later with the formation of the Zambian National Football League, the team merged with Tigers to form Kitwe United. He went straight into the first team where he was one of the youngest players though by this time, he had grown into a big lad with a lethal shot. Standing at 1.95m tall, he was a gentle and intelligent player and as United’s key player and captain, his loyalty was never in question, his prime concern being to develop the club into a formidable team. And when a young Godfrey Chitalu joined United in 1965, it was Kapengwe who encouraged him to take up football as a career.
In 1966, Kapengwe, Freddie Mwila of Rhokana United and Howard Mwikuta from Kabwe Warriors were picked by English football coach Phil Woosnam for Atlanta Chiefs of the American Professional Soccer League of which Woosnam was team manager. However, the trip met with several hitches before the three players finally flew out the following year.
After trials involving a total of 40 players from all over the world, the three made the cut and soon made headlines with their impressive performances for the Chiefs. Kapengwe points to America as one place where he made his biggest contribution to football. There were only five men from the “dark continent”: Kapengwe, Mwila, Mwikuta, Willy Evans of Ghana and South African Kaizer Motaung who incidentally, underwent his trial by featuring for Mufulira Blackpool in Zambia. These were the only Africans in the North American Soccer League in 1967. Apart from playing, they conducted clinics in colleges, universities and the communities, the theme being to make Americans play football.
Chiefs finished the season in 5th place during that season but won the NASL championship in the next season. In his first year in the States, Kapengwe was voted the second most active player in the league, a special prize for the player who remained on his toes all the time during the season. He also made the NASL All-Star First Team in 1967 and 1968.
Kapengwe enjoyed his stay in the States and his most memorable moment was when Chiefs played against Brazil’s top club Santos who featured the great Pelé in August 1968. Chiefs scored a goal after 19 seconds to stun Santos as described by Kapengwe: “We won the toss and our captain Vic chose the kick-off. Our number nine put the ball to Fred who flicked it back to Vic at four. Then Vic passed a long ball to me on the Santos goal mouth. I fed the ball back to Fred who blasted home the opener under a minute. Santos had never been scored like that before and they cheered for us.” However, Chiefs got carried away by the early goal and lost 6-2 after a Pelé hat-trick.
Another important game for Kapengwe came earlier that year in June. Chiefs famously beat Manchester City twice after the English Division I side’s Manager Malcolm Allison described the local talent as “fourth division” standard. Kapengwe contributed a goal in their 3-2 victory in the first match with Mwila scoring the other two, who also scored a goal in the next game, a 2-1 victory.
Kapengwe points at another Brazilian player called Vava as someone who changed his approach to football. He made an impression with his style and tactics and was admired by everyone at the club.
At the end of the 1969 season, Kapengwe quit Chiefs who had by then changed their name to the Atlanta Apollos because of a switch in management following losses due to the unpopularity of the game in its infancy in the country. Kapengwe and Mwila were lured to English Division II side Aston Villa under Tommy Docherty who had noticed the duo when Chiefs played Villa during the 1968 season and signed them on two year deals. At Villa, who were battling for survival at the bottom of the division II table, they met an energetic central defender called Brian Tiler who would later coach Zambia.
After a spell in the reserves, Kapengwe’s first match for the first team was against Carlisle United which Villa won 1-0. He became the second black man and the first African to play for Villa, and his debut in English soccer attracted major interest among British newspapers with Denis Shaw writing in one of London’s newspapers stating: “In nearly 30 years of watching football I have never seen a player make such an impact in his first football league appearance. He showed more natural talent than any other player on the field and remember he was in the company of Bruce Rioch who cost a six-figure fee.”
In the end, it was not much of an impact as Kapengwe made only three league appearances. His spell in England was short-lived as Villa were demoted to the third division at the end of the 1969-70 season. Docherty called Kapengwe and Mwila aside and said “Look, I am going away elsewhere but if you want to stay, you are at liberty to do so.” The two however decided to head back to Zambia as their cause was not helped by the weather conditions and the racial tension.
Kapengwe returned home in 1970 to impart the knowledge he had acquired abroad at Kitwe United. He had attended a two week coaching course in Lilleshall coaching school with Mwila and his contribution to the building of Kitwe United was soon realised when United beat Kabwe Warriors 1-0 to win the 1971 Challenge Cup.
Kapengwe was the heart and soul of United and his philosophy as player-coach was to fashion the team into an attacking force and it paid off as Kitwe consistently remained at the top of the league for most part of the season and scooped the Challenge Cup. He became known as ‘Father Kitwe United’ as he was the only player who was in the original team in 1963. In 1973 he decided on a move and picked on Lusaka for his new home. He had several offers from teams in the capital including Green Buffaloes but he settled for City of Lusaka F.C. He had only played 13 games for City when he flew out to America again.
Atlanta Apollos offered Kapengwe an attractive contract but City of Lusaka stood in his way, demanding $20,000 as a condition for giving him an international release. The US club offered to sponsor him on a six-month coaching course in Britain at the end of the season which he explained to City would be of great benefit in the future but they would not budge. So he came back and though City officials smiled at him, showing him 'their beautiful teeth,’ he was bitter.
When he left for the United States, City had nine points on the league table. On his return in August, he found them still stuck there. In his own modest way, he strived hard and brought a spirit of new determination to the team. City survived relegation as a result and ended the season with 22 points.
Despite the big disappointment with city, Kapengwe remained with the club until the middle of the 1976 season when he quietly fizzled out of the limelight without word. In his last days with the club, he was training the team and it was mainly due to frustration in this capacity which finally forced him out and he lost interest in soccer.
National team.
Kapengwe hit the soccer limelight in 1963 when his club picked him to play against a visiting Southern Rhodesian side Magula FC.
He played so well that he caught the eye of national team selectors. He was part of the national team that travelled to Lubumbashi in the Congo later that year, drawing the first game with the hosts 2-2. The following day, he was told he would replace his hero Pensulo at outside right in the game against Congo Brazzaville and though he had no confidence at first, he scored on his international debut for Northern Rhodesia with a thunderous strike from somewhere near the centre-line. As he was much younger and more active than Pensulo, he left no doubt that he was a sure-fit for the national team. He was used primarily as a right winger but at times played at inside-left.
Kapengwe was in the team that played against Tanzania and Malawi in July 1964 and when Zambia attained independence in 1964, he was one of the first players to wear the Zambian colours. He represented Zambia against Uganda, Kenya and Ghana in the disastrous independence celebration tournament where Zambia lost all of their three matches.
For a winger, Kapengwe was regularly on the score-sheet, scoring twice in an 8-2 victory over Kenya when Zambia won the Republic Cup in Nairobi in December 1964, two in the Malawi Republic Cup in 1966 and four more during the Kenyan Jamhuri Cup series a year later. He was recalled from Atlanta in October 1968 and he scored twice over two legs when Zambia were eliminated from the World Cup race by Sudan.
With the national team, he won the Mufulu Cup and the Kenya Republic Cup in 1964, the 1966 Rothmans and Malawi Republic trophies and the Jamhuri Cup in 1967 against Kenya. His last match for Zambia came in a goalless draw with Lesotho in April 1972 in a World Cup qualifier in Maseru. From July 1964 he made over 40 appearances for Zambia and scored 15 goals.
Personal life.
When he was not on the pitch, Kapengwe spent most of his time with his wife Alice and their five children. His job as a Recreational Officer for Kitwe City Council gave him wide opportunities to train and coach future soccer Zambian internationals. Although Kapengwe would return to Zambia for holidays between seasons, his three years in Atlanta cost him his first wife who could not endure his long absences from home.
Death.
Kapengwe died on 17 September 1988 in Lusaka after suffering from a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36798400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798400" title="Orbaker Pond">
Orbaker Pond

Orbaker Pond is a freshwater, natural pond located in Williamson, New York, in the United States. It is privately owned and lies off of Lake Road (Wayne County Road 101). It has an area of approximately and a depth ranging from a few inches to multiple feet.
It is surrounded largely by trees. Local wildlife includes painted turtles, common snapping turtles, frogs, humming birds and herons.
The pond is located entirely within the boundaries of Orbaker's Fruit Farm, a 202 hectare plot of land.

</doc>
<doc id="36798429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798429" title="Epirobiidae">
Epirobiidae

Epirobiidae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Urocoptoidea.
Taxonomy.
The American malacologist Fred G. Thompson established the family Epirobiidae in 2012 for five genera of snails ("Epirobia", "Propilsbrya", "Pectinistemma", "Gyrocion", "Prionoloplax"), which were previously placed within the family Urocoptidae.
Genera.
Genera in the family Epirobiidae include:

</doc>
<doc id="36798465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798465" title="Freddie Mwila">
Freddie Mwila

Freddie Mwila (born 6 July 1946) is a Zambian former association football player and coach. Rated as one of the country’s greatest players and coaches, he featured for Rhokana United and was one of the first Zambians to play professional football abroad when he joined American side Atlanta Chiefs in 1967. Mwila also played for Aston Villa in England and made an impact as a coach, leading Power Dynamos to the 1991 African Cup Winners' Cup and coached several other club sides as well as the Zambia and Botswana national teams.
Early life.
Mwila was born in Kasama and was raised by his grandparents because his father Dismas Chilufya and mother Senefa Chola were working in Southern Rhodesia (Zimbabwe) and moved to Kitwe in 1952 when his grandfather decided to move him to the Copperbelt so that he could start school.
In 1954, he started school at Danbar Primary School where the heavy industrial area in Kitwe stands today. He later moved to Buseko Primary School where Mwila was involved, like many other young boys on the Copperbelt, in playing football in the townships where nothing but buttons were at stake.
He left Buseko to continue his schooling at Mindolo Primary School where his teachers, without realising the potential he had for football, made him play other sports like boxing, until he left for Kalela School in Wusakile Mine township. Mwila continued playing football at Kalela and was very keen on watching soccer matches at Scrivener Stadium where he managed to be present at almost every game through being a ball-boy.
The young Mwila joined Wusakile Youth Club where he witnessed the formation of an under–five-feet team of which he was made captain. They played a similar team from Luanshya nearly every month and this was how he came into contact with players like Boniface Simutowe, Sandy Kaposa and Simon Kapende. They also played against teams from other Copperbelt towns.
In 1961, the team traveled to Bulawayo where they lost one game and drew the other. Mwila also had an opportunity to visit his parents, and on his return from Bulawayo, he moved to Kitwe Main School to complete his primary education. During this time, he also devoted many hours to playing football. He played inside-left for the school team.
Playing career.
Mwila qualified for secondary education and went to Luanshimba School in 1964, and while a student there, he frequented Scrivener Stadium and trained regularly in the company of Edward Kalale, Lazarus Musumali, Eric Chekoloko, Isaac Musakanya and Simon Chande, players that coach White had brought in to rejuvenate the team. He also struck up a very good partnership with Henry Kalimukwa and developed into a creative midfielder who could pass and score goals. The left-footed Mwila worked hard in the reserve side and made it into the first team in 1965.
That same year, Mwila left school to join Rothmans of Pall mall as a trainee salesman and in 1966, the company organised a course in salesmanship at Nairobi’s New Era College for six months. While there he played for the Abaluya F.C. and he read in the papers that four Zambians Howard Mwikuta, Emment Kapengwe, Samuel “Zoom” Ndhlovu and Mwila himself had been picked by British coach Phil Woosnam to go and play in the professional league in America, with the Atlanta Chiefs.
Mwila came back to Zambia in January of 1967 to prepare for the journey to the US. Mwila, Kapengwe and Mwikuta left Zambia for America on 23rd February 1967 where they underwent a two-month trial and were signed.
Mwila returned to Zambia at the end of the season in October 1967, and returned to Atlanta for the 1968 season and won the league. He also played against several European sides, among them, Manchester City and Aston Villa. On 27 May 1968 the 21-year old Mwila scored the winning goal in a stunning 3-2 upset of the English champions City. He scored twice on the night, before a crowd of 23,141, the largest ever to witness a soccer game in Atlanta Stadium.
It sounded like sour grapes when City coach Malcolm Allison described Chief’s play as worse than ‘fourth division standard,’ and that Mwila was offside. “They couldn’t play in the fourth division in England,” he said. “The kid who kicked the last goal was offside by at least four yards. The officials just didn’t catch it. There’s nothing you can do about it.
Three weeks later, Chiefs handed City their second straight whipping before an even bigger crowd of 25,856 and Mwila was on target again but this time from the penalty spot in a 2-1 win and Motaung grabbed the other as if to prove that Chiefs were good enough to play against the best and win. The Zambians also played in a friendly match played against Brazilian side Santos which featured Pelé.
It was during such encounters that Tommy Docherty, then Manager of English Division II side Aston Villa saw the two Zambians in action and signed them on. They arrived in Birmingham in August 1969 and signed for Villa for two years. There, they met Brian Tiler who would later coach the Zambian national team. Kapengwe made three football league appearances and Mwila featured only once, becoming the second and third black players to play for Villa and the first Zambians to play in England. Unfortunately, results were not very good and Villa were relegated to the third division. Docherty left the team and the duo decided to come back home after 9 months with Villa.
The duo had attended a two-week coaching course in Lilleshall coaching school in 1969. Upon their return, Mwila was appointed Zambian player-coach for the 3 match series against French club Racing Club de Strasbourg in June 1970 for the Peter Stuyvesant trophy, making him the youngest coach to take charge of the Zambian national team eight days before his 24th birthday, albeit in matches which were not full internationals.
Both Mwila and team manager Donald Musumali warned would-be interferers that they were ‘intimidation-proof’ and would not be pushed around as they knew their responsibilities very well. After the first game which ended in a 2-2 draw at Dag Hammarskjoeld Stadium, Mwila launched a scathing attack on football administrators charging that some of the ‘national team selectors would make better spectators than football administrators.’ He was particularly incensed by one Football Association of Zambia (FAZ) official who entered the dressing room at half-time and told Boniface Simutowe he looked ‘very excited’ during the first half, and also suggested to Mwila and Musumali that certain players should be replaced.
The fearless Mwila added ‘if this kind of behaviour by our selectors continues, I am prepared to be dropped from the national team.’
Unsurprisingly, he was absent from the team for the remainder of the season both as player and coach. In 1971, Mwila returned to Atlanta in March 1971 to complete the two-year contract he had signed in 1968, fearing that if he objected, the club would take action against him since he was still regarded as their player. When he returned home in September, he charged that Chiefs had breached the terms of his contract by not paying him more than he was getting previously. He played in 22 games and scored 5 goals and when the season ended in August, he got his clearance together with Motaung.
Mwila’s association with Chiefs continued when he left Rhokana to join them yet again in May 1973. The team had changed its name to the Atlanta Appollos after a change of ownership. Apart from playing in Atlanta, he was supposed to go to England for a full-time coaching course but he achieved neither ambition. He returned home with Kapengwe in August who was also frustrated. The outspoken Mwila accused the FAZ of standing in his way by not giving him an international clearance to rejoin Chiefs. During their time in Atlanta, neither of them played a single match but they spent their time coaching young American footballers in colleges.
Mwila stated that he was happy to be back home but was disappointed with the FAZ. He was also unhappy with comments attributed to FAZ Secretary General Ernest Mate that the players did not achieve anything from their overseas trips for each time they came back to Zambia they failed lamentably to cope with the standard of football. The duo reminded Mate that as the first Zambians to play overseas, they had helped to put the country on the map soccer-wise.
Before leaving for the States, Mwila had resigned from his job with Rhokana mine so he joined Ndola United in September as player-coach where he continued playing and when he moved to Nkwazi in 1978 as player-coach, he played three games for them before hanging up his boots. However, Nkwazi were docked points for these matches because the FAZ ruled that he was registered as a coach and not as a player.
National Team.
Mwila made his debut for Zambia at the age of 18 against English side Middlesex Wanderers on 13 June 1965 and scored the first goal in a 2-2 draw in Ndola. His full international debut came in September against Kenya when Zambia won the Rothmans International trophy. Although the two teams tied 8-8 on aggregate in the 3 match series, Zambia were awarded the trophy on the grounds that they had forced six corners to Kenya’s five in the final match.
He was in the team that won the Malawi Republic cup, scoring 4 goals when Zambia defeated the hosts 6-0 on his birthday in July 1966 and was also in the team that won the Rothmans International trophy against Kenya later that year. In December 1967, he captained Zambia to the Jamhuri cup victory against Kenya and was also captain in World Cup qualifying matches against Sudan which Zambia lost on a strange rule that they had lost the second leg despite the aggregate score being tied at 6-6.
In June 1972, he scored a hat-trick when Zambia overwhelmed Lesotho 6-1 in a World cup qualifier in Ndola.
Mwila featured at Zambia’s first ever CAN appearance in Egypt where Zambia lost the final to Zaire after a replay and after the tournament quit playing for the national team because he felt he had reached retirement age.
He is one of Zambia’s highest scoring midfielders with 15 goals in full international matches.
Coaching career.
Mwila got involved in coaching from an early age. In 1967, John Green of the Zambian National Sports Foundation (NSF) who would later serve as national team coach chose him to coach schoolboys and in 1970, he coached youths on behalf of the NSF in youth centres in Kitwe.
He also served as Rhokana player-coach and moved to Ndola United in 1973 in the same capacity.
Ndola finished third in 1975 and 1976 after leading the league table in the early stages of the season. He attended another coaching course in Essen, Germany, alongside his old national teammate, Henry Kalimukwa and coached Zambia with Brightwell Banda at CECAFA 76, where they lost 2-0 to Uganda in the final. Mwila also served as assistant coach during the short-lived reign of Teddy Virba as national team coach.
In October 1977, he was dismissed by Ndola for not ‘showing interest in the club’s affairs,’ to which he responded that he was not bitter and if the action was in the interest of the club then he was totally for it and he wished the team good luck. He was recruited by Zambia Police side Nkwazi at the beginning of the following year but was sidelined after 6 months when players accused him of ill-treating them and handling them like small children. Mwila also allegedly denounced players in the team as ‘too old.’ A string of defeats did not help matters and furthermore, Nkwazi forfeited points in three league matches because they used Mwila as a player when he was only registered as a coach.
Mwila countered that when he went to Nkwazi, he was told that he would build a team in three years but things changed and the officials wanted instant success. They also advised him to handle the players properly as some of them were senior in rank. His response was that there was no rank in football and that he was simply telling the truth when he told the players that they needed new blood to rejuvenate the team.
‘Well, some people might say I have a hot temper but those who know me understand that I try to please all sides. However, as a coach, you are bound to raise your voice once in a while, but this cannot be taken as harshness. Anyway, a human being has his good and bad days.’
After leaving Nkwazi, he crossed the border into Botswana and took over as coach of first division team Tafic FC. However, barely a year later, his mother passed away and he returned to Zambia to take up a coaching job at Power Dynamos, a side that was then being referred to as the "The Baby Born With Teeth’’ due to its meteoric rise from the lower ranks.
Mwila spent seven years at Dynamos and won an impressive collection of silverware with the Kitwe club. His first trophy was the Independence Cup in 1979 and they retained it the following year and went on to win it for a third time in 1982. Mwila became the first Zambian coach to lead a local side to the finals of a continental championship which Dynamos lost 4-0 on aggregate to Egypt’s Arab Contractors in 1982.
In April 1983, Mwila spoke of some ‘first-choice’ players coercing junior colleagues in a futile attempt to oust him from his position. ‘A star is only as good as his last game,’ he said. ‘Some of these senior players have been below par so far and (Technical Advisor) Bill McGarry and myself have been shouting at them about this. After all, I get paid for shouting at them because that is my job.
That same year, Dynamos won the Rothmans International trophy in the 6 nations African Club soccer tournament in Abidjan, Ivory Coast after beating home team Stella Abidjan of Ivory Coast 2-1, FC 105 from Gabon 4-1 and Nigeria’s Bendel Insurance 2-1. In the final, Dynamos drew 0-0 with Camerounian giants Tonnere Yaonde FC and won 5-4 on post match penalties with ‘keeper Blackwell Chalwe saving the decisive spot-kick after a goalless 90 minutes. Mwila also completed two refresher coaching courses at English side Tottenham Hotspur in 1981 and 1983.
In 1984, Dynamos were tipped to win the league title and they lived up to people’s expectations when they went on an unbeaten run from the beginning of the season in the first week of March to the end of October when ‘Mighty’ Mufulira Wanderers stopped them 2-0. Mwila was gracious in defeat and congratulated Wanderers for their victory, but Dynamos avenged the defeat by whipping Wanderers 4-1 in the reverse fixture at Arthur Davies Stadium and went on to win the title with just one a single defeat. Dynamos also bested Wanderers 2-0 to win the Champion of Champions trophy in Ndola and Mwila was voted coach of the year and became the first winner of the newly introduced award.
Early the following year, Mwila underwent another coaching course in Brazil and in August, Dynamos lost a BP Challenge Cup first round match to Division I side City of Luska 3-0 which upset Mwila. “It’s I who should be blamed and maybe a change of coaches may bring some spark into the team because I may have been telling them the same old techniques.” He singled out Alex Chola as a possible candidate for his job. There were reports of dissension from the players as well, unhappy with his attitude towards them. He resigned and Chola did take over although Power surrendered the title to bitter rivals Nkana Red Devils (formerly Rhokana United and later Nkana FC) and the Champion of Champions trophy to Wanderers. The players though, said they were very happy with Chola’s training methods.
In April 1986, Mwila was on the move again, signing a two-year contract with Ziscosteel of Zimbabwe in April 1986 but his contract was terminated in August after some poor results. The club said they took the action to avoid relegation.
In 1987, Arthur Davies, the man who had nurtured Power Dynamos to the force they were crossed over to FAZ Division II side Circuit Chiefs and took over as chairman and roped in Mwila as coach. The same year, Mwila was called to the national team as assistant to Samuel “Zoom” Ndhlovu and at the end of the season was in the running for the coach of the year award which eventually went to Bizwell Phiri of Kabwe Warriors. Mwila was part of Zambia’s coaching bench during the President’s Cup in South Korea but for undisclosed reasons, was sidelined after that and he missed the Seoul Olympics as a result. Although he asked for reasons why, the FAZ remained mute.
In February 1990, Mwila was appointed coach of Zambia’s ‘B’ team which was constituted to compete in the Southern African Development Coordinating Conference (SADCC) Cup as the main team was in action CAN 1990 in Algeria. He took up the job with the assistance of German coach Jochen Figge as Technical Advisor and qualified the team to the final of the tournament which Zambia won by beating Zimbabwe 3-1 in Gaborone in August. Five years after leaving Dynamos, Mwila returned as coach amid reports of some players boycotting training upon hearing the news.
Undeterred, Mwila got on with the job with Jim Bone as Technical Advisor and Chola as his assistant. Rechristened ‘Power 90,’ Dynamos won 3 trophies in 1990, just missing out on the league to Nkana. The following year, Dynamos bagged the big one when they overcame Nigeria’s 
Benue Cement Company Lions 5-4 on aggregate to scoop the Africa Cup Winners Cup, the only Zambian team to have achieved that feat to date. Dynamos had gone down 2-3 in the first leg in Nigeria but were able to win 3-1 at home despite being a goal down at half-time. 
Dynamos also added the league title for a historic double. Mwila was one of the assistant coaches at CAN 1992 in Senegal where Zambia lost in the quarterfinals to eventual winners Ivory Coast. After being pipped to the coach of the year award by Godfrey Chitalu, Mwila announced his resignation from Dynamos to take over at Township Rollers in Botswana. This time, Dynamos players sided with him and staged an apparent walk-out at the Awards Ceremony in protest against the choice for coach of the year, considering that Mwila had won the country a continental trophy, Zambia’s first ever while Chiatlu had guided Warriors from Division I back to the Premier League and won a couple of cups along the way.
With a reputation for putting players under pressure to perform and sometimes uttering uncharitable remarks about non-performers, Mwila said he had not regrets if in the process of executing his duties, he had offended some players as he had only meant to motivate them to put in that extra effort. He said he would miss Dynamos but was happy that he was parting with the club on an amicable note and at a time when it was at its peak. ‘You don’t leave your wife when she’s dying so I am leaving Dynamos when they are at the top. I think it’s better this way.’
Later in the year, Mwila was appointed Botswana national team coach and when the national team perished in the Gabon Disaster in April 1993, Mwila was called upon to mould the new team and he obliged after seeking permission from his employers Botswana Football Association. Zambia came within a point of qualifying to the World Cup 1994, losing out to Morocco.
When the Government and the FAZ could not reach an agreement with Roald Poulsen over a new contract in November 1996, Mwila was appointed coach with Ndhlovu as Technical Advisor, with Mwila infamously stating that his predecessor Poulsen had run away because ‘he knew that the World Cup qualifier against South Africa in Lusaka would be tough.’ The duo’s reign was short-lived as they resigned on 11 April 1997 when Zambia failed to beat Zaire in a World Cup qualifier, drawing 2-2 in Harare. George Mungwa took over as caretaker coach but he could not save Zambia’s campaign as South Africa grabbed the only ticket to France '98 in the group.
Mwila coached Qwa Qwa Stars in South Africa later in 1997 and returned home to coach Zanaco F.C. in 1998, staying with them for two seasons before being engaged by Lusaka Dynamos in 2000. His stint at Dynamos was short-lived and his next coaching assignment was with Zimbabwe’s Highlanders as Technical Advisor to coach Willard Khumalo in 2002 but left after a disastrous CAF Champions League campaign in early 2003.
That same year, in October, he was involved in a road accident after he decided to try his luck with South African side Free State Stars. Just a week before Mwila could sign a contract with the club, he was involved in a road accident. The crash left him with two broken legs but fortunate to escape with his life as Malawian coach Robert Banda, who was driving the car, died instantly in the collision. Mwila has not been actively involved in football since then.
Personal life.
Mwila had 6 children with his wife Mary of which only two followed in his footsteps; the late Freddie Jnr, the speedy winger who played for his father’s old club Nkana F.C., Zambia, and Zamalek in Egypt and his younger brother Melvin who, a talented midfielder who played for Dynamos, Zanaco and Zambia’s age teams.
Mwila has settled in Lusaka nd has been trying his hand at farming. He recently made an appearance on Zambian television as part of the panel of analysts analyzing games during the 2012 African Cup of Nations tournament which saw Zambia win their first continental trophy.

</doc>
<doc id="36798481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798481" title="Roule Cheese">
Roule Cheese

Roule Cheese is a French cheese, with a soft and creamy texture, that is usually flavoured with herbs and garlic. It was initially made by the Tablanette Fromagerie in the 1980s in the Centre region of France. About 45% of its calories come from fat. It has been made in the northwestern part of France by Rian's company since the 1980s, has the appearance of a jelly roll and is distinguished by its flavouring of garlic and herbs. (SOURCE: http://m.courierpress.com/news/2011/aug/02/creamy-tangy-and-full-of-flavor/).

</doc>
<doc id="36798484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798484" title="1988 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles">
1988 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles

Yannick Noah was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals this year.
Yahiya Doumbia won the title, beating Todd Nelson 6–4, 3–6, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36798494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798494" title="New York Antifolk Festival">
New York Antifolk Festival

The New York Antifolk Festival is an annual music festival featuring anti-folk, indie rock, post-punk and indie pop bands and singer-songwriters. It also has featured performance artists, comedians and magicians.
Conceived in 1985 by Lach, the festival was created in response to the New York Folk Festival, allegedly after a number of musicians were rejected from folk music venues in the Village, though that allegation has been disputed. The festival initially took place at the Fort, before settling down in its current location at the SideWalk Cafe in 1993. Lach served as the host of the festival until 2007, when the role of impresario was taken over by Ben Krieger. The festival has been credited as a factor in keeping the anti-folk movement "vital, evolving and inclusive of what is now a generation of artists."
The festival hosts up to 50 acts over a seven-day period. It is traditionally kicked off by the SideWalk Cafe open-mic, one of the longest-running traditional open-mics in New York City. The open-mic and the SideWalk Cafe have been praised by the likes of Suzanne Vega, and a number of notable musicians are known to have gotten their start at the SideWalk Cafe, including Regina Spektor, Nellie McKay and The Moldy Peaches.
The New York Antifolk Festival has featured a diverse group of performers over its 27 year run. Notable acts include Suzanne Vega, Schwervon!, Major Matt Mason USA, Lach, Dufus, Dots Will Echo, Chris Barron of the Spin Doctors, Jaymay, Darwin Deez, Larkin Grimm, Ching Chong Song, and the Elastic No-No Band.
International expansion.
The anti-folk movement and the New York Antifolk Festival have spawned a number of other festivals around the world. Filthy Pedro started the Antifolk UK Fest after a visit to the SideWalk Cafe. Other festivals include the Anti-anti-folk festival in Brixton, and the Kentucky Anti-folk festival, as well as several festivals in Berlin such as the Down by the River Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36798549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798549" title="Gibby Mbasela">
Gibby Mbasela

Biggie Mbasela (24 October 1962 – 1 May 2000), better known as Gibby Mbasela is a former Zambian footballer who played for Kalulushi Modern Stars, Mufulira Wanderers, Nkana Red Devils, 1. FC Union Berlin of Germany and Tunisian champions Esperance. Renowned for his dribbling skills, Mbasela was voted Zambian Footballer of the Year in 1990.
Playing career.
Mbasela was born in Kitwe and after playing youth football and for amateur teams he joined Zambian League Division II side Big Coke in 1983 and moved to Premier League team Kalulushi Modern Stars two years later.
He was one of Stars’ leading performers, winning many admirers with his dribbling skills. He earned the nickname "Cool It" due to his tendency to slow down the game and dribble at his own pace, as well as several other nicknames all in attestation to his ball skills – "Dribbling Wizard," ""Mupike"" meaning ‘dribble past him,’ ""Bapwishe"" meaning ‘dribble past them all,’ which he was quite capable of. Early in his career, a newspaper report erroneously gave his first name as Gibby and this was the name he would be known by throughout his career.
At the start of the 1987 season he moved on to a bigger challenge when he signed for Mufulira Wanderers for a transfer fee of K3,000. After an impressive showing as a winger or centre-forward which was rewarded with a Heroes & Unity Cup medal, Mbasela returned to Kalulushi at the end of the season and stayed with Stars for two seasons. He was on the move again but this time to league champions Nkana Red Devils where we would form a deadly partnership with Kenneth "Bubble" Malitoli which helped Nkana win the league championship in 1990. With his distinctive ‘table-cut’ hairstyle, Mbasela created so many opportunities for his strike partner and also weighed in with a fair amount of goals. He was man of the match in the Heroes & Unity Cup final which Nkana won by beating Kabwe Warriors 2-0, scoring the first goal with a glorious strike and setting up the second for Beston Chambeshi. Although Nkana suffered a major disappointment when they lost the Africa Club Champion's Cup to JS Kabylie of Algeria on post-match penalties in Lusaka, Mbasela crowned a fine season with the 1990 top player award. The following season he won the Charity Shield and the Independence Cup.
After starring for Zambia at CAN 1992, Mbasela was signed by German second division club 1. FC Union Berlin during the German winter break. His first game for Union Berlin was against FC Hertha 03 Zehlendorf on 10 May 1992 which they won 7 – 0. He made an immediate impact scoring 4 goals in his first 5 matches and stayed at Union for one and half seasons, scoring 17 goals in 44 appearances.
In July 1993 Mbasela was on the move again this time to Tunisian giants Esperance after turning down a number of offers including one from Saudi Arabian club Al Shabab. He stayed at Esperance for a single season and left in June 1994 to return to Kalulushi Modern Stars.
After a serious injury sustained while playing for Zambia in a World Cup qualifier against Zaire in Harare in April 1997, Mbasela was out of action for two seasons but returned for Modern Stars in a league game against Zanaco on 27 June 1999 in Lusaka and lasted the entire 90 minutes and gave a good account of himself on the pitch. He however retired from football at the end of the year.
National team.
Mbasela was first called to the National team in 1986 by coach Brightwell Banda and made his debut when Zambia travelled to Malawi for a two game friendly series in June 1986. He also played in a friendly against Zaire which Zambia lost 1-0 in Lusaka in September of the same year. He was then left out of the team until the following year’s CECAFA tournament where Zambia was eliminated in the first round.
He was out of the team for most of 1988, missing out on the Seoul Olympic Games but returned for that year’s CECAFA tournament in Malawi, scoring 3 goals in Zambia’s run to the final where they lost 3-1 to the hosts after extra-time.
Mbasela scored a goal when Zambia beat Egypt 2-1 in a friendly at Nkana stadium on 20 December 1988 and the following year featured prominently in the 1990 World Cup qualifiers. He was not part of Zambia’s bronze medal winning squad at CAN 1990 in Algeria but he featured in all of Zambia’s games after that, and was part of the victorious 1991 CECAFA squad.
At CAN 1992 in Senegal, Mbasela came on as a substitute in Zambia’s first game against Egypt, replacing Webby Chikabala in the 60th minute and a minute later set up Kalusha Bwalya with an overhead pass for the only goal of the match. Zambia lost to Ivory Coast in the quarter-finals but Mbasela’s performances were enough to earn him a contract with 1. FC Union Berlin of Germany.
Mbasela led Zambia’s attack when they beat South Africa 1-0 in Johannesburg in a CAN qualifier in August 1992 but was not part of the team that perished in the Gabon air disaster eight months later. He was a key player in the reconstituted team, making his first appearance in a tough Nations Cup qualifier against Zimbabwe in Harare when he replaced Maybin Mgaiwa in the 35th minute of the match which Zambia came from behind to draw 1-1 through a rare headed goal by Bwalya, which was enough to earn them a place at Tunisia 1994. Not only was Mbasela’s performance striking, so was his appearance. With his teammates bedecked in a white Adidas strip, he surprisingly entered the pitch wearing Adidas shorts and a Puma shirt, with the FAZ giving no explanation for the faux pas but it presumably did not go down well with Adidas, who were Zambia’s kit sponsors at the time.
He scored Zambia’s first goal in a 4-0 rout of Senegal in a World Cup qualifier in Lusaka and was in the team that lost out on World Cup qualification, losing 1-0 to Morocco in Casablanca.
Mbasela was in Zambia’s team at CAN 1994 and made a substitute appearance in the 1-0 win over Ivory Coast but was sent home in disgrace for disciplinary reasons, when he refused to sit on the bench after differing with the coaching staff over playing time. Without him Zambia soldiered on and went on to lose the final 2-1 to Nigeria. 
He made an ill-fated comeback in another World Cup qualifier against Zaire in Harare in April 1997, but this time, there was no repeat of his heroics of four years ago as the substitute appearance only lasted three minutes and he had to leave the pitch with a compound fracture of the right leg which would keep him out of action for two years. This turned out to be his last game for Zambia. He made 51 appearances for Zambia scoring 10 goals.
Death.
In early 2000, Mbasela began experiencing poor health. He was admitted to Kitwe Central Hospital where he died on 1 May 2000. He was buried at Chamboli Cemetery in Kitwe and was survived by a wife Rebecca and four children.
Honours.
Individual Awards

</doc>
<doc id="36798552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798552" title="David Cordani">
David Cordani

David Cordani (born 1966) is an American business executive. He has served as the President of Cigna HealthCare since 2005 and President and Chief Operating Officer of Cigna Corporation since 2008.
In 2012, David Cordani was lampooned (using his real name) in an article by The Onion, in which Cigna's infamous claim denial history was the subject of the joke.
Personal background.
David Cordani was born in 1966. He completed his undergraduate studies at Texas A&M University and earned an MBA from the University of Hartford.
Professional background.
Cordani has served as President of Cigna HealthCare since July 2005 and has been President and Chief Operating Officer of Cigna Corporation since June 2008. In 2011, he received a total compensation of $19.09 million, encompassing $1 million in direct salary, $9.3 million in non-equity incentives, $5.8 million in restricted stock awards, and $2.99 million in "other compensation".

</doc>
<doc id="36798555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798555" title="Maggie Rita's">
Maggie Rita's

Maggie Rita's Tex-Mex Grill & Bar is a Tex-Mex restaurant in Houston. For several years, Maggie Rita's was a restaurant chain with a license co-owned by Carlos Mencia and Santiago Moreno of Suave Restaurant. In January 2013, Moreno closed the last two locations they owned. Tony Shannard owns the only remaining Maggie Rita's restaurant, which is situated in Houston's JPMorgan Chase Tower.
History.
Carlos Mencia had an interest in food, and his friends suggested that he make a business out of it. Mencia met Santiago Moreno, a restaurateur, who suggested that the two of them start a restaurant chain. Mencia partnered with Moreno, who along with David Quintanilla, was one of the two principals of the Restaurant Resource Management Group, to open Maggie Rita's. The first Maggie Rita's opened was located in the Galleria area of Houston. T.J. Aulds of the "Galveston County Daily News" characterized the opening as a "test run" and Mencia said that "We learned a lot from that experience. We tweaked a lot of things from what we learned there."
Shortly after Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans, Maggie Rita's opened in that city. Around 2007 a former Houlihan's location in Houston was being replaced with Maggie Rita's. Allison Wollam of the "Houston Business Journal" called the restaurant "a new upscale Mexican food concept." In 2009 Syd Kearney of 29-95 said that Maggie Rita's was an "upscale Tex-Mex sports bar." The Maggie Rita's in Galveston, Texas opened on July 29, 2010 in the Armour & Co. building in The Strand district. The Galveston location was the number three Maggie Rita's. Maggie Rita's had replaced a Fuddrucker's location. Laura Elder of "The Galveston County Daily News" said "some saw it as a strong sign of Hurricane Ike recovery and welcome investment in the island’s downtown." By January 2012 the restaurant in Galveston had closed.
In mid-2012, the three remaining franchised Ninfa's locations owned by Santiago Moreno, in the Kirby Drive area, the Galleria area, and the Interstate 45 Gulf Freeway area, were converted into Maggie Rita's. Katharine Shilcutt of the "Houston Press" rated the food at the new restaurants negatively and said that "represents a new nadir for a once-respected and beloved Houston Tex-Mex institution." Shilcutt further added that the takeover caused an "uproar" in Houston and that "but to many longtime Houstonians (me included), the deal with interloper Maggie Rita's may as well have been a pact with the devil."
As of April 2013 only one Maggie Rita's restaurant remains in operation.
Locations.
The chain had locations in Houston, Galveston, and New Orleans. The Galveston and New Orleans locations closed by 2012. The restaurant's Houston locations included Travis Street/Downtown (the J.P. Morgan Chase Tower in Downtown Houston), Galleria (Uptown Houston, near The Galleria), Hobby (near Hobby Airport), Heights (on Shepherd Drive, near Houston Heights), and Upper Kirby. 
The Kirby location closed in November 2012. The Galleria location closed the following month. In January 2013, due to rising rents, the Heights location closed. The closures led to 60 employees losing their jobs. Tony Shannard operates the Maggie Rita's in Downtown under a licensing agreement; as of that month, he planned to open another Downtown Maggie Rita's within 30 days. The former Kirby location will become the new location of the Houston-area Tex-Mex restaurant Pico's.
Concept.
Santiago Moreno said that the chain differs heavily from Ninfa's, with emphasis on less-filling food and margaritas. Moreno said that the customers "are old Taco Bell clients who grew up with Taco Bell as Mexican food" and that "heir palates don't appreciate what we grew up with as Mexican food." Moreno said that Ninfa's served a "heavy product" which a "strong" person would be able to eat on two occasions in a week, while with Maggie Rita's offers a "lighter" product that can easily be consumed on two or three occasions in a week. Moreno added that "consumer decisions are made by women" and he concluded that "what makes a woman decide where to eat Mexican food, it has to do with margaritas. It has nothing to do with food." 
Katharine Shilcutt of the "Houston Press" criticized Moreno's statements, arguing that by "catering to the lowest common denominator", the chain is allowing the food quality to suffer, and furthermore by "underestimating a market like Houston which is saturated with excellent Tex-Mex restaurants and a consumer base possessed of a smart, experienced palate that will only suffer through a bowl of garlic-and-tomato salsa once, never to return again" the chain's restaurants would not succeed in Greater Houston.
At the Shepherd Drive location in Houston, patrons parking on the premises were required to use a valet service.
Reception.
Shilcutt characterized the menu as "a jumbled, pan-Latin menu" which includes fajitas, chips and salsa, queso flameado, arepas, chimichangas, "Ecuadorian ceviche" (similar to a campechana) and "deconstructed salmon tamales." The restaurant chain has several varieties of margaritas and cocktails. She said that Maggie Rita's was not well received in Houston because Mencia was not a Texan or a Mexican and because it had taken over Ninfa's locations. Eric Sandler of "Houston Eater" said that after the 2012 conversion of some Ninfa's locations in Houston, some internet users reacted negatively to the new restaurant, while one argued that the food was "better than expected." Shilcutt reviewed the restaurant on Shepherd Drive in Houston and gave a very negative review of the food, arguing that it had a bad flavor and was overpriced. In 2012 Shilcutt said that "Maggie Rita's served none of the old Ninfa's recipes, but served its own ham-fisted versions of Tex-Mex food that somehow cost even more than the already overpriced Ninfa's that came before." She also said that "he takeover of three Ninfa's locations in Houston by Maggie Rita's represents the latest and possibly saddest chapter in the Tex-Mex chain's history, and certainly the nadir of Ninfa's existence" because the chain "itself may well represent a nadir unto itself in the world of Houston Tex-Mex."
Commenting on the opening of the Galveston location in 2010, Laura Elder of "The Galveston County Daily News" said that while she "visited only once when the restaurant still was working out the kinks" she felt "I thought the food was ok" and "I’ve had better, especially on the island, where the Tex-Mex trade is pretty competitive and some local families are very good at what they do.
" She added that "What sort of put me off about Maggie Rita’s was that they served the food on disposable plates" since those are often used at barbecues and picnics but not at fine restaurants. Elder reasoned that "I did think the prices were extremely reasonable" and that "perhaps their plate delivery hadn't yet arrived and I was making a rash assessment." Elder did not have the margaritas, and she said they "probably would have lightened up my view of the eatery."

</doc>
<doc id="36798559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798559" title="Korea animation high school">
Korea animation high school

Korea Animation High School(한국 애니메이션 고등학교), colloquially known as "Anigo"(애니고) in South Korea, is a public characterized vocational secondary school in Hanam, Republic of Korea, serving last three grades of secondary education in Korea. It was opened in 2000 with three educational goals: freedom, creativity, and inner beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="36798561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798561" title="Tik Tak">
Tik Tak

Tik Tak is a Belgian children's program that aired from 1981 to 1991 at the BRTN.
History.
The program was conceived by Mil Lenssens when he saw a few kids watching the broadcast of a lotto draw fascinatedly. The predictable, repetitive mix of colors, movement and musical rhythms he processed with Clien De Vuyst in the program.
The show.
There were 366 episodes included (good for one episode per day, with 1 extra episode for leap years). Each episode begins with sheep (and the occasional dog ) at sunset on a rotating platform, and ends with a shadow figure ( Ann Ricour ), who has all kinds of adventures in five differently colored books.
The first broadcast of the program took place on 1 November 1981 by BRTN (originally called BRT). Until 2006, it was broadcast on Ketnet, now it's gone from the tube.
The program was sold to about 30 countries, including, for example Australia , Netherlands (where the KRO , Kindernet and TROS aired), Israel , Saudi Arabia , BabyFirstTV in United States and South Africa . It is thus one of the biggest export products that Belgian television has ever known.
In July 2012 brought the German house duo Digitalism the song Falling from which the clip consisted of fragments of Tik Tak.
Tik Tak and Hopla.
In 1999, Tik Tak was succeeded by Hopla.

</doc>
<doc id="36798578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798578" title="Jazzamoart">
Jazzamoart

Jazzamoart is a Mexican artist best known for his painting which is mostly connected to jazz music in some way. Born Francisco Javier Vázques Estupiñán in Irapuato, Guanajuato, his talent was recognized early and he took his professional name from his dual passions of jazz and art. He is best known as a painter with over 400 individual and collective exhibitions on several continents, but he has also done monumental sculpture, stage scenery and has collaborated with musicians. He lives in Mexico City.
Life.
Jazzamoart was born with the name of Francisco Javier Vázques Estupiñán on May 28, 1951 in Irapuato, Guanajuato. He is one of seven children born to Rasaura Estupiñán and Javier Vázquez Farfán. He comes from a family of artists, having contact with art from a young age. He says his childhood home as a gathering place for artists and writers. His father is a painter and was his first teacher. His father recognized his talent and created a studio for him when he was only six. At age twelve, he created landscapes of the Bajío region and began to sell his work when he was still a minor. As a teen he exhibited his work at the Museo Nacional de Antropología and at an exhibition at Chapultepec Castle, Agustín Yañez, the Secretary of Public Education, saw his work and offered a scholarship. He entered the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plásticas in 1969 with Manuel Herrera Cartalla and Gilberto Aceves Navarro among his teachers.
His exposure to music began early as well. His grandfather owned the most luxurious salon in Irapuato called El Lujo. One peculiarity of the establishment was that all the barbers played an instrument such as banjos and clarinets giving him some of his first exposure to jazz. In the early 1960s, he once helped musician Freddy Marichal carrying his drums at a club called Fra Diavolo. He heard the music and was fascinated and began to draw musicians. He first began to call himself Jazzamoart at age 20, when he first began collecting jazz records and painting to them. The name is a fusion of the words “jazz,” “amo” (I love) and “art.” He is a serious collector of records, buying at least one every week for the last quarter century. The jazz collection is wide-ranging and current but his favorites are classics such as Charlie Parker, Miles Davis, John Coltrane and Thelonious Monk. He is not a fan of New Orleans jazz saying that it is too mellow and lacks intensity. His obsession with jazz music is such that musicians often appear in his dreams, especially Charlie Parker.
In 1973, he married Nora Smith, who has since managed the business end of the art as well as the driving as Jazzamoart chooses not to learn. The couple have three children, Jazzamoart, Viart (“via”(life) and “art”) and Poettier (“poet” and “tier”(earth)). They also have one grandson, who is also named Jazzamoart. He lives in Mexico City, with his studio, father’s apartment and brother’s music studio across the street. His oldest son plays saxophone and has toured with bands in Latin America, the US and Europe.
Career.
Jazzamoart began his career selling paintings of generic scenes of Mexican life on the streets of Mexico City. Today he is a successful painter and sculptor but is better known for his painting.
He has had over 350 individual and collective exhibitions of his work on various continents. His first professional exhibition was in 1971 at the Centro Cultural Isidro Fabela in Mexico City. His first individual exhibition was in 1972 at the Centro Cultural San Ángel in Mexico City. During the rest of the 1970s he presented his first sculptures at ARCON Gallery in Mexico City (1976) and exhibited his work at the Tercer Espacio Gallery in Tampico, Juglar Gallery, El Agora Gallery in Mexico City (1976), Casa de la Paz in Mexico City (1977), Teatro Principal in Guanajuato and the Concurso de Pintura Dante Aligheiri in Mexico City (1979).
In the 1980s, he exhibited at the Concurso National de Arte de INBA (1981, 1982, 1985), I Bienal Tamayo (1982), the Metropolitan Gallery of the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana, José María Velasco Gallery and Chapultepec Gallery (1983), Palacio de Bellas Artes (1984, 1986), Museo del Chopo and Ollin Yolliztli in Mexico City, Casa de Artes de Oaxaca(1984), Phoenix Art Museum, L’space Cardin Gallery in Paris, the Joan Miró Internactional Drawing Competition in Barcelona, and the Rufino Tamayo Museum (1985), I Biennal in Cuenca, Ecuador, III Tamayo Biennial and I Biennial in Miami (1986), Bronx Museum of the Arts, Carrillo Gil Art Museum and San Carlos Museum in Mexico City (1987) and the Scott Alan Gallery (1988).
In the 1990s, he exhibited at the Museo de Arte Moderno, Museo de la Estampa (1990), the Iturralde Gallery, the Los Angeles WTC, Contemporary Gallery in Mexico City (1991), Europalia Festival in Ostend, Belgium, ITESM Campus Estado de México, the former Monastery of San Agustin in Zacatecas, the Palace of Iturbide in Mexico City, the Triennial of Osaka, Japan (1993), Belem Cultural Center in Lisbon, Centro México XXI in Mexico City, Fine Arts Institute in San José, Costa Rica (1994), Cineteca Nacional, José Luis Cuevas Museum in Mexico City (1995), Gallery Norske Grafikere in Oslo, Del Carmen Museum, Polyforum Cultural Siqueiros in Mexico City, Kerava Museum, Joenbuv Museum and Rovaniemi Museum in Helsinki, (1996) Pecannins Gallery, Kin Gallery in Mexico City, Casa de Cultura in Irapuato, Guanajuato, Mexican Cultural institute of Copenhagen, Do Brinquedo Museum in Portugal, Museum of the Americas in Denver (1997), Gallery Kyra Marlat in Berlin, Museum of Latin American Art in Long Beach, California (1998), Casa de Diego Rivera in Guanajuato, San Ildefonso College and the SCHP Museum in Mexico City(1999).
In the 2000s, he exhibited at UNAM, Hospicio Cabañas in Guadalajara, MACAY Museum in Mérida, Rye Arts Center in New York,(2000) José Luis Cuevas Museum, Gallery of the International Airport in Mexico City, New Gallery Space in New York, Art in Context Gallery in Naples, Florida (2001), Reina Sofia Museum in Madrid, Festival Internacional Cervantino, Lourdes Chumacero Gallery in Mexico City (2002), Mexico Institute in San Antonio and Washington DC, Marco Museum in Monterrey (2003), Manuel Felguérez Museum in Zacatecas, the Tlaxcala Art Museum, the Montreal International Jazz Festival (2004), Tour de la Bourse in Montreal, Hyogo Prefectural Museum in Kobe (2005), World Trade Center Mexico City, Mexican Stock Exchange, ITESM-Irapuato, Castle Gallery in New York, Vismara Gallery in Italy (2006), Costumbrista Museum in Sonora, Raúl Anguiano Museum in Guadalajara, Franz Mayer Museum in Mexico City (2007), North Sea Jazz Festival in Rotterdam, Espacio Cultural Metropolitano in Tampico, Vértice Gallery in Puerto Vallarta (2008), Laberinto Museum in San Luis Potosí and Torre Mayor in Mexico City.
In addition to exhibitions, he has done work related to the music industry, especially jazz artists. His visual works and stage settings have appeared with well-known jazz musicians. In 1981 he created the stage setting for the Jazz Festival at the Auditorio Nacional in Mexico City. In 1983 he created a performance piece with Alain Derbéz and Rockdrigo González at the Museo de Arte Moderno in Mexico City. In 1985 he joined the group Creative Processes working with Arnold Belkin, Jacobo Borges, Enrique Bostelmann, Teresa Morán, Luis Argudín, Andrés de Luna, Enrique Estrada and Carlos Montemayor. In 1992, he created the set for the International Festival of Jazz at the Auditorio Nacional. In 1989 he worked with Alain Derbéz, Evodio Escalante and Ariel Guzik to edit an album called “La Cocina, Música para Bailar.” In 1999 his art is on pianist Olivia Revueltas’ CD called “Round Midnight in LA”. In 2004, he collaborated on the CD “Sonora Onosón with Alain Derbéz, Iraida Noriega, Gerardo Bátiz, Juan Christóbal Pérez Grobet and others. He painted the scenery for a 2005 concert by musician Arturo Cipriano in the Zocalo of Mexico City. In 2008 he designed the scenery of the Festival Nacional de Jazz en Auditoro Nezahualcoyotl at UNAM.
He has done a number of monumental works, mostly sculpture. In 1989 he painted a 360 m2 mural at the Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana. In 1992 he created a monumental sculpture sponsored by art collector Francisco Servin. In 1995, he created a monumental sculpture in West Hollywood, California. In 2003, he collaborated with sculptor Sebastián on monumental pieces for the Corridor Chactemal in Quintana Roo and the Juan Soriano Sculptural Garden in Colima. In 2004, he created a totem pole in Saint-Jean-Port-Joli, Quebec.
Other kinds of artistic projects have included creating a giant Judas figure at the Centro Cultural San Angel in Mexico City in 1995, creating the stations of the cross at the San Vicente Ferrer parish in Mexico City and working with Talavera de la Reyna in Puebla in 2003, designing the prize for the Mexico Jazz Festival in 2005, creating an interactive sculpture for the Papalote Children’s Museum, and creating the commemorative design for the 60th anniversary of the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México in 2006.
He has received over twenty national and international awards. These include the International Drawing Prize Joan Miró in Barcelona (1985), grand prize at the I Biennial of Miami (1986), Salón Nacional de Pintura prize (1987), grand prize of the VI Festival del Centro Histórico in Mexico City (1990), San Juan Bautista Medal from the Universidad de La Salle in Mexico City (1999), Cangrejo de Oro from the city of Tampico (2002), Key to the City and the Silver Gardina from the state of Nayarit (2004), first prize for painting at the International Art Contest in Australia (2005) and first prize at the Artelista Contest in Barcelona, Spain (2006).
Other recognitions include membership in the Sistema Nacional de Creadores de Arte from 1993 to 2000, as well as membership in the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana. In 1991, José Alfredo Botaya filmed a documentary about the artist and in 2000, musician Francisco Téllez composed a series based on Jazzamoart’s work. In 2009, the city of Irapuato opened the Jazzamoart Gallery and La Rana Editorial publishes a book of his art called “Jazzamaoart” with texts by Carlos Montemayor and Jorge Juanes. His work can be found as part of the collection of the Museum of Latin American Art in Los Angeles.
Artistry.
Jazzamoart has created oils, graphic art, ink, acrylics, watercolors, pastels, pencil and carbon drawings, sculptures in wood, metal and ceramics, toys, Judas figures, rug designs, masks, stage scenery, piñatas, Day of the Dead altars, and designs for boxes, suitcases, ties, dresses and furniture.
According to his website, his work is “intimately related to music, men’s passions and the every way of life.” His main inspiration is jazz music, jazz musicians and their lives, with about eighty percent of his work related to this. He has said that while other artists have used the music as inspiration, he does not think there is anyone who dedicates as much to it as he does.
His painting often is a visualization of music with colors and forms substituting for tones and rhythm. For him, painting is performance. He paints to music with his hand and brush mimicking the music and considered the music essential to his art. "I try to capture in paint the sounds and images of the music and the personalities of the musicians," he says. His approach to painting is rapid and gestural. Most of his jazz paintings have a jazzed, nervous quality, with figures and images look uncontrolled. Other works are calmer, such as some of his nightclub scenes. Many of his pieces are titled after pieces of jazz music and he also gives live performances of his painting with a band.
He is a member of the generation of Mexican artists born in the 1950s. The focus on jazz was a way to help the young artist distinguish himself from his teachers of the Generación de la Ruptura. Carlos Montemayer calls him the third great painter out of the Bajío region of Guanajuato along with Diego Rivera and José Chávez Morado. His work has been described as Expressionist and figurative with an abstract quality. His influences include Picasso, Van Gogh, Rufino Tamayo, José Luis Cuevas and José Clemente Orozco. Elements from each of these can be seen in paintings with the music used as a unifying aspect.
The saxophone appears most often in his work, which he considers to be sophisticated and sensual like a sculpture. He even collects saxophones but says he cannot play well. He also plays the drums. He has an affinity for Mexican handcrafts and folk art, especially masks which is a recurring feature in his work and the jazz musicians often have mask-like features. The use of the mask symbolized the multiplicity of human identity, that life is improvisation and invention.
Other inspirations for his art include his family, bullfighting, cabaret and soccer. In 1994, he dedicated much of his art to bullfighting topics and in 2002 he worked on a series based on soccer. In 2010 he held an exhibition called “Pasión por la pintura y el futbol” (Passion for paintings and soccer) with included painted balls along with more traditional works. His 1995 monumental sculpture in West Hollywood was about the fight against AIDS . For Mexico’s Bicentennial in 2010, he held an exhibition called “ Todos somos héroes” (We are all heroes) dealing with Mexico’s history .

</doc>
<doc id="36798583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798583" title="List of schools of journalism and communication in China">
List of schools of journalism and communication in China

The following list is the list of the ranking of the universities in the People's Republic of China in the specialized subject of Journalism and Communication. The ranking is made by China Academic Degrees & Graduate Education Development Center (an administrative department directly under the Ministry of Education, P.R.C) in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36798663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798663" title="Guðmundur Jörundsson">
Guðmundur Jörundsson

Guðmundur Jörundsson (born 1987 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic fashion designer. Guðmundur graduated from the Iceland Academy of the Arts in 2011. Prior to graduation in 2010, he was commissioned to design a new master collection for fashion shop GK Reykjavík. Also prior to graduation, he had co-founded alongside Kormákur Geirharðsson and Skjöldur Sigurjónsson the Icelandic Kormákur & Skjöldur brand and is the Creative Director and Head Designer of this Icelandic fashion brand renowned for its masculine designs built on classic tailoring. His designs were possibly best described by a design blog, quoting Steve Jobs words; ""Here's to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes...the ones who see things differently..." Crazy perhaps, but we see fashion genius.""
JÖR by GUÐMUNDUR JÖRUNDSSON.
October 2012 Guðmundur Jörundsson announced he would launch his own label JÖR by GUÐMUNDUR JÖRUNDSSON but remaining as Creative Director for Kormákur & Skjöldur. He claimed in an interview in 2012 that his vision was to create more futuristic and fashionable clothing built on the classic tailoring, while the Kormákur & Skjöldur owners were focused on the classic menswear.

</doc>
<doc id="36798678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798678" title="Assault City Roller Derby">
Assault City Roller Derby

Assault City Roller Derby (ACRD) is a roller derby league based in Syracuse, New York. Founded in 2007, the league consists of two teams, which compete against teams from other leagues.
The league was founded by Lishelle Fazzone, who had recently moved to the area, after she watched "Rollergirls". It held its first practices in January 2007, and was able to play its first bout in February 2008, against the Ithaca League of Women Rollers. A few women from Utica began training with the league, and this experience enabled them to found Central New York Roller Derby in late 2007.
By late 2010, Assault City had about forty-five skaters, of whom about thirty were ready to bout. In July 2011, it was accepted as an apprentice member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association, and it graduated to full membership of the WFTDA in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36798686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798686" title="Quico (footballer)">
Quico (footballer)

José Eugenio Ruiz Palacios, commonly known as Quico (born 12 September 1961 in Seville), is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.
Football career.
During his professionally career, Quico played mainly for hometown's Real Betis. Arriving in the 1982–83 campaign, he made his La Liga debut on 31 October 1982 in a 0–1 home loss against Celta de Vigo, and quickly became a fan favourite although he rarely started (only seven league games in his first three years combined); on 30 August 1987 he scored the 2–1 winner in the Seville derby at Sevilla FC, heading home in the 86th minute of the match.
Quico left Betis in 1988, with 81 first division appearances in which he netted six goals. He then played two seasons in the second division with Andalusia neighbours Recreativo de Huelva, starting in both years and being relegated in his second.

</doc>
<doc id="36798688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798688" title="Megacephala nicaraguensis">
Megacephala nicaraguensis

Megacephala nicaraguensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Johnson in 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="36798692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798692" title="Megacephala nocturna">
Megacephala nocturna

Megacephala nocturna is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Dejean in 1831, and is endemic to Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36798693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798693" title="Quico">
Quico

Quico may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36798695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798695" title="Megacephala oleadorsa">
Megacephala oleadorsa

Megacephala oleadorsa is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1992, and is endemic to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36798698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798698" title="Megacephala orbignyi">
Megacephala orbignyi

Megacephala orbignyi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. that was described by Naviaux in 2007, and is endemic to Paraguay.

</doc>
<doc id="36798699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798699" title="Megacephala oxychiliformis">
Megacephala oxychiliformis

Megacephala oxychiliformis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="36798700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798700" title="Laxman Kumara">
Laxman Kumara

In the Hindu epic "Mahabharata", Laxman Kumara or simply Laxman is the son of Duryodhana. He had a twin sister called Lakshmana who was kidnapped by Samba (Krishna's son). Not much is known about Laxman in Mahabharata.
Vatsala.
This story is not there in Mahabharata but is actually an Andhra folklore. It seems that Vatsala(Sashirekha), the daughter of Balarama is betrothed to Abhimanyu. So initially the marriage of Vatsala is to be performed with Abhimanyu but when Arjuna goes into exile Balarama's wife Revati says that Abhimanyu's father has no kingdom left and a prince without a kingdom may well be a commoner. Balarama thinks about it and feels that his wife is right and that he is supposed to think about the welfare of his daughter breaks off the marriage with Abhimanyu. He arranges it instead with Duryodhana's son Laxman. When Abhimanyu comes to know about this he is annoyed and asks Krishna to intervene. Krishna says he cannot do so but he should ask help from his first cousin Ghatotkacha who lives in Varnavat. Abhimanyu sets out to Varnavat and meets his brother telling him why he seeks his help. Ghatotkacha is furious at Balarama because he wants to keep an alliance with the very people who were the cause of the Pandava’s misery. Meanwhile the marriage preparations take place at Balarama’s house. Ghatotkacha goes disguised as Vatsala to the marriage ceremony. He frightens the hell out of Laxman who promptly faints. Laxman vows never to marry. The real Vatsala has been transported by Ghatotkacha to Varnavat where Abhimanyu awaits. The couple’s marriage is celebrated. When Duryodhana learns that Abhimanyu has married Vatsala he is infuriated and thus his anger toward the Pandava’s is further fuelled.
Death.
Laxman is slain on the 13th day of the War by Abhimanyu, who decapitates Laxman using the Nagashirashtra.

</doc>
<doc id="36798701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798701" title="Megacephala panamensis">
Megacephala panamensis

Megacephala panamensis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Johnson in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="36798703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798703" title="Megacephala parinsignis">
Megacephala parinsignis

Megacephala parinsignis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="36798704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798704" title="Laboni Sarkar">
Laboni Sarkar

Laboni Sarkar is a Bengali film and television actress. She set a record by winning Bengal Film Journalists' Association Awards in three years consecutively from 1993–1996.
Early life.
Laboni Sarkar was born in Kolkata. Her parents were Mukul Kanti Sarkar (father) and Krishna Sarkar (mother). Sarkar studied post graduation in International Subjects from Jadavpur University.
Acting career.
In 1994 she debuted in "Nabarupa" directed by Amol Roy. She is a regular actress in television serials, telefilms. She founded a group theatre names "Antarmahal".

</doc>
<doc id="36798706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798706" title="Megacephala phylogenetica">
Megacephala phylogenetica

Megacephala phylogenetica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="36798707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798707" title="Megacephala pilosipennis">
Megacephala pilosipennis

Megacephala pilosipennis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Mandl in 1958.

</doc>
<doc id="36798710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798710" title="Megacephala prolongata">
Megacephala prolongata

Megacephala prolongata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="36798713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798713" title="Megacephala pseudodistinguenda">
Megacephala pseudodistinguenda

Megacephala pseudodistinguenda is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="36798715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798715" title="Megacephala pseudofulgida">
Megacephala pseudofulgida

Megacephala pseudofulgida is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1963, and is endemic to Goias, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36798718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798718" title="Megacephala pulchra">
Megacephala pulchra

Megacephala pulchra is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Brown in 1869.

</doc>
<doc id="36798724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798724" title="Megacephala quadrisignata">
Megacephala quadrisignata

Megacephala quadrisignata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Dejean & Boisduval in 1829.

</doc>
<doc id="36798727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798727" title="KK Slavonski Brod">
KK Slavonski Brod

Košarkaški klub Slavonski Brod () is a professional basketball club based in Slavonski Brod, Croatia. It competes in the Croatian League. For many years club was due sponsorship reasons known as Svjetlost Brod and Brod-Svjetlost and KK Đuro Đaković due to sponsorship reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="36798730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798730" title="Megacephala rawlinsi">
Megacephala rawlinsi

Megacephala rawlinsi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Davidson & Naviaux in 2006 and is endemic to Nayarit, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="36798732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798732" title="German submarine U-342">
German submarine U-342

German submarine "U-342" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She was on her first patrol when she was sunk by a Canadian aircraft in April 1944.
She did not sink or damage any ships.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 7 December 1941 at the Nordseewerke yard at Emden as 'werk' 214, launched on 10 November 1942 and commissioned on 12 January 1943 under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Albert Hossenfelder.
"U-342" served with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, for training and then with the 7th flotilla for operations from 1 March 1944.
Patrol.
"U-342" had sailed from Kiel in Germany to Bergen in Norway in March 1944, but her patrol began when she departed Bergen on 3 April and headed for the Atlantic Ocean. She had passed through the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands, but was attacked and sunk by a Canadian Canso (PBY Catalina) of No. 162 Squadron RCAF southwest of Iceland on 17 April.
Fifty-one men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36798734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798734" title="Megacephala regalis">
Megacephala regalis

Megacephala regalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Boherman in 1848. The species are black coloured.

</doc>
<doc id="36798735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798735" title="Megacephala rivalieri">
Megacephala rivalieri

Megacephala rivalieri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Basilewsky in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="36798740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798740" title="Megacephala ruth">
Megacephala ruth

Megacephala ruth is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="36798744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798744" title="Megacephala rutilans">
Megacephala rutilans

Megacephala rutilans is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Thomson in 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="36798745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798745" title="Megacephala scapularis">
Megacephala scapularis

Megacephala scapularis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Macleay in 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="36798747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798747" title="Megacephala serrella">
Megacephala serrella

Megacephala serrella is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1997, and is native to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36798749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798749" title="Megacephala sobrina">
Megacephala sobrina

Megacephala sobrina is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Dejean in 1831.

</doc>
<doc id="36798750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798750" title="Norbert Grudzinski">
Norbert Grudzinski

Norbert Grudzinski (12 May 1977) is a German Association football referee from Hamburg.
Grudzinski lives in Hamburg and is a wholesale and export trader. He is single.

</doc>
<doc id="36798751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798751" title="Megacephala somalica">
Megacephala somalica

Megacephala somalica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Basilewsky in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="36798752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798752" title="Megacephala sommeri">
Megacephala sommeri

Megacephala sommeri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Chaudoir in 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="36798754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798754" title="Megacephala sparsimpunctata">
Megacephala sparsimpunctata

Megacephala sparsimpunctata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by Mandl in 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="36798758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798758" title="Megacephala speciosa">
Megacephala speciosa

Megacephala speciosa is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1860, and is endemic to Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36798760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798760" title="Megacephala spenceri">
Megacephala spenceri

Megacephala spenceri is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sloane in 1897, and is native to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36798763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798763" title="Megacephala spinosa">
Megacephala spinosa

Megacephala spinosa is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Brulle in 1837.

</doc>
<doc id="36798765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798765" title="Megacephala spixii">
Megacephala spixii

Megacephala spixii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Brulle in 1837. The species are common in Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, and Peru

</doc>
<doc id="36798767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798767" title="Megacephala steinheili">
Megacephala steinheili

Megacephala steinheili is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="36798770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798770" title="Megacephala suturalis">
Megacephala suturalis

Megacephala suturalis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="36798772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798772" title="Megacephala thomsoniana">
Megacephala thomsoniana

Megacephala thomsoniana is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="36798774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798774" title="Finland–Norway border">
Finland–Norway border

The border between Norway and Finland is long. It is a land and river border between two tripoints. The western tripoint is Treriksröset on the Swedish border. The eastern tripoint is on Muotkavaara on the Russian border. The border was defined in a treaty from 1751, which also included the Swedish-Norwegian border. In the period 1738-1751 there were field investigations and negotiations on the border, although the Finnish part needed less negotiation. Cairns were erected after that with last one at Nesseby in 1766. A treaty in 1826 with Russia which possessed Finland, defined the easternmost part of the border.
The border is open as both countries are part of the Schengen Area. Yet there is an wide clear-cut zone along the land border. Almost half of the border follows the rivers Anarjohka and Tana.

</doc>
<doc id="36798775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798775" title="Victoria State Emergency Service">
Victoria State Emergency Service

Victoria State Emergency Service (Victoria SES) is a volunteer based organisation responding to natural disasters and working to ensure the safety of communities around Victoria, Australia. Each State and territory of Australia has its own independent State Emergency Service (SES), and Victoria SES is only one of these services spread across Australia. At times of great need or catastrophic disaster, it is common that assistance be sought from other states.
Victoria SES is the lead agency when responding to floods, storms, tsunami and earthquakes as well as operating the largest network of road rescue units in Australia and one of the largest in the world.
Victoria SES also provides assistance to other emergency services such as Victoria Police, Ambulance Victoria, The Country Fire Authority (CFA) and to municipal councils in planning and auditing their emergency management plans.
There are more than 5600 (43,000 nation-wide) committed and dedicated volunteers around the state who provide these services 24 hours a day, seven days a week and every day of the year in Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="36798777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798777" title="Megacephala tremolerasi">
Megacephala tremolerasi

Megacephala tremolerasi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae. It was described by W. Horn in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="36798778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798778" title="Megacephala virginica">
Megacephala virginica

Megacephala virginica is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Linnaeus in 1766, and could be found in Mexico and the United States. They are of black colour.

</doc>
<doc id="36798780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798780" title="Megacephala whelani">
Megacephala whelani

Megacephala whelani is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1992, and is native to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36798783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798783" title="Valdelaguna">
Valdelaguna

Valdelaguna is a Spanish town in the province of Madrid. It is located southeast of the district, in Las Vegas region, 49 km from Madrid city.
It is bordered by the towns of Chinchón, Belmonte de Tajo, Villarejo de Salvanés, Perales de Tajuña, Morata de Tajuña and Colmenar de Oreja. It covers an area of 41.89 km ², has an average altitude of 702 m and the adjective of its inhabitants is Abubillo / a. (Valdelaguneros).
Sights.
The town sees its traditional buildings disappear, made by stone, clay and gypsum, which are replaced by modern buildings, comfortable and graceless. Without entirely losing its charm because of the views that we provide the slopes that cover the hillsides where this village is, the steep streets of this town offer the odd place with some interest.
The header and cruise abroad have a cornice with corbels profile nacelle and a semicircular apse, on the inside, this space has an irregular structure pointed and fresco decoration in the apse, representing Tetramorph Pantocrator in Romanesque iconography. This part of the building has been dated to the second half of the 15th century. Between the cruise ship and the main vault, there is a large arch of the 18th century, as are the four sections of barrel vault with lunettes covering the nave.
On the right flank of the temple a space runs parallel to the main nave, only communicates with it in the transept by a round arch and toes with a lintel that opens under the choir. On the left side of the wall about two-thirds are occupied by three arches that communicate with two chapels, linked these together without actually forming a kind of aisle. One of these chapels, in the transept, opens with a roundarch, the other communicates with the nave in the middle of the wall by two pointed arches supported by an interesting and plain shaft column capitals with volutes rough. The remaining third of the left flank, to toe the ship opens to the outside forming an atrium with 3 slender lintels and Tuscan columns with footings and beams. Under this court found the greatest access to the temple, a flat arch with recess sores from the 18th century, in the key reads "Ave Maria. Year 1766". Along the eaves of the same court is an old sundial undated.
At the foot of the church is the choir with wooden beams and, outside, the tower stands on a door arch. In the center of this facade a niche houses a stone sculpture of the Virgen de la Blanca.
After the Civil War the church was drastically restored by the National Regions Devastated by architect Javier Barroso, then reopened the atrium, which had been built in an area that housed a Catholic school.
In 2002, in an even more drastic intervention, was completely demolished and rebuilt the tower, a section of the dome, the choir and reusing much of the original features atrium, although major structural modifications were introduced.
The town is nestled in a small valley leading to the river valley Tajuña, surrounded by rolling hills that produce rounded rugged landscape but embraceable something for everyone. Among progressive farmland abandonment in unevenly distributed olives, vines, orchards and fields, we find small fountains in pleasant places and occasional forests of Mediterranean forest of Aleppo pine reforestation. There are two hiking trails, the "Ruta de la Vega" and "Ruta de las fuentes", well marked, but careful during hunting season, and if what is sought are gentle slopes, the greenway "Del páramo a la vega" going from Chinchón to Morata de Tajuña, runs largely by the end of the municipality.
History.
In the first documentary record of the municipality, dated February 4, 1156, Alfonso VII donated to the Church of San Ginés in Madrid and his prior, Salvanés villa (Villarejo de Salvanés), granting manorial right over the territory which included among others the term " Val de la Laguna". Later, in 1190, appears in the Transierra integrated, between Segovia lands in the south of the Central System, in Sexmo Valdemoro. In 1480 the Catholic Monarchs include this sexmo in the lordship of Chinchon, obtaining also the title of Villa by the hands of monarchs. The municipality remains bound to this manor later, when converted into County Chinchón.
Valdelaguna appears in the Relaciones Topográficas de Felipe II, in 1580 which is recorded the existence of the lake that gives the town its name, "the royal road to Perales Valdelaguna there a meadow and in it a very good water spring where is a lagoon, in winter it runs to the Tajuña river. " This lake was drained afterward from malarial fevers caused their water scarce in the population. In these same Relaciones... said the village has 98 households and neighbors 100-103. They cite five chapels: St. Stephen, the oldest, San Sebastian and San Roque erected on the occasion of epidemics and pestilences, the Magdalena, half a league from the town, next to Tajuña, where they used to go in procession litanies, and Santo Toribio, included those currently in the cemetery.
There are documents that tell the people suffered looting in the Guerra de Sucesión Española by the troops of the Archduke Charles, which was destroyed the archive that the town possessed. In 1785 when answering the questionnaire sent by the Cardinal Lorenzana population has 361 inhabitants and, in addition to agriculture, there are some common canvas looms hemp, which means the appearance of the guild of craftsmen .
In the 19th century, with the abolition of primogeniture and the division into provinces in 1833, the town is built in the province of Madrid and passes Chinchón County rely on Judicial District of the same name. In his Dictionary, Madoz counted 464 inhabitants and speak from two sources that supply water to the people of good quality, jail and primary school education.
With the 20th century continued growth in the population. During the Civil War the term, characterized by hills and ravines, becomes war front and the Church is sacked. In 1960, 946 persons were counted, the largest demographic development so far. The growing influence of Madrid and the phenomenon of property bubble in Spain, have led to a significant urban development and infrastructure to the detriment of the natural environment and cultural heritage of the municipality.
In Valdelaguna born on V.P. Miguel de la Fuente, 16th century mystic writer, painter of the 19th century Ventura Miera and in 1911 the filmmaker Antonio del Amo, chief among other popular films of Joselito.
References.
From http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Valdelaguna (Spanish version): Arquitectura y desarrollo urbano: Comunidad de Madrid: Zona Sur. Volumen 13. Amalia Castro-Rial Garrone. Madrid. Consejería de Obras Públicas, Urbanismo y Transportes, 2004. La teatralización de la historia en el Siglo de Oro Español. Castilla Pérez R., González Dengra M. Universidad de Granada, p. 35. 2001. Relaciones Topográficas de Felipe II:Relaciones Inéditas de la Provincia de Madrid. Hernando Ortego, Franciso Javier. de la Hoz Garcia, Carlos. Instituto de Estudios Madrileños, 1987 Nobiliario genealógico de los títulos y reyes de España. Volumen I. López de Haro, Alonso. Madrid. 1632. pp. 597-600 (by mistake says 397-400). Enciclopedia del Románico en España. El románico en Madrid. Nuño González, Jaime (director). pp. 505-508. 2009. Historia de Madrid y de los pueblos de su provincia. Ortega Rubio, Juan. Imprenta Municipal. Madrid, 1921. Boletín de la Academia Nacional de la Historia. Tomo XLIX, nº 195. VV.AA.. Caracas, 1966. http://www.diccionariomadoz.com/valdelaguna/Madrid/ 

</doc>
<doc id="36798784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798784" title="Megacephala wimmeri">
Megacephala wimmeri

Megacephala wimmeri is a brown coloured species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Mandl in 1958, and is endemic to Santa Cruz, Bolivia.

</doc>
<doc id="36798787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798787" title="Petalophyllum ralfsii">
Petalophyllum ralfsii

Petalophyllum ralfsii or Petalwort is a liverwort of the order Metzgeriales. It is a small green bryophyte found on moist sand dunes. 

</doc>
<doc id="36798802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798802" title="The Kluger Agency">
The Kluger Agency

The Kluger Agency (TKA) is an advertising agency with a focus on product placement within the music industry. The agency represents over sixty brands, partnering them with artists in the music industry.
History.
The agency was founded in late 2007 or early 2008 by (then 22-year-old) Adam Kluger . He is known for placing the advertisement of products within the medium of popular music.
An advertisement for Plenty of Fish in 2010 Lady Gaga/Beyoncé Knowles video "Telephone" yielded a 20% increase in traffic to the site in the month following the song's release. Plenty of Fish has also placed paid promotions in Jason Derulo’s “Ridin' Solo” and Akon/Flo Rida’s “Available”, according to a Forbes magazine blog which estimates placement deals bring in $10 million a year for Kluger as its cut of revenue from "roughly 100 videos and five or six songs per year". BusinessWeek estimates advertisers pay $40,000 to $250,000 per placement, of which Kluger retains up to 23%. Placing a brand into the song's lyrics may cost a half-million dollars or more. 
Adam Kluger established the agency in 2008 by making over 400 telephone calls, claiming to vendors that he could get their brands into popular songs, then claiming to record labels that he could get brands to pay for promotions. In Kluger's words, "there's a bit of bullsh-----g you have to do to get in the door". He eventually got through to Steve Berman, head of marketing for Interscope Records, a label promoting bands such as The Pussycat Dolls. His first product placement was for Vixen's Visions, a lingerie manufacturer whose branding is displayed on a shopping bag of cash in a one-second appearance in Lady Gaga's music video "Beautiful, Dirty, Rich".
The Kluger Agency has worked with a range of stars including Akon, Jason Derulo, Drake, Lady Gaga, Keri Hilson, Beyoncé Knowles, Jennifer Lopez, Flo Rida, Britney Spears, LMFAO, Kesha, Uncle Kracker, Rick Ross, T-Pain, Timbaland, Lil Wayne, Christina Aguilera, and Eminem.
"Brand-dropping".
The Kluger Agency coined the term "brand-dropping" to describe the product placement of brands into song lyrics or visual representations during a music video. According to the agency's founder, the process involves finding places where a musical artist is likely to mention a specific product in their song, and to match this with companies that produce those products. The process tries to integrate product placement and song writing, in order to create an unnoticeable form of advertising that preserves artistic integrity but also provides the artist with additional revenue from their work.
Kluger has stated that, "At the end of the day, since sales are down and pirating is up, a lot of company’s budgets for videos are down ... So in order for the artist to support their vision, a lot of times they need a brand to come onboard to help support it financially." Kluger claims product placements allow performers to monetise the ongoing copyright infringement of their works as "obviously if the song is pirated, the lyrics aren’t going to change” and provide musicians with a larger budget to produce music videos.
Reactions and reviews.
In 2008, the agency was criticized in a Wired magazine blog post after it was alleged that they had sent an unsolicited email offering to place advertising for "Double Happiness Jeans" in a Pussycat Dolls tune. The company was virtual and not intended to represent a viable commercial product; the project was a collaboration between Jeff Crouse of the Anti-Advertising Agency and Stephanie Rothenberg, and was intended to be a critical piece.
Lady Gaga's 2010 video "Telephone" had received notoriety due to placement of nine brands in nine minutes. Britney Spears's music video for "Hold It Against Me", which incorporates placements by The Kluger Agency for clients including Plenty of Fish, was described by TMZ as containing a half-million dollars in advertising and negatively reviewed by Vanity Fair. A Washington Post review described the video as an "infomercial" with "undisguised, un-subtle in-video brand cameos". According to the "Hollywood Reporter" in 2012 Christina Aguilera's inclusion of the psychic hotline Oranum in her music video "Your Body" led to a 450% increase in the social media following of Oranum within the span of a few days.

</doc>
<doc id="36798804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798804" title="781st Transport Helicopter Squadron">
781st Transport Helicopter Squadron

The 781st Transport Helicopter Squadron ("Serbo-Croatian: 781. transportna helikopterska eskadrila / 781. транспортна хеликоптерска ескадрила") was an helicopter squadron of Yugoslav Air Force formed in October 1960 as 48th Helicopter Squadron ("Serbo-Croatian: 48. helikopterska eskadrila/ 48. хеликоптерска ескадрила").
History.
The 48th Helicopter Squadron was formed at Niš airport in October 1960 as part of 107th Helicopter Regiment. It was equipped with Soviet-made Mil Mi-4 transport helicopters.
By the April 1961 and application of the "Drvar" reorganization for the Air Force, new type designation system is used to identify squadrons, so the 48th Helicopter Squadron has become 781st Transport Helicopter Squadron.
Squadron has been moved to Pleso airport near Zagreb by order from January 1973, being reassigned to 111th Support Aviation Regiment. Same year Mil Mi-4 helicopters were replaced with newer Soviet Mil Mi-8T transport helicopters.
In 1990 due the "Jedinstvo 3" reorganization plan, 781st Squadron was disbanded. Personnel and equipment were attached to 780th Transport Helicopter Squadron of same 111th Aviation Brigade.

</doc>
<doc id="36798825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798825" title="Thomas Kain">
Thomas Kain

Thomas G. Kain (July 7, 1907 - June 24, 1971) was a minor league baseball pitcher for 14 seasons, a three-time championship winning manager at that level for six seasons, a scout for Major League Baseball teams and a college football referee.
Early life and amateur career.
Kain was born in Nashville, Tennessee and attended Hume-Fogg High School. He then attended University of Georgia where he played football, as a fullback and halfback, and baseball.
Playing and managerial career.
Kain pitched in 1927, from 1929 to 1937, 1939 and from 1941 to 1943, spending most of his career in the New York Yankees farm system. He went 103-79 in 252 games, winning as many as 16 games in a season four times.
He then managed in the minor leagues from 1939 to 1943 and again in 1946 for the Butler Yankees (1939-1941), Amsterdam Rugmakers (1942) and Norfolk Tars (1943, 1946). He led his teams to the playoffs each year he managed.
Scouting career.
Kain scouted for the Yankees from 1947 to 1948, the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1949 to 1951, the Philadelphia Phillies from 1956 to 1959 and the Chicago Cubs from 1960 to 1968.
During the offseason, Kain referred college football in the Southeastern Conference, a job he held for 28 years. He was considered the top referee at the time, being selected to 14 straight Senior Bowls.
He was elected to the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame in 1986.
He died in Nashville.

</doc>
<doc id="36798829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798829" title="Ed Solo">
Ed Solo

Ed Solo (born Ed Bickley) is a British disc jockey and record producer of electronic and dance music. He has worked with artists including Blak Twang, Deekline, MC Det, Fatboy Slim, Roots Manuva, Shy FX, DJ Swift, DJ Trace and Eliabeth Troy.
Career.
Solo's first releases were "125th Street" and "The Danger", co-produced with label boss Dave Stone. Solo and Stone went under the name Click and Cycle and the tune became the second-biggest seller on Emotive Records (SOUR's sister label). 
In 1997, he moved to Brighton and set up a studio with Stone. Solo started working with DJ Brockie and the pair made "Reprasent", Undiluted's first release, which reached number one on all the drum-and-bass charts. Brockie and Solo continued to make more songs, including "Turntable 1", "Echo Box" (on the True Playaz label) and "System Check".
Solo became involved in the Nu Skool Breaks in 2005; his studio was located above Krafty Kuts's old record shop. He then began working with Krafty Kuts and later the pair began co-producing music together on Krafty Kut's album "Freakshow" (2006). Within Nu Skool Breaks, Solo has also collaborated with musicians including Deekline, Darrison, Skool of Thought, as well as mixing down tunes for breakbeat artists including Freq Nasty and Splitloop.
Recently, Solo has been making dubstep music such as the anthemic "Age of Dub", which was released on Sludge, a label he established with Deekline. 
He is also involved in a project, BattleJam, with British DMC champ 2007 "JFB" and UK beatbox champ "Beardyman" which involves live beatbox, sampling, looping, video scratching as well as crowd-sampling interaction.

</doc>
<doc id="36798835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798835" title="The Last Post (Doctor Who audio)">
The Last Post (Doctor Who audio)

The Last Post is a Big Finish Productions audiobook based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". The Companion Chronicles "talking books" are each narrated by one of the Doctor's companions and feature a second, guest-star voice along with music and sound effects.
Plot.
Liz Shaw, the Third Doctor's assistant, has been charting a series of deaths predicted by mysterious letters which seem to have a connection to her own mother.

</doc>
<doc id="36798844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798844" title="René Joensen">
René Joensen

René Shaki Joensen (born 8 February 1993) is a Faroese international footballer who currently plays professionally for HB Tórshavn, as a defender.
Career.
Joensen started his professional career with Brøndby in Denmark. He has not able to appear any matches for his team since his Danish Superliga debut in the 2011–12 season. In January 2014, he returned to the Faroe Islands for HB Tórshavn. 
He played youth football for the Faroe Islands, before making his senior international debut in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36798860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798860" title="Idan haNegev">
Idan haNegev

Idan haNegev Industrial Park ("The Negev era", ), is an industrial park being built southeast of the Bedouin city of Rahat, Israel. The goal is to alleviate unemployment in the local Bedouin population. It is situated in a zone under the jurisdiction of Bnei Shimon Regional Council, between Lehavim and Rahat, close to the city of Beersheba. It will cover an area of some 3,500 dunams (3.5 sq km).Local Bedouin leaders praised the initiative. According to Rahat Mayor Faiz Abu Sahiban, "it is a good solution which could considerably reduce unemployment in the city, particularly among Bedouin women".
History.
Idan HaNegev is the first Jewish-Bedouin project of its kind. The industrial park was inaugurated in April 2010. The cornerstone was laid by the mayors of the three local authorities involved in the project, and also by two ministers: Industry, Trade and Labor Minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer and Galilee Development Minister Silvan Shalom. The three owners of the park will share the profit: Rahat owns 44 per cent of the stock; Bnei Shimon Regional Council - 39 per cent (the park will be placed on its territory, and it will play an active role in its administration); Lehavim - 17 per cent.
According to the data of the Industry, Trade and Labor Ministry, the employment rate among the Bedouin is 35 percent, the lowest of any sector in Israeli society. According to some estimates, 81 percent of the Bedouin women of working age are unemployed (2012), mainly due to conservative traditions of the Bedouin. On the other hand, the Bedouin of Negev are the fastest growing sector of the Israeli society - they double their size every 15 years. 
When finished, the park will open new employment opportunities for the Bedouins of Rahat (population of over 53,000 people, as of 2012), Hura (over 17,500), Lakiya (nearly 10,000), Shaqib al-Salam (over 7,700) and other Bedouin localities nearby.
As Industry, Trade and Labor Minister Binyamin Ben-Eliezer put it, "the low participation rate of this population in the labor force hurts, not only the Bedouin, but the economy, its growth potential and the state as a whole. Growing employment inequality causes significant social issues and endangers the possibility of shared life here in Israel".
The park’s proximity to Beer Sheva, Highway 6 and the railway station at Lehavim, as well as low municipal taxes and state subsidies, make Idan Hanegev an attractive location for major companies.
Facilities.
There will be at least 130 new factories, an additional hospital for the Negev and a technical institute, most of them currently in the planning stage. Additional hospital beds are needed to lessen the load of Soroka Medical Center. A new Harvard University campus will be established inside in industrial zone. It will be the first campus built in a Bedouin city. Ben-Gurion University of the Negev will oversee the new campus' operations, and it will be considered a BGU branch.
Carbonated drink firm SodaStream has received a government permit to build a new plant in Idan HaNegev. It will invest some NIS 130 million in its construction. When finished, the plant will provide employment opportunities to around 1,000 workers, many of them Bedouins. Cargal packaging company also announced that it is willing to move their factory, situated in Lod to a new industrial park, but apparently it will try to keep most of their 320 workers by offering them transportation to the new plant. On the other hand, in case Cargal finally decides to make this step, the state will provide it with special funding of more than NIS 30 million and offer fringe benefits.

</doc>
<doc id="36798879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798879" title="Carl Kennedy">
Carl Kennedy

Carl Kennedy is an American Canadian actor.
Personal life.
Carl Kennedy was born in Washington, United States. He is a University of Washington alumnus, having received a full scholarship to the University of Washington graduate program in acting after graduating from the University of North Carolina Wilmington in 2006.
Theatre career.
Carl Kennedy is an American Canadian actor. In 2006, he portrayed William Starns in a Wilmington, North Carolina, United States production of Romulus Linney's "Heathen Valley". That same year, he acted in a production of Justin Cioppa's "Catastropolis" as Dark Lord Montelbahn, also in Wilmington. He also portrayed Queequeg and Father Mapple in "Moby Dick—Rehearsed" by Orson Welles in Wilmington in 2006. In 2011, he portrayed convict Lucius Jenkins in Stephen Adly Guirgis's "Jesus Hopped the 'A' Train" in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. For this performance, he was nominated for the Jessie Richardson Theatre Award for Outstanding Performance by an Actor in a Lead Role in the Small Theatre Category. He portrayed Jason and the unnamed pimp in the 2012 cross-Canada tour of Andrew Kooman's "She Has a Name". He was living in Vancouver when he was recruited for the tour. Kennedy stated that he wanted to act in the tour partly in order to address the issue of human trafficking and partly because the life-and-death stakes for the characters in the play make for a good setting in which to improve as an actor.

</doc>
<doc id="36798918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798918" title="918th Tactical Airlift Group">
918th Tactical Airlift Group

The 918th Tactical Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 94th Tactical Airlift Wing, based at Dobbins Air Force Base, Georgia. It was inactivated on 1 September 1975.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments. 
As a result, the 918th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 918th TCG was one of three C-119 groups assigned to the 455th TCW in 1963, the others being the 919th and 920th Troop Carrier Group at Memphis Municipal Airport, Tennessee.
Transferred from TAC to Military Air Transport Service (later Military Airlift Command) control, being upgraded to a C-124 Globemaster II long range intercontinental transport group in 1965. Operated aircraft on flights to Europe, Bermuda, and Puerto Rico. Supported Vietnam War, by the end of 1966, the unit had flown several missions into Tan Son Nhut Air Base in South Vietnam. Supported airlift to Japan and South Korea in 1968 in support of the Pueblo incident. 
In April 1971 its parent 445th MAG was inactivated at Dobbins, and was transferred to control of the 459th Tactical Airlift Wing at Andrews AFB, although the group remained at Dobbins, becoming the host unit at the base. It became part of the new Reserve 94th Tactical Airlift Wing at Dobbins in July 1972. The C-124s were retired in 1972 and the group received DeHavilland C-7 Caribou light transports which were withdrawn from service in the Vietnam War. Operated the C-7s until the group was inactivated in 1975, personnel and equipment being assigned to the host 94th TAW.

</doc>
<doc id="36798954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798954" title="Collinsdale, West Virginia">
Collinsdale, West Virginia

Collinsdale is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia. It was also known as Hickory Camp.

</doc>
<doc id="36798962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798962" title="Caperton, West Virginia">
Caperton, West Virginia

Caperton is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia. It was also known as Elen.

</doc>
<doc id="36798968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798968" title="Vinzenz Flatz">
Vinzenz Flatz

Vinzenz Flatz (born 5 July 1994) is a Liechtensteiner international footballer who plays professionally for Swiss club Young Boys, as a midfielder.
Career.
Flatz has played club football in Switzerland for Young Boys.
He made his international debut for Liechtenstein in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36798979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798979" title="Bourton Down">
Bourton Down

Bourton Down () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1974. The site is listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line) as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS).
Location and habitat.
The site lies within the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and is one of a series of grassland sites on Jurassic limestone. The site supports the Pasqueflower which is of some importance as there are few remaining sites. The site also supports Bastard Toadflax, and has good populations of Early Purple Orchid and Bee Orchid.

</doc>
<doc id="36798983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798983" title="Claremont, West Virginia">
Claremont, West Virginia

Claremont is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia. It was also known as Beechwood.

</doc>
<doc id="36798984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798984" title="Chaplin Cinema (Kolkata)">
Chaplin Cinema (Kolkata)

Chaplin Cinema was the oldest single screen movie theatre in Kolkata. It was located in 5/1 Chowringhee Place. In 1907 Jamshedji Framji Madan opened this cinema in India.
History.
In 1907 Jamshedji Framji Madan established Chaplin Cinema, at that time its name was Elphinstone Picture Palace. Later it was renovated and converted to Chaplin Cinema, a full fledged movie theatre. The date of this conversion is unknown. In this theatre father of Uttam Kumar used to run the projector.

</doc>
<doc id="36798995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798995" title="Obama's Last Stand">
Obama's Last Stand

Obama's Last Stand is an e-book written by POLITICO's White House correspondent Glenn Thrush on Barack Obama. The book deals with the Barack Obama presidential campaign, 2012 and the tactics which he will use in the campaign and also deals with the differences within the his campaign team.

</doc>
<doc id="36798997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798997" title="Gresham Library">
Gresham Library

The Gresham Library, also known as the Gresham Regional Library, is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in Gresham in the U.S. state of Oregon. The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books, periodicals and other materials.
History.
The building occupied by the library was constructed in 1989 and opened in January 1990. It replaced a 1913 Tudor style building at 410 N. Main Street, which had been a Carnegie library. The new building was paid for by a $2.1 million fund-raising campaign designed in part by then-Governor Neil Goldschmidt, including $1.7 million serial levy approved by Multnomah County voters in 1987 and a projected $200,000 from the sale of the original building. Following the levy, three attempts to buy suitable property that could be developed within the $1.7 million approved had failed by mid-1988, leading to the consideration of several more expensive options.
The new building is 13 times the size of the original library, and was designed as a "superbranch" to "usher in a new era in library services in both Gresham and the entire county system." Upgrades included a computer lab/media center, a community room, a teen study area, a children's room, a conference room, skylights, and a tower to help it blend in with the surrounding shopping center.
With space for 75,000 volumes, the library building was designed as the Multnomah County system's second-largest, behind Portland's Central Library. The original library building was purchased by the Gresham Historical Society, which turned it into a museum as well as housing its main headquarters there.

</doc>
<doc id="36798998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798998" title="2012 Volta a Portugal">
2012 Volta a Portugal

The 2012 Volta a Portugal is a men's road bicycle race held from 15 to 26 August 2012. It is the 74th edition of the men's stage race to be held, which was established in 1927. A part of the 2012 UCI Europe Tour, it is rated as a 2.1 event.
Participating Teams.
In total, 17 teams are set to compete.

</doc>
<doc id="36798999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36798999" title="Elverton, West Virginia">
Elverton, West Virginia

Elverton is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36799008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36799008" title="2009–10 Real Sociedad season">
2009–10 Real Sociedad season

The 2009–10 season is Real Sociedad's last season to date in the second division. After three seasons in the second division the club obtained promotion on the 41st match day.
Season summary.
The season began with the appointment of Martín Lasarte as a new coach. The Uruguayan, with no experience in European football, was chosen by Jokin Aperribay as a replacement for Juan Manuel Lillo. The preceding season under Lillo was one of the worst in the club’s history, as the club never challenged for promotion.
During the transfer window the club hired several players on loan, who would prove to be key to the club’s promotion.
By September the club had reached promotion spots, a place they wouldn’t leave for the rest of the season. The winter break was preceded by a home win against Real Betis. Real Sociedad topped the table with 35 points by Christmas, 2 points above Hercules. After losing on the 21st matchday Real Sociedad temporarily lost their 1st place.
Towards the end of the season Real Betis started challenging for promotion and beat Real Sociedad in Seville. In late May they joined Levante, Hercules and Real Sociedad in a tight promotion race. However the Andalusians would fall short and fail to obtain promotion. Real Sociedad bounced back after their defeat against Betis and won three games in a row. A home win against Celta de Vigo, the last of those three, sealed promotion.
In the cup Real Sociedad were knocked out in the first round by Rayo Vallecano, who disposed of the Guipuscoan club with ease.

</doc>
<doc id="36799009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36799009" title="Marting, West Virginia">
Marting, West Virginia

Marting is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia, along Smithers Creek.

</doc>
<doc id="36799012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36799012" title="KK Jagodina">
KK Jagodina

Košarkaški klub Jagodina () is a professional basketball club from Jagodina, Serbia. The club currently participates in the Basketball League of Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="36799016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36799016" title="Hillsdale Library">
Hillsdale Library

The Hillsdale Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library, located in Hillsdale, Portland, Oregon. The branch offers the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books, periodicals and other materials. The original library building at this location opened in 1957 and was replaced by a new building on the same site in 2004. The new library, a green building designed to minimize environmental impacts, has of floor space and a storage capacity of 75,000 volumes.
History.
In 1913, the Multnomah County Library opened a small deposit station in Southwest Portland. It held a collection of 30 to 50 books and was easier for nearby residents to get to than the main library downtown. Later in the same year, a South Portland sub-branch of the library, larger than the deposit station, opened at First and Hooker streets. This sub-branch was replaced in 1921 by a new building, at Second Avenue and Hooker Street, funded by the Carnegie Corporation of New York. After large highways were built through the neighborhood, the South Portland branch served a declining population, and its open days were reduced to three a week in 1940. At the same time, a reading room in Multnomah, another southwest Portland neighborhood, was enlarged to accommodate a growing population.
By 1957, as the populations in the southwest part of the city continued to grow, the sub-branch in Multnomah was closed and a Southwest Hills branch was opened in Hillsdale at 1515 Southwest Sunset Boulevard. Responding to petitions from the community, the library board agreed to change the branch name to Hillsdale Library in 1986. In 1988, voters approved bonds to improve neighborhood libraries, including the Hillsdale branch. After many public discussions, the Multnomah County Commission voted to build a new library on the site of the existing building. Those discussions included a proposal to relocate the library into a mixed-use development. In March 2002, the old building was demolished.
Construction on the new structure began in 2002, and the new Modernist structure, built to reduce its environmental impact, opened in 2004. It was the last of a string of renovations costing $34 million undertaken by the Multnomah County Library system in the early 2000s, which an "Oregonian" article called "the widest rollout of civic architecture since the creation of Portland's first citywide library system in the 1910s." The new $4.1 million building doubled the size of the library to and added parking below. Initially, officials hoped to earn Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) silver status for the new library, but instead were able to gain gold status in 2004 after the structure was completed. Features of the new building include items such as a high ceiling in the reading room, a tubular steel roof, and skylights.
Thomas Hacker and Associates were the Hillsdale Library's architects, along with all 16 of the other branches redesigned or renovated. James W. Fowler Co. was the general contractor on the new building. The Hillsdale Library has a capacity of 75,000 volumes and has of floor space.

</doc>
<doc id="36799021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36799021" title="Tim Bauer">
Tim Bauer

Tim Bauer (born January 16, 1985) is a German footballer who plays for Wormatia Worms.

</doc>
<doc id="36799027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36799027" title="Milburn, West Virginia">
Milburn, West Virginia

Milburn is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36799030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36799030" title="Hollywood Library">
Hollywood Library

The Hollywood Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library (MCL), in the Hollywood District of Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The building, at N.E. 40th Avenue and Tillamook Street, opened in 2002, and has three residential stories above the library. The previous building, constructed in 1959 at N.E. 39th Avenue and Hancock Street, was expected to be sold in 2003 to a private party, for its appraised price of $675,000. The branch offers the MCL catalog of two million books, periodicals and other materials.
History.
Known until 1959 as Rose City Park Library, the branch opened in 1917 at 1236 Sandy Road. Heavily used, the library soon ran short of space, and neighborhood residents sought funds for a larger building. By 1926, a new building designed by architect Jamieson Parker (who also designed the Belmont Library) was completed. It opened in August that year at 1170 N.E. Hancock Street.
In the 1950s as part of a long-range library plan, Multnomah County hired the Stewart and Richardson architectural firm to design a new building of for Rose City Park Library. The building, at 3960 N.E. Hancock Street, was completed, and it opened in April 1959. Two months later, the library board changed the name of the branch from Rose City Park Library to Hollywood Library, which better reflected the name of the neighborhood it served.
By 1996, circulation at this library had more than doubled to an average of 47,000 items per month. Voters in that year approved a bond measure to improve libraries, especially the Hollywood branch and three others. The library hired architect Thomas Hacker and Associates and Sockeye Hollywood, a development firm, to construct a mixed-use building at N.E. 40th Avenue and Tillamook Street. The building, completed in 2002, has 47 mixed-income apartments above the library. The library itself has of floor space, and the ground floor also has of retail space. The new library opened on May 7, 2002.

</doc>
