<doc id="36580842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580842" title="Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman bantamweight">
Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman bantamweight

The men's Greco-Roman bantamweight was a Greco-Roman wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the first appearance of the event. Bantamweight was the lightest category, including wrestlers weighing up to 58 kilograms.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski
The tournament was double-elimination.
Second round.
25 wrestlers began this round. In the 12 matches, 8 wrestlers suffered their second loss in this round and were eliminated. 4 wrestlers suffered their first loss. 9 wrestlers continued undefeated, while 3 won whilst avoiding elimination and a further one-loss wrestler received a bye.
Third round.
9 wrestlers began this round with no losses, 8 with one loss.
5 wrestlers suffered their second loss in this round and were eliminated (including Gundersen, who withdrew). 5 wrestlers continued undefeated, 3 won whilst avoiding elimination, and 4 suffered their first loss.
Fourth round.
5 wrestlers began this round with no losses, 7 with one loss.
Of the 6 matches, one pitted undefeated wrestlers against each other. Two involved two wrestlers who each had one loss. The remaining three were contested by an undefeated wrestler against one facing elimination, resulting in one elimination and two men receiving their first loss.
This resulted in 2 wrestlers keeping their undefeated status and 3 being eliminated. 3 men received their first loss and 4 won while avoiding elimination.
Fifth round.
2 wrestlers began this round with no losses, 7 with one loss (6 after Dierickx withdrew).
Of the four matches, two involved both wrestlers facing elimination and two pitted an undefeated wrestler against a man with one loss. The latter two resulted in one elimination and one wrestler taking his first loss. In all, 4 wrestlers (including Dierickx) were eliminated. One wrestler continued undefeated, one had his first loss, and three survived elimination.
Sixth round.
1 wrestler began this round with no losses, 4 with one loss (3 after Herschmann withdrew).
One match was certain elimination, while the other pitted the undefeated Pütsep against the one-loss Hansson. Pütsep defeated Hansson to remain undefeated, while Ahlfors survived elimination by eliminating Ikonen.
This round was the last. Pütsep, who had defeated Ahlfors already, won the gold. Ahlfors placed second. Ikonen took bronze over Hansson based on number of wins, as Ikonen had advanced without a bye while Hansson had received a bye.

</doc>
<doc id="36580843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580843" title="Total Recall">
Total Recall

Total Recall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36580846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580846" title="Deus Ex Machina (album)">
Deus Ex Machina (album)

Deus Ex Machina is the debut album of composer Paul Schütze, released in 1989 through Extreme Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36580849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580849" title="List of museums in Macau">
List of museums in Macau

This is a list of museums in Macau.

</doc>
<doc id="36580850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580850" title="20 Camelopardalis">
20 Camelopardalis

20 Camelopardalis (20 Cam) is a star in the constellation Camelopardalis. Its apparent magnitude is 7.45.

</doc>
<doc id="36580860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580860" title="Maulong, Catbalogan">
Maulong, Catbalogan

Maulong refers to a barangay or village in Catbalogan City, Philippines located between the villages of Payao and Mercedes. It is 518 km southeast of Manila and 2 km from downtown Catbalogan City, the provincial capital of Samar.
Camp Vicente Lukban, Philippine Army, 8th Infantry Division covers a large part of Maulong. Most residents are soldiers because of its close proximity to the camp. The camp is named in honor of a Philippine revolutionary officer, Vicente Lukbán. The Philippine National Police Headquarters in Region VIII is also located inside the base.
Catbalogan VI Central School<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36580864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580864" title="21 Camelopardalis">
21 Camelopardalis

21 Camelopardalis (21 Cam) is a star in the constellation Camelopardalis. Its apparent magnitude is 6.85.

</doc>
<doc id="36580898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580898" title="Liptornis">
Liptornis

Liptornis hesternus is a fossil bird of uncertain affinities. It was described by Argentine palaeontologist Florentino Ameghino in 1894 from a large cervical vertebra from the Middle Miocene of Patagonia. At the time it was referred to the Pelecanidae, though this is questionable. In his 1933 palaeornithological review, Lambrecht referred it only to the superfamily Sulides without placing it in a family.

</doc>
<doc id="36580905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580905" title="Richard B. Connolly">
Richard B. Connolly

Richard Barrett Connolly (1810 Dunmanway, County Cork, Ireland – May 30, 1880 Marseille, France) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He came to New York City in 1826, and worked first for auctioneers John Haggerty & Sons, and later for merchant Simeon Draper, Haggerty's son-in-law. In 1837, Connolly married Maria S. Townsend (1816–1879), and they had four children. In 1845, Collector of the Port Cornelius Van Wyck Lawrence appointed Connolly as a clerk in the customs house. In 1849, he became a discount clerk of the Bank of North America.
As a Tammany Hall Democrat, he was Clerk of New York County from 1853 to 1858; and a member of the New York State Senate (7th D.) from 1860 to 1863, sitting in the 83rd, 84th, 85th and 86th New York State Legislatures. Afterwards he became a discount clerk of the Central National Bank.
He was elected New York City Comptroller in 1867, and became a member of the infamous "Tweed Ring." Some newspaper writers referred to him at that time as "Slippery Dick". He was re-appointed by Mayor A. Oakey Hall as City Comptroller under the "Tweed Charter" and remained in office until his resignation on November 18, 1871. A week later, Connolly was arrested and later indicted on 15 counts of misdemeanors. On New Year's Day, 1872, he was released on bail by Judge George G. Barnard, and went abroad, never to return to the United States.
He died from Bright's disease in Marseille, France, while being a fugitive from justice.

</doc>
<doc id="36580914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580914" title="James Essex Elam">
James Essex Elam

James Essex Elam (1829 - 1873) was Mayor of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, serving four terms between 1858 and his death in 1873.
Early life.
Elam, the son of James M. Elam and Rebecca Chambers, was born in Baton Rouge on December 7, 1829. He attended Lagrange College in Kentucky (1846-1847) and graduated from Centenary College in Jackson, Louisiana in 1850. Elam graduated from law school at the University of Louisiana (now Tulane University) in New Orleans. Elam then returned to Baton Rouge to practice law with his father. He married Mary E. Vanlandingham on April 20, 1860 and they had four sons and a daughter.
Political career.
After practicing law with his father until his death in 1856, Elam ran for Mayor in 1858 and was elected at the age of 29. He served from 1858 - 1862. He was again elected mayor in 1865 and served until 1869. In 1870, he was again elected mayor as a Democrat and served until his death in 1873. In all, he served 4 terms as mayor.
Death and burial.
Elam died on July 31, 1873 while serving his fourth non-consecutive term as Mayor of Baton Rouge. It was reported that "he enjoyed the respect of every individual in the community during his long public career" He was interred in the family plot in the Magnolia Cemetery in Baton Rouge.

</doc>
<doc id="36580927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580927" title="2012 Summer Olympics marketing">
2012 Summer Olympics marketing

2012 Summer Olympics marketing has been a long running campaign that began since London won its bid to host the games in 2005.
Merchandise.
On 21 July 2009, the LOCOG announced that Hornby had won the license to develop and market a range associated with the Games. In March 2011, the LOCOG commissioned and published a series of training guides. The merchandise was sold online and in five shops known as "The London 2012 Shop". In addition, Adidas sold its London 2012 range in its flagship store on Oxford Street, and selected Next stores sold their 2012 range. Sainsbury's as official sponsors of the Paralympics also sold merchandise within their stores.
Official song.
"Survival", a single released by the English band Muse, will be the official song of the Olympics. It will be broadcast when the athletes enter the stadium and in the period before medal ceremonies; international broadcasters will also be playing it while reporting on the Games.
Stamps.
In August 2009, the Royal Mail commissoned artists and illustrators to create 30 stamps which were released in batches of 10 during 2009 to 2011. The choice of 30 stamps for the issue symbolises the fact that the Games take place during the 30th Olympiad. Each stamp featured an Olympic or Paralympic sport and in addition carried the London 2012 logo. The Royal Mail had initially proposed that photographs be included as well but this was abandoned as the photos would have to be of dead people as the only living person allowed to feature on stamps in the United Kingdom is the Queen. Stamps with an Olympic theme go back to the very first games in Athens in 1890 when the organisers commissioned the sale of stamps in order to balance the books and construct the last four venues. When London first held the Games in 1908 no stamps were commissioned. That occasion and 1912 are the only times when stamps were not issued. When London last held the Games in 1948, just four stamps were issued. On 22 July 2011, the last of the 30 stamps were released.
Coins.
Two £5 coins have been made to mark London 2012 Olympics. Saiman Miah, a British Bangladeshi architecture student, designed the coins. As with other Olympics since 1952, the Royal Mint will strike a set of commemorative one-kilogram gold and silver coins. The striking of such large coins necessitated a new Act of Parliament, the Coinage (Measurement) Act 2011.
"Chariots of Fire".
The 1981 Best Picture Oscar-winning film "Chariots of Fire", which depicts Britain's athletics successes in the 1924 Olympics, is also a recurring theme in promotions for the 2012 London Olympics. The film's theme tune was featured at the opening of the 2012 London New Year's fireworks celebrating the Olympics, and the film's iconic beach-running scene and theme tune are utilized in "The Sun"'s "Let's Make It Great, Britain" Olympic ads. The tune was also used when five thousand runners first tested the new Olympic Park.
As an official part of the London 2012 Festival celebrations, a new digitally re-mastered version of "Chariots of Fire" was screened in over 100 cinemas throughout the UK. The re-release began on 13 July 2012, two weeks before the Olympic opening ceremony. A 2012 stage adaptation of the same title also coincides with the Olympics, opening 9 May at London's Hampstead Theatre and transferring to the West End on 23 June.
Fashion.
The Olympics are known as the greatest fashion show on Earth with a worldwide audience. The outfits have to fly the flag and represent their nation to the world. Fashion designers from all over the world support their countries by creating uniforms for Olympic athletes by combining hi-tech fabrics and stylish designs. The kits consist of performance suits, podium suits, villagewear, and the uniform worn during the Opening and Closing Ceremony.
Mascots.
The official mascots for the 2012 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games were unveiled on 19 May 2010. Wenlock and Mandeville are animations depicting two drops of steel from a steelworks in Bolton. They are named after the Shropshire town of Much Wenlock, which held a forerunner of the current Olympic Games, and Stoke Mandeville, a village in Buckinghamshire where a forerunner to the Paralympic Games were first held. The writer Michael Morpurgo wrote the story concept to the mascots, and an animation was produced; Two stories have been created about the mascots: "Out Of A Rainbow" and "Adventures On A Rainbow".
Ticketing.
Organisers estimated that some 8 million tickets would be available for the Olympic Games, and 1.5 million tickets for the Paralympic Games. It was estimated that 82% of available Olympic tickets and 63% of Paralympic tickets would be sold. LOCOG aims to raise £375–£400 million in ticket sales. There will also be free events such as marathon, triathlon and road cycling, although, for the first time in Olympic history, the sailing events will be ticketed. To reduce congestion, ticket holders are entitled to free use of London's public transport network on the day of the event.
Following IOC rules, people applied for tickets from the NOC of their country of residence. European Union residents were able to apply for tickets in any EU country.
In Great Britain, ticket prices range from £20 for many events to £2,012 for the most expensive seats at the opening ceremony. Free tickets were given to military personnel, over 100.000 free tickets were given to schoolchildren and children were invited to win tickets. Free tickets were also given to the survivors and families of those who died during 7 July 2005 London bombings. Initially, people were able to apply for tickets via a website from 15 March 2011 until 26 April 2011. There was a huge demand for tickets, with 1.8 million people applying for 20 million tickets – three times the 6.6 million tickets available in the first round lot, with 95% of the applications from Great Britain. More than 50% of the sessions went to a random ballot, but over half the people who applied got no tickets as the process was widely criticised. Lord Coe and the LOCOG insisted that the process was fair, and that there was no perfect system. On 11 May 2012 a round of nearly one million "second chance" tickets went on sale, with a second round of ticket sales for events that failed to sell out in the initial allocation. This took place over a 10-day period between 23 June and 3 July 2011, with priority given to those who were unsuccessful in the first allocation process. At this point there were about 1.7 million tickets available for football and 600,000 for other sports (including archery, hockey, football, judo, boxing and volleyball), with 1.5 million tickets priced between £20 and £50. Although technical difficulties were encountered, some events sold out in 15 minutes, and by 8 am, ten sports had sold out. People who were successful in the first round of tickets were allowed to buy more during the period 8–17 July 2011. By this point 1.5 million tickets were available for football and 8,000 for freestyle wrestling on a first-come-first-served basis. By 10 July all the tickets for volleyball had been sold, as 3.5 million tickets had been sold in total.
In Russia people bought "Olympic vouchers" which one would have to redeem in London during July and August 2012, with people making their own accommodation and travel arrangements. In Brazil, the ticket website and payment system did not work properly for the first three and a half days.
Sponsors.
The London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games (LOCOG) and the IOC (IOC) have agreed sponsorship deals with companies (see table). The sponsors are assigned into one of four categories; worldwide, tier one, tier two and tier three. The companies have cumulatively provided £1.4bn of funding, allocated evenly between the IOC and LOCOG.
Other sources estimated that sponsors provided about 957 000 000 $, rest estimated at ~ 3 900 000 000 $ would be provided by selling TV transmission rights(for the 4 years provided period). The total data for each company is not official presented, however with the sponsorship of companies not associated with the "health food" made the questions about it, and probably raised the part for contract renew.

</doc>
<doc id="36580944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580944" title="Luca Azzano Cantarutti">
Luca Azzano Cantarutti

Luca Azzano Cantarutti (born 18 December 1963 in Pordenone) is a Venetian independentist, Venetist politician and lawyer.
In the early 1990s Azzano Cantarutti joined Liga Veneta–Lega Nord in the province of Rovigo. At the 1994 general election he was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies in the single-seat constituency of Adria. In July 1995 he left the party and joined the parliamentary group of Federalists and Liberal Democrats (FLD), being a member of the Federalist Italian League (LIF). Finally, in December of that year he switched to the Christian Democratic Centre (CCD) along with other LIF MPs. At the 1996 election he was the only member of LIF to stand for re-election under the party's banner, but got just 2.8% of the vote in his single-seat constituency of Adria.
After staying for years out of politics, Azzano Cantarutti joined Veneto State, the joint Venetist-separatist party campaigning for outright independence of Veneto. In May 2012 he was a founding member of Venetian Independence, a split of Veneto State, and was elected president of the new party. In February 2014 Cantarutti led a group of splinters out of Venetian Independence and launched the alternative Independent Venetians, of which he was elected president.

</doc>
<doc id="36580961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580961" title="Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman featherweight">
Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman featherweight

The men's Greco-Roman featherweight was a Greco-Roman wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the third appearance of the event. Featherweight was the second-lightest category, including wrestlers weighing 58 to 62 kilograms.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski
The tournament was double-elimination.
Seventh round.
This round left only two undefeated wrestlers, who advanced to the eighth round. Nord, with his second loss, finished fourth. Malmberg, taking his first loss in the seventh round, finished with the bronze medal.
Eighth round.
Anttila defeated Toivola for the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36580967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580967" title="First Lady of Ivory Coast">
First Lady of Ivory Coast

The First Lady of Ivory Coast is the title given to the wife of the President of Ivory Coast. The current First Lady is Dominique Ouattara, who has held the office since 11 April 2011. (Dominique Ouattara and her predecessor, Simone Gbagbo, were the co-claimants of the office from 4 December 2010 to 11 April 2011.)

</doc>
<doc id="36580976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580976" title="Michael Levine (biologist)">
Michael Levine (biologist)

Mike Levine (b. circa 1954, West Hollywood, California) is an American developmental biologist at the University of California, Berkeley, notable for co-discovering the Homeobox in 1983 and for discovering the organization of the regulatory regions of developmental genes. Fellow biologist Sean Carroll said of Levine, "Mike's work has done for animal development what the work on the lac operon and phage lambda did for understanding gene regulation in simpler organisms ... two big discoveries had a very large conceptual significance for developmental biology and by extension for evolutionary biology."
Biography.
Levine was born in West Hollywood and raised in Los Angeles. Levine studied biology as an undergraduate at UC Berkeley, studying biology with Allan Wilson and graduating in 1976. Although he described some family pressure to become a doctor ("Coming from a modest background, particularly a Jewish family, the pressure to become a doctor was intense"), he went on to graduate studies at Yale, studying with Alan Garen and receiving in 1981 a Ph.D. in molecular biophysics and biochemistry. 
Levine has been a professor at UC Berkeley since leaving UCSD in 1996.
Discoveries.
Homeobox discovery.
Levine was a post-doc with Walter Gehring in Switzerland from 1982 to 1983. There, he co-discovered the homeobox with Ernst Hafen and fellow post-doc William McGinnis:
After learning that Ultrabithorax, a gene that specifies the development of wings, showed a localized pattern of expression similar to that of Antennapedia, they decided to revisit the classic papers of Ed Lewis. In 1978, Lewis had proposed that all these homeotic genes (the ones that tell animals where to put a wing and where to put a leg and so on) arose from a common ancestral gene. So McGinnis carved up the Antennapedia gene and, using those pieces as probes, the trio identified eight genes, which turned out to be the eight homeotic genes in flies. "That pissed off a lot of people," says Levine. "The homeotic genes were the trophies of the "Drosophila" genome. And we got 'em all. I mean, we got 'em all!" Far from being humble, Levine says, "We were like, 'We kicked your ass pretty good, didn't we, baby!' Those were the days."
Discovery of the "eve" stripe 2 enhancer.
Levine briefly returned to UC Berkeley as a postdoctoral fellow with Gerry Rubin. He then joined the faculty of Columbia University, where he "led the discovery of the modular organization of the regulatory regions of developmental genes." After isolating the "even-skipped" ("eve") gene, Levine's team determined that each of the seven stripes was produced by separate enhancers. With further study they discovered that both a set of activators and a set of repressors worked together to shape the expression of "eve" in the second stripe, and determined that the repressors shut down only their binding enhancers, leaving other enhancers free of repression. Joseph Corbo said of the work, "Before Levine's studies of even-skipped stripe 2, it wasn't clear how you generated spatially restricted patterns of gene expression from initially broad crude gradients of morphogens. I think that the even-skipped stripe 2 studies were the defining studies that showed how an organism can interpret those gradients and turn them into specific patterns of gene expression. To me that's Mike's crowning achievement."
Discoveries in the ascidian "Ciona".
After earning tenure in only four years at Columbia, Levine moved to UCSD in 1991, where he added the sea squirt, "Ciona intestinalis", to his repertoire. Although much of Levine's work, including his homeobox studies, has been done in "Drosophila" Levine's team is also prominent in work with the sea squirt, "Ciona intestinalis", an invertebrate that facilitates study of development. For example, this work included insights into classical myodeterminants and the composition of the notochord, the defining tissue of the chordate phylum.
Professional relations.
Levine cites as a significant influence his instructor Fred Wilt (taking his developmental biology class "was probably the single most galvanizing experience I had in terms of defining my future goals"), and cites fellow scientists Eric Davidson, Peter Lawrence and Christiane Nusslein-Volhard as "mentors friends ... over the years".
Levine is well-known within academic biologist circles for his unconventional sense of humor, including an incident in which he lit a ring of fire around a postdoc:
"The most famous thing I ever did is I torched one of my postdocs," says Levine. was there at the time. "Mike got a squirt bottle of ethanol, unbeknownst to this hapless postdoc who was sitting at his bench minding his own business," says Corbo. Levine shot a ring of ethanol around the young man's seat and trailed a wick into the hallway. Then he lit it. "So this tongue of flame snaked into the lab and encircled this postdoc," says Corbo. "My technique was a little off and I put a little too much ethanol around his bench. So it's true, he was temporarily enveloped in a curtain of fire," says Levine. "But the fire receded and he was ok."
Training.
Levine has trained a number of people in developmental biology and molecular biology. Many of these people are chairs, directors, and principal investigators of labs across the world (U.S., Europe, Japan, China, and Singapore).

</doc>
<doc id="36580989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580989" title="Omnitruncated 6-simplex honeycomb">
Omnitruncated 6-simplex honeycomb

In six-dimensional Euclidean geometry, the omnitruncated 6-simplex honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation (or honeycomb). It is composed entirely of omnitruncated 6-simplex facets.
The facets of all omnitruncated simplectic honeycombs are called permutahedra and can be positioned in "n+1" space with integral coordinates, permutations of the whole numbers (0,1..,n).
A lattice.
The A lattice (also called A) is the union of seven A6 lattices, and has the vertex arrangement of the dual to the "omnitruncated 6-simplex honeycomb", and therefore the Voronoi cell of this lattice is the omnitruncated 6-simplex.
Projection by folding.
The "omnitruncated 6-simplex honeycomb" can be projected into the 4-dimensional cubic honeycomb by a geometric folding operation that maps two pairs of mirrors into each other, sharing the same vertex arrangement:
See also.
Regular and uniform honeycombs in 6-space:

</doc>
<doc id="36580992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580992" title="Omnitruncated 8-simplex honeycomb">
Omnitruncated 8-simplex honeycomb

In eight-dimensional Euclidean geometry, the omnitruncated 8-simplex honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation (or honeycomb). It is composed entirely of omnitruncated 8-simplex facets.
The facets of all omnitruncated simplectic honeycombs are called permutahedra and can be positioned in "n+1" space with integral coordinates, permutations of the whole numbers (0,1..,n).
A lattice.
The A lattice (also called A) is the union of nine A8 lattices, and has the vertex arrangement of the dual honeycomb to the omnitruncated 8-simplex honeycomb, and therefore the Voronoi cell of this lattice is an omnitruncated 8-simplex
See also.
Regular and uniform honeycombs in 8-space:

</doc>
<doc id="36580994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580994" title="Omnitruncated 7-simplex honeycomb">
Omnitruncated 7-simplex honeycomb

In seven-dimensional Euclidean geometry, the omnitruncated 7-simplex honeycomb is a space-filling tessellation (or honeycomb). It is composed entirely of omnitruncated 7-simplex facets.
The facets of all omnitruncated simplectic honeycombs are called permutahedra and can be positioned in "n+1" space with integral coordinates, permutations of the whole numbers (0,1..,n).
A7* lattice.
The A lattice (also called A) is the union of eight A7 lattices, and has the vertex arrangement to the dual honeycomb of the omnitruncated 7-simplex honeycomb, and therefore the Voronoi cell of this lattice is an omnitruncated 7-simplex.
See also.
Regular and uniform honeycombs in 7-space:

</doc>
<doc id="36580997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36580997" title="Women's association football in New Zealand">
Women's association football in New Zealand

Football in New Zealand is one of the fastest growing and most popular sports amongst women. The National Women's League was created in 2002 in order to help improve the New Zealand women's national football team.New Zealand Football is now focusing its efforts on youth development so the country can be internationally competitive. 
The Women's Soccer Association of New Zealand (WSANZ) used to have sole control of the women's game in New Zealand it merged after becoming part of the national body, New Zealand Football.
WSANZ has disbanded its organisation and operates under New Zealand Football.

</doc>
<doc id="36581036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581036" title="Parisian Solos">
Parisian Solos

Parisian Solos is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1971 and released on the Futura label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with its review by Ken Dryden stating, "This solo date in a Paris studio finds Jaki Byard in his usual jaunty mood at the piano, whether reviving a forgotten jazz tune like "Bugle Call Rag" (before it became a bluegrass standard), increasing the intensity of an often dull ballad "Besame Mucho," or revising "Willow Weep for Me" with the choppy approach that helped to make his sound so distinctive".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Jaki Byard except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36581038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581038" title="Neuburg Congregational Church">
Neuburg Congregational Church

Neuburg Congregational Church near Mott, North Dakota was built in 1925. It has Gothic Revival architecture.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. The listing includes a contributing building, a contributing site, and a contributing structure. It includes a cemetery within its .
In 1925, early in the Great Depression, it was voted by a group of German-Russian immigrants to build a new church.

</doc>
<doc id="36581041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581041" title="Geological Observations on the Volcanic Islands">
Geological Observations on the Volcanic Islands

Geological Observations on the Volcanic Islands, visited during the Voyage of H.M.S. Beagle is a book written by the English naturalist Charles Darwin. The book was published in 1844, and is based on his travels during the second voyage of HMS Beagle, commanded by captain Robert FitzRoy. It is the second book in a series of geology books written by Darwin, and also includes "The Structure and Distribution of Coral Reefs", published in 1842, and "Geological Observations on South America", published in 1846.
The text contains seven chapters, and includes observations made during Darwin's travels to the volcanic island of St. Jago in Cape Verde, the Fernando de Noronha archipelago, Ascension Island, the island of Saint Helena, the Galápagos Islands, James Island, New Zealand, Australia, Van Diemen's Land, and the Cape of Good Hope.
The book includes one of the earliest accounts of the process of magmatic differentiation. While observing a basaltic lava flow in the Galápagos Islands, Darwin observed that "crystals sink from their weight" and that this "throws light on the separation of the high silica versus low silica series of rocks." This was the first proposal of the fractional crystallization hypothesis of magma differentiation that was further developed and demonstrated in the 20th century. 
The geologist Archibald Geikie praised the book, calling it "the best authority on the general geological structure of most of the regions it describes," and that Darwin was "one of the earliest writers to recognize the magnitude of denudation to which even recent geological accumulations have been subjected." 
A second edition of the book, published in 1876, combines "Geological Observations on the Volcanic Islands" with "Geological Observations on South America".

</doc>
<doc id="36581059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581059" title="FMRoyal">
FMRoyal

FMRoyal is the radio station produced by the Radio Club of the Royal College, Colombo. It was founded in 1925, and is the first school radio station in south Asia, as well as the first 24-hour radio station in Sri Lanka, and the first radio station in Sri Lanka to have a WAP-enabled website, first ever school radio station to start a webcast and the first ever school radio station in Colombo to have a relay transmission in Kandy and Galle.

</doc>
<doc id="36581063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581063" title="Hotel Berry">
Hotel Berry

Hotel Berry on W. Central Ave. in Velva, North Dakota, United States, was built in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982. The listing included two contributing buildings.
According to its 1981 NRHP nomination the hotel "represents a genre of first rate hotels built across North Dakota in an era marked by railroad travel and luxury accommodations. It is a visual reminder of the symbiotic relationship between railroad expansion and the development and maintenance of commercial/agricultural centers in the state."

</doc>
<doc id="36581070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581070" title="Abominationz">
Abominationz

Abominationz is the ninth studio album by Twiztid. Released October 22, 2012, it was the last release by Twiztid on Psychopathic Records, as they left the label following its release. 
"Abominationz" was predominantly produced by Michael "Seven" Summers. Featured guests on the album include Royce da 5'9" and Insane Clown Posse. A variation edition of the album featured additional guest appearances by Krizz Kaliko and Glasses Malone. 
Background.
On August 16, 2011, Monoxide stated on Twitter that the next Twiztid album would feature a guest appearance from Hopsin. However, this ultimately did not happen.
On April 18, 2012, both Jamie Madrox and Monoxide were interviewed on Strange Music's BlogTalkRadio. During the interview, they released the new album title, "Abominationz".
Recording for the album started in the first week of February 2012 and ended in late March of 2012 as Twiztid prepared for their Kaos and Kronik tour. While Twiztid was on tour Joe Strange began mixing songs and recording of the album resumed in June of 2012 after Twiztid had returned from tour. The Album was finished being recorded and mixed between June 2012 and September 2012.
Music and lyrics.
Producer Michael "Seven" Summers provided a more varied sound for Twiztid on "Abominationz", culling from blues on "Bad Side", providing a power ballad sound for "LDLHA-IBCSYWA" and generally drawing from electro and rap rock throughout the album, as well as underlining the raps and music with horror film-inspired sound design. For the album, Twiztid adopted a faster rapping style which allowed the duo to write more lyrics for the album than previous efforts. The duo's primary lyrical inspiration for the album was anger and hate, with elements of dark humor, including gallows humor.
Release.
The pamphlet included with Insane Clown Posse's album "The Mighty Death Pop!" announced that Twiztid's "Abominationz" would be released on October 23, 2012. The release date was later pushed up to October 22. On October 4, the track listing for "Abominationz" was released. On October 9, the single and a series of samples from the album were released.
"Abominationz" was released in alternate variant editions, each containing unique outer artwork depicting photographs of Jamie Madrox and Monoxide and a bonus track. The Madrox edition contained the bonus track "Return of the Pervert", and the Monoxide edition contained the bonus track "Sux 2 B U", which featured guest vocals by Krizz Kaliko and Glasses Malone. These variant editions were made available to purchase separately, or as a combo. The combined order was shipped with a poster. Those that purchased both "Abominationz" and Cold 187um's "The Only Solution" within two weeks of the album's release date also received a bonus CD containing Psychopathic Records' "Psyphers".
Reception.
Abominationz debuted at number 18 on the "Billboard" 200 chart and number 4 on the Top Independent Albums and number 2 on the Top Rap Albums charts and number 6 on the Top Tastemaker Albums. As of December the album has sold 29 000 copies.
Reviewing the album for Allmusic, David Jeffries gave the album 3.5 stars out of 5, writing, "As far as Twiztid as rappers, here they're as shameless and gross [...] as ever, although the tempo of their delivery has steadily increased, making the "Abominationz" lyric sheet longer than previous albums. [...] "Abominationz" finds Twiztid delivering the hyped-up, hate-filled, horror-rap goods with plenty of punch and the grimmest of jokes."

</doc>
<doc id="36581071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581071" title="GreenButton">
GreenButton

GreenButton was a New Zealand-based software firm specializing in cloud computing. The company specializes in the creation of cloud platforms for the improvement and dispatch of software and services, which helps Independent software vendors (ISVs) and enterprises to move to the cloud. Founded in 2006, GreenButton is based in Wellington, New Zealand, with additional offices in Palo Alto, California and Seattle.
GreenButton was acquired by Microsoft on 2 May 2014; its technologies will be integrated into its existing Azure offering.
History.
GreenButton was founded as InterGrid in 2006 in Wellington, New Zealand, to provide small scale customers with a seamless interface to access job processors. GreenButton's hybrid approach, helps software vendors use cloud computing. The company had a total turnover of $1.5 million for the fiscal year 2011-12.
In June 2012, GreenButton announced a partnership with the GNS Science of New Zealand and American based Stillwater Group for the optimization of cloud computing during complex seismic processing. The company is currently developing a software solution called "Cloud Claritas", which integrates heavy seismic processing to the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud platform. Seismic processing is an integral part of the Oil and natural gas exploration process, and requires heavy processing of data.
On 2 May 2014, GreenButton announced its acquisition by Microsoft. While the company will retain its New Zealand-based staff, GreenButton's technology will be directly integrated into Microsoft Azure. As a result of the acquisition, GreenButton immediately stopped accepting new customers on the same day.
Recognition.
GreenButton is a member of the Microsoft Partner Network. In 2011, GreenButton was declared as Microsoft Corp’s Windows Azure ISV Partner of the Year. They also won the 2011 New Zealand Partner of the Year Award from Microsoft New Zealand. GreenButton also won the Cyber Gold Award for Technology, during the 2012 Wellington Gold awards, for its platform for applications transitioning to the cloud. GreenButton was also among the finalists for the New Zealand Hi-Tech awards 2012 in two categories: Microsoft Hi-Tech Emerging Company Award and the Duncan Cotterill Innovative Hi-Tech Software Product Award.
GreenButton won BizSpark Partner of the Year and Software Exporter of the Year awards from MS New Zealand in 2011. Also, Dave Fellows of GreenButton won the Solutions Architect of the Year award that year.
Products.
As of 2012, GreenButton enabled software platforms include: 
Partnerships.
In addition to the partnership announced with the GNS Science / Stillwater Group, in 2012 GreenButton also entered into a partner ship with Numerix, an American company that develops software for risk analysis of financial derivatives. The main aim of the tie up was to provide Numerix clients with a hassle-free, secure, and on-demand access to the cloud computing resources.
GreenButton recently partnered with the Pixar Animation Studios and the Microsoft's cloud computing platform Windows Azure, to launch a new cloud rendering service called "RenderMan On Demand". The service enhances the RenderMan application programming interface for optimal performance.
Alliance with Microsoft Azure.
In 2011, GreenButton entered into an alliance agreement with Windows Azure. According to GreenButton, the deal formalizes the partnership between it and MS Azure, which will see GreenButton’s cloud enabling technology promoted worldwide through MS Azure. Talking about the deal, the Azure General Manager Doug Hauger claimed that the alliance between MS Azure and GreenButton is an example of the ""democratization of IT"".
Geographic spread.
GreenButton focused on the spread of its business outside New Zealand after 2010. In 2011, they opened two offices in the United States. The office at Palo Alto, California functions as the US headquarters of the company. The second office, located in Seattle, functions as a sales offices. GreenButton claims to have end user customers in a total of 77 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="36581075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581075" title="Taylor Mokate">
Taylor Mokate

Taylor Mokate is an American professional rugby player who was formerly contracted to play for the USA Sevens during 2012. 
Originally recruited as a tight end to play at the University of Oklahoma, Mokate ended playing on the rugby team. Mokate signed to play for Old Boys University an amateur club based in New Zealand to compete for The Jubilee Cup during the 2012 season. On June 9, 2012 Mokate earned his first cap for the USA in a 25-28 loss to Canada. Mokate scored his first international try in a victory against Georgia. In July 2012 Mokate signed a contract to play professionally for the USA Sevens, but that contract was not renewed for 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36581098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581098" title="Liberty Baptist Church (Kief, North Dakota)">
Liberty Baptist Church (Kief, North Dakota)

Liberty Baptist Church at Fifth & Christina Sts. in Kief, North Dakota was built in 1902. It included Late Gothic Revival architecture.
The church was the first "Stundist" church built in North America. It has a hipped roof that is similar in design to the roofs of pioneer homes built by Ukrainian immigrants to the upper Great Plains.
The building was moved in 1936 to its current location. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="36581103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581103" title="Tomohiko Hoshina">
Tomohiko Hoshina

Early life.
Hoshina was born and raised in Japan to a Japanese father and Filipina mother. He started competing in judo before the age 10 - his father is a judoka fanatic and encouraged him to enter tournaments.
He continued competing in judoka while at college and he hopes eventually to become a sumo wrestling teacher.
Career.
2012 Summer Olympics.
In 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Hoshina debuted in the Men's +100 kg in judo, representing the Philippines. 
On August 3, 2012 in the pool round, Hoshina was drawn against Kim Sung-Min of South Korea who had previously beaten him at the 2011 World Judo Championships and the 2011 Asian Judo Championships. Hoshina did not progress to the next round, again losing to Kim due to Kim’s full-point throw, an ippon. The game was timed out in 1 minute and 5 seconds ending with Kim scoring 100 to Hoshina's 0.

</doc>
<doc id="36581110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581110" title="Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman lightweight">
Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman lightweight

The men's Greco-Roman lightweight was a Greco-Roman wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event. Lightweight was the third-lightest category, including wrestlers weighing 62 to 67 kilograms.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski
The tournament was double-elimination.
Sixth round.
This was the final round. Friman won gold, undefeated. Keresztes took silver and Westerlund bronze, as Kusnets finished fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="36581124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581124" title="Walking Slow">
Walking Slow

"Walking Slow" is a song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne, released as the initial single from his 1974 classic album, "Late for the Sky", however, the single failed to chart. It was also released as a promotional single in the United Kingdom.
Reaction.
Stephen Holden, in his November 7, 1974, review of the "Late for the Sky" album, called the song "a crisp little rock song." Discussing the song in terms of the narrative progression of the album, Holden said the song celebrated "Browne's newfound domestic stability."
Personnel.
Professional jug band musician Fritz Richmond is credited with playing jug on the track.

</doc>
<doc id="36581147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581147" title="Andrew Durutalo">
Andrew Durutalo

Andrew Durutalo is an American professional rugby player who currently plays for Old Puget Sound Beach RFC. Durutalo has also been capped by the USA Sevens and USA national rugby teams.

</doc>
<doc id="36581150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581150" title="Sierra Nevada National Park (Venezuela)">
Sierra Nevada National Park (Venezuela)

The Sierra Nevada National Park (PNSN) is an important National Park of Venezuela located between Mérida and Barinas states in the west of the country. It was created on May 2, 1952, by decree of President Germán Suárez Flamerich, in order to protect the Sierra Nevada de Mérida in the Andes.
It was the second national park decreed, after Henri Pittier National Park, which became the first Venezuelan national park 15 years earlier.
The Sierra Nevada is an area of great ecological importance for Venezuela, for preservation of the ecosystem of the tallest in the country, where mountain ranges are located at higher altitudes of the Venezuelan Andes, including the Pico Bolívar, the highest geographical in Venezuela with 4,978 m.
History.
The initiative to create the Sierra Nevada Park was born in the Escuela de Ingeniería Forestal since 1948. The proposal takes strength and the University of the Andes, appoints a commission to the preliminary study, later, was presented to national authorities to justify the creation of the park.
On May 2, 1952, the Governing Board chaired by Germán Suárez Flamerich, signed a decree which stated the Sierra Nevada as National Park.
The Sierra Nevada Park is the second oldest National Park in Venezuela, after Henri Pittier National Park.
Initially the park covered an area of 190,000 ha. However, the August 14, 1985 by decree of the National Executive, President Jaime Lusinchi are added other 86,446 ha., leaving a total area of 276,446 ha.
Geography.
The park encompasses parts of six municipalities of the states of Mérida and three of the Barinas state. Its total area is 276,446 hectares, of which 185,886 hectares belong to the state of Mérida, which means 67.2% of the total area, while the remaining 90,560 ha. represent the state of Barinas, 32.8% of the area of the park.
The Sierra Nevada covers one of the two branches of the Cordillera de Mérida in the central Andes of Venezuela, which is the same name Sierra Nevada, the area of it is rugged highlighting the location of the main peaks in the country as these are Pico Bolívar (4,978 m), Pico Humboldt (4,942 m), Pico La Concha (4922), Pico Bonpland (4883), Pico Espejo (4880), Pico León (4740), Pico El Toro ( 4729) and Pico Mucuñuque (4609).
The Sierra Nevada is separated from the Sierra La Culata, other Cordilleran massif of Andean mountain range, by depression of the Chama River in the north, while the northeast makes the valley of the River Santo Domingo, from the Kettle Mucubají to the dam José Antonio Páez. In the southwest, the boundary of the park forms the valley of River Nuestra Señora, left bank tributary of the Chama River, downstream from the city of Ejido.
The park is in two major mountain ranges: the Sierra Nevada de Mérida and the Sierra de Santo Domingo, which are characterized by high peaks, glacial valleys and river valleys.
Most rivers are the Chama, Albarregas and Mucujún flowing into Lake Maracaibo. Meanwhile, the Orinoco basin, the main ones are the Caparo, the Santo Domingo and the Cajurí that flows into the Uribante. In the park are also thirteen watersheds, and ten lakes of glacial origin, that global warming effects have been reduced, some of them are: Mucubají, La Negra, La Verde and Los Anteojos.
The vegetation of the park is representative of the Andean cloud forests, mostly trees and undergrowth layers well developed and numerous epiphytes and endemic species. The higher altitudes, above 3,000 m is developed typical moorland vegetation, consisting of a large number of species of Espeletia. It also presents a xerophytic scrub vegetation in the drier areas of the River Basin Nuestra Señora. In Barinas, the vegetation is predominantly forest, with trees up to 25 m. height.
Climate.
The Sierra Nevada has two annual periods, a period of maximum rainfall concentrated between May and October and a dry period or minimum rainfall between December and March. In addition to the precipitation as rain, is also very common in snow precipitation or snowfall in the highest peaks, snowfalls are frequent between July and September and sporadic the rest of the year.
Due to its location in a mountain range, the temperature range in the park is quite large, varying its annual average between 26 °C in the lower areas (400 m) and -05 °C in the highest peaks (+ 4900 masl).
Fauna.
For the type of weather that gives the park, it has developed into one of the largest shelter and space for hundreds of animal species. One of the largest species can be found in the park is the Spectacled Bear, besides being the only representative of the family Ursidae in the Andes, is one of the endangered species.
Among other species of wildlife living in the Sierra Nevada are: the tailed deer, the helmeted curassow, the Puma, the Andean coati, the Andean leopard, the jaguar, the paca and the rabbit of the moor, among other.
Among the birds in the park includes the Andean guan, the white-tailed quetzal, the masked trogon, magpies and Black-chested Buzzard-Eagle, some larger species like the Andean condor are now in danger of extinction and is therefore is taking a restocking program in Colombia.
Access.
The most popular access to the park is via the Mérida cable car. Another important input is by road through the village of Tabay, for the area of La Mucuy, entering the Park Sierra Nevada making a trip through the lagoons Coromoto, La Verde, El Suero, bordering the picos Humboldt, La Concha, the area basis for up to Pico Bolívar by the south, and reaching the Pico Espejo back south-east.

</doc>
<doc id="36581151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581151" title="De La Soulviet">
De La Soulviet

De La Soulviet is a mashup album produced and mixed by Miami-based producer and sound engineer TenDJiz. It uses acapellas of hip-hop trio De La Soul and couples it with instrumentals created from Soviet soul and jazz samples. The album was released on October 1, 2011.
Reception.
The album has received positive reviews from critics. Jeff Weiss of The Los Angeles Times stated "the blends are artfully done and the samples are tastefully chosen." The Miami New Times named the album "Mashup Revolution". Melissa Enaje, contributor of The Source Magazine, said "Once I heard the album, my neck muscles were probably strained from how much I was nodding my head in appreciation for the sound. It was def in tune with the essence of hip-hop...". Roslynn Cobarrubias, the Senior Director of Urban Marketing at MySpace Music posted the album on her blog. Edith Zimmerman of New York Magazine and Esquire described "De La Soulviet" as "great". Jarry L. Barrow, the editor-in-chief of Scratch Magazine, said that TenDJiz "ingeniously mixed them La Soul with Soviet soul and jazz. The result is inspiring." DeVon Thompson from Creative Beach claims that 
"the mix sounds like it could be the original!". The album has been featured on many on-line magazines and music websites such as: Blurt Magazine, Peace Magazine, Rumba Magazine (Finland), Radio Nova (France), Rubyhornet.com, Thewordisbond.com, Fleamarketfunk.com, Bamalovesoul.com, Blockmuzikradio.com 

</doc>
<doc id="36581208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581208" title="Iranamadu Airport">
Iranamadu Airport

Iranamadu Airport (, ) is an air force station and domestic airport in Iranamadu in northern Sri Lanka. Located approximately south east of the town of Kilinochchi, the airport is also known as Kilinochchi Airport and SLAF Iranamadu. Originally built by the rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in 2003, it was captured by the Sri Lankan military in 2009 and taken over by the Sri Lanka Air Force.
History.
The rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam first built an airstrip in Iranamadu in the early 1990s. In 1993 they started clearing land south east of the Iranamadu Tank and over the next two years constructed a runway which was opened by LTTE leader V. Prabhakaran on 19 March 1995. The runway was then bombed and destroyed by the Sri Lanka Air Force. In late 2003, during the Norwegian facilitated ceasefire, the LTTE started clearing land at another site, east of Iranamadu Tank. Within a year the LTTE had built a runway. The air force bombed the airstrip several times, indulging in June 2006 after the Kebithigollewa massacre. The airstrip was the launchpad for a number of Air Tigers attacks including the raid on Anuradhapura Air Force Base in October 2007. The Sri Lankan military captured the airstrip on 15 January 2009.
A Sri Lanka Air Force detachment moved onto the site on 21 June 2009. The airstrip became an air station on 3 August 2011. The airstrip was reconstructed in 2011 and opened for light aircraft. The airstrip was then converted into an airport with a runway capable of handling the air force's Lockheed C-130 Hercules and Antonov An-32 aircraft. The new airport was officially opened by President Mahinda Rajapaksa, becoming the country's 16th domestic airport.

</doc>
<doc id="36581216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581216" title="Cadiz Railroad">
Cadiz Railroad

The Cadiz Railroad was a shortline railroad originating in Cadiz, Kentucky. Incorporated in 1901, it ran to a connection with the Illinois Central Railroad at Gracey, Kentucky, a distance of ten miles. The line started service in 1902. In 1984, it obtained an additional 18 miles with the purchase of the Illinois Central line from Gracey to Princeton, Kentucky.
Locomotives in the later years were two Alco S1 660 Horsepower, Nos. 8 and 9, and Alco S3 660 HP No. 10. Loco No. 8 had its engine removed and is being used today as a display on the old roadbed at Cadiz.
The railroad hauled lumber, furniture, farm chemicals, and scrap, but was originally built to haul tobacco to market.
The line was abandoned in 1985 and its rails were removed.

</doc>
<doc id="36581235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581235" title="Publication history of Anarky">
Publication history of Anarky

The publication history of Anarky, a fictional character appearing in books published by DC Comics, spans various story arcs and comic book series. Co-created by Alan Grant and Norm Breyfogle, he first appeared in "Detective Comics" No.608 (November 1989), as an adversary of Batman. Introduced as Lonnie Machin, a child prodigy with knowledge of radical philosophy and driven to overthrow governments to improve social conditions, stories revolving around Anarky often focus on political and philosophical themes. The character, who is named after the philosophy of anarchism, primarily espouses anti-statism. Multiple social issues have been addressed whenever the character has appeared in print, including environmentalism, antimilitarism, economic exploitation, and political corruption. Inspired by multiple sources, early stories featuring the character often included homages to political and philosophical books, and referenced anarchist philosophers and theorists. The inspiration for the creation of the character and its early development was based in Grant's personal interest in anti-authoritarian philosophy and politics. However, when Grant himself transitioned to the philosophy of Neo-Tech, he shifted the focus of Anarky from a vehicle for socialist and populist philosophy, to rationalist, atheist, and free market-based thought.
Originally intended to only be used in the debut story in which he appeared, Grant decided to continue using Anarky as a sporadically recurring character throughout the early 1990s, following positive reception by readers and Dennis O'Neil. The character experienced a brief surge in media exposure during the late 1990s, beginning when Norm Breyfogle convinced Grant to produce a limited series based on the character. The 1997 spin-off series, "Anarky", was received with positive reviews and sales, and later declared by Grant to be among his "career highlights". "", a trade paperback collection of stories featuring the character, soon followed. This popular acclaim culminated, however, in a financially and critically unsuccessful ongoing solo series. The 1999 "Anarky" series, in which even Grant has expressed his distaste, was quickly canceled after eight issues, but not before sparking a minor controversy by suggesting Anarky was the biological son of the Joker.
Following the cancellation of the "Anarky" series, and Grant's departure from DC Comics, Anarky experienced a prolonged period of absence from DC publications, despite professional and fan interest in his return. This period of obscurity lasted approximately ten years, with three brief interruptions for minor cameo appearances in 2000, 2001, and 2005. In 2008, Anarky reappeared in an issue of "Robin" authored by Fabian Nicieza, with the intention of ending this period of obscurity. The storyline drastically altered the character's presentation, prompting a series of responses by Nicieza. Anarky became a recurring character in issues of "Red Robin", authored by Nicieza, which was cancelled in 2011.
In 2013 a revamped version of Anarky was debuted as the primary antagonist for "Beware the Batman", a Batman animated series produced by Warner Bros. Animation. Later that year, the character made his video game debut in "", as an anti-villain who attempts to ally with Batman against corruption in Gotham City, while threatening government and corporate institutions with destruction.
Publication history.
1989–96: Creation and early depictions.
Originally inspired by his personal political leanings, Alan Grant entertained the idea of interjecting anarchist philosophy into Batman comic books. In an attempt to emulate the success of Chopper, a rebellious youth in Judge Dredd, he conceptualized a character as a twelve-year-old anarchist vigilante, who readers would sympathize with despite the character's harsh methods. Creating the character without any consultation from his partner, illustrator Norm Breyfogle, Extra components of the game that utilized the character included a series of invisible "Anarky tags" hidden throughout the over world map, which upon discovery would provide an essay explaining his critique of social problems; and a pirate radio station, "Liberation Radio", which the player could listen to as Anarky summarized the history of the 1919 United States anarchist bombings. The actual side mission involved a race against a countdown timer, as the player guided Batman across the city skyline from a starting point to reach the destination. Upon arrival, the player must defeat guards protecting a bomb and then deactivate it before detonation, which commentators compared to a similar side mission in "" which involved Victor Zsasz.
Though familiar with the "Moneyspider" period the character had experienced in the pages of "Red Robin", Holmes explained that the developers had primarily drawn upon the earliest stories for Anarky by Alan Grant and Norm Breyfogle in "Detective Comics". In response to a comment from an interviewer on the contemporary popularity of anarchism, Holmes acknowledged it as a factor in the choice to include the character in the game, and to update his appearance to that of a street protester with a gang resembling a social movement. He also noted the character's resemblance to the masked protesters of Anonymous. According to Holmes, Anarky's relevance to contemporary protest movements was the key element that made Anarky stand out among the characters of the game. "In the real world, this is Anarky's moment. Right now. Today." Holmes also warned players unfamiliar with Anarky against investigating the character through published material online, as he felt it would potentially spoil surprises the game held.
2013: Post-New 52.
While Anarky was "rising in profile in other media" by mid 2013, the character had yet to be reintroduced to the status quo of the post-New 52 DC Universe. and the ongoing series, "Anarky" vol. 2. After the cancellation of the ongoing series, Anarky lapsed into obscurity lasting nearly ten years. This ambiguous condition was not complete, as Anarky was sporadically used during this time. These appearances include marginal cameos in issues of "Young Justice", "Wonder Woman", and "Green Arrow".
Anarky made a controversial appearance in a 2008 issue of "Robin" as part of an effort to return the character to regular publication, and became a recurring cast member in the "Red Robin" series in November 2010, until the series was cancelled in October 2011.
Other media.
Lesser known among the cast of characters in the DC universe, Anarky went unused for adaptations to other media platforms throughout much of the character's existence. However, in 2012 the character was chosen to act as the main antagonist in "Beware the Batman". Anarky debuted in "Tests", the third episode of the first season, which aired on July 27, 2013.
In 2013, Anarky was included as a villain in the Batman video game, "Batman: Arkham Origins", and "". Speculation centered on the prospect of Anarky appearing in issue No.48 of the series, as the solicited cover illustration was released to the public several weeks before the issues' publication. On the cover, the circle-A could be seen as a minor element in the background. In a review for "Week 48", "Major Spoilers" considered the absence of Anarky a drawback: "It's too bad we didn't see the return of Anarky as hinted by this week's cover" Pop culture critic, Douglas Wolk, wrote, "I guess this issue's cover is the closest we're going to get to Anarky after all (and by proxy as close as we're going to get to the Haunted Tank). Too bad."
. In warning readers to avoid spoiling potential surprises for their experience in playing "", Eric Holmes specifically referenced the Wikipedia article on the character as a resource to avoid. "You know what? If you want to enjoy the game, don't bother reading up on him, because there are a few surprises about him which will turn up in the game, and if you go read Wikipedia or something like that, it'll rob you a little bit on some of the stuff in the game, because there are some surprises about Anarky."

</doc>
<doc id="36581252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581252" title="Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman middleweight">
Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman middleweight

The men's Greco-Roman middleweight was a Greco-Roman wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event. Middleweight was the third-heaviest category, including wrestlers weighing 67 to 75 kilograms.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski
The tournament was double-elimination.
Sixth round.
After this round, the undefeated Lindfors and Westerlund and the one-loss Steinberg were left. Lindfors and Westerlund advanced to the seventh round to face each other for gold, while Steinberg received the bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36581267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581267" title="Pointe des Châteaux (Guadeloupe)">
Pointe des Châteaux (Guadeloupe)

La Pointe des Châteaux (en: "Castles headland") is a peninsula that extends into the Atlantic Ocean from the Eastern coast of the island of Grande-Terre, in Guadeloupe. 11 km East from Saint-François (the commune it is administratively attached to), it overlooks the island of La Désirade (a dependency of Guadeloupe), eructing only 8 km away into the Atlantic. 
Made of distinctive rock formations and a large littoral strip, La Pointe des Châteaux hosts rare fauna and flora species, some of which being indigenous to the site. 
A dramatic place of crashing waves and strong winds, La Pointe des Châteaux stands as a popular tourist destination, attracting an average of visitors every year.
__NOTOC__
La Plage des Grandes Salines.
Northwest to the Pointe des Châteaux's clifftop, lies the long but dangerous beach of les Grandes Salines : a popular spot for kite flying, thanks to its strong and steady trade winds. Sea conditions off the beach tending to be rough most of the time and the bottom dropping away relatively quickly, Grandes Salines is not suited for relaxed swimming, but remains sought-after for more extreme water sports and bay watchers.

</doc>
<doc id="36581270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581270" title="2011–12 DePaul Blue Demons men's basketball team">
2011–12 DePaul Blue Demons men's basketball team

The 2011–12 DePaul Blue Demons men's basketball team represents DePaul University in the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. DePaul is coached by Oliver Purnell and play their home games at the Allstate Arena in Chicago, IL. The Blue Demons are members of the Big East Conference.
Preseason.
On October 19, 2011, at Big East Media Day, DePaul was ranked last in the Big East Preseason Coaches' Poll, receiving 27 points.

</doc>
<doc id="36581303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581303" title="Lakshmi Narayan Temple, Agartala">
Lakshmi Narayan Temple, Agartala

A temple dedicated to the Hindu God Lakshminarayan located in the Ujjayanta Palace ground in the city of Agartala, Tripura state, India. The temple was constructed by the King of Tripura, Birendra Kishore Manikya (r. 1909-1923), a century ago 

</doc>
<doc id="36581310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581310" title="Davis Creek Dam">
Davis Creek Dam

Davis Creek Dam (National ID # NE82901) is a dam located at the county line between Greeley County and Valley County, in the middle part of the state of Nebraska.
The earthen dam was constructed in 1919 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation with a height of 153 feet and 2900 feet long at its crest. It impounds Davis Creek for flood control, part of the North Loup Division of the Bureau's extensive Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program. The dam is owned by the Bureau and is operated by the local Twin Loups Irrigation District.
The reservoir it creates, Davis Creek Reservoir, has a water surface of 1,145 acres and has a capacity of 44,918 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing (for largemouth bass, walleye, crappie, yellow perch, etc.), hunting, boating, camping and hiking. The northern shore borders the Davis Creek State Wildlife Recreational Area.

</doc>
<doc id="36581320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581320" title="Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar">
Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar

The Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar, SECAM, or French : Symposium des Conférences Épiscopales d'Afrique et de Madagascar) is an agency of the Catholic Church which includes the bishops of Africa and Madagascar.
History.
The SECAM-born, on the occasion of the Second Vatican Council, the will of the African bishops to speak and act together, overcoming the language difference, historical and cultural. The project, submitted to the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples, was approved in 1968. The Symposium was convened for the first time during the visit of Pope Paul VI to Uganda in 1969.
Organization.
The SECAM-consists of:
a presidential council
a General Secretariat
committees: the Committee on doctrinal and pastoral, social and legal committee, the Committee on Finance and Administration, the Committee for African Affairs, the union of African collaboration.
Presidents.
1969 - Laurean Rugambwa
1969-1978 - Paul Zoungrana
1978-1981 - Hyacinthe Thiandoum
1981-1984 - Paul Zoungrana
1984-1987 - Joseph-Albert Malula
1987-1990 - Gabriel Gonsum Ganaka
1991-1994 - Christian Wiyghan Tumi
1994-1997 - Gabriel Gonsum Ganaka
1997-2003 - Laurent Monsengwo Pasinya
2003-2007 - John Olorunfemi Onaiyekan
2007- ... - Polycarp Pengo
Members of the SECAM.
The regional episcopal conferences:
Association of Episcopal Conferences of Central Africa (Association des Conférences Episcopal de l'Afrique Centrale, ACEAC)
Association of Episcopal Conferences of Central Africa Region (Association des Conférences Episcopal de la Région de l'Afrique Central, ACERAC)
Association of Episcopal Conferences of Anglophone West Africa (Association of Episcopal Conferences of Anglophone West Africa, AECAWA)
Members of the Association of Episcopal Conferences of Eastern Africa (Association of Member Episcopal Conferences in Eastern Africa, AMECEA)
Regional Episcopal Conference of West African francophone (Episcopal Conférence Régionale de l'Afrique de l'Ouest Francophone, CERAO)
Interregional Meeting of Bishops of Southern Africa (Inter-Regional Meeting of Bishops of Southern Africa, IMBISA)
The inter-regional or national conferences of bishops:
Regional Bishops' Conference of North Africa (Regional Episcopal Conference de l'Afrique du Nord, CERNA)
Conference of Catholic Bishops of Southern Africa (Southern African Catholic Bishops' Conference, "SACBC)
Episcopal Conference of Angola and São Tomé (Conferencia Episcopal de Angola and São Tomé, CEAST)
Episcopal Conference of Burkina-Niger (Episcopal Conférence du Burkina and Niger);
Conference of Catholic Bishops of Burundi (Conférence des Bishop's catholiques du Burundi, CECA.B.)
National Episcopal Conference of Cameroon (Episcopal Conférence Nationale du Cameroun, CENC):
Central Conference of Bishops (Episcopal Conference Centrafricaine, CZECH)
Episcopal Conference of Chad, (Episcopal Conference du Tchad)
Episcopal Conference of Congo (Episcopal Conférence du Congo)
Episcopal Conference of Zaire (Episcopal Conférence du Zaire, CEZ)
Episcopal Conference of Côte d'Ivoire (Episcopal Conference of Côte d'Ivoire)
Episcopal Conference of Equatorial Guinea (Guinea Ecuatorial de Episcopal Conference)
Episcopal Conference of Ethiopia (South African Episcopal Conference)
Episcopal Conference of Gabon (Episcopal Conférence du Gabon)
Inter-territorial Conference of Catholic Bishops of Gambia and Sierra Leone (Inter-Territorial Catholic Bishops' Conference of The Gambia and Sierra Leone, ITCABIC)
Conference of Bishops of Ghana (Ghana Bishops' Conference)
Episcopal Conference of Guinea (Episcopal Conference de la Guinée)
Episcopal Conference of Kenya (Kenya Episcopal Conference, KEC)
Conference of Catholic Bishops of Lesotho (Lesotho Catholic Bishops' Conference)
Episcopal Conference of Madagascar (Episcopal Conference of Madagascar)
Episcopal Conference of Malawi (Episcopal Conference of Malawi)
Episcopal Conference of Mali (Episcopal Conférence du Mali)
Episcopal Conference of Mozambique (Conferencia Episcopal de Moçambique, CEM)
Namibian Catholic Bishops' Conference (Namibian Catholic Bishops' Conference, NCBC)
Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria (Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria)
Conference of Catholic Bishops of Rwanda (Episcopal Conférence du Rwanda, C.Ep.R.)
Conference of Bishops of Senegal, Mauritania, Cape Verde, and Guinea Bissau (Conférence des Bishop's du Sénégal, de la Mauritanie, du Cap-Vert et de Guinée-Bissau)
Conference of Catholic Bishops of Sudan (Sudan Catholic Bishops' Conference, SCBC)
Episcopal Conference of Tanzania (Tanzania Episcopal Conference, TEC)
Episcopal Conference of Togo (Episcopal Conférence du Togo)
Episcopal Conference of Uganda (Uganda Episcopal Conference, UEC)
Episcopal Conference of Zambia (Zambia Episcopal Conference)
Conference of Catholic Bishops of Zimbabwe (Zimbabwe Catholic Bishops' Conference, ZCBC)
Episcopal Conference of the Indian Ocean (Conférence de l'Ocean Indien Episcopal, CEDOI)

</doc>
<doc id="36581328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581328" title="Argo Island">
Argo Island

Argo Island (also: "Island of Arkô" and "Jezira Argo") is an island of the Nile in Sudan. The island contains a town of the same name and the Nubian archaeology site of Tabo.

</doc>
<doc id="36581330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581330" title="Duet!">
Duet!

Duet! is an album by pianists Earl Hines and Jaki Byard recorded in 1972 and released on the German MPS label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars with a review stating, "most successful... because of the common ground they shared".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Jaki Byard except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36581337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581337" title="London Film Critics Circle Awards 1990">
London Film Critics Circle Awards 1990

11th London Film Critics Circle Awards<br>
1991
<br>
Film of the Year: <br>
The 11th London Film Critics Circle Awards, honouring the best in film for 1990, were announced by the London Film Critics Circle in 1991.
Winners.
Film of the Year
Foreign Language Film of the Year
Director of the Year
Screenwriter of the Year
Actor of the Year
Special Achievement Award

</doc>
<doc id="36581345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581345" title="Francesco Pavona">
Francesco Pavona

Francesco Pavona (c. 1695, Udine - c. 1777 Venice) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. He was peripatetic, and became best known throughout Europe for pastel portraits, similar in style to Rosalba Carriera.
Pavona first studied in Udine with the pastel painter Carneo, then moved to Bologna to work with Giovanni Gioseffo dal Sole, and afterwards studied at Milan, and thence proceeded to Genoa; next Spain, Portugal, and Germany. He married and kept a family at Dresden, where he painted for the court. He returned to Bologna, but left in the course of a few years for Venice, where he was one of the founding professors of the Accademia di Belle Arti of Venice. He died shortly afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="36581348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581348" title="The First Family (TV series)">
The First Family (TV series)

The First Family is an American sitcom that debuted in first-run syndication in the United States on September 22, 2012. Created by Byron Allen and produced by Allen's production company Entertainment Studios, the series (along with "Mr. Box Office", which debuted the same weekend and is also produced by Entertainment Studios) is the first situation comedy to air in first-run syndication since the 2000 cancellation of "Malibu, CA".
Premiere.
The series centers on William Johnson (Christopher B. Duncan), a Democrat who attempts to balance his family life with his wife Katherine (Kellita Smith) and their two sons and two daughters as they adjust to living in the White House, while maintaining his duties as the second African-American and 45th overall President of the United States. William, in turn, also has to deal with other family members, including his father Alvin (John Witherspoon) and his boisterous sister-in-law Pauletta (Jackée Harry), who despite their constant bickering will sometimes partner up for various schemes.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Production.
"The First Family" is primarily syndicated to stations affiliated with The CW and MyNetworkTV and to independent stations for broadcast in weekend primetime timeslots. The series will produce a total of 104 episodes, borrowing a similarly-formatted episode order as several sitcoms produced and distributed by Debmar-Mercury, such as "Tyler Perry's House of Payne" and "Anger Management" (though the aforementioned Debmar-Mercury produced programs operated under a syndication model where the programs were sold to cable networks with an initial ten-episode order, and obtained an additional order of at least 90 episodes if the series was successful). The series, which was sold as part of a two-hour comedy block with "Mr. Box Office", was initially picked up by stations owned by Tribune Broadcasting, Weigel Broadcasting and CBS Television Stations; by May 2012, the program had been sold to stations in markets covering approximately 85% of the United States. Production of the show has been put on hold due to creator Byron Allen's financial troubles.
Although the series centers around an African-American president and his family, show creator and executive producer Byron Allen denies that current U.S. president Barack Obama and his family served as the basis for the Johnson family in the series, noting major differences between the show's fictional Johnson family and the real-life Obama family: the William Johnson character is written as being the 45th president (in real life, Barack Obama is chronologically the 44th President of the United States), the Johnsons moved to Washington from Detroit (the Obama family resided in Chicago prior to the presidency), the family in the series has four children (two male and two female, whereas Barack and Michelle Obama have only two children, both female) and that the family's dog is a Golden Retriever (as opposed to a Portuguese Water Dog).
Syndication.
On April 4, 2013, Centric acquired the cable syndication rights to all past and future episodes of "The First Family", along with "Mr. Box Office", with both series expected to being airing on the channel starting April 19, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36581355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581355" title="Hypermultiplet">
Hypermultiplet

In mathematics, a hypermultiplet is a type of representation of an extended supersymmetry algebra, in particular the matter multiplet of "N"=2 supersymmetry in 4 dimensions, containing two complex scalars "A""i", a Dirac spinor ψ, and two further auxiliary complex scalars "F""i".
The name "hypermultiplet" comes from old term "hypersymmetry" for "N"=2 supersymmetry used by ; this term has been abandoned, but the name "hypermultiplet" for some of its representations is still used.

</doc>
<doc id="36581378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581378" title="Elena Beloff">
Elena Beloff

Elena Beloff is Russian-born American film-maker. Her first films screened at the Astoria/Long Island Film Festival in October 2010. "Zaritsas" was produced by actor Vincent D'Onofrio. Since then Beloff has formed her own production company EB Productions, LLC. Beloff's films tend to explore the concepts of stereotypes and misconceptions.
Elena Beloff is currently working on a book and a film on hypnosis. According to a profile in Altvariety, Beloff is also a Certified Hypnotist and has her own private practice in New York City. She hosted a Manhattan Public Access Television show and a ustream program with guest co-host Tony Sokol.

</doc>
<doc id="36581388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581388" title="Currant Creek Dam">
Currant Creek Dam

Currant Creek Dam (National ID # UT10149) is a dam in Wasatch County, Utah.
The earthen dam was constructed in 1974–1975 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation to a height of and a length of at its crest. It impounds Currant Creek for flood control and irrigation, part of the Bonneville Unit of the larger Central Utah Project. The dam is owned by the Bureau and is operated by the local Central Utah Water Conservancy District.
The reservoir it creates, Currant Creek Reservoir, has a water surface of and has a capacity of . The reservoir shoreline is 85% owned by the Uinta National Forest. Recreation includes fishing (for rainbow, cutthroat, and brook trout, etc.), boating, camping, and hiking.

</doc>
<doc id="36581390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581390" title="Hazard Pay">
Hazard Pay

"Hazard Pay" is the third episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series "Breaking Bad", and the 49th overall episode of the series. Written by Peter Gould and directed by Adam Bernstein, it originally aired on AMC in the United States on July 29, 2012.
Plot.
Mike (Jonathan Banks) and his attorney Dan (Chris Freihofer) spend an entire day visiting his former subordinates in jail. Although the RICO Act has taken all of their money, Mike instructs them not to divulge anything to the DEA, explaining that they will still get their "hazard pay" due to his new partnership with Walt (Bryan Cranston). Meanwhile, Walt has moved himself back into the house, to Skyler's (Anna Gunn) silent horror.
Mike meets with Walt, Jesse (Aaron Paul), and Saul (Bob Odenkirk), where he declares that he will handle the business end of their operation while Walt and Jesse remain cooks. Walt agrees, but still asserts himself as the leader. Saul shows them numerous potential locations for a meth lab, but none are good enough for the trio. While visiting the location of a pest control company known as Vamonos Pest, Walt notices a fumigation tent folded and stacked on a cart. Walt decides they will establish a mobile lab, never cooking in the same place twice. He explains that no one looks twice at a tented house, and even if the strange smell of a meth cook is emitted, no one would investigate or enter the tent. Saul contacts the pest control team of Vamonos Pest that moonlight as burglars, who allow Walt and Jesse entrance into the houses they are working on. Junkyard owner Old Joe (Larry Hankin) supplies much of the equipment while Badger (Matt L. Jones) and Skinny Pete (Charles Baker) purchase large music equipment cases to smuggle the lab from one site to another.
Jesse and his girlfriend Andrea (Emily Rios) invite Walter to dinner, where Walter feels guilt upon seeing Andrea's son Brock, whom he secretly poisoned. Meanwhile, while discussing Walter's upcoming 51st birthday with Marie (Betsy Brandt) at the car wash, Skyler begins to light a cigarette. As Marie begins to confront her about the harm of smoking, Skyler screams "shut up" repeatedly and suffers a nervous breakdown. The first cook at the mobile site is a success, and afterwards, Walter feigns enthusiasm for Jesse's relationship with Andrea, but hints that Jesse should break up with her after mentioning the problems it would cause if she discovered his secret life.
Marie confronts Walter at home about Skyler's breakdown and demands to know the truth. Walter tells her about Skyler's affair with Ted Beneke (Christopher Cousins) and that her breakdown was due to stress over Ted's recent accident. After Marie leaves, Walter decides not to attend to Skyler. When she emerges from the bedroom hours later, she finds Walter, Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte), and Holly watching the final scene of "Scarface", which further frightens her.
Mike allocates the money earned from the first cook, but Walter becomes angry when so much of it is given to dealers, mules, Saul, and Vamonos Pest. Walter becomes further enraged when he learns of the hazard pay to Mike's old henchmen but eventually relents. Walt deduces that the final amount taken home by the partners was less than what he was making when he was working for Gus. Jesse, who reveals that he broke off the relationship with Andrea, tells Walt that he was "looking at it wrong." Jesse explains to Walt that under Gus, they were employees, but as owners they were actually making more considering the volume of the output. Walt, however, hints that they may need to get rid of some of the other members of the team.
Reception.
Ratings.
The episode was watched by approximately 2.20 million American viewers in its original broadcast, a slight drop from the previous episode.
Critical reception.
The episode received positive reviews. Allison Keene of Collider.com was originally going to rate the episode with a C, but gave it a B for the "Skinny Pete scene and the cook montage", adding: "Introducing Skinny Pete in "Hazard Pay" with him artfully and flawlessly dancing through a piano melody on a keyboard in the music store was funny, but also deeply sad." She added about the cook: "Every season Walt and Jesse seem to find some foolproof place to cook in peace, and I always get a weird sense of calm. The RV, the lab, and now a mobile meth lab in bug-bombed houses. It's a stroke of genius, and one that can nearly be 'ripped from the headlines'." "Entertainment Weekly"s Ken Tucker called "Hazard Pay" "a marvelous episode, full of problem-solving and execution, along with a few wild-card emotional moments." Tucker particularly liked Mike's money-division scene at the end of the episode, calling it "a beautifully simple lesson in economics, laid out clearly for both Walter and Jesse, and for us."

</doc>
<doc id="36581399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581399" title="Fifty-One">
Fifty-One

"Fifty-One" is the fourth episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series "Breaking Bad", and the 50th overall episode of the series. Written by Sam Catlin and directed by Rian Johnson, it originally aired on AMC in the United States on August 5, 2012.
Plot.
Walter (Bryan Cranston) and Walter Jr. (RJ Mitte) retrieve Walt's Pontiac Aztek from an auto repair shop. The mechanic (John Ashton) believes the car will last a long time, but when Walt puts on the hat he dons for his Heisenberg persona, his pride takes over: Walt sells the Aztek to the mechanic for $50, leases a new Chrysler 300 SRT8 and later leases a new Dodge Challenger SRT8 for Walt Jr.
At Madrigal's Houston branch, Lydia (Laura Fraser) receives a call from Mike (Jonathan Banks), who warns her that the police are about to arrive. She escorts Hank (Dean Norris), Gomez (Steven Michael Quezada), and other officers to the Madrigal warehouse and points out foreman Ron (Russ Dillen), who was supplying her with methylamine. Mike reassures Lydia that Ron will not talk, adding that she will have a new guy in the warehouse soon. Walter presents Skyler (Anna Gunn) with a stack of newly-earned drug money, saying they have to recoup the lost $600,000. After her suggestion of sending the kids to boarding school is struck down by Walter, he mentions that she should throw him a party for his 51st birthday.
The next day, SAC Ramey (Todd Terry) offers Hank the position of ASAC vacated by Merkert. Hank accepts, even though his pursuit of Heisenberg will be given to a field agent. That evening, the Whites and the Schraders finish a meager birthday dinner in the backyard — a noticeable shift from the well-attended surprise party one year before, which annoys the ever-prideful Walt. After Walt Jr. leaves, Walt notes that it has been a year since his cancer diagnosis. As he reflects, a fully clothed Skyler steps into the pool and slowly submerges herself. Marie panics while Walt jumps in to pull her out.
At the Madrigal warehouse, Lydia leads Jesse (Aaron Paul) to a barrel of methylamine. As Jesse lowers the barrel with a forklift, Lydia points her flashlight at a GPS tracker affixed to the bottom of the barrel, forcing them to leave empty-handed. Back at the house, Walt learns that Skyler has asked Marie and Hank to look after the kids until her issues with Walt are resolved. Walt tentatively agrees though he considers it a temporary arrangement. Skyler insists that she will not have her children living in a house where dangerous events that occur are just shrugged off. She threatens to fake spousal abuse if Walt brings the kids back home, but he belittles her plans as unworkable. Breaking down and realizing there is no way out of her situation (informing the police about Walt would ruin her children's lives and Hank's career), she relents to his arguments but not without admitting to him that her only option is to hope that Walt's cancer will come back and kill him.
The next day at Vamonos Pest, Mike is skeptical that the GPS tracker was planted by the DEA because of its crude placement on the bottom of the barrel. When informed by Jesse that it was Lydia who spotted it first, Mike concludes that Lydia planted it herself in order to get out of the deal she made with him. He vows to kill her although it will slow down business. Jesse pleads for Mike to show mercy and asks for Walt's opinion. Walt votes to keep her alive so no time is lost finding a new precursor supplier. Jesse later gives Walt a TAG Heuer Monaco wristwatch as a birthday present, which pleases Walt.
At home, Walt informs a chain-smoking Skyler that more money is coming. He shows off Jesse's gift as proof that Skyler will eventually accept him, as "the person who gave me this present wanted me dead, too. He changed his mind about me, Skyler, and so will you." Walter goes to bed with time on the watch ticking away.
Production.
Dean Norris (Hank Schrader) spoke about the "tense" family dinner scene: "Those are some of my favorites because we all get together, and they've kind of become a signature thing on the show. I work with the DEA guys all the time, who I love, but from a personal side it's nice to hang out with the rest of the gang. Those scenes are going to be even more interesting if Hank ever knows something about Walt that Walt doesn't know he knows, because for the entire series Walt's had this secret that everybody in the audience knows and Hank is the one guy that doesn't know it."
Reception.
Ratings.
"Fifty-One" was watched by approximately 2.29 million American viewers in its original broadcast, matching the second episode's numbers.
Critical reception.
The episode received critical praise with many critics singling out Anna Gunn's and Bryan Cranston's performances. Luke Gelineau of "TV Equals" called "Fifty-One" the "best episode of the season thus far", adding "I think the first three episodes were all quite good, but I honestly can't think of any other episode in this show that focused so heavily on the characters of Walter and Skyler White." "The Baltimore Sun"s Wesley Case called Skyler's pool scene "unnerving" and "heart-wrenchingly sad", adding ""Breaking Bad" is a show built around action — big explosions, shoot-outs, throat-cutting murders, and other vivid portraits of the messy drug-dealing business. Besides Jesse's breakdowns, we rarely we see the exisential ["sic"] crises all of these characters must be dealing with at all times."
Awards and nominations.
For his direction of this episode, Rian Johnson won the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Drama Series. Anna Gunn won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series for her performance in this episode at the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="36581404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581404" title="SMU Mustangs football under Ray Morrison">
SMU Mustangs football under Ray Morrison

Ray Morrison was the coach of the Southern Methodist University's football team from 1915 to 1916 and again from 1922 to 1934. He compiled an 84–44–23 record, and was succeeded by J. Burton Rix after his first stint and Matty Bell after his second. In 1922 and 1923 he served as co-head coach with Ewing Y. Freeland
1926 Season.
1926-Southern Methodist (SWC) (Ownby Stadium)
09/24/26 SMU vs NORTH TEXAS W 42 0
10/02/26 SMU vs TRINITY (Texas) W 48 0
10/08/26 SMU vs CENTENARY W 37 0
10/16/26 SMU @ Missouri (5-1-2) T 7 7
10/23/26 SMU vs *TEXAS A&M (5-3-1) W 9 7
10/30/26 SMU @ *Texas (5-4) W 21 17
11/06/26 SMU vs *RICE (4-4-1) W 20 0
11/13/26 SMU vs *BAYLOR (6-3-1) W 31 3
11/25/26 SMU vs *TCU (6-1-2) W 14 13
Coach: Ray Morrison Season Record Â» 8-0-1 229 47
1927 Season.
1927-Southern Methodist (SWC) (Ownby Stadium)
09/24/27 SMU vs NORTH TEXAS W 68 0
10/01/27 SMU vs HOWARD PAYNE W 32 0
10/08/27 SMU @ Centenary L 12 21
10/14/27 SMU vs *RICE (2-6-1) W 34 6
10/22/27 SMU vs MISSOURI (7-2) W 32 9
10/29/27 SMU vs *TEXAS (6-2-1) W 14 0
11/05/27 SMU vs *TEXAS A&M (8-0-1) L 13 39
11/12/27 SMU vs *BAYLOR (2-7) W 34 0
11/19/27 SMU @ *Tcu (4-3-2) W 28 6
Coach: Ray Morrison Season Record Â» 7-2 267 81
1928 Season.
1928-Southern Methodist (SWC) (Ownby Stadium)
09/22/28 vs NORTH TEXAS W 60 6 
09/29/28 vs HOWARD PAYNE W 31 0 
10/06/28 @ Army (8-2) L 13 14 
10/13/28 vs HARDEN-SIMMONS W 6 0 @ Wichita Falls, TX
10/20/28 vs *RICE (2-7) W 53 13 
10/27/28 vs TRINITY (Texas) W 60 7 
11/03/28 @ *Texas (7-2) W 6 2 
11/10/28 vs *TEXAS A&M (5-4-1) T 19 19 
11/17/28 @ *Baylor (8-2) L 0 2 
11/24/28 vs *TCU (8-2) L 6 15 
Coach: Ray Morrison Season Record Â» 6-3-1 254 78

</doc>
<doc id="36581409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581409" title="Buyout (Breaking Bad)">
Buyout (Breaking Bad)

"Buyout" is the sixth episode of the fifth season of the American television drama series "Breaking Bad", and the 52nd overall episode of the series. Written by Gennifer Hutchison and directed by Colin Bucksey, it originally aired on AMC in the United States on August 19, 2012.
Plot.
Upon returning from the train heist, Walt (Bryan Cranston), Mike (Jonathan Banks), and Todd (Jesse Plemons) dismantle the dirt bike belonging to the boy that Todd killed, dissolving the pieces in barrels filled with hydrofluoric acid. They prepare another barrel for the boy. While Todd and Jesse (Aaron Paul) are smoking outside, Todd glibly dismisses the tragedy, leading an incensed Jesse to punch him. After a heated debate, Walt, Jesse, and Mike agree to keep Todd alive and on the payroll with Vamonos Pest, in order to monitor him.
While visiting a park with his granddaughter Kaylee (Kaija Roze Bales), Mike detects a DEA stakeout and taunts them by faking a dead drop and leaving a vulgar message placed under a garbage can. Mike, under pressure from the increased DEA surveillance, and Jesse, still shaken over the recent death, decide to leave the operation and sell their shares of the heisted methylamine to Declan (Louis Ferreira), a Phoenix-based competitor, for $5 million apiece. However, Declan insists on buying the entire lot — including Walt's share — in an effort to remove the blue meth (their biggest competitor) from the market. 
Elsewhere, while visiting Holly, a tearful Skyler (Anna Gunn) is tempted to confess to her sister Marie (Betsy Brandt), who discloses her knowledge of Skyler's affair with Ted Beneke and believes that to be the reason for her mental anguish. 
Jesse comes to Walt's house to discreetly discuss the deal offered by Declan. Walt rejects the sale, reasoning that the methylamine is worth $300 million when cooked, and correlating his buyout from Gray Matter Technologies for only $5,000 when the company is now worth well over $2 billion. He feels that they could make much more money by staying in the meth business and empire building. Skyler arrives home and Walt insists that Jesse stay for dinner, which leads to an awkward meal. When a contemptuous Skyler asks Jesse if Walt told him about her affair, and then leaves the table, Walt tells Jesse about his broken family life and says that the "business" is all he has left, guilting Jesse into remaining in business with him.
Walt tries to hide the methylamine, but Mike anticipates the move, tying Walt up in the Vamonos Pest offices. Mike and Saul (Bob Odenkirk) meet with Hank (Dean Norris) and Gomez (Steven Michael Quezada) at the DEA to advise them Mike has obtained a restraining order preventing their continued surveillance of him. Meanwhile, Walt breaks from the plastic restraint and hides the methylamine before Mike comes back. When Mike arrives, he instantly notices the methylamine is missing and is about to shoot Walt, placing the gun to his head, but Jesse interrupts and says Walt has a plan to get all three of them their money, while still letting Walt keep the methylamine. Mike asks Walt if what Jesse says is true. Walt replies, "Everybody wins".
Reception.
Ratings.
"Buyout" was watched by 2.81 million viewers and received a 1.3 rating among viewers aged 18–49.
Critical reception.
"Buyout" received positive reviews. Donna Bowman of "The A.V. Club" gave it an A rating and called it a "standout episode" for how it "shows Walter offering up two sides of the truth of his life." IGN's Seth Amitin rated the episode 8.5 out of 10, adding that he "lovethat this show still deals with the emotional impact of [the characters' own messes." However, Sean T. Collins of "Rolling Stone" felt the episode "stumbled" when it came to "compelling drama in which everyone involved acts in character and within the bounds of recognizable, reasonable human behavior." HitFix's Alan Sepinwall thought "Buyout" was "a bit more muddled" when compared to the previous episodes, adding, "There are incredible individual components — the pre-credits sequence, Walt's improvised blowtorch, even another awkward meal at the White house — but they didn't entirely work together."
Aaron Paul was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for his performance in this episode.

</doc>
<doc id="36581414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581414" title="Amoako">
Amoako

Amoako is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36581416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581416" title="Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman light heavyweight">
Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman light heavyweight

The men's Greco-Roman light heavyweight was a Greco-Roman wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the fourth appearance of the event. Light heavyweight was the second-heaviest category, including wrestlers weighing 67 to 75 kilograms.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski
The tournament was double-elimination.
Sixth round.
After this round, the undefeated Svensson and Westergren and the one-loss Pellinen were left. Svensson and Westergren advanced to the seventh round to face each other for gold, while Pellinen received the bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36581417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581417" title="John Couriel">
John Couriel

John Daniel Couriel (born March 23, 1978, in Miami, FL) was the 2012 Republican nominee for Florida State Senate District 35. The district runs along the coast of Miami-Dade County from Golden Beach to Homestead. It includes portions of Miami, Miami Beach, Key Biscayne, Coral Gables, Pinecrest, Coconut Grove, South Miami, Miami Shores, Aventura, Sunny Isles, and other South Florida neighborhoods.
Early life and education.
Couriel's parents emigrated from Cuba in 1961. His father, John Louis Couriel, arrived as part of Operation Pedro Pan, a humanitarian effort that ultimately led to the evacuation of 14,000 children from Cuba. His mother, Maria Victoria Urtiaga, emigrated with her family. The two met as teenagers in Miami-Dade County in the late 1960s and married in 1973.
As a child, John Daniel Couriel attended grade school at St. Timothy's Catholic School. He was active in the Boy Scouts of America, and became an Eagle Scout. He graduated from Christopher Columbus High School in 1996, where he was president of his student government and active in the national high-school debate circuit, winning two state championships and other distincitions. He attended Harvard College from 1996 to 2000, graduating magna cum laude with an A.B. degree in Social Studies. As an undergraduate, he was Editor-in-Chief of the Harvard Political Review, a small claims legal advisor, and a research assistant to Professor John Henry Coatsworth, then of the David Rockefeller Center for Latin American Studies. He also interned for the Foundation for Florida's Future, an education reform group founded by Jeb Bush.
In 2003, Couriel graduated from Harvard Law School, where he was an Editor of the Journal on Legislation and moot court semifinalist.
Legal career.
In 2003 and 2004, Couriel served as law clerk to the Honorable John D. Bates, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. He moved to New York in September 2004 and joined the law firm of Davis Polk & Wardwell. While at Davis Polk, Couriel worked on Capital Markets, Mergers and Acquisitions, and Litigation matters.
In 2009, Couriel returned to Miami as an Assistant United States Attorney. For three years, he prosecuted a wide range of federal offenses, including identity theft, firearms trafficking, narcotics importation, migrant trafficking, and other immigration crimes. In 2011, he led the successful prosecution of a document vendor and a ring of corrupt employees of the Florida Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles, who issued genuine Florida driver's licenses to scores of illegal immigrants. After rotating through the Office's Appeals and Major Crimes Sections, he joined the Economic Crimes Section, where he focused on Medicare fraud. He successfully prosecuted the owners of fraudulent pharmacies, durable medical equipment companies, and other enterprises.
Personal life.
Couriel is married to Rebecca L. Toonkel, M.D. They adopted their son, Jonas Aaron, in 2011. Their daughter, Eden Sofia, was born in 2012. They live in Miami Beach.

</doc>
<doc id="36581418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581418" title="Manly Warringah District Cricket Club">
Manly Warringah District Cricket Club

Manly Warringah District Cricket Club is a cricket club in Sydney, Australia who play in the Sydney Grade Cricket competition

</doc>
<doc id="36581423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581423" title="Women's football in Argentina">
Women's football in Argentina

Women's football in Argentina has struggled to find a mainstream audience. While women's football clubs have existed in Argentina for decades, especially in the rural, in 1991 that a grooup of clubs were allowed into the AFA (Argentina Football Association). Originality with seven teams, the country saw the number of clubs with female teams rising 35 in 1998, and then steadily plummet due to lack of interest.
Many women face prejudice and stigma for playing the game. 

</doc>
<doc id="36581434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581434" title="Cicely Williams">
Cicely Williams

Cicely Williams (2 December 1893 – 13 July 1992) was a Jamaican physician, most notable for her discovery and research into kwashiorkor, a condition of advanced malnutrition, and her campaign against the use of sweetened condensed milk and other artificial baby milks as substitutes for human breast milk.
One of the first female graduates of Oxford University, Dr Williams was instrumental in advancing the field of maternal and child health in developing nations, and in 1948 became the first director of Mother and Child Health (MCH) at the newly created World Health Organization (WHO). She once remarked that “if you learn your nutrition from a biochemist, you’re not likely to learn how essential it is to blow a baby's nose before expecting him to suck.”
Early life.
Cicely Delphine Williams was born in Kew Park, Darliston, Westmoreland, Jamaica into a family which had lived there for generations. She was the daughter of Rowland Williams, a landowner, who was said to have remarked, when Cicely was nine years old, that she had better become a lady doctor as she was unlikely to find a husband. At 13 she left Jamaica to be educated in England, beginning her studies in Bath and was then awarded a place at Somerville College, Oxford when she was 19. She deferred her place at college, as she returned to Jamaica to help her parents after a devastating series of earthquakes and hurricanes. After the death of her father in 1916 Williams, then 23, returned to Oxford and began studying medicine. Williams was one of the first females admitted into the course, only because of the death of male students caused by World War I.
Williams qualified from King's College Hospital in 1923, at 31, and worked for two years at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital for Children, in Hackney. It was here that Williams decided to specialise in paediatrics, acknowledging that in order to be an effective physician she must have first hand knowledge of a child’s home environment and background, a notion which would come to define her medical practice.
Due to the end of World War I, and the return of male physicians, Williams found it difficult to find a medical position following graduation. She worked for a term in Salonika with Turkish refugees. She completed a course at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM) from 1928-9 and afterwards applied to the Colonial Medical Service, and in 1929 was posted to the Gold Coast (present day Ghana).
Colonial Medical Service.
Williams was employed specifically as a “Woman Medical Officer”- a distinction she disagreed with, not least because it meant she was paid a lower rate than her male counterparts. Her role on the Gold Coast was to treat acutely ill infants and children, and give advice at a clinic level. Faced with the shocking rate of death and illness in the community, Williams trained nurses to do out-reach visits, and created well-baby visits for the local community. She also began a patient information card system to assist with record keeping. Williams, while supportive of modern medicine and scientific techniques, was one of the few colonial physicians who gave credence to traditional medicine and local knowledge. Williams noted that while the child mortality was high, newborns were not represented nearly as highly as toddlers between two and four years. The repeated presentation of young children with swollen bellies and stick thin limbs who very often died despite treatment, piqued Dr Williams’ interest. This condition was often diagnosed as pellagra, a vitamin deficiency, but Williams disagreed, and carried out autopsies on the dead children at great personal risk to herself (there were no antibiotics in colonial Ghana, and she became severely ill with streptococcal haemolysis from a cut during one such procedure). Williams asked the local women what they called this condition, and was told "kwashiorkor", which Williams translated as “disease of the deposed child”. Her findings- that the condition was due to a lack of protein in the diets of weanlings after the arrival of a new baby- were published in the "Archives of Disease in Childhood" in 1933.
Her colleagues in the colonies were quick to antagonise her claims, particularly H.S. Stannus, regarded as an expert on African nutritional deficiency, and Williams thus followed up her paper with another, more directly contrasting kwashiorkor and pellagra, published in "The Lancet" in 1935. This did little to sway the medical opinion, and colonial physicians continued to avoid using the term kwashiorkor, or even acknowledge that it was a distinct condition from pellagra, despite the continued deaths of thousands of children who were being treated for the latter condition. Williams remarked about the ongoing issue “These men in Harley Street couldn’t believe you unless you wore stripy trousers.”
Williams felt that kwashiorkor was a disease caused mostly through a lack of knowledge and information, and her desire to combine preventative and curative medicine caused her to clash with her superiors and in 1936, after over seven years of service on the Gold Coast, she was transferred ‘in disgrace’ to Malaya, to lecture at the University of Singapore.
Malaya and World War II.
In Malaya, Williams found a very different healthcare problem, the mortality of newborn infants was extremely high. She became incensed after learning that companies were employing women dressed as nurses to go to tenement houses and convince new mothers that sweetened condensed milk was a preferable replacement for their own milk. This practise was illegal in England and Europe, but Nestlé were exporting the milk to Malaysia and advertising it as “ideal for delicate infants”. In 1939 Williams was invited to address the Singapore Rotary Club, the chairman of which was also the president of Nestlé, and gave a speech entitled “Milk and Murder” famously saying:
Williams oversaw the development and running of a primary health care centre in the province of Trengganu in north-eastern Malaya, and was responsible for 23 other doctors and some 300,000 patients. In 1941 the Japanese invaded, and Williams was forced to trek to Singapore to safety. Shortly after her arrival, Singapore too fell to the Japanese, and she interred first at the Sime Road camp, and then later taken to Changi gaol with 6000 other prisoners. She was gaoled for three and a half years at Changi, and became one of the camp leaders, a position which lead to her being removed for six months to the Kempe Tai headquarters where she was tortured, starved and kept in cages with dying men. Williams’ suffered dysentery, beriberi (which left her feet numb for the rest of her life) and when the war was declared over in 1945, she was in hospital near death.
On her return to England, Williams’ wrote a report entitled "Nutritional conditions among women and children in internment in the civilian camp", noting that "20 babies were born, 20 babies were breastfed, 20 babies survived, you can't do better than that".
Later years.
In 1948, Williams was made head of the new Maternal and Child Health (MCH) division of the World Health Organisation in Geneva, and later transferred back to Malaya to head all maternal and child welfare services in South-East Asia. In 1950, she oversaw the commission of an international survey into kwashiorkor across 10 nations in sub-Saharan Africa. This study found that the condition carried such a health burden that is represented “the most serious and widespread nutritional disorder known to medical or nutritional science.” In her years with the organisation she lectured and advised on MCH in over 70 countries and was influential in promoting the advantages of local knowledge and resources as key to achieving health and wellness in local communities.
She was a senior lecturer in Nutrition at the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, her alma mater, from 1953-1955.
In 1960 Williams' became Professor of Maternal and Child Services at the American University of Beirut. She stayed for four years, and in her time worked with the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) with the Palestinian refugees in the Gaza Strip. She also worked with at risk communities in Yugoslavia, Tanzania, Cyprus, Ethiopia and Uganda.
Awards and legacy.
In 1986 Dr Williams was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Science from the University of Ghana, for her "love, care and devotion to sick children" and her citation mentioned that during her time as a colonial physician "it became necessary to have the police keep order among the surging patients."
Many authors have written of her achievements. In 2005 a Ghanaian tribesman- trained in the UK as a doctor- wrote to "The Lancet" in praise of Dr Williams' ability to identify and acknowledge the social context of diseases such as kwashiorkor, he mentions that her translation of the concept had yet to be bettered almost 70 years later, and commended her for her respect for local traditions, as evidenced by her referring to kwashiorkor by its local name.
Another article also recognised her for pioneering the field of maternal and child specific medicine, as during her early days in Ghana, such works was devalued as 'women's work' and outside the realms of proper modern medicine. Her empathetic and inquisitive approach amidst the paternalistic attitudes of her contemporaries allowed her to embrace the anthropological context of the patients she was treating. She took copious photographs and notes cataloging her time in Ghana, and admired the mothering skills of the native women, remarking that "baby is carried about on the mother's back, a position it loves, it sleeps close beside her, it is nourished whenever it cries, and on the whole it does remarkably well on this treatment", while traditional British parenting recommended the separation of mothers from their infants whenever possible. The article concludes by recognising Williams' contribution to the field of primary health care, stating that after the war and into the modern day, her views becoming the 'gospel for the next generation'.
In 1983 Sally Craddock published a biography entitled "Retired, Except on Demand: The Life of Dr Cicely Williams", taking the title from Williams' declaration after her 'official retirement' at the age of 71. Dr Williams however continued actively travelling and speaking into her early 90's.
In 1986 a book entitled "Primary Health Care Pioneer: The Selected Works of Dr Cicely D. Williams" pronounced her as having fulfilled the "physician's dream" of diagnosing, investigating and discovering the cure for a new disease, and commended her for doing such in an environment without modern medical resources.
Dr Cicely Williams died in Oxford in 1992 at the age of 98.

</doc>
<doc id="36581447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581447" title="Legal Education Certificate">
Legal Education Certificate

In the Commonwealth Caribbean, a Legal Education Certificate is a professional certification awarded to a person who has completed a course of study and training at a law school established by the Council of Legal Education. It was created by Articles 4 and 5 of the 1970 Agreement Establishing the Council of Legal Education. 
Awarding institutions.
There are three law schools which are empowered to award LECs: the Norman Manley Law School in Jamaica, the Hugh Wooding Law School in Trinidad and Tobago, and the Eugene Dupuch Law School in The Bahamas. In general, LL.B. graduates of the University of the West Indies are entitled to automatic admission to the above law schools, whereas others must take an entrance examination. Another agreement allows University of Guyana graduates to bypass the entrance exam as well. This exemption only applies to Guyanese nationals. In 2010, Solicitor-General of Belize Oscar Ramjeet lobbied for the exemption to be extended to Belizeans.
An LEC allows its holder to be admitted to practise law in any country or territory which is a signature to the agreement. In general, no person who does not hold an LEC may be so admitted. The original agreement exempted persons who were qualified to practise law on or before 1 October 1971, or who were undergoing a course of study leading to a qualification which would have enabled them to practise law before that date and who completed that course before 1 January 1980. A supplementary agreement in September 1984 extended the transitional period, and also provided for separate principals for each of the law schools empowered to award LECs.
Signatory countries, territories, and organisations.
Belize did not join the 1984 supplement initially, but eventually signed it later. It was a signatory to the 1970 agreement as "British Honduras".

</doc>
<doc id="36581475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581475" title="Umm Ruweim">
Umm Ruweim

Umm Ruweim is an archaeological ruin site from Ghazali in present-day Sudan. Consisting of two forts and some cemeteries, the site is situated just south of the Nile's Fourth Cataract at Wadi Abu Dom. There are two documented forts of the Meroitic period (300 BC to 300 AD). The Umm Ruweim I measures and has four towers. Umm Ruweim II, to the southeast, has a simpler plan consisting only of a perimeter wall. The function of these forts may have been military, but is uncertain. In the vicinity of the sites, there are small cemeteries that have been partially excavated. . It was unknown until the 50s, when its Christian antiquities were surveyed. An ongoing survey by Angelika Lohwasser of the University of Münster since 2009 in the Wadi Abu Dom area includes documentation of the ruins of Umm Ruweim.

</doc>
<doc id="36581492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581492" title="Laudivio Zacchia">
Laudivio Zacchia

Laudivio Zacchia (1565 - 30 August 1637) was an Italian Catholic cardinal.
Early life.
Zacchia was born in 1565 at the Castle of Vezzano, the son of Gaspare Zacchia and Veronica de' Nobili, of the signori of Vezzano.
It was not Zacchia's original intention to serve an ecclesiastic life. He originally married Laura Biassa and had a son and a daughter; Felice Zacchia (mother of Cardinal Paolo Emilio Rondinini). However, after his wife died, he left Vezzano and went to Rome to aid his brother, Cardinal Paolo Emilio Zacchia. There he worked in the Roman Curia and later became pro-treasurer of the Apostolic Chamber and later its commissary-general.
Ecclesiastic career.
On 17 August 1605 he was named bishop of Montefiascone, a bishopric which had previously been held by his brother. Both undertook works on the cathedral there.
During the papacy of Pope Paul V, Zacchia was named vice-legate in Viterbo and vice-legate of the province of the Patrimony. Pope Gregory XV appointed Zacchia as nuncio to Venice for the majority of his papacy.
In 1626, Pope Urban VIII made him a cardinal in the consistory of 19 January 1626 and he was named cardinal-priest at San Sisto Vecchio the following month, then opted for the title of San Pietro in Vincoli in 1629.
Between 1631 and his death in 1637, Zacchia was named crown-cardinal of the Republic of Genoa.
Bid to remove Pope Urban VIII.
According to his contemporary John Bargrave, in 1636 members of the Spanish faction of the College of Cardinals were so horrified by the conduct of Pope Urban VIII that they conspired to have him arrested and imprisoned (or killed) so that they could replace him with a new pope; namely Zacchia. When Urban travelled to Castel Gandolfo to rest, the members of the Spanish faction met in secret and discussed ways to progress their plan. But they were discovered and the pope raced back to Rome where he immediately held a consistory and demanded to know who the new pope was. To put an end to the conspiracy, the pope decreed that all cardinal-bishops should leave Rome and return to their own churches.
As it was, Zacchia died the following year, in 1637, and was buried in the chapel of Saint Domenico at the Church of Santa Maria sopra Minerva in Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36581499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581499" title="Amponsem">
Amponsem

Amponsem is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36581517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581517" title="Queen Elizabeth II Courts of Law, Brisbane">
Queen Elizabeth II Courts of Law, Brisbane

The Queen Elizabeth II Courts of Law, also referred to as the Brisbane Supreme and District Court, is a court building located at 415 George Street in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. 
It is a new, purpose-built building for the Supreme Court of Queensland and the District Court of Queensland. Together with the Brisbane Magistrates Court building it creates a new legal precinct in Brisbane, which occupies an entire city block between George Street, Roma Street and Turbot Street. Both buildings are located adjacent to the Roma Street railway station and King George Square busway station.
The new complex, shared between both courts, features enhanced facilities for victims of crime, witnesses, judges, lawyers and members of the public. It is one of the largest court buildings in Australia and includes 39 courtrooms, 1 large ceremonial court, Queensland Court of Appeal, 23 criminal courts and 14 civil courts, the Supreme Court Library, accommodation for 68 judges and a cell block in basement. The foyer of the Supreme Court also hosts the Sir Harry Gibbs Legal Heritage Centre, a museum dedicated to Queensland’s legal history.
The new complex has been named in the honour of Queen Elizabeth II, Queen of Australia, to mark her Diamond Jubilee. It was officially opened by the Premier of Queensland Campbell Newman on 3 August 2012 in presence of the Governor of Queensland Penelope Wensley, Chief Justice of Queensland Paul de Jersey, Chief Judge Patsy Wolfe, Attorney-General of Queensland Jarrod Bleijie, Master of the Rolls The Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury, judge Lady Justice Hallett, Chief Justice of the Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong Geoffrey Ma and Chief Justice of New Zealand Dame Sian Elias.
The court operations commenced on 27 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36581522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581522" title="DRONA Mobile">
DRONA Mobile

DRONA Mobile is a proprietary product of Deltecs InfoTech Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai, India. The product was launched in 2009 as a mobile engagement and learning platform for enterprises. It now serves as a complete enterprise mobile solution that supports multiple business functions within an organization.
DRONA enables Companies to establish real-time communication with employees, customers or partners as well as engage or train them via scheduled campaigns. The product is popular for optimizing and delivering videos on low cost 2G networks and supporting the authoring of a range of mobile content including newsletters, quizzes, presentations, polls, feedback forms, surveys, video and audio clips.
Leading enterprises in India including State Bank of India (Fortune 500, 2012), Essar, Airtel, Fullerton India, Genpact, and Wockhardt are using DRONA Mobile to drive their engagement, training, marketing, sales and communication initiatives.
History.
College students Jinen Dedhia, Divyesh Kharade, and Akash Shah saw students pouring over preparatory exam materials during commutes in 2005. They worked out a mobile learning solution that allowed word lists to be pushed to mobile handsets. The idea caught on and the team continued delivering mobile learning services till they launched their own company, Delta Technologies (later renamed to Deltecs InfoTech Pvt. Ltd.) in 2007.
The same year, Tata McGraw-Hill approached Deltecs to develop mobile learning products for a range of exam-based materials. This project was called "Mobile Ads (MAD)". As the market for mobile learning grew, the team started work on a common mobile platform that could support multiple sources of content. They called it DRONA.
DRONA was first implemented at Wipro Technologies in 2009. A module named DRONA VCAST was deployed on the BES servers at Wipro to train and engage senior executives via video on their BlackBerry smartphones. The project was a success and Deltecs' shifted its focus to smartphones exclusively.
In 2010, DRONA VCAST was renamed to DRONA Mobile as it now supported multiple formats including video, audio, documents, presentations and more. The same year, DRONA Mobile was also launched for iPhone, iPad and Android devices.
Key features.
DRONA Mobile includes a back end and front end client application. The back end integrates with enterprises' systems and supports the creation, delivery and tracking of mobile content. The front end is the mobile application that users access on their smartphones or tablets for training, business communication, and engagements.
Users can access DRONA anytime, anywhere in the offline or online mode. The application includes user-friendly features such as search, filter, bookmark, pause and resume, and device health downloads.
The product supports encrypted data storage and transmission, remote data wipe in case of theft or loss of device, user management and authentication for enterprise data safety.
Supported clients.
DRONA Mobile is available for BlackBerry, iPhone, iPad, and Android smartphones and tablets.

</doc>
<doc id="36581570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581570" title="Crawford Dam">
Crawford Dam

Crawford Dam (National ID # CO00556) is a dam in Delta County, Colorado, about a mile south of the town of Crawford, Colorado. 
The earthen dam was completed in 1962 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation with a height of 162 feet and 580 feet long at its crest. It impounds Iron Creek for irrigation flood control, one element of the Smith Fork Project. The dam is owned by the Bureau and is operated by the local Crawford Water Conservancy District. The reservoir it creates, Crawford Reservoir, has a water surface of 406 acres, about seven miles of shoreline, and has a total capacity of 14,395 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing (for yellow perch, northern pike, black crappie, largemouth bass, trout, channel catfish, etc.), hunting, boating, camping on 66 campsites, and hiking. A peninsula on the northeastern shore is the site of the Crawford State Park.

</doc>
<doc id="36581575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581575" title="Le Journal du Mali">
Le Journal du Mali

Le Journal du Mali is a French-language news-website in Bamako, Mali. The newspaper is owned by Dangassa Médias SARL, which also owns the website "Le Journal du Faso", and has an office in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="36581576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581576" title="Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman heavyweight">
Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics – Men's Greco-Roman heavyweight

The men's Greco-Roman heavyweight was a Greco-Roman wrestling event held as part of the Wrestling at the 1924 Summer Olympics programme. It was the third appearance of the event. Heavyweight was the heaviest category, including wrestlers weighing over 75 kilograms.
Results.
Source: Official results; Wudarski
The tournament was double-elimination.
Fifth round.
After this round, the undefeated Deglane and Rosenqvist and the one-loss Badó were left. Deglane and Rosenqvist advanced to the sixth round to face each other for gold, while Badó received the bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36581596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581596" title="There'll Be Some Changes Made (album)">
There'll Be Some Changes Made (album)

"There'll Be Some Changes Made (also released as Empirical") is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1972 and released on the Muse label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with a review stating, "This is one of his best all-round albums".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Jaki Byard except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36581690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581690" title="Women's football in Pakistan">
Women's football in Pakistan

Women's football in Pakistan is growing in popularity but is mainly played in affluent areas in Islamabad. 
One the barriers of the sport growing is it coached by men so the Pakistan FA are trying to get more women involved in coaching and refereeing.

</doc>
<doc id="36581699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581699" title="Edwin H. Anderson">
Edwin H. Anderson

Edwin Hatfield Anderson (1861-April 29, 1947) was a prominent American library leader during the first third of the 20th century, serving as director of both the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh and the New York Public Library. He also served as the president of the American Library Association in 1913-14.
Anderson worked with Andrew Carnegie to create the Carnegie Library in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in 1895, and served as the director of that library until 1904, when he stepped down because he could not afford to support his family on the salary. After a two-year stint (1906–08) as the head of the New York State Library and Library School, Anderson became the director of the New York Public Library in 1909, a position he held until 1934.
As a library leader, Anderson was best remembered for the librarian education programs he established in both Pittsburgh and New York City.
Anderson was married, with at least two children, daughters Charlotte and Cecile.
Anderson died in Evanston, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="36581771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581771" title="Ligero">
Ligero

Ligero (pronounced "lee-HAIR-oh") is a type of tobacco leaf found near the top of each tobacco plant. Slower to mature than the seco leaves found at the middle of the plant or the easy-burning volado leaves at the bottom, ligero leaves are characterized by a coarse texture and produce smoke with a potent, spicy taste. Ligero leaf is selected for the manufacture of heavy, full-bodied cigars, being rolled at the very center of the filler bundle owing to its slow-burning nature.
Description.
While the variety of tobacco, climate, and soil type affect the strength and flavor of tobacco smoke, another key variable is the part of the plant from which the leaves are harvested. The leaves of a tobacco plant ripen from the bottom to the top and are harvested in a series of "primings" as they become ready. As successive layers of leaves are picked and time passes, nutrients concentrate in the slowest ripening leaves remaining at the top of the plant, resulting in the strongest and most flavorful cigar tobacco.
Third generation cigarmaker Carlos Fuente, Jr. has observed that traditional Cuban tobacco farming was a slow process which allowed for the full development of the spicy ligero leaf.
"...The top leaves are left to overripen, and it looks ugly as hell... And that's what gives you your baritone, heavy flavor, more body. It gives you more complexity."
Extended direct exposure to the sun is a chief contributing factor to the thickened texture and fuller flavor of ligero leaves. Ligero leaves are thicker and oilier they burn with more difficulty than other tobacco leaves. They are consequently rolled into the very center of the filler bundle of the cigar, so that ignition can be maintained by the lighter surrounding leaf.

</doc>
<doc id="36581782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581782" title="Maxamillian Schneider">
Maxamillian Schneider

Maxamillian Schneider is an American athlete in the sports of judo and wrestling. Schneider began practicing judo at a very early age. He graduated in 2012 from Lane Technical College Prep High School where he began his wrestling career. Schneider currently attends California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California.
Judo.
As a junior in high school, Maxamillian represented the The United States of America as a judoka at the inaugural 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore, where he won a gold medal after ending every match with an ippon.
Maxamillian has represented the United States in many competitions around the world, including in Japan, Budapest, South Korea, and South Africa.
High School Wrestling.
As a freshman in 2009, Maxamillian placed second at the Illinois High School Association Wrestling Individual State Finals in the Class 3A 135 lbs. category, notably pinning then-senior Ellis Coleman of OPRF in the quarter finals. In 2010, Max became the state champion 145 lbs. and in 2012, he won his second state championship title at 152 lbs.
Maxamillian is the first Chicago Public High School League wrestler to be a two-time state champion since 1953, and Lane Tech's first State wrestling champion in 64 years.
In his high school wrestling career, Maxamillian garnered 111 falls.

</doc>
<doc id="36581790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581790" title="Harriman Dam">
Harriman Dam

Harriman Dam is a hydroelectric dam in Windham County, Vermont in the town of Whitingham. The water from the dam flows through a penstock to a power generation plant in the adjacent town of Readsboro.
The dam was built in 1923 by the New England Power Company. Some 215 feet high and 1250 feet long as its crest, it's one of the ten hydroelectric dams impounding the Deerfield River. Owned and operated by TransCanada Corporation, the facility is an earthen dam with a relatively unusual concrete "morning glory" (freestanding conical drain) spillway, similar to another example at Monticello Dam in California. 
The reservoir it creates, Harriman Reservoir, has a water surface area of 2039 acres, a maximum depth of 180 feet, and has a gross storage capacity of 117,300 acre-feet.
The name comes from utility executive Henry I. Harriman, president of the New England Power Company.

</doc>
<doc id="36581800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581800" title="Jesse L. Webb, Jr.">
Jesse L. Webb, Jr.

Jesse Lynn Webb, Jr. (1923 - 1956) was Mayor of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. He died in office in an airplane crash in 1956.
Early life.
Webb was born on December 8, 1923 to Jesse Lynn Webb and Maude Borski. His father Jesse L Webb, Sr. served as assessor for East Baton Rouge Parish.
Political career.
Webb was elected Mayor of Baton Rouge in 1952 and served from 1953 until his death on April 28, 1956 at Lansing, Michigan. Webb was considered a moderate on the issue of racial segregation and under his leadership segregation in public buses was rolled back.
Webb was to attend a meeting in Lansing, Michigan when the aircraft he was flying in, owned by the East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff's office, crashed while carrying him to a meeting in the Michigan capital. Webb was succeeded in office by his wife, Mary Estus Jones Webb, who served out the remainder of his term.

</doc>
<doc id="36581808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581808" title="Diakité">
Diakité

Diakité is a Malian and Sengalese family name of Fula origin.
In Fula culture, the surname Ba is considered equivalent.

</doc>
<doc id="36581818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581818" title="Batavia Air destinations">
Batavia Air destinations

This is a list of destinations served by Batavia Air.

</doc>
<doc id="36581821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581821" title="Super battleship (warship)">
Super battleship (warship)

Super battleship is an unofficial classification of battleships encompassing the largest types constructed or planned, displacing roughly 60,000 tons or more. Only two such battleships were ever constructed, though many more were planned by several navies of the world before and during the Second World War. Their design emphasized thick armor and big-caliber guns, the most ideal warships for the decisive battle doctrine between battleships, which then had large support. However the advent of the aircraft carriers compromised their use, and the only two ever built (both by the Japanese Empire) were both sunk during World War II.
"Yamato" class.
After World War I, the major naval powers of the world at that time (United States, Britain, Japan, France and Italy) signed the Washington Naval Treaty to contain the naval arms race that had begun during the First World War. The treaty placed certain restrictions on the displacement and the number of Capital ships a country was allowed to have. However, after Japan exited the League of Nations it refused to renew the naval treaty. The birth of an ultranationalist movement in Japan called for an expansion of the Imperial Japanese Navy to include huge naval vessels to cow down the rivals of the country. It called for a large battleship design to attain one-on-one superiority of Japanese ships against any other battleship. Work started on it before World War II and five such ships were eventually planned to constitute the s. Two were built at the beginning of the conflict, after Japan itself became involved. Displacing 70,000 tons at full load, with an armament of nine 18.1 inch guns, the ships were the largest battleships to ever be constructed, with no other battleship as-of-today having ever matched them in armor, weight and firepower.
Subsequently, however, even these giants of the sea were shown to be no match for aircraft carriers. As the dominance of the carriers became more and more apparent, even the super battleships were rendered helpless and obsolete against them. Thus the Japanese converted the third vessel of the class () into an aircraft carrier and cancelled the remaining two vessels of that class. was sunk on 24 October 1944 during the Battle of Leyte Gulf (taking 17 bomb and 20 torpedo hits) while was sunk on 7 April 1945 during Operation Ten-Go (taking 6 bomb and 11 torpedo hits). Significantly, both warships were sunk by aircraft deployed from carriers.

</doc>
<doc id="36581832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581832" title="MacX DVD Ripper Pro">
MacX DVD Ripper Pro

MacX DVD Ripper Pro is a Mac OS application developed by Digiarty Software. It is a shareware and/or nagware DVD ripper. The software features the capability of converting DVD's to formats usable on portable devices.

</doc>
<doc id="36581857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581857" title="Bani Kinanah Department">
Bani Kinanah Department

Bani Kinanah Department () is one of the nine departments that constitute the Irbid Governorate of Jordan.
It has a population of over 100,000. Its administrative center is in Sama al-Rousan. 
There are five municipal councils in the department, and many educational, and service institutions. The department is served by the Yarmouk Hospital.
Geography.
The Bani Kinanah Department is situated in the north-western edge of Jordan over looking the Sea of Galilee. It is one of the nine departments of Irbid Governorate. 

</doc>
<doc id="36581860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581860" title="Women's soccer in South Africa">
Women's soccer in South Africa

Women's football in South Africa was started in the 1960s and gained popularity in the 1990s, when the first national women's team was formed. Although the popularity of women's football is increasing in the country, support for men's soccer is still greater than that of women's.
History.
South African women's soccer started in 1960 during the Apartheid era. Orlando Pirates Women's Football Club and Mother City Girls were among the first women's soccer clubs formed in 1962.
National league.
Sanlam National Women's Football League was set up in the late 1990s with the goal of increasing the number of women in soccer administration and a second season was played in 2002. South Africa does not have a national women's football league. The league is believed to have been discontinued as no more seasons have been played since the early 2000s.
In 2012, then Minister of Sports and recreation, Fikile Mbalula, called for the creation of a women's football league after the national women's football team, Banyana Banyana, returned from the 2012 Olympic Games defeated.
National team.
South Africa women's national football team, nicknamed "Banyana Banyana" has been participating in international soccer since 1993, when they beat Swaziland 14-0 on 30 May of that year. This is their biggest win to date.
The team is controlled by the South African Football Association.
International participation.
, the South African national women's soccer team has not qualified for the FIFA Women's World Cup. They have been competing in the CAF Women's Championship since 1995. They qualified for the Olympic Games for the first time at the 2012 Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36581865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581865" title="Florence Littauer">
Florence Littauer

Florence Littauer is a Christian self-help author and public speaker. Littauer is best known for her series of books based upon the Personality Plus personality system. She was listed as one of Helen K. Hosier's "100 Christian Women Who Changed the Twentieth Century" and has received the National Speakers Association's Council of Peers Award for Excellence and has been designated by them as a Certified Speaking Professional.
Background.
Littauer grew up in her father's store in Haverhill, Massachusetts, with her sharing three rooms with her family. She attended the University of Massachusetts on a scholarship, where she received a Bachelor's degree in English with a minor in psychiatry. Littauer met her husband Fred Chapman at a Jewish day camp for girls, with the two becoming engaged about a year later. The wedding was covered by "Life Goes to a Wedding" and the two have had four children together. Their third child, Fred Jr, died from issues related to seizures he suffered during his infancy and their fourth child, Larry, suffered from a brain disorder and was institutionalized. During this time Littauer suffered depression, which continued until she met Roy Gustafson, a member of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Team. From this meeting Littauer and her husband began a ministry, a public speaking business, and a series of religious themed books.
Personality Plus.
Littauer, along with her husband, developed the personality profile system "Personality Plus". She first began looking into personality groups as a way of trying to explain the differences in personality between herself and her husband. The Littauers based the system off of Hippocrates's theory of the Four Temperaments. The system classifies the four personality groups of "Choleric", "Melancholy", "Sanguine", and "Phlegmatic". Unlike Hippocrates's system, Littauer stated that individuals could be made up of several personality types rather than to just be classified into one.
Personality groups.
None of these types is specifically described as being positive or negative. They each have upsides and downsides. The characteristics are for observing and identifying, rather than judging.

</doc>
<doc id="36581896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581896" title="Brauntex Theatre">
Brauntex Theatre

The Brauntex Theatre is a former movie palace (now a performing arts theater) located in downtown New Braunfels in the U.S. state of Texas. It was built in the late Art Deco period in 1942. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The Brauntex Theatre first opened in downtown New Braunfels in January 1942. Pearl Harbor had just been attacked, and the United States was at war. Patrons needed a place where they could attempt to ease their worry of loved ones in the war and catch up on the status of the war. It premiered with "The Birth of the Blues", starring Bing Crosby. At the time there were many other operational theaters in the city, but when the state-of-the-art Brauntex Theatre opened, it was the best. A major fire in one of the other downtown theaters, the Palace, either just before or just after the Brauntex opened, made the new theater an even more welcome addition to the city. The Griffith Company owned the theater. Its design was copied from an earlier Griffith theater in New Cordell, Oklahoma, the Washita Theater. The old theater was an important part of downtown New Braunfels for fifty years. Many members of the staff recalls many highlights of the early movie operations such as the time that Pedro Gonzalez appeared while filming the John Wayne classic, The Alamo. The theater was integrated during the 1960s. After integration patrons could sit anywhere in the theater; 40 cents upstairs or 50 cents downstairs.
Renovation.
Slowly over time this once grand establishment with smartly dressed ushers and a bright neon sign became a ghost of years past. Through the dust one could still see the gilded fittings of the Brauntex, but the seats were broken and the theater reeked of cigarette smoke. In September 1998 a local group of city and county officials, artists, engineers, an attorney, a performing arts technician, bank officials and many other concerned citizens, came together to try to save this once great theater. This plan soon grew and the whole city was eager to save this beauty. This group of 36 diverse participants had meetings, brainstorming the needs of the building as well as its potential uses. Out of this the committee decided to mold this run-down movie palace into a full-scale theater which was to be run by the Brauntex Performing Arts Theatre Association.
The plan had to be set aside due to the October 1998 Central Texas floods. When the city of New Braunfels had recovered, the plan to renovate the Brauntex was put back into place. In July 1999 corporate non-profit status was acquired, the Association elected officers and directors and contracted a management consultment and a grant writer. On August 31, 1999 the earnest money contract was signed and on December 10, 1999 the Association became proud owners of the dilapidated gem, the Brauntex Theatre.
Almost immediately after the Association acquired the property, renovation begun. Plans were drawn, ideas were submitted, and money was raised to give this structure a much needed face-lift. One of the first tasks the Association had was expanding the tiny movie theater stage, into a large performing arts stage. The other major structural change was to restore the balcony to its former glory, as the previous owner had closed it off to create a second theater.
The renovation crew included many different local groups who volunteered to overhaul the theatre, including the USMC Junior ROTC from New Braunfels High School. a group of women, who dubbed themselves as the Brauntex Sweatshop, had to sew 600 seat covers alone. The renovation was completed quickly and the grand reopening of the Brauntex Theatre had the San Antonio Symphony grace their stage. The opening night was sold out and was a huge and grand success for this once great movie palace.

</doc>
<doc id="36581904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581904" title="Bediako">
Bediako

Bediako is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="36581924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581924" title="Fernanda Souza">
Fernanda Souza

Fernanda Souza (born Fernanda Rodrigues de Souza on June 18, 1984 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian actress

</doc>
<doc id="36581929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581929" title="2026 FIFA World Cup">
2026 FIFA World Cup

The 2026 FIFA World Cup will be the 23rd FIFA World Cup, an international association football tournament that is scheduled to take place in 2026. The tournament will involve 32 national teams, including that of the host nation, assuming the current format of the finals is maintained, but there have been suggestions to expand the tournament to 40 teams.
Host selection.
FIFA announced on October 29, 2007 that it will no longer continue with its continental rotation policy, implemented after the 2006 World Cup host selection. The newest host selection policy is that any country may bid for a World Cup, provided that their continental confederation has not hosted either of the past two World Cups. For the 2026 World Cup, this means that bids from Asia and Europe are not allowed.
FIFA formally allowed joint bids once more; they were previously banned in 2002 after the 2002 World Cup, hosted by South Korea and Japan. The reinstated joint bid rule indicates such a bid may have only one organizing committee. The Korea/Japan World Cup bid in 2002 had two different organizing committees.

</doc>
<doc id="36581942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581942" title="Family Man (Jaki Byard album)">
Family Man (Jaki Byard album)

Family Man is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1978 and released on the Muse label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars with a review stating, "A typically stimulating and eclectic program of music by Jaki Byard".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Jaki Byard except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36581946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581946" title="This Guy's in Love with U Mare!">
This Guy's in Love with U Mare!

"This Guy's In Love With U Mare!" is a 2012 Filipino comedy parody film under Star Cinema and Viva Films. It stars Vice Ganda, Luis Manzano and Toni Gonzaga, and it is directed by Wenn V. Deramas.
The film received mixed reviews from Filipino critics. It currently holds the title of the fifth highest-grossing Filipino film of all time.
Plot.
With three years of a happy relationship, Mike (Luis Manzano) decided to end his relationship with his gay lover, Lester (Vice Ganda), After their break-up, Lester soon finds out that Mike is cheating with him for the last year with a bank accountant Gemma (Toni Gonzaga). This leads to Lester having a plan to destroy Mike and Gemma's relationship, by acting like a real man and thinking that Mike will come back to him. He commanded his four gay friends and also his workers on his parlor, Babushka (IC Mendoza), Ricky (Lassie Marquez), Fanny (Ricky Rivero) and Bambi (Ricci Chan) to pretend as a group of hold-uppers to hold-up Gemma after her shift. Lester pretends to be her "knight and shining armor" and saves her from the "hold-uppers" (his friends). After the rackus, Gemma took Lester home to bring her to her parents (Boboy Garovillo and Carla Martinez). After a dinner with the rest of Gemma's family, Lester went home. He stopped by his parlor and shocked at his friend's broken faces (the bruises he left after he saved Gemma from them). After they tried to have their revenge on him, he soon apologized and get together again. Gemma called Mike that same evening, telling him that Mike should meet with Lester in order for him to learn martial arts, which he declines. With his family's suffering for poorness, Mike doesn't know where to get money for his and Gemma's wedding. He proposed to Gemma, which caused Lester to have his plan. 
One day at her job, Lester visits and deposits P5,000,000 on their bank. Gemma and Mike met up again, after seeing the flowers that Lester gave Gemma (Mike doesn't know who Gemma's suitor is) he became extremely upset which caused their argument. Gemma and Lester began dating. One day Gemma was visited by her family to her room, all of them except her mother left the room, which tells her, if she loves Lester, she replied that she was confused and doesn't know what to answer. One day at her job, Lester calls and invites to come to The Dream Concert she really wants to go. After a long and fun night, Mike soon learned that it was Lester who was Gemma's suitor. One day after a tiring game of basketball, Lester got sick and was taken care of by Gemma. Lester learns that Gemma was a good person and wanted to stop what he was doing to her. Mike told Gemma that something is wrong. He then brings Gemma to Lester's house and showed her his room (Lester's room was filled with pictures of Mike), which Gemma became really angry and disappointed. He then broke up with Mike and cancelled their wedding.
Mike apologized to Lester for using him, which Lester accepted. Mike and Lester did everything for Gemma to forgive them, but both of them failed. When Mike was apologizing to Gemma, Gemma taunts Mike that she will jump in the bridge that they were standing to. But soon, Gemma forgives Mike and Lester.
Gemma and Mike's wedding was held at a beach and live happily ever after. Lester found his one true love (the guy that saved him from the bridge where he almost drowned (Sam Milby). But it was only to be revealed that the guy who saved him was a priest and was going to held Gemma and Mike's wedding, which causes Lester for a traumatic experience.
Background and development.
The film was first announced on April 19, 2012 through Star Cinema. Vice Ganda, who has one of the lead roles supposed to do first the film "Two and a half Sisters" with Anne Curtis and Sarah Geronimo, but it was postponed due to Geronimo's busy schedule. Wenn V. Deramas, the director decided to do this film first and is slated for October 2012 release. On an interview with the casts on TV Patrol, Ganda claimed that with all humility, this film is expected to break the record of his own film "The Unkabogable Praybeyt Benjamin" (2011) which is the highest-grossing Filipino film of all time before the "The Mistress" of "John Lloyd Cruz" and "Bea Alonzo" took place the spot of being now the Highest-grossing Filipino films of all time. The film had its press conference on July 17, 2012 and began shooting on June 17, 2012. Toni Gonzaga also quoted in an interview that she is excited to do the film with his friends, Ganda and Manzano. This movie is Toni Gonzaga's first movie produced by Viva Films.
Reports told that the film is a "love-triangle" film.
Reception.
Critical reception.
Philbert Ortiz Dy of "ClickTheCity" gave the film a favorable review. He states that,"...I have to admit I’m a little astounded by This Guy’s In Love with U, Mare. The sexual politics of the film are really intriguing, and surprisingly progressive for a mainstream release. The film depicts relationships that go far beyond the hetero-normative ideals usually portrayed in mainstream cinema. The movie has plenty of fun with gender roles, confounding larger ideas about what it means to be straight or gay in a modern society. It ends up making a case for a more fluid form of sexuality, one that isn’t limited by prejudices towards femininity or masculinity.". He also cite some bad sides of the film stating, "...Some of the elements of the formula are still kind of annoying[...]The premise is a little hacky, and the comedy gets old really fast[...]is a lot less pleasing. The comedy still feels stale. Laughs are mostly generated through sped up footage, making fun of people for being ugly and word-for-word recitations of dramatic scenes from other movies. Some of the gags are stretched out for far too long, and that extends the film’s runtime".
Mark Angelo Ching of "PEP.ph" stated his review through his personal website. He stated that "What makes this movie okay is the abundance of smart jokes. There are many sight gags and hidden jokes in many scenes that are played with no hard effort[...] Vice's best scenes happen in the first half, when he's on a revenge streak. When he calms down and the movie gets dramatic, the film gets boring." The other lead characters, on the other hand, deliver shaky performances. Toni Gonzaga portrays her character to be smart, but then she fails to see Lester's true intent. Luis Manzano plays his character dumb at times, and smart at times, it gets confusing what is right. In fairness, this may not be the two actors' fault, but the director's.
A review from "Twitch Film" gave the film a poor rating. Ogg Cruz stated, "It is what it is, a disposable piece of entertainment that does not have the will or courage to reinvent the wheel. As a product of commerce, the film understandably insists on being merely lightweight, parading characters that are mere two-dimensional sketches with either a skewed or an overly simplistic understanding of gender roles and morality. The film manages to be funny within the very same framework that all comedies about self-deprecating gays are funny[...]While it is apparent that there are attempts to blur the borders between genders and relationships, it unfortunately misses the opportunity to actually create discourse out of its premise, to graduate from the decades-old subgenre." 
Skilty Labastilla of the Young Critics Circle Film Desk, on the other hand, lambasted the film, saying that the film is "shrill, unfunny, and disturbing". He adds, "the film’s bigger sins, in my opinion, has little to do with its filmmaking and everything to with its peddling of disturbing messages: 1) To be a real man, one has to be physically violent., 2) Making fun of people whose looks do not meet society’s standards of beauty is completely OK., and 3) Gay men will lust after every young man they see." 
Box-office.
According to Mico Del Rosario, advertising and promotion manager for Star Cinema, the movie grosses PHP 23 Million on its opening day. The film grosses P123 Million on its first week. P315 Million as of its 3rd week of showing and still counting.

</doc>
<doc id="36581966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581966" title="Women's football in Zimbabwe">
Women's football in Zimbabwe

Women's football in Zimbabwe is popular but women face stigma of playing the game.
In 2012 Zimbabwe Women’s Football Super League was created to improve the Zimbabwe women's national football team. Audience attendances were larrge for a debut season.

</doc>
<doc id="36581978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581978" title="Censorship in Islamic societies">
Censorship in Islamic societies

Islamic teachings and argument have been used to censor opinions and writings throughout history, up to and including the modern era, and thus there are many cases of censorship in Islamic societies. One example is the fatwa ("religious judgment") against "The Satanic Verses" (a novel), ordering that the author be executed for blasphemy. Depictions of Muhammad have inspired considerable controversy and censorship. Some Islamic societies have religious police, who enforce the application of Islamic Sharia law. In non-Islamic countries, Islam has often been cited as a reason for self-censorship. Sometimes this self-censorship is because of threats of violence. Leaders of the member states of the world's largest Islamic organization, known as the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC), called for a categorical ban on anything that could be deemed as denigration of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad in 2012.
Organisation of Islamic Cooperation.
The Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC), the world's second largest intergovernmental organization, comprising fifty-seven Islamic states, has actively lobbied for a global ban on what it perceives as anti-Islamic blasphemy, especially after the publication of Innocence of Muslim, a "low-quality film" depicting the Prophet Muhammad as a madman, philanderer, and paedophile, triggered protests and demonstrations in over a dozen Islamic countries. The OIC actions constituted a major step to criminalize speech critical of religion.
Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu, a Turkish citizen and the Secretary General of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, also called for a ban on insults against the Islamic prophet. He said, "If the Western world fails to understand the sensitivity of the Muslim world, then we are in trouble". He asserted provocative insults are "a threat to international peace and security and the sanctity of life."
However, the opposition from Western nations barred the resolution from being accepted. Ihsanoglu said, "We could not convince them, [..] The European countries don't vote with us, the United States doesn't vote with us."
Censorship measures in the Islamic world.
Afghanistan.
The Taliban, which ruled Afghanistan after the early-1990s, had the most strict, deeply enforced Islamic censorship of any other government in the Muslim World. They enforced and imposed a blanket ban on all films and videos. The Taliban fully fell in 2002 and Afghani President Hamid Karzai's administration began, with expectations of a move towards more secular policies.
However, Karzai has worked with members of the Islamic Council of Scholars to censor television programs regarded as sinful, particularly those created by the Indian entertainment industry (many Afghani Islamists often euphemistically refer to Hindus in said industry as "worshipers of graven idols"). One of Afghanistan's most popular television soap operas, "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi", has faced threats of a total banning from the country unless the shows were heavily modified.
Azim Roboti, director of the Kabul company 'Caravan Film', has remarked about Islamic censorship,
Egypt.
The government of Egypt, during the modern era, used a fundamentally secular legal code that went back decades. In 1985, Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak and the National Assembly revised that code in order to try and take some of the heat off of Islamist anti-regime activists such as those in the Muslim Brotherhood by co-opting some of the Islamists' demands. Systematic Islamic censorship on the nation's media began at the same time as the imposition of religious education in state schools.
The government's Ministry of Culture typically worked with the Islamic Research Council, based out of Al-Azhar University, to implement Islamic censorship of the nation's film industry. For example, Youssef Chahine, one of the most popular Egyptian filmmakers in history, had the distribution of his successful 1994 work "The Emigrant" ended when the Council objected to a character's portrayal of the religious figure Joseph. Chahine sued and won, ensuring further showings of his film and showing the sometimes inconsistent nature of Egyptian censorship.
Egyptian films of the nation's classic cinema period often depict all sorts of physical affection such as kisses and hugging, and said films receive frequent play on the state-owned Egyptian Television Network. In the aftermath of the Arab Spring toppling of Mubarak's government, some conservative Islamists in Egypt's parliament have worked for a comprehensive censorship law banning such displays. Many Egyptians have expressed concerns about increasing Islamic censorship harming the nation's entertainment industries.
Although both secular and Islamic censorship has existed, widespread use of the internet, physical distribution of DVDs, and so on has broadly allowed a large variety of arts and media access. Those measures have not kept Cairo from being regarded as the largest arts and media publishing hub in the Middle East.
A coalition of participants in the Egyptian art world formed the 'Egyptian Creativity Front' to oppose Islamic censorship by the ruiling Muslim Brotherhood, using the slogan "Long Live Free Art". The government has used article 44 of the new Egyptian Constitution as justification for their measures, which states "insult or abuse of all religious messengers and prophets shall be prohibited".
Iran.
The Shah's government eschewed Islamic censorship, with popular commercial films featuring frank sexual themes and even nudity. The regime largely concerned itself with fostering feelings of legitimacy and making sure that films always portrayed it in a positive light. The Shah personally intervened in a 1934 film biopic to make sure that the protagonist, the poet Firdawsi, viewed the ruler character as a patron of the arts.
In the Islamic Republic of Iran, members of the 1979 Revolution sought to use film and other measures to shift public opinion's against the Shah's regime and, upon taking power, utilized filmmakers for ideological support. In some circumstances, this meant more rights than under the Shah such as use of minority dialects by characters. However, the Islamic government has strictly regulated films in order to suppress messages perceived as un-Islamic, using religious bureaucracies such as the Council of Screenplay Inspection and the Council of Film Reviewing to alter and delete specific lines and scenes against filmmaker's wishes.
In particular, the government forbids the depiction of women either singing, dancing, or both. Actresses also must conceal their hair at all times, even in moments when the characters are shone alone in their own homes. Censors suppress the showing of direct physical contact between members of the opposite sex. Despite this tradition of censorship, some officials have relaxed implementation of Islamic standards, particularly since the death of Ruhollah Khomeini in 1989 (which resulted in the film "Two Women" by Tahmineh Milani being un-banned before receiving widespread public acclaim).
Iran's government, through the Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance, reviews written works before allowing authors to be published. This process tends to involve having three separate officials inspect works for offending words and phrases, which can take several months to years before approval is granted. Authors with banned works include Plato, Louis-Ferdinand Céline, James Joyce, Kurt Vonnegut, and Paulo Coelho. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has publicly attacked the impact of "harmful books" on his nation, analogizing them with "poisonous" drugs.
Iranian censorship of books grew stricter after then-President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's administration began in 2005. His government authorized booksellers to distribute "Memoria de mis putas tristes" by Nobel-prize winning author Gabriel Garcia Marquez, which had the five-thousand first edition sell out in short notice, but it reversed course and banned further reprinting. Muslim religious conservatives objected to the story's plot, which describes an isolated ninety-year-old man seeking a night of "wild love" with an adolescent prostitute.
Iraq.
Censorship for both socio-political and religious justifications, intertwined, was widespread in Iraq's government in the 20th century. In particular, the Iraqi Law on the Censorship of Foreign Films of 1973 banned the showing of anything with "the propagation of reactionary, chauvinistic, populistic, racialist or regionist ideas, of favouring the spirit of defeatism, serving imperialism and Zionism", prohibiting as well anything "defaming the Arab nation and its goals". Iraq's government effectively had the ability to ban any film for any reason whatsoever at any notice.
Malaysia.
Malaysia's administration by British colonial authorities in the early modern era meant that effective free expression in the media did not exist, with films and other methods of communication considered as mere arms of the government. With independence, widespread censorship has continued, various films facing alterations or outright bans from perceived glorification of socialism, displays of excessive violence, subversiveness to government policy, or other such reasons. Popular movies deviating from Islamic teaching such as "Fantasi", a work made in 1992 but not released until 1994 due to the central theme of reincarnation, and "Amok", a controversial 1995 film with frank sexual and violent content, both faced bans. In response to government pressure, filmmakers have tended towards perceived middle-of-the-road stories such as teen comedy.
Pakistan.
The government of Pakistan maintains strict censorship of its citizens' access to the internet, with the Ministry of Information Technology's sub-agency the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority monitoring and filtering a variety of websites accused of playing host to perceived anti-Islamic content. Examples of cautioned websites include Google, Yahoo, Bing, YouTube, Hotmail, MSN, and Amazon. The government banned access to Facebook outright for two months in mid-2010 after the controversial page titled "Everybody Draw Mohammed Day" received public attention.
These measures have partially contributed to underlying tensions between the Pakistani government and the U.S. government, with many of the aforementioned websites being American-owned.
Saudi Arabia.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has, in the words of the "International Business Times", "resorted to drastic measures to limit free communication within its own borders." The administration blocks hundreds of thousands of websites for having content perceived as immoral. Censorship has grown more strict since the 'Arab Spring' revolutions began in early 2011.
Tunisia.
In one well-publicized instance of Islamic censorship, the government of Tunisia fined Nabil Karoui, owner of Tunis-based company Nessma TV, about $1,700 in May 2012 for airing the controversial film "Persepolis". Said film includes a scene depicting Allah directly along with other disputed material. The government's ruling blasted Karoui for what it viewed as "broadcasting a film that disturbs public order and threatens proper morals".
Uzbekistan.
Islam Karimov, the President of Uzbekistan, has implemented a degree of Islamic censorship over the nation's media, such as banning advertisements for alcohol or tobacco products. Those measures have been a part of a general plan of religious administration that has included running religious programming on state television, federally funding the building of mosques and the restorations of shrines, and the promotion of the official government "muftiyat" to smooth connections between the state and Islamic believers.
Censorship in non-Islamic countries.
Several examples exist of incidences of self-censorship in non-Islamic countries.
India.
Although India's constitution protects freedom of speech as a fundamental right, it allows for "reasonable restrictions" in the interests of "public order, decency or morality".

</doc>
<doc id="36581988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581988" title="UOIT Engineering Students' Society">
UOIT Engineering Students' Society

The UOIT Engineering Students’ Society, also known as UOIT EngSoc, is the representative student body for all undergraduate full-time students enrolled in the Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science (FEAS) and the Faculty of Energy Systems and Nuclear Science (FESNS) at the University of Ontario Institute of Technology (UOIT). In addition to providing funding for engineering clubs and groups, UOIT EngSoc organizes professional development, extracurricular and sports events for over 1,800 members, proudly representing engineering students at Ontario’s fastest growing university. Established and registered in 2003 under the Student Association at Durham College and UOIT originally as a club and later in 2008 as a society, UOIT EngSoc is one of the largest and most active students’ societies at the university. UOIT EngSoc is recognized by both the engineering faculties at UOIT and is formally affiliated with Canadian Federation of Engineering Students (CFES) and the Engineering Students’ Societies’ Council of Ontario (ESSCO). The UOIT Engineering Students’ Society currently operates under the governing policies of Student Association at Durham College and UOIT, in addition to its own governing documents including a constitution and policy manual. In addition to the base funding provided by UOIT’s Student Association, UOIT EngSoc has, in previous years, attempted to create a referendum to establish a levied fee for all its members in order to provide better services and increase representation for engineering students. In 2013, UOIT EngSoc was successful in passing the referendum, due to the efforts of Arnold Odrigio and the Engineering Opportunities Fee Committee.
History.
The UOIT Engineering Students’ Society was formed in 2003 by the first year of engineering students at the University of Ontario Institute of Technology. That year, the society was officially registered as a club under the Student Association at Durham College and UOIT, also known as the SA. For the following years the society remained relatively small and ran few events due to limited funding. In 2007, with Matt Cannon as President, the UOIT Engineering Students’ Society formally joined the Engineering Student Societies’ Council of Ontario (ESSCO), and attended their first conference the Presidents’ Meeting, hosted by the University of Ottawa in September. The following year ESSCO Executives mandated the UOIT EngSoc to hold the 2008 Presidents’ Meeting, a conference attended by 30 participants, 2 from each member university. With Mary Viloria as President, the society’s team of executives ran that weekend-long conference with $300 from a bake sale and a $3000 donation by the faculty. That year the society organized the sale of engineering leather jackets, a Movember campaign, a pub night, and the engineering hockey team to go play in the interschool tournament. The society ran a very successful internal engineering competition and was able to send teams to compete provincially, and because the society also joined the Canadian Federation of Engineering Students (CFES) that year, the teams were also able to compete nationally. In 2008, with the initiatives of the then President of the SA, Amy England, and Janelle MacDougall, an executive for the UOIT EngSoc, the SA formed a structure to support societies. The faculty heads of both FEAS and FESNS, advised representing all students in both faculties under one organization, and thus in 2008 the UOIT Engineering Students’ Society was registered as a society, which represented all students from FEAS and FESNS, under the Student Association.
In 2011, during the annual CFES Congress (hosted that year by Memorial University in St. John's, Newfoundland), UOIT officially joined Western Engineering Students' Societies Team (WESST). Ryan Farrugia, the VP External at the time, purchased several raffle tickets under the name UOIT EngSoc and placed them all in the prize box for a Lifetime Membership is WESST. During the final banquet, with delegates from all CFES member schools in attendance, one of the UOIT EngSoc's tickets was drawn and the UOIT EngSoc was made an official member of WESST. The prize, along with the WESST member rules, and picture of Ryan and Glen Courtis accepting the prize was framed and hung in the UOIT EngSoc office.
Places.
OPG Engineering Building (ENG).
The Ontario Power Generation Engineering Building was opened on March 30, 2007, and is home to the Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science (FEAS). The 40,000-square-foot, three story building houses 17 state-of-the art labs and provides industry specific technology for UOIT’s engineering students. Most engineering students will attend upper year engineering labs in this building and it is also home to the office of the Dean of the Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science, FEAS academic advisers, and other FEAS academic and administrative staff.
Energy Research Centre (ERC).
The Energy Systems and Nuclear Science Research Centre was opened in August, 2011, is home to the Faculty of Energy Systems and Nuclear Science and houses a 72-seat lecture theatre, three 50-seat classrooms, two 30-seat tutorial rooms, and 12 labs. Many Engineering tutorials and labs are held in this building and it is also home to the Office of the Dean of the Faculty of Energy Systems and Nuclear Science, FESNS academic advisers, and other FESNS academic and administrative staff.
GM Automotive Centre of Excellence (ACE).
The ACE building is 16,300 square meters and is used for a full range of testing for research on campus. It is divided into two areas, a core research facility (CRF) and an integrated research and training facility (IRTF). The CRF is a heavy lab area that is used for a lifecycle testing and included the infamous wind tunnel, known to be one of the largest and sophisticated wind tunnels in the world. The IRTF is five floors used for research, education and training. It consists of offices, laboratories, conference rooms and common work areas. It was developed in partnership between UOIT, General Motors of Canada, the Partners for the Advancement of Collaborative Engineering Education (PACE), the Government of Ontario and the Government of Canada. The total cost of the facility is over $100 million.
Structure and organization.
Council members.
The UOIT Engineering Students’ Society’s Council is composed of voting and non-voting members.
Executive Council.
The Executive Council of the UOIT Engineering Students’ Society is formed by nine voting positions annually elected by the membership to oversee all general affairs of the Society. Each position is also responsible for managing different day-to-day affairs of the Society.
Chair and Director Positions.
The Directors of the UOIT Engineering Students’ Society are responsible for the organization of specific affairs of the society and the Chair positions are responsible for heading specific societal committees. Chair and Directorship Positions are non-voting members of the council. 
Membership.
All full-time undergraduate engineering students enrolled at the Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science (FEAS) or the Faculty of Energy Systems and Nuclear Science (FESNS) are Full Members of the UOIT Engineering Students’ Society and entitled to vote in its elections, referenda and General Meetings. Associate members of the UOIT EngSoc are those that have received special approval from the council. Honorary Membership may be granted to Alumni of FEAS and FESNS at UOIT and Faculty members of FEAS or FESNS at UOIT; honorary members do not receive all membership benefits. The membership is the highest authority within the Engineering Society, and decisions of the membership supersede decisions by the council.
Operations and procedures.
The Student Association at Durham College and UOIT.
The UOIT Engineering Students’ Society is officially registered under the Student Association at Durham College and UOIT, also known as the SA. UOIT EngSoc is governed by the SA policies. The governance consists of a board of directors, the SA President, VP of College Affairs, and VP of University Affairs. All faculty societies on campus work under the VP of University Affairs and most SA interaction with EngSoc is through him/her. The SA provides all students a positive academic experience by developing a sense of community and diversity on campus through the deliverance of superior advocacy, support, and services.
Governing Documents.
The UOIT Engineering Students’ Society is governed by its own governing Constitution and Policy Manual, in addition to the governing documents of the Student Association.
UOIT Engineering Students' Society - Constitution
UOIT Engineering Students' Society - Policy Manual
Events.
EngBall.
The UOIT EngBall is an annual formal dance and social get-together for all members of the UOIT Engineering Students’ Society. During this event the EngSoc Awards and The MacDougies are formally awarded to their recipient, and traditionally the election results for the following years team of executives are also announced.
Internal Engineering Competition.
This is an interactive event that gathers undergraduate engineering students at UOIT to use their skills outside the classroom to compete and advance to the Ontario Engineering Competitions. There is a senior design and junior design to ensure fair competition with lower and upper year students. They are asked to design, construct, test, and present feasible solutions to problems with limited time and materials. In 2011 this competition was judged by Professional Engineers Ontario (PEO).
Professional Development Day.
The Professional Development Day is a learning day for students to meet educators and business professionals in engineering. The Engineering Students' Society offers keynote speakers, seminars, and workshops to educate UOIT students and give them the opportunity to learn and discuss new ideas in the engineering field.
Annual General Meeting.
The entire membership (including Full Members, Associate Members, and Honorary Members) of the UOIT Engineering Students’ Society may attend, speak, and vote at the UOIT Engineering Students’ Society Annual General Meeting (AGM). AGM is an opportunity for all members of the society to discuss current and future issues pertaining to the society and the students it represents. A minimum of 5% of the total Membership is needed to reach Quorum, and proxy votes are not accepted. The AGM is chaired by the CRO.
Traditions.
Veronica.
Veronica is the symbol of any student in FEAS and FESNS at UOIT; she is the symbol of the UOIT Engineering Students' Society (UOIT EngSoc). Veronica is a graphical image with the gear with an atom. Veronica's history lies in the society’s need to have a symbol for the representation of all engineering students UOIT. The idea was originally codenamed “Vanna White,” however it was later changed to Veronica and has since been established as the symbol of all engineering students at UOIT. Veronica has also been incorporated into the UOIT Engineering Student Society’s Logo, representing as the ‘o’ in “EngSoc”.
Iron Ring.
The Iron Ring is a unique Canadian tradition. Since 1922, Canadian engineering graduates have been able to participate in The Ritual of the Calling of an Engineer, a welcoming ceremony wherein new professionals receive an iron ring. The Iron ring represents an engineers choice to obligate themselves to the highest professionalism and humility for their profession and their moral and ethical commitment. The Iron Ring is worn on the little finger of the dominant hand and it acts a reminder of an engineers obligation because as an engineer works, it symbolically rubs off on all the engineers drawings and writings. Receiving an iron ring is separate from obtaining a university degree or an engineering license from a provincial or territorial engineering association such as Professional Engineers Ontario (PEO). The Ritual is administered for UOIT engineering graduates by Camp 1 (Toronto region) of the body that oversees the Iron Ring tradition, The Corporation of the Seven Wardens Inc. All graduating engineering students at UOIT may participate in this ceremony at the end of their final year.
Lady Godiva and Godiva's Hymn.
Similarly to other engineering universities across Britain and Canada, at UOIT Lady Godiva is generally regarded as an engineering mascot and called the “Patron Saint of Engineers” or the “Goddess of Engineering.” Historically, some university engineering organisations staged an annual "Godiva Ride" in which a naked female rode a horse across campus. This practice is not held at UOIT, perhaps due to modern feminist attitudes. Godiva’s Hymn, an international engineering song, is sung by many UOIT Engineers at various events and conferences.
Collaboration with Health Sciences.
Both the university’s Engineering Students’ Society and the Health Science Council arrange and participate in events together like am annual pancake breakfast.
Services.
Mentorship Program.
There are currently over 60 volunteers signed up for this new initiative at UOIT. The Mentorship Program is offered by the UOIT Engineering Students’ Society and provides incoming students (mentee) a upper year student (mentor) to help them transition from high school to university. The mentees are provided the mentor’s contact information and can e-mail the mentor at any time to ask any questions regarding services and classes on campus, as well as to offer social and emotional support in their first year at UOIT.
Student Representation Program.
The UOIT Engineering Students’ Society Student Representatives recruited by the VP Academics and are responsible for representing students in their specific year and programs and reporting all issues facing students, academic, educational or otherwise, to the VP Academics. There are a total of 40 Student Representatives per year for both FEAS and FESNS, one for every program in each year. Upper year Student Representatives may be recruited by the VP Academics to sit on faculty academics councils. Unlike members of the council of the UOIT EngSoc, Student Representatives have no constitutional authorities other than the authorities of all members of the Membership.
Engineering Study Sessions.
Engineering Study Sessions are a service provided by the UOIT Engineering Students’ Society in cooperation with the UOIT Academic Success Centre and professors from the Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science and the Faculty of Science. Engineering Study Sessions are hosted specifically before midterms and final exams generally for 3-4 hour each. All UOIT engineering students are invited to attend these sessions and a variety of professors and teaching assistants are especially invited to teach approximately one hour long reviews in their respective subjects in order to aid engineering students in preparation for their exams. In addition, peer tutors and study skills specialists are also available to help students with questions one on one or in small groups.
Clubs and groups.
Competitions Committee.
The Competitions Committee is in charge of making and running the build competitions and the prestigious Internal Engineering Competition. The committee is for those helping to design, build, and test the ideas that are used to make our build competitions successful. The committee is chaired by the Competitions Committee Chair.
Exotic Car Club.
The UOIT Exotic Car club was made to bring together students interested in exotic cars and fabricate a UOIT based exotic car. It provide students with a chance to learn about the construction of cars. The club holds regular meetings to discuss prototypes, design specifications, assembly, and fundraising ideas. The club hopes to move into a shop and begin to construct a powerful and agile car when they acquire adequate funding.
First Year Council.
The First Year Council is responsible for promoting involvement of First Year students in Engineering Activities held throughout the year. The council is chaired by the First Year Council Chair.
GNCTR.
The Great Northern Concrete Toboggan Race (GNCTR) is an annual event that that has been held since 1974 amongst universities and technical schools from across Canada (with the odd entry from the United States and Europe). The project involves creating a toboggan with a metal frame and a running surface made completely out of concrete. The sled must weigh less than 136 kg with a braking system, a stirring system, and a roll bar to protect its five passengers. UOIT’s first took part in this race during the 2011-2012 academic year.
National Engineering Month Committee.
The National Engineering Month (NEM) Committee is responsible for making the Rube Goldberg machine that works in conjunction with the other schools involved in the Engineering Students' Society Council of Ontario (ESSCO) to make one giant Rube Goldberg Machine that has its purpose change every year. The NEM Committee also helps with doing outreach programs for high schools to get students interested in the field of Engineering.
National Society of Black Engineers.
Original Mission Statement: “The primary mission at NSBE UOIT is to improve ourselves as individuals, so we can significantly increase the amount of impact that we have on others. In creating this club, we anticipate the creation of a space which is comfortable and encourages students to flourish within this organization. We aim to encourage minorities across the surrounding communities to pursue a career in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) in an effort to cater to the current local demands for such professionals in these fields.”
Women in Engineering.
Women in Engineering is a group of male and female students at UOIT who are interested in working on understanding women's issues in engineering, preparing themselves for the professional workplace, conducting outreach activities to high school students and organizing events.
EngSoc Awards and the MacDougies.
EngSoc Awards and The MacDougies are awarded every year in recognition of the hard work and continued efforts of students, teaching assistants and professors at UOIT.
The recipients for the 2011-2012 academic year were:
The MacDougies (Named in honour of Janelle MacDougall, Ex-President of UOIT EngSoc):
Engineering conferences.
First Year Integration Conference.
The First Year Integration Conference is put on by the Engineering Student Societies Council of Ontario with the goal of getting the first year students excited and involved with the engineering society outside off of campus.
CFES Presidents Meeting.
The Canadian Federation of Engineering Students provides representation feedback on issues relevant to engineering students in Canada. The event and promotes the free exchange of ideas and experiences to support the evolution of student environments across Canada. This conference is held for more detailed discussion of issues.
National Conference on Women in Engineering.
The National Conference on Women in Engineering is help held to discuss the struggles faced by women in Engineering; including challenging the social norms of today’s society. Many successful women are currently paving the path for a more promising future for women in engineering and this conference helps explore the past and our future steps into this new revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="36581992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581992" title="Andrea Alù">
Andrea Alù

Andrea Alù (born in Roma, Italy, September 27, 1978) is an associate professor at the University of Texas who is a significant contributor to the field of novel or advanced materials research.
He has authored over 200 journal papers, 15 book chapters, 270 conference papers, and is attributed with over 3,000 citations, which includes some published research that has been cited by over 100 and over 200 others. Professionally, he is currently a member of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (since 2003), IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society (2003), IEEE Microwave Theory and Techniques Society (2003), IEEE Communications Society, the Optical Society of America (2007), and The American Association for the Advancement of Science (2007).
He has received over 25 professional honors and scientific awards. Also professionally, he is currently an editor for the peer-reviewed journal Metamaterials, and is an active (international) peer reviewer for 50 scientific journals, nine funding agencies, and engaged by the editorial offices of Wiley, IEEE Press, Cambridge University Press, CRC Press, and Prentice Hall.
Some of the scientific journals for which he peer reviews are Nature, Science Magazine, Physical Review journals (A,B,E, Letters), and includes journals produced by the American Chemical Society, the Optical Society of America, IEEE, IOP Science and others.
He is also co-inventor of three inventions in various stages of the patent process which are novel waveguides, scattering devices, optical circuits, optical circuit elements, and a cloaked sensor device.
Career biography.
Since January 2009 Alù has been an assistant professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at The University of Texas at Austin. He is part of the faculty at the Wireless Networking & Communications Group, a lab fully dedicated to communications research. He did his postdoctoral research under Professor Nader Engheta at the Fields and Waves Laboratory of the University of Pennsylvania. He received his Ph.D. of biomedical electronics, electromagnetics and telecommunications from the University of Roma Tre, in 2007.
See also.
Past artificial material researchers
Metamaterial scientists

</doc>
<doc id="36581993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36581993" title="1998 Katherine floods">
1998 Katherine floods

The 1998 Katherine floods began in January 1998 affecting the town of Katherine, Northern Territory Australia. As floodwaters continued downstream the community of Daly River was entirely inundated. The water continued to rise into early February. The floods killed three and caused widespread damage to infrastructure and local industry. The estimated damages from the flood totalled $200 million. The 1998 flood is classified as a 1 in 200 to 1 in 500-year event and is the largest flood on record to affect both Katherine and Daly River.
Background.
On 28 January, floodwaters at the community of Daly River, approximately downstream from Katherine had risen above 11.5m and would continue to rise to a peak of on 3 February as water from the catchments fed through tributaries to the Daly River. Around 400 people, the entire population of the community was evacuated by air to Batchelor and every building subject to flooding. Chief Minister Shane Stone declared Katherine, Daly River and outlying communities to be a Disaster area on 28 January.
Impact and aftermath.
During the flood emergency, the only road access between Darwin and the rest of Australia was impassable for five days. Additionally, infrastructure in Katherine was damaged, leaving the town without power for several days, interrupting telecommunications and radio broadcasts. Drainage and sewerage systems failed, leading to an outbreak of gastroenteritis. When the flood waters receded, priority was given to making critical facilities such as the hospital operational once again, with 300 additional Australian Defence Force personnel arriving to assist with the clean-up.
Through the "Appropriation (Flood Relief) Bill (1998)" the Northern Territory Government released $10 million of funds for immediate flood relief. It was estimated at this time that at least $30 million would be required for capital works reconstruction, and a similar amount to be allocated to supporting business and individuals. It was expected this amount would be met by the Commonwealth Government. The Northern Territory Government conducted studies in the area in the years following the disaster to learn how better to prepare for major flood events, and now makes flood maps and information brochures available to the public as well as other early warning systems such as flood sirens and live webcams monitoring the river.
On 30 January, Prime Minister of Australia John Howard visited Katherine, announcing measures including disaster relief payments of $1000 for each adult and $200 for each child affected by the flooding, the creation of a taskforce to investigate problems faced by those who were not insured for flooding as well as $5 million in funding for repairs and improvements to the Stuart Highway.
The economic impact of the disaster on the town of Katherine was significant. Of the estimated $200 million damages, only $70 million was insured and many local businesses were forced to close. The pastoral industry, worth over $60 million annually to the region was badly affected by the loss of whole herds of livestock to the rising waters.
A study conducted by the School for Social and Policy Research at Charles Darwin University in 2008 analysed trends in census data before and after the disaster and found that the population had not yet recovered to pre-flood levels ten years after the event, and the demographics in the town had shifted significantly.
In 2008, the Katherine Town Council submitted to Infrastructure Australia documents outlining the approximate costing and importance of relocating the town's hospital and ambulance station to a less flood-prone area following the total evacuation and inundation of both facilities during the 1998 and 2006 flood events.

</doc>
<doc id="36582008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582008" title="Saraswati Dhanwantari Dental College">
Saraswati Dhanwantari Dental College

S.D Dental College Parbhani or SD MESOC Foundation's Saraswati Dhanwantari Dental College is a dental college in Parbhani, Maharashtra affiliated to Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (M.U.H.S., Nashik).
Major Milestones.
The following are the major milestones in the institute's history.
Admission.
The admission to the institute was through the MHT-CET. However, currently, the admission to SDDC is via Asso-CET, the entrance exam conducted by the Association of Private Unaided Medical and Dental Colleges. The exam is held each year in April–June.

</doc>
<doc id="36582044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582044" title="2012–13 Melbourne Aces season">
2012–13 Melbourne Aces season

The 2012–13 Melbourne Aces season will be the third season for the team. As was the case for the previous season, the Aces will compete in the Australian Baseball League (ABL) with the other five foundation teams, and for the first time, the team will play its home games at the Melbourne Ballpark.
Offseason.
During the offseason, the Aces announced that they were moving their home games from the Royal Melbourne Showgrounds to the Melbourne Ballpark in Altona, Victoria. The Ballpark, which also hosted Melbourne-based teams in the previous incarnation of the league, will undergo significant improvements before the opening of the season, including the adjustment of fences, and the installation of an open-air beer garden.

</doc>
<doc id="36582048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582048" title="Asiedu">
Asiedu

Asiedu is both a surname and a given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="36582063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582063" title="I Megaliteres Epitihies (Marinella album)">
I Megaliteres Epitihies (Marinella album)

Marinella - I megaliteres epitihies tis (Greek: "Μαρινέλλα - Οι μεγαλύτερες επιτυχίες της"; ) is a compilation of recordings by popular Greek singer Marinella, under the Minos EMI series "I Megaliteres Epitihies (Greatest hits)". This album is part of the compilation. It was released in November, 2001 in Greece and includes 16 studio recordings by Marinella from 1988 - 1995 for the Minos EMI.

</doc>
<doc id="36582074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582074" title="Rock 'n' Roll Revival">
Rock 'n' Roll Revival

"Rock 'n' Roll Revival" is an album by the Canadian rock band Loverboy. The album features nine classic Loverboy songs re-recorded for this album by the new lineup of band members as well as three all new songs. The three new songs were recorded with Bob Rock at Bryan Adams' Warehouse Studio in Vancouver, BC.

</doc>
<doc id="36582080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582080" title="Zulfiya">
Zulfiya

Zulfiya may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36582089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582089" title="21 Hours at Munich">
21 Hours at Munich

21 Hours at Munich is a 1976 American TV movie directed by William A. Graham. It is based on the book "The Blood of Israel" by Serge Groussard and it deals with real events concerning the Munich massacre. It was broadcast by ABC November 7, 1976. Despite its TV origin, the film was released theatrically in several foreign countries.

</doc>
<doc id="36582091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582091" title="Zabirova">
Zabirova

Zabirova may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36582095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582095" title="Sakyi">
Sakyi

Sakyi is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36582113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582113" title="Women's football in Ghana">
Women's football in Ghana

Ghana is traditionally a powerhouse of African Football but the sport is believed to dying due to lack of corporate sponsorship. 
After several years the Ghana FA implemented a Ghana Women's Football League. 
Adjoa Bayor is considered one the best female players to come from Africa. 

</doc>
<doc id="36582121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582121" title="Ricardo Farro">
Ricardo Farro

Ricardo Farro (born 6 March 1985) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for Universidad San Martín in the Torneo Descentralizado, as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Farro started out his career with Alianza Lima in 2003.
In 2005 he joined newly formed Lima club Universidad San Martín. There he won his first league title winning the 2007 Torneo Descentralizado and the following year 2008 Torneo Descentralizado. He helped his side win their third title by finishing as the 2010 Torneo Descentralizado champions, making 12 league appearances and 2 in the final playoffs that season.

</doc>
<doc id="36582123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582123" title="Denis Rich">
Denis Rich

Denis Rich (born 1954) is a former Australian rules football umpire in the Australian Football League.
Rich officiated 251 senior games, including three Grand Finals - in 1990, 1992 and 1994. 
Besides umpiring football at the highest level, Rich also served a long career with the Metropolitan Fire Service (MFS). In 2006 it was reported that Rich was going to Antarctica to take up the position of Station Leader at Casey Station.

</doc>
<doc id="36582140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582140" title="Tucke Monument">
Tucke Monument

The Tucke Monument is a 46.5-foot-tall obelisk gravestone monument erected in 1914 to honor Reverend John Tucke (1702 – 1773). The monument is located on Star Island, New Hampshire, where Rev. Tucke was a minister, judge, educator, and physician. 
The Tucke Monument is the tallest gravestone in the state of New Hampshire, easily beating the twenty-eight foot-tall gravestone of Frank Jones located in Portsmouth.
Philanthropist Edward Tuck, the namesake of Dartmouth's business school, financed the monument's construction in 1914, in cooperation with the New Hampshire Historical Society. On July 29, 1914, the Historical Society organized a dedication for the monument, and published a 68-page book, memorializing the event:
It was a beautiful day, and a fresh breeze blew all the clouds inland. The steamer Nassau from Boston, specially chartered for the occasion, left Jones's wharf at ten o'clock, making the trip in an hour. Arriving at Star Island the company proceeded to the monument, which stands a short distance southeast of the quaint little stone church where candle-light services are still held as in days of yore. Everyone was impressed by the dignity and beauty of the obelisk, which stands forty-six and one-half feet high, and can be seen from ten miles out at sea. The shaft tapers in the same proportions as the monument at Bunker Hill. 
An inscription at the base of the Tucke Monument reads:
Underneath<br>
are the Remains of the<br>
REV. JOHN TUCKE, A. M.<br>
He graduated at Harvard<br>
College A. D. 1723, was ordained<br>
here July 26, 1732,<br>
and died late in august, 1773,<br>
Aet. 71.<br>
---<br>
He was affable and polite in his<br>
Manner, amiable in his disposition,<br>
of great Piety and Integrity,<br>
given to hospitality,<br>
Diligent and faithful in his<br>
pastoral office, well learned<br>
in History and Geography as<br>
well as general science, and a<br>
careful Physician both to the<br>
Bodies and the Souls<br>
of his People.<br>
Erected 1800 in memory of the Just.<br>
The inscription above is taken from<br>
the sandstone slab placed over the<br>
grave of the rev. john tucke<br>
by Dudley A. Tyng of Newburyport, Mass.<br>
---<br>
In 1914 a kinsman,<br>
EDWARD TUCK,<br>
RENEWED IN PERMANENT FORM<br>
THIS MEMORIAL. 

</doc>
<doc id="36582191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582191" title="Stefano Durazzo">
Stefano Durazzo

Stefano Durazzo (16 June 1594 - 11 July 1667) was an Italian Catholic cardinal and archbishop of Genoa.
Early life.
Durazzo was born 16 June 1594 in Multedo, Genoa, the son of Pietro Durazzo, Doge of Genoa and Aurelia Saluzzo. He was the uncle of Cardinal Marcello Durazzo. He was sent to Rome to study law.
Ecclesiastic career.
Durazzo was ordained in 1618 and was appointed referendary of the Tribunals of the Apostolic Signature of Justice and of Grace in 1621. Being from a wealthy family, Durazzo was able to purchase positions as clerk of the Apostolic Chamber between 1621 and 1623 and protonotary apostolic in 1624. He became treasurer-general of the Apostolic Chamber in 1627 and held that position until 1633 before being appointed pro-secretary of the Apostolic Chamber in 1633.
In November 1633 he was elevated to cardinal and was made cardinal-priest at the church of San Lorenzo in Panisperna early the following year.
In 1635 he was appointed archbishop of Genoa, a role he retained until his death. As archbishop of Genoa, Durazzo also conducted mercantile business in addition to his ecclesiastic work and was able to become very wealthy. Contemporary John Bargrave also suggested that he developed a reputation for spending vast sums of money on gambling and women.
Between 1640 and 1642 he was appointed legate in Bologna and Ferrara during the First War of Castro but left when Antonio Barberini arrived with papal forces, forcing papal representatives to return to Rome.
Durazzo participated in the conclave of 1644 which elected Pope Innocent X, the conclave of 1655 which elected Pope Alexander VII and the conclave of 1667 which elected Pope Clement IX.

</doc>
<doc id="36582232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582232" title="Women's football in France">
Women's football in France

The earliest known women's football match involving the French was a women's French team versus the Dick, Kerr's Ladies team from Preston, played at Goodison Park, Liverpool on Boxing Day 1920, attracted a crowd of 53,000 with another 10–15,000 reportedly turned away because the ground was full.
Although popular amongst girls many experience prejudice and discrimination.
National competition.
Division 1 Féminine is the national league in France.
National team.
Bruno Bini has done much to improve the France women's national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36582242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582242" title="Muttaikota">
Muttaikota

Muttaikota is a village in medak mandal of medak district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.

</doc>
<doc id="36582283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582283" title="The Legend of Valentino">
The Legend of Valentino

The Legend of Valentino is a 1975 American TV movie directed by Melville Shavelson. It deals with real life events about the actor and sex symbol of the 1920s Rudolph Valentino. 
It was broadcast by ABC on November 23, 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="36582326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582326" title="Bakeri Expressway">
Bakeri Expressway

Bakeri Expressway (formerly known as Asia Boulevard) is a north-south highway in the West of Tehran, Iran. It begins from the Hesarak in the north and passes other major highways like Niyayesh, Hemmat and Hakim ending in Tehran Karaj Expressway.
The length of this highway is 7 kilometers.

</doc>
<doc id="36582341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582341" title="A Fine and Private Place (film)">
A Fine and Private Place (film)

A Fine and Private Place was a proposed feature film from Paul Watson that was abandoned during filming, ostensibly due to poor weather.
Production.
Paul Watson was a documentary filmmaker who had written the script. Bryan Forbes, head of EMI Films, green lit the film and production began in Cornwall.
However the film soon fell behind schedule, forcing Forbes to visit the set. He felt the footage would not cut together and believed the first-time director was incompetent. Forbes shut down the production and fired Watson. Over the next two weeks Forbes attempted to resuscitate the project with director John Hough but he eventually decided not to proceed and the film was abandoned.
Watson subsequently went on to a highly successful career as a documentary filmmaker.

</doc>
<doc id="36582349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582349" title="Sorbonne (disambiguation)">
Sorbonne (disambiguation)

The Sorbonne is a building in the Latin Quarter of Paris. Sorbonne may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36582361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582361" title="Halady">
Halady

Halady, also spelled Haladi is a small village located in Kundapura Taluk, Udupi District, Karnataka, 22 km from Taluk Centre Kundapura. Halady village consists of Halady 76 and Halady 28, which are two portions of the village.
Etymology.
The name "Halady" derived from two Kannada words, "hal" and "adi".
History.
History of Halady can be traced to pre-historic times, with neolithic rock engravings in the nearby Gavali, Udupi village and villages like Avarse, Guddettu, Gavali, Udupi Nancharu, Sastavu near Petri etc. are included in the list of mesolithic sites found in Udupi District Neolithic stone graves are also found in Kakkunje, 3 k.m from Halady.. One Stone epigraph, erected near the Mudoori Mahalingeswara Temple which is within village limits of Halady village is dated to around 1600 CE.
Geography and climate.
Halady consists of patches of paddy fields and coconut garden imbedded in a hilly and forest terrain. This place receives heavy rain fall from June to October every year and climate is tropical.
Varahi River.
The Varahi River, also called Haladi river flows on the northern side of the village and is one of irrigation sources for river bank arecanut garden. This river, which is also called Halady river, joins the Arabian Sea near Kundapura after passing through Basrur, a historical village. Dasanakatte Hole coming from eastern side joins Varahi River near Halady and the flow in this river is greatly reduced after construction of the Mani Dam across the Varahi River, near Masthikatte.
Demographies.
Population of Halady 76 is 2,974 with 1,419 males and 1,555 females.
Economic Activity.
The main economic activity of the village is agriculture: rice, coconut, arecanut, cashew and rubber are the major products. The Halady Tile Factory, which used to manufacture Mangalore Tiles during 20th Century, now mainly produces decorative tiles and bricks.
Art and culture.
One Yakshagana troupe named "Halady Mela" is established at Halady, which plays Yakshaga dance-drama of 6 – 8 hours duration (full night) from November to May every year, in various towns and villages of Udupi district and surrounding districts.
Ancient temples.
Halady is surrounded by several ancient temples such as: 
The annual fair celebrated at Marlu Chikku Daivastana and Lakshminarasimha Temple attracts large number of people.Halady has a grama panchayat to look after the civic aminities of the village.
Halady village has a nursing home near the bus station, with moderate medical facilities.
Transportation.
Halady is well connected by all-weather road to Kundapura, Udupi, Mangalore, Hebri, Agumbe, Shimoga and Bangalore by way of Public Bus Services.
Contribution.
Halady has given two MLA's to Assembly of Karnataka.
Contribution to art,culture and literature include

</doc>
<doc id="36582377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582377" title="Driving licence in Thailand">
Driving licence in Thailand

Like many other countries, a driver's licence is required before someone can drive on any road in Thailand. Thai driver's licence is issued by the Department of Land Transport, Ministry of Transport and can be used throughout the Kingdom of Thailand and other ASEAN states.
The minimum age to drive a motor vehicle is 18 years old and 15 years old for motorcycle.
Type of driver's licence.
There are ten types of driving licence issued in Thailand. Seven main types are listed and explained below. [http://www.chiangmaidlt.go.th/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=44&Itemid=67]
Applying for a driver's licence.
Unlike most countries, there is no provisional or learner's licence in Thailand. Drivers who wish to obtain a driver's licence have to either learn through driving school or at their own risk for not having a driving licence.
Car driver's licence candidates should set aside two full days for training and testing at the Department of Transport Office.
Day 1
When ready, candidates are required to make an appointment for visual and response performance tests and a four-hour legal, road code and defensive driving sessions at their local Department of Land Transport office. After which, candidates will be required to sit written examination. The examination is done though a computerised system which is available in Thai, English, Japanese and Chinese. Other languages apart from Thai may not be available in Department of Land Transport office outside Bangkok. One resit is allowed on the same day.
Upon successful completion, candidates will be allowed to make an appointment for practical examination. The practical examination must be done within 90 days of successful written examination.
Day 2
Candidates will be taken around the examination venue where procedure will be explained. There are generally three stages of examination.
Depending on the examination venue, car rental maybe available for an additional charge of 100 Baht (approx US$3.20)
Upon successful completion, candidates will be given documents and redirected to the office where photo is taken and temporary licence is issued at the cost of 205 Baht (US$6.50). If the candidate fail to pass any part of the examination, candidate will be given a notice to redo the part he/she fail after three days but within 90 days of the last examination.
Driving outside Thailand.
On any condition, temporary driving licence is not valid outside the Kingdom of Thailand and International Driving Permit is not issued to Temporary driver's licence holder.

</doc>
<doc id="36582406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582406" title="Pala Velho">
Pala Velho

Pala Velho was a "tchê music" band (a modern version of traditional folkloric Brazilian gaucho music) from Passo Fundo, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. 
The band started out in the mid 1990s and became very popular throughout Rio Grande do Sul competing with bands in the same genre such as Tchê Barbaridade. The band briefly became successful nationally and appeared on national television. To broaden their appeal, they reworked their music to be more pop-oriented and not have as much of a gaucho sound from instruments such as the accordion. The band also changed their style by wearing normal street clothing on their album covers instead of traditional gaucho garb. The band continued to exist in the early 2000s with some new members and the original lead singer/song writer, but soon disbanded in the middle of the decade.
The band recorded under the ACIT label and later the USA Discos label, but despite their past popularity are no longer mentioned on either labels' web site.
Original band members:
Selected discography:

</doc>
<doc id="36582407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582407" title="Bektaş, Vezirköprü">
Bektaş, Vezirköprü

Bektaş is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582415" title="Antonia Lottner">
Antonia Lottner

Antonia Lottner (born 13 August 1996 in Düsseldorf-Kaiserswerth) is a German tennis player.
Lottner has won three singles and two doubles titles on the ITF tour in her career. On 23 September 2013, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 354. On 23 June 2014, she peaked at world number 196 in the doubles rankings.
Career.
2012.
Lottner started her 2012 season with the G18 G2 Slovak Junior Indoor Tournament in Bratislava. In the first round she defeated the second seed Kateřina Siniaková, but lost in the following round.

</doc>
<doc id="36582417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582417" title="Belalan, Vezirköprü">
Belalan, Vezirköprü

Belalan is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582442" title="The Pirate (1978 film)">
The Pirate (1978 film)

The Pirate is a 1978 American TV movie directed by Ken Annakin. It is based on the novel with the same title written by Harold Robbins. 
It was broadcast by ABC in two parts November 21-22, 1978. 

</doc>
<doc id="36582459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582459" title="Arcoona">
Arcoona

Arcoona or Arcoona Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station.
It is located about north east of Woomera in the outback of South Australia,
The station occupies an area of . The station was founded prior to 1880 and was owned by Mr A. M. Wooldridge in 1880. The neighbouring properties are Wirraminna to the south and Andamooka to the north.
The pastoralist James Gemmell who has been managing Mundi Mundi Station left to take over Arcoona in 1893.
The horse "Discussion" by "Light Artillery" from "Small Talk" was bought in 1906 and sent to Arcoona to stud. Richardson paid 190 guineas for the sire.
It was sold in 1909 by Messrs. Richardson and Gemmell to Mr J. E. Pick of Terowie. At the time the station was stocked with 12,000 sheep, 600 cattle, 250 horses and 7 camels.
Although Arcoona has an arid climate it is occasionally inundated with rain, in 1919 Mr J. H. Mules reported of rain falling and the lake "filling fast", and again on New Years Day in 1921 of rain fell.
Pick sold Arcoona in 1920 and bought Coondambo Station in May 1920 for £37,200.
The station was restocked in 1930 with 2,000 ewes being delivered from the Matakanna district.
Following a great season in 1938 the percentage of lambing was excellent with 6,637 lambs produced from 6,977 ewes.
The 1942 season was fairly dry but some patchy rains provided enough feed for the sheep to graze on but not enough to fill any surface tanks. At this time the station was owned by Arcoona Pastoral Co. of which Mr. R. J. McEwin was a partner.
During the drought of 1944-1945 stock numbers were very low.
The station was sold once again in 1947, for an undisclosed price believed to be in excess of £75,000 on account of J. E. Pick to Kidman Estates of Adelaide. At the time the area of the property was and had an estimated flock of 25,000 sheep. The station had also received heavier than normal rainfall over the last year and all the creeks were flowing and lakes were full to capacity.
In 2003 the station was selected by the then federal Science Minister, Peter McGauran, as a low level nuclear waste dump. The site was chosen as it had better security, a less environmentally sensitive access route and more saline water which has no pastoral use. About of radioactive waste generated each year in Australia would be stored in an underground repository. The plan was abandoned in 2004, following legal action from the then owners, the Polke family, as well as opposition from the state government and traditional owners.
In 2008 the property was acquired by the Handbury family who also owned Collinsville Station. The property occupied an area of and was managed by Andrew Willis. The property was running a flock of about 20,000 sheep as well as 100 shorthorn cattle.

</doc>
<doc id="36582473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582473" title="Tainton">
Tainton

Tainton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36582498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582498" title="Women's football in the Netherlands">
Women's football in the Netherlands

Women's football in the Netherlands has traditionally had a low profile and female players had to play abroad.
In 2012, the KNVB and its Belgian counterpart, the KBVB/URBSFA, created a new top league for both countries, the BeNe League. From the Dutch perspective, the move was intended to improve the Netherlands women's national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36582500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582500" title="Abraham Nitzan">
Abraham Nitzan

Abraham Nitzan (Hebrew: אברהם ניצן, b. Tel Aviv, 1944) is a professor of Chemistry at the Tel Aviv University department of Chemical Physics.
Education.
Abraham Nitzan received his bachelor's degree in Chemistry from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem in 1964, and his master's degree in physical chemistry from the same institute in 1966. His research towards the master degree, on the radiation chemistry of aqueous solutions, was supervised by Gideon Czapski. During the period 1966-1969 he served in the Israel Defense Forces and in 1972 completed his Ph.D. studies at Tel Aviv University under the supervision of Joshua Jortner. His thesis focused on the theory of non-radiative transitions in large molecules.
Professional career.
In the years 1972-1974, Nitzan worked as a research fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The following year he stayed at Northwestern University, after which he returned to Israel and joined the faculty of the chemistry department of Tel Aviv University. In 1981 he was promoted to the rank of professor. Between 1983 and 1986 he served as head of the School of Chemistry, developing study programs integrating the study of Chemistry with other subjects, and in the period 1995-1998 he served as dean of the Faculty of Exact Sciences. Among his academic duties, he served as head of the faculty teaching committee, member of the university promotions committee, and Senate representative in the central committee and board of trustees. He was also a member of the Ministry of Education topical committee on Chemistry. Current to 2012, Nitzan directs the Advanced Studies Institute at Tel Aviv University. Apart from his being a professor and visiting researcher at universities around the world, Nitzan was a member of the editorial boards of the scientific journals "Physical Review Letters", "Journal of Chemical Physics", "Journal of Physical Chemistry", and "Computational and Theoretical Nanoscience".
Research.
Nitzan's field of research is chemical dynamics, which studies the dynamics of chemical processes on the microscopic level. In particular, his studies deal with processes involving interactions between light and matter, chemical reactions in condensed phases and chemical processes at interfaces. His early research (1970-1980) has focused on energy transfer processes in molecular systems. This was followed (1980-1990) a series of works (with Joel Gersten) on surface enhanced optical process that later led to the development of the field of molecular plasmonics, as well as works on activated rate processes and charge transfer in complex molecular environments. Later work has focused on electron solvation, transfer and transport in molecular environment and at interfaces, culminated in a series of studies (with Mark Ratner, Michael Galperin, Dvira Segal and others) on molecular electronics. By 2012, he has published 350 scientific articles, and his work has been presented in dozens of international conferences. He was ranked as one of the hundred top chemists in the world between 2000 and 2010, as ranked by the impact of their scientific research, by Science Watch.
Honors and awards.
Nitzan is a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities, a fellow of American Association for the Advancement of Science and of the American Physical Society, and a foreign honorary member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. He received an Honorary Doctorate (Doctor Honoris Causa) from the University of Konstanz in 2010.
Apart from these, his work has earned him many awards, some of which are:

</doc>
<doc id="36582520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582520" title="Renee Spearman">
Renee Spearman

Renee Spearman (born March 3, 1969 in Lynwood, CA) is a gospel recording artist, singer, songwriter and producer. 
As a child, Spearman was involved heavily in the music department at her church where her father, Ernest Spearman, pastored. 
She has worked on a number of different albums with a variety of different artists including: Gladys Knight in "At Last" in 2001 and Yolanda Adams in "The Experience" in 2002.
In her own recordings she has worked with: Dr. Bobby Jones of BET, Byron Cage, Beverly Crawford, DJ Rogers and Paul Jackson Jr. of the The Tonight Show with Jay Leno band.
Spearman is a 2010 Stellar Award nominee and in 2008 her album "He Changed Me" reached #13 on the Billboard Gospel Charts.
Her latest album is called "Whoa to Wow" and was released September 25, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36582534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582534" title="Searching for Sugar Man">
Searching for Sugar Man

Searching for Sugar Man is a 2012 Swedish–British documentary film directed by Malik Bendjelloul, which details the efforts of two Cape Town fans in the late 1990s, Stephen 'Sugar' Segerman and Craig Bartholomew Strydom, to find out whether the rumoured death of American musician Sixto Rodriguez was true, and, if not, to discover what had become of him. Rodriguez's music, which never took off in the United States, had become wildly popular in South Africa, but little was known about him there.
On 10 February 2013, the film won the BAFTA Award for Best Documentary at the 66th British Academy Film Awards in London, and two weeks later it won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 85th Academy Awards in Hollywood.
Production.
Initially using Super 8 film to record stylised shots for the movie, director Malik Bendjelloul ran out of money for more film to record the final few shots. After three years of cutting room work the main financial backers of the movie threatened to withdraw funding to finish the movie. He resorted to filming the remaining stylised shots on his smartphone using an iPhone app called 8mm Vintage Camera to complete the film.
Release.
"Searching for Sugar Man" was the opening film at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2012, where it won the Special Jury Prize and the Audience Award for best international documentary. It was released in the United Kingdom on 26 July 2012, and had a limited release (New York and Los Angeles) in the United States the following day.
"Searching for Sugar Man" performed very well during its theatrical release, earning $3,696,196 at the US box office (47th of all US docs on Box Office Mojo).
Reception.
Critical response.
"Searching for Sugar Man" has received widespread critical acclaim. As of May 2014, the film holds a 95% "Certified Fresh" rating on the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, with an average score of 8/10, based on reviews from 117 critics.
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film a glowing four-star review, writing "I hope you're able to see this film...and yes, it exists because we need for it to." "The New York Times" critic Manohla Dargis also wrote a positive review, calling the film "... a hugely appealing documentary about fans, faith and an enigmatic Age of Aquarius musician who burned bright and hopeful before disappearing." Critic Dargis subsequently named "Searching for Sugar Man" one of the 10 best films of 2012.
Omissions.
The film's narrative omits that Rodriguez was also very successful in Australia in the 1970s and became aware of it enough to tour there extensively in 1979 and 1981. Some critics have taken issue with this, calling it "myth-making". However, the film focuses on his mysterious reputation in South Africa, and the attempts of music historians there to track him down in the mid-1990s. South Africans, and especially the main protagonists, were unaware of his Australian success due to the harsh censorship enacted by the apartheid regime coupled with international sanctions that made any communication with the outside world on the subject of banned artists virtually impossible.
Awards and nominations.
The film was also the recipient of the Australian Film Critic's Association award for Best Documentary of 2012, beating locally produced musical documentary "All The Way Through Evening".
Soundtrack.
"Searching for Sugar Man" is a 2012 soundtrack album from the documentary containing a compilation of songs by Rodriguez from his two studio albums. In Sweden, it reached #3 in early 2013 when the Academy Award nomination was announced, and had been in the charts for 26 weeks by the time it received the award in February 2013; in Denmark it reached #18; and in New Zealand it reached #24.

</doc>
<doc id="36582545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582545" title="24K (radio show)">
24K (radio show)

24K Weekend (formerly 24K Saturday, 24K Friday & 24K Experience) was a weekly radio show of 99.5 RT featuring 70s, 80s & 90s.
Background.
In 1989, 99.5 RT's 24K began as 24K Saturday, as an answer to Magic 89.9's Friday Magic Madness, to avoid competition with the latter. Unlike Madness, 24K also plays hits they played first since RT's inception. Sooner, around 1995, 24K gained popularity, it moved to Friday as "24K Friday", in order to compete with Madness. In 2004, 24K was put off the air for some reasons. However, due to popular demand, less than a year, it was back on the air. 24K was last heard on December 15, 2006, following RT's last broadcast two days latter. However, it continued until December 29, without stingers.
In September 2007, 99.5 Hit FM revived "24K Friday", but this time playing only late 70s & 80s every Fridays. However, it only lasted until November 7, 2007, when 24K was replaced with No. 1 Hit Weekend (which began airing a week after 24K's revival & played only 90s). In January 2008, Hit revived once again the 24K brand as 24K Experience, but this time playing 70s & 80s every Sunday afternoons. It lasted until March 16, 2008, before Hit FM rebranded to Campus FM.
Last September 2008, the reincarnated 99.5 RT revived the 24K brand as 24K Weekend, but this time playing only late 70s, 80s & 90s, with programs featuring different genres. It expanded to 2 days beginning from Saturday 6am - Sunday 12mn, based from Campus FM's Campus Classic Weekend. In May 2011, management decided to reduce 24K's programming to only Saturday, thinking that other stations are playing oldies on a Sunday, nowadays similar to the initial 24K.
24K Weekend had its last broadcast last December 8, 2012, 2 days before RT rebranded as Play FM. New Wave Xtra extended for an hour.
24K Friday on Mix FM.
From 2007 to 2013, 105.9 Mix FM in Davao City used to have program called "24K Friday". It only plays 80s & 90s music. It had its last broadcast last February 22, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36582553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582553" title="Operation Neuland">
Operation Neuland

Operation Neuland (New Land) was the Kriegsmarine code name for the extension of unrestricted submarine warfare into the Caribbean Sea during World War II. U-boats demonstrated range to disrupt United Kingdom petroleum supplies and United States aluminum supplies which had not been anticipated by Allied pre-war planning. Although the area remained vulnerable to submarines for several months, U-boats never again enjoyed the opportunities for success resulting from the surprise achieved by the submarines participating in this operation.
Background.
The Caribbean was strategically significant because of Venezuelan oil fields in the southeast and the Panama Canal in the southwest.The oil refinery on Dutch-owned Aruba, processing seven million barrels per month, was the largest in the world; the refinery at Pointe-à-Pierre on Trinidad was the largest in the British Empire; and there was another large refinery on Dutch-owned Curaçao. The British Isles required four oil tankers of petroleum daily during the early war years, and most of it came from Venezuela after Italy blocked passage through the Mediterranean Sea from the Middle East.
The Caribbean held additional strategic significance to the United States. The southern United States Gulf of Mexico coastline, including petroleum facilities and Mississippi River trade, could be defended at two points. The United States was well positioned to defend the Straits of Florida but was less able to prevent access from the Caribbean through the Yucatán Channel. Bauxite was the preferred ore for aluminum, and one of the few strategic raw materials not available within the continental United States. United States military aircraft production depended upon bauxite imported from the Guianas along shipping routes paralleling the Lesser Antilles.
United States Navy VP-51 Consolidated PBY Catalinas began neutrality patrols along the Lesser Antillies from San Juan, Puerto Rico on 13 September 1939. The United Kingdom had established military bases on Trinidad; and British troops occupied Aruba and Curaçao soon after the Netherlands were captured by Nazi Germany. The French island of Martinique was perceived as a possible base for Axis ships as British relationships with Vichy France deteriorated following the Second Armistice at Compiègne. The September 1940 Destroyers for Bases Agreement enabled the United States to build bases in British Guiana, and on the islands of Great Exuma, Jamaica, Antigua, Saint Lucia and Trinidad.
Concept.
Declaration of war on 8 December 1941 removed United States neutrality assertions which had previously protected trade shipping in the Western Atlantic. The relatively ineffective anti-submarine warfare (ASW) measures along the United States Atlantic coast observed by U-boats participating in Operation Paukenschlag encouraged utilizing the range of German Type IX submarines to explore conditions in what had previously been the southern portion of a declared Pan American neutrality zone. A 15 January 1942 meeting in Lorient included former Hamburg America Line captains with Caribbean experience to brief commanding officers of , , , and about conditions in the area. The first three U-boats sailed on 19 January with orders to simultaneously attack Dutch refinery facilities on 16 February. "U-161" sailed on 24 January to attack Trinidad, and "U-129" followed on 26 January. sailed on 2 February to patrol the Windward Passage between Cuba and Hispaniola; and five large Italian submarines sailed from Bordeaux to patrol the Atlantic side of the Lesser Antilles. These eleven submarines would patrol independently to disperse Allied ASW resources until exhaustion of food, fuel or torpedoes required them to return to France.
Implementation.
"U-156".
The second patrol of "U-156" was under the command of Werner Hartenstein. In coordination with the attack on Willemstad "U-156" moved into Aruba's San Nicolaas harbor shortly after midnight on 16 February 1942 to torpedo three tankers. "U-156" withdrew from the harbor as the damaged tankers spilled burning fuel, but returned that evening to shell the refinery. A nervous gunner failed to remove the tampion from the muzzle of the 10.5 cm SK C/32 naval gun, and the first shell detonated within the barrel. One gunner was killed, another seriously injured, and the muzzle of the gun barrel was splayed open. The injured crewman was put ashore in Martinique where he recovered after one leg was amputated. The crew used hacksaws to shorten the damaged gun barrel by 40 centimeters, and used the sawed-off gun to sink two ships encountered after all torpedoes had been expended sinking two other ships. "U-156" started home on 28 February 1942.
"U-67".
The third patrol of "U-67" was under the command of Günther Müller-Stöckheim. In coordination with the attack on Aruba "U-67" moved into Curaçao's Willemstad harbor shortly after midnight on 16 February to launch six torpedoes at three anchored tankers. The four bow torpedoes hit, but failed to explode. The two torpedoes from the stern tubes were effective on the third tanker.
"U-502".
The third patrol of "U-502" was under the command of Jürgen Von Rosensteil. In coordination with the attacks on Aruba and Willemstad, "U-502" waited to ambush shallow draft Lake Maracaibo crude oil tankers en route to the refineries. After three tankers were reported missing, the Chinese crews of surviving tankers refused to sail; and Associated Press broadcast a report that tanker traffic had been halted in the area. "U-502" moved north and started home via the Windward Passage after launching its last torpedoes on 23 February.
"U-161".
The second patrol of "U-161" was under the command of Albrecht Achilles. Achilles and his first watch officer Bender had both visited Trinidad while employed by Hamburg America Line before the war. "U-161" entered Trinidad's Gulf of Paria harbor at periscope depth during daylight through a deep, narrow passage or "Boca". An electronic submarine detection system registered its passage at 0930 on 18 February 1942, but the signal was dismissed as caused by a patrol boat. After spending the day resting on the bottom of the harbor, "U-161" surfaced after dark to torpedo two anchored ships. "U-161" then left the gulf with decks awash and running lights illuminated to resemble one of the harbor small craft; and then moved off to the northwest before returning to sink a ship outside the "Boca". After sunset on 10 March 1942 "U-161" silently entered the shallow, narrow entrance of Castries harbor surfaced on electric motors to torpedo two freighters at dockside; and then raced out under fire from machine guns. The two freighters had just arrived with supplies to construct the new US base; and the harbor previously considered immune to submarine attack was later fitted with an anti-submarine net. "U-161" started home on 11 March 1942.
"Luigi Torelli".
"Luigi Torelli" under the command of Antonio de Giacomo sank two ships.
"U-129".
Under the command of Nicolai Clausen "U-129" spent its fourth patrol intercepting bauxite freighters southeast of Trinidad. The unexpected sinkings caused a temporary halt to merchant ship sailings. The Allies broadcast suggested routes for unescorted merchant ships to follow when sailings resumed. The U-boats received the broadcast and were waiting at the suggested locations.
"Leonardo da Vinci".
"Leonardo da Vinci" under the command of Luigi Longanesi-Cattani sank one Allied ship and the neutral Brazilian freighter "Cabadelo". There were no survivors from the Brazilian ship, and the sinking was not revealed.
"U-126".
"U-126" patrolled the Windward Passage under the command of Ernst Bauer.
"Enrico Tazzoli".
The large 1,331-ton "Enrico Tazzoli" under the command of Carlo Fecia di Cossato sank six ships.
"Giuseppe Finzi".
The large 1,331-ton "Giuseppe Finzi" under the command of Ugo Giudice sank three ships.
"Morosini".
Marcello class submarine "Morosini" under the command of Athos Fraternale sank three ships.
Results.
The Aruba refinery was within deck gun range of deep water. "Großadmiral" Erich Raeder would have preferred shelling the refinery as the opening action of Operation Neuland. On the basis of experience with the relative damage caused by deck guns in comparison to torpedoes, U-boat officers chose to begin by torpedoing tankers to cause large fires of spreading oil. Results of the initial attacks on Aruba and Curaçao were diminished by weapon failures; and subsequent attempts to shell the Aruba refinery were discouraged by defensive fire from larger numbers of larger caliber coastal artillery and patrols by alerted aircraft and submarine chasers.
An important link in petroleum product transport from Venezuelan oil fields was a fleet of small tankers designed to reach the wells in shallow Lake Maracaibo and transport crude oil to the refineries. Approximately ten percent of these tankers were destroyed on the first day of Operation "Neuland". Surviving tankers were temporarily immobilized when their Chinese crews mutinied and refused to sail without ASW escort. Refinery output declined while the mutineers were jailed until sailings could resume.
Torpedoing ships within defended harbors was relatively unusual through the battle of the Atlantic. U-boats more commonly deployed mines to permit a stealthy exit. Although results were perceived as less significant, the difficulty of attacks in the Gulf of Paria and Castries by "U-161" was comparable to Günther Prien's penetration of Scapa Flow.
Patrol of the Windward Passage by "U-126" was well timed to exploit dispersion of ASW forces north and south. "U-126" sank some ships within sight of Guantanamo Bay Naval Base.
Operation "Neuland" and Operation "Paukenschlag" were opened with similar numbers of U-boats; but the effectiveness of "Neuland" was enhanced by coordination with Italian submarines. The level of success by Italian submarines against a concentration of undefended ships sailing independently was seldom repeated and marked a high point of effective Axis cooperation in the battle of the Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="36582568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582568" title="Sarah B. Askew">
Sarah B. Askew

Sarah B. Askew (1863-1942) was a prominent American librarian during the first half of the 20th century, working for (and eventually leading) the New Jersey Public Library Commission for 37 years.
The New Jersey Public Library Commission hired Askew on January 1, 1905, assigning her to travel among the state's libraries to introduce them to modern library practice and to set up a summer training program for New Jersey librarians. Askew worked for the commission until her death.
Askew resided in Trenton, New Jersey.
Honors.
In 1951, "Library Journal" named Askew to its Library Hall of Fame. The New Jersey Library Association awards an annual scholarship in Askew's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="36582569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582569" title="Scyllaea">
Scyllaea

Scyllaea is a genus of nudibranchs. They are marine gastropod molluscs in the family Scyllaeidae. 
The slugs live on floating algae like "Sargassum", where they have the same color and shape as the alga and can hardly be seen by predators. They feed on hydrozoa growing on the alga.
Species.
Species in the genus "Scyllaea" include

</doc>
<doc id="36582607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582607" title="Women's football in Saudi Arabia">
Women's football in Saudi Arabia

Women's football is mainly played by the affluent indoors. This is mainly due to the heavy legal restrictions by the government.
In 2012 the government allowed women to attend games in segregated parts of the stadium.
Background and development.
The national federation was created in 1956 and became a FIFA affiliate in 1956. However women's football is not included in the country's FIFA coordinated Goals! project. By 2011, inside the Saudi Arabia Football Federation, there has been an effort to create women's football programs at universities. Input had been sought on how to do this from other national federations including ones from the United States, Germany, Brazil and the United Kingdom. On the men's side of the game, the national federation has funded efforts to improve the quality of the Saudi Arabia men's national football team.
Founded in 2006, King's United women football club was the first women's football club in the country. In 2009, they trained in Jeddah. The team was initially sponsored by Prince Alwaleed bin Talal but facing scrutiny in the face of intense media coverage, he withdrew his support in 2009. In 2012, the team trained three times a week outside the sight of men, with players wearing traditional football kit of short sleeved shirts and shorts. The team is coached by Reema Abdullah who also is the team's striker. It has 35 players who range in age from 13 to 35. Other women's teams have been created in the country in cities like Riyadh and Dammam and a tournament was held in 2008, with seven teams competing and the event being won by King's United. The first match between two female teams in the country occurred in January 2008 when the Prince Mohammad bin Fahd University team beat Al-Yamamah College in a match played at Dammam's 35,000-spectator capacity Prince Mohamed bin Fahd Stadium in a shootout victory before an all-women audience. The player of the match was Al-Yamamah College's goalkeeper. In March 2009, a women's charity football match was held between a team called "University" and a team called "Barcelona" that was attended by 400 female fans and no men. The game was won 2–1 by University and earned SR81,000 ($21,598) to go towards people with disabilities in the eastern part of the kingdom.
, no data was available for the number of women's football players in the country. In 2006, there was international uproar when Saudi authorities sought to prevent women from attending a game between the Saudi Arabia national football team and the Sweden national football team. In 2008, the situation for women's football in the Middle East was said by author Gary Brecher to be up there in popularity of freedom and democracy in the region. An all-women's school sporting competition was held at Effat University in 2010. The tournament was investigated by Saudi authorities because, according to Ahmed al-Zahrani, director of the Girls Education Department in Jeddah, the country does not have "any regulations that say that it's okay for girl schools to hold sports classes or training". In 2011, women's football was seen as a way to combat a growing problem of obesity in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="36582610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582610" title="Gavali, Udupi">
Gavali, Udupi

"(Not to be consufed with Gavali, Karnataka, a village in Belgaum District.)"
Gavali is a village located in Kundapura Taluk, Udupi District, Karnataka, India where pre-historic rock drawings are found.
Location.
Gavali is a small village located on Udupi-Bidkalkatte state Highway and in Kundapura Taluk. Otherwise, an ordinary village of similar types, it has drawn attention because of rock engravings found there.
Rock drawings.
Rock drawings found at Gavali is in the form of engraving on a rock. Picture of a Humped Bull in line drawing is engraved on a rock and this line drawing is further extended to Rangoli drawings. Similar engraved drawings on rocks are found at Hire Benakal, Chick Rampur in Bellary district, Sonda in Uttara Kannada District.
Stone age weapons.
Stone tools in the form of single sided weapon and a sandstone weapon, belonging to new stone age period were found at this location. Weapons are made of dolorite stone and having fine surface and resemble spear.
Period.
The stone age site identified on a hillock 250 feet above sea level is dated c.800-600 BCE by noted historian Dr.A.Sundara and the rock engravings are dated c.2500 BCE and stone weapons found at this site are dated c.2000-1500 BCE.
Mesolithic.
Pre-historic site of Gavali is included in the list of mesolithic sites found in Udupi District such as Avarse, Masikere, Guddettu, Kolanakallu, Nancharu, Sastavu near Petri etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36582625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582625" title="Logan West">
Logan West

Logan West (born June 20, 1994) is an American beauty queen who competed and won a title in the Miss United States system, won Miss Connecticut's Outstanding Teen, and was later crowned Miss Teen USA 2012. West was the first contestant from the state of Connecticut to win the title.
Miss Connecticut's Outstanding Teen.
Logan West held the Miss Connecticut's Outstanding Teen 2010 title and competed in Miss America's Outstanding Teen 2010. She did not place, but she did win an evening gown award.
Miss Connecticut Teen USA.
Logan West won the Miss Connecticut Teen USA 2012 pageant in late 2011. This was her first attempt at the title.
Miss Teen USA 2012.
Logan West won the Miss Teen USA 2012 pageant on July 28, 2012, becoming the first contestant from the state of Connecticut to win the Miss Teen USA title. West told media that she had suffered from bullying at school during seventh grade. She was told by a classmate that she "didn't act her skin color" and was "tortured and humiliated for six months," until she started an anti-bullying program and also got the girl who had bullied her removed from her school. West's anti-bullying program is now used in most schools in the state of Connecticut's school-system.

</doc>
<doc id="36582628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582628" title="Clemens Rapp">
Clemens Rapp

Clemens Andreas Rapp (born 14 July 1989) is a German swimmer. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 200 m freestyle, finishing in 24th place in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals. His team was placed fourth in the 4×200 m freestyle relay.
He won a silver and a gold medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the European championships in 2010 and 2012, respectively.
He was born to Manfred and Doris Rapp and has a sister Magdalena and a brother Matthias.

</doc>
<doc id="36582630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582630" title="Glenn Surgeloose">
Glenn Surgeloose

Glenn Surgeloose (born September 4, 1989 in Ghent) is a Belgian swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events. He collected a bronze medal in the 200 m freestyle at the 2007 European Junior Swimming Championships in Antwerp, Belgium. Surgeloose is a member of Brabo Antwerp, and is coached and trained by Ronald Gaastra.
Surgeloose made his official debut, as a member of the Belgian team, at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he qualified for the men's 200 m freestyle. He cleared a FINA B-standard entry time of 1:49.36 from the Mare Nostrum Barcelona International Trophy in Spain. He cruised to seventh place and thirtieth overall in heat five by a tenth of a second (0.10) behind Greece's Andreas Zisimos in 1:48.92.
At the 2010 European Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary, Surgeloose broke a new long-course Belgian record of 1:48.29 to round out the finale in the 200 m freestyle. Surgeloose's personal best and overhauling effort in the final propelled him up to the top 25 world rankings.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Surgeloose extended his program by qualifying for two swimming events. For the second time, he posted a FINA B-cut of 1:48.96 (200 m freestyle) from the World Championships in Shanghai, China. In the 200 m freestyle, Surgeloose challenged seven other swimmers on the third heat, including three-time Olympian Tiago Venâncio of Portugal and semifinalist Nimrod Shapira Bar-Or of Israel. He raced to fourth place by six hundredths of a second (0.06) behind Venezuela's Cristian Quintero in his personal textile best of 1:48.77. Surgeloose failed to advance into the semifinals, as he placed twenty-fifth overall in the preliminaries. Surgeloose also placed twelfth as a member of the Belgian team in the 4×200 m freestyle relay. Teaming with Pieter Timmers, Dieter Dekoninck, and Louis Croenen, Surgeloose swam the second leg with a split of 1:48.22 to set a Belgian record of 7:14.44 in the heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36582633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582633" title="Dion Dreesens">
Dion Dreesens

Dion Dreesens (born 30 April 1993, Venray) is a Dutch swimmer. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 200 metre freestyle, finishing in 27th place in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36582634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582634" title="Sweet Country">
Sweet Country

Sweet Country is a 1987 American drama film directed by Michael Cacoyannis. 
It is based on the 1979 novel with the same name by Caroline Richards and it is set in Chile during the military takeover of 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="36582637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582637" title="Ahmed Mathlouthi">
Ahmed Mathlouthi

Ahmed Mathlouthi is a Tunisian swimmer. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 200 metre freestyle, finishing in 30th place in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36582638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582638" title="Beşpınar, Vezirköprü">
Beşpınar, Vezirköprü

Beşpınar is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582639" title="Howard Riley (footballer)">
Howard Riley (footballer)

Howard Riley (born 18 August 1938) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Barrow, Leicester City and Walsall.

</doc>
<doc id="36582641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582641" title="Sebastián Jahnsen Madico">
Sebastián Jahnsen Madico

Sebastián Jahnsen Madico (born 8 September 1990) is a Peruvian swimmer. He was born in Lima. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 200 metre freestyle, finishing 34th fastest in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals. He also competed in the 50 metre and 100 metre events at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36582642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582642" title="Nicholas Schwab">
Nicholas Schwab

Nicholas Schwab Alfaro (born 24 August 1990) is a Dominican swimmer. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 200 metre freestyle, finishing in 37th place in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36582649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582649" title="Raúl Martínez Colomer">
Raúl Martínez Colomer

Raúl Martínez Colomer is a Puerto Rican swimmer. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 200 metre freestyle, finishing in 38th place in the heats, failing to qualify for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36582652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582652" title="Yuan Shuai (actor)">
Yuan Shuai (actor)

Yuan Shuai () is a Chinese actor and host currently based in Singapore.
Career.
Yuan came to prominence after winning MediaCorp's "U Are the One" in 2008, a talent search for Channel U's Fresh Face of the Year. He signed with MediaCorp as a full-time artiste and was given his first hosting roles. He also began acting minor roles in various TV dramas before landing roles in major productions such as "Rescue 995" and "Unriddle 2".
He graduated with a diploma in theatre studies from Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="36582654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582654" title="Lennart Lindegren">
Lennart Lindegren

Lennart Lindegren is a member of the staff at Lund Observatory, Sweden, where he obtained his PhD in 1980. Space astrometry and its various applications have been his main interests in astronomy ever since 1976, when he was `recruited' to the Hipparcos project by Erik Høg. In 1990 he took over from Erik as leader of the Northern Data Analysis Consortium (NDAC) for the reduction of the Hipparcos data. As one of the early proposers of the Gaia concept, and subsequently as member of the Gaia Science Team, he has contributed to many aspects of this mission, in particular the astrometric instrument design and accuracy analysis, and the development of concepts and algorithms for the data analysis.
Within the Gaia Data Processing and Analysis Consortium (DPAC), Lindegren leads the scientific implementation of the Astrometric Global Iterative Solution, a core element in the astrometric processing of the Gaia data. Since October 2006, he is also project coordinator for the Marie Curie Research Training Network ELSA (European Leadership in Space Astrometry). The aims of this network are to develop the science of space astrometry and train the next generation of researchers in this area.
On 19 May 1999, Lindegren was awarded the ESA's Director of Science Medal for his extraordinary efforts in ESA's scientific missions. At a ceremony in Bern, Switzerland, the first four medals were presented to "stars" of the Hipparcos mission, Catherine Turon and Jean Kovalevsky from France, Lennart Lindegren from Sweden and Erik Høg from Denmark.
In 2009, Lindegren was elected as a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Testimonials.
Eric Høg: ""Lennart Lindegren has played a crucial role in the Hipparcos project ever since he entered the scene of space astrometry in September 1976. This is an account of what I saw during Lennart’s first years in astrometry after I met him in 1976 when he was a young student in Lund"".
Eric Høg: ""A new era of my life began on 1 September 1973 when I returned to Denmark with my family of five, after 15 years in Hamburg. I had obtained a tenure at the Copenhagen University where I was going to work on the construction of automatic control of the meridian circle in Brorfelde. Very soon, however, I heard of a young student at Lund Observatory who worked alone on modernizing the old meridian circle there. I went to Lund and “found” Lennart. A few years later, Andrew Murray, my old colleague and member of the Hipparcos science team, would say: “Erik, the best you have ever done for astronomy was to find Lennart!” and I agreed"".
Eric Høg: ""Of his numerous papers I will only mention two. He wrote a paper on “Photoelectric astrometry” (Lindegren 1978), a subject I had proposed, where he systematically discussed the performance of methods for precise image location from observations. It remains a classical paper. The second paper to mention is about the rigidity of the celestial coordinate system obtained by the one-dimensional observations in a scanning satellite as TYCHO/Option A/Hipparcos. The question was asked in 1976 as mentioned above, but it took years before we had the answer which was affirmative as given by Høyer et al. (1981). The study was led by Lennart and contains his brilliant mathematical analysis of the simulations, but he modestly left the position as first author to another person"".

</doc>
<doc id="36582655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582655" title="Mathieu Marquet">
Mathieu Marquet

Mathieu Gilles Marquet (born 11 January 1994) is a Mauritian swimmer.
Career.
Marquet first competed for Mauritius at the 2009 World Championships in Rome, where he finished 79th in the 200 metre backstroke in 2:29.91, 89th in the 400 metre freestyle in 4:32.36, 90th in the 200 metre individual medley in 2:25.76, 106th in the 100 metre backstroke in 1:07.26, 112th in the 50 metre backstroke in 31.18, 122nd in the 200 metre freestyle in 2:06.44 and with Jean Hugues Gregoire, Ronny Vencatachellum and Jean Marie Froget finished 36th in the 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay.
At the 2011 World Championships in Shanghai, Marquet finished 57th in the 200 metre freestyle in 2:02.41.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Marquet finished 39th in the 200 metre freestyle in 1:58.91.
At the 2012 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Istanbul, Marquet finished 65th in the 200 metre freestyle in 1:57.07, 94th in the 100 metre freestyle in 53.54 and was disqualified in the 200 metre individual medley.
At the 2013 World Championships in Barcelona, Marquet finished 38th in the 50 metre backstroke in 28.54 and 56th in the 200 metre freestyle in 1:57.48. 

</doc>
<doc id="36582671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582671" title="AFL on TNN">
AFL on TNN

The AFL on TNN is a TV program from TNN Sports that showed Arena Football League games on The National Network (now Spike) from the 2000 season through 2003.
Background.
The year 2000 brought a heightened interest in the AFL. Then-St. Louis Rams quarterback Kurt Warner, who was MVP of Super Bowl XXXIV, was first noticed because he played quarterback for the AFL's Iowa Barnstormers. While many sports commentators and fans continued to ridicule the league, Warner's story gave the league positive exposure, and it brought the league a new television deal with TNN, who, unlike ESPN (which aired tape-delayed games, often well after midnight), would televise regular season games live on Sunday afternoons. While it was not financially lucrative, it helped set the stage for what the league would become in the new millennium. 
TNN's football coverage in general ended when the XFL folded after just one season in 2001 and Arena Football League games moved to NBC beginning with the 2003 season. The loss of Arena football, the XFL, and motorsports coverage, as well as the network being rebranded to Spike TV, resulted in the end of TNN Sports in 2003.
ArenaCup coverage.
The year 2000 also brought a spin-off league, the af2, intended to be a developmental league, comparable to the National Football League's NFL Europe. For the 2000 and 2001 ArenaCups, the game was televised nationally by TNN, who carried AFL games at the time. However, when the AFL announced their televised games would be shown on NBC rather than TNN, the ArenaCup telecast was lost. The 2002 ArenaCup was televised by the Vision Network, and the 2003 game was televised by KWHB, a local station in Tulsa, Oklahoma. After having no television coverage in 2004, the game was telecast nationally by Fox Sports Net in 2005 and Comcast Sports Net in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36582675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582675" title="Boğazkoru, Vezirköprü">
Boğazkoru, Vezirköprü

Boğazkoru is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582677" title="Boruk, Vezirköprü">
Boruk, Vezirköprü

Boruk is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582680" title="Kuchadri Venkateshwara Swamy temple">
Kuchadri Venkateshwara Swamy temple

Kuchadri Venkateswara Swamy temple is an ancient Hindu temple of Lord Balaji in Kuchanpally village of Medak mandal of Medak district in Indian state of Andhra State.
\dfdf

</doc>
<doc id="36582681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582681" title="Burhaniye, Vezirköprü">
Burhaniye, Vezirköprü

Burhaniye is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582686" title="Büyükkale, Vezirköprü">
Büyükkale, Vezirköprü

Büyükkale is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582692" title="Cebeli, Vezirköprü">
Cebeli, Vezirköprü

Cebeli is a village in the District of Vezirköprü, Samsun Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582696" title="Bahadır, Kastamonu">
Bahadır, Kastamonu

Bahadır is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582702" title="List of Muslims in entertainment and the media">
List of Muslims in entertainment and the media

Though there are many interpretations of Islam which prohibit certain types of entertainment, nonetheless, Muslims have been involved in entertainment throughout ages.This is an incomplete list of such people.
Journalism and Media.
Qaanitah Hunter is a Muslim South African journalist in Hijaab. She is a political correspondent for The New Age newspaper- South Africa's national English daily paper. She is also a contributor to 24 news channel Africa News Network 7. 

</doc>
<doc id="36582703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582703" title="Ballık, Kastamonu">
Ballık, Kastamonu

Ballık is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582708" title="Anthony Fisher (disambiguation)">
Anthony Fisher (disambiguation)

Anthony Fisher is a bishop.
Anthony or Antony Fisher may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36582710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582710" title="Baltacı, Kastamonu">
Baltacı, Kastamonu

Baltacı is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582715" title="Baltacıkuyucağı, Kastamonu">
Baltacıkuyucağı, Kastamonu

Baltacıkuyucağı is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582724" title="Başköy, Kastamonu">
Başköy, Kastamonu

Başköy is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582752" title="Başören, Kastamonu">
Başören, Kastamonu

Başören is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582754" title="Women's football in Nigeria">
Women's football in Nigeria

Women's football in Nigeria has been increasing in popularity for many years.
The Nigerian Women's Championship is funded by the government to improve the Nigeria women's national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36582762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582762" title="Bayındır, Kastamonu">
Bayındır, Kastamonu

Bayındır is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582775" title="Bostanköy, Kastamonu">
Bostanköy, Kastamonu

Bostanköy is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582790" title="Bozoğlak, Kastamonu">
Bozoğlak, Kastamonu

Bozoğlak is a village the district of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582798" title="Budamış, Kastamonu">
Budamış, Kastamonu

Budamış is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582806" title="Bulacık, Kastamonu">
Bulacık, Kastamonu

Bulacık is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582857" title="Burhanlı, Kastamonu">
Burhanlı, Kastamonu

Burhanlı is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582863" title="Bükköy, Kastamonu">
Bükköy, Kastamonu

Bükköy is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582868" title="Bürme, Kastamonu">
Bürme, Kastamonu

Bürme is a village in the District of Kastamonu, Kastamonu Province, Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="36582882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582882" title="List of colleges affiliated to Biju Patnaik University of Technology">
List of colleges affiliated to Biju Patnaik University of Technology

Biju Patnaik University of Technology, also known as BPUT, is located in Rourkela in the state of Odisha, India. There are 110 colleges affiliated to the university. A college may be either a constituent or affiliated type.
The colleges are further classified as government run, private unaided and public private partnership (PPP) or private aided. A government run college is fully supported financially by the Government of Odisha. A private unaided college is funded by the private organisation. A private public partnership (PPP) college is established by state government in collaboration with private bodies, thus is partially funded by the government.

</doc>
<doc id="36582896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582896" title="Tera van Beilen">
Tera van Beilen

Tera van Beilen (born 30 March 1993 in Oakville, Ontario) is a Canadian swimmer and Olympian. 
In the 2010 Summer Youth Olympic Games in Singapore, Van Beilen won a gold medal in Women's 100m Breaststroke and a silver in Women's 200m Breaststroke.
In 2012, While competing in the Canadian Olympic trials in Montreal, Van Beilen had successfully qualified for her Olympic dream. She placed first with a time of 2:24.03, ahead of Canadian swimmer Martha McCabe with a time of 2:24.81. Van Beilen's timing placed her second in the world for 2012, behind 2:22.73 of reigning American Olympic champion Rebecca Soni.
During the 2012 Summer Olympics, Van Beilen received much attention as a Canadian Olympian. She participated in the women's 100m and 200m Breaststroke categories, as well as the women's 4x100m Medley Relay. While competing in the Women's 100m breaststroke, she proceeded to the semi-finals, only to be eliminated in a swim-off with Alia Atkinson of Jamaica.
Outside of the 2012 Olympic Games, Van Beilen competes regularly at the local, provincial, and international level swimming competitions. Van Beilen is currently attending the University of British Columbia studying Kinesiology, and is an active member of the university swimming team the UBC Thunderbirds. Tera has also achieved personal bests of 1:07.37 in the 100m Breaststroke, and 2:24.03 in the 200m Breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36582902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582902" title="Linouse Desravine">
Linouse Desravine

Linouse Desravine (born 10 February 1991 in Cap-Haïtien) is a Haitian judoka who competes in the women's 52  kg category. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36582903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582903" title="Ana Carrascosa">
Ana Carrascosa

Ana Carrascosa (born May 6, 1980 in Valencia) is a Spanish judoka who competes in the women's 52  kg category. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was defeated in the first round.
Personal life.
She was born in Valencia, Spain. She attended a Sagrado Corazón HH. Maristas de Valencia where she began her playing career. She speak French and Spanish

</doc>
<doc id="36582906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582906" title="Jaana Sundberg">
Jaana Sundberg

Jaana Sundberg is a Finnish judoka who competes in the women's 52  kg category. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36582909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582909" title="Efremov family">
Efremov family

Efremov, (Rus. Ефремов, sometimes transliterated as Yefremov) were a noble family of Don Cossacks origin. Earliest reference date back to 1670, with Efrem son Petrov being the oldest of known ancestors. He come to Cherkassk about 1670 as a merchant, and was an Ataman of Don Cossacks in 1702-1705. He was murdered by Kondraty Bulavin during the Bulavin Rebellion. Efremov were among the most prominent and rich families of Don Voisko. 
Notable family members include:

</doc>
<doc id="36582914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582914" title="Zhao Jin">
Zhao Jin

Zhao Jin (born 17 March 1988) is a Chinese swimmer. She is competing for China at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36582918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582918" title="Cecil King (rugby league)">
Cecil King (rugby league)

Cecil Bryan King (21 June 1888 – 13 July 1975) was a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#80), Wellington, and Taranaki, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
King represented New Zealand in 1912 on their tour of Australia, and toured Australia again in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="36582922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582922" title="Liu Xiaoyu">
Liu Xiaoyu

Liu Xiaoyu (born 26 June 1988) is a Chinese swimmer. She is competed for China at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36582924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582924" title="Natalia Kuziutina">
Natalia Kuziutina

Natalia Kuziutina (born 8 May 1989 in Briansk) is a Russian judoka who competes in the women's 52  kg category. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was defeated in the first round by Romy Tarangul of Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="36582931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582931" title="María García (judoka)">
María García (judoka)

María Altagarcia García Cáceres (born 10 August 1987) is a Dominican Republican judoka who competes in the women's 52  kg category. 
García has twice competed at an Olympic Games. She was eliminated at the quarterfinal stage at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and at the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36582936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582936" title="Petra Chocová">
Petra Chocová

Petra Chocová (, born 16 August 1986) is a Czech swimmer specialising in breaststroke.
Biography.
Petra Chocová was born and lives in Česká Lípa. Her father Tomáš Choc introduced her to swimming at the age of five and was her coach for many years.
Despite winning several medals in junior categories Chocová's swimming career in adults was marred by problems with her shoulder. She underwent three surgeries before she could fully focus on the training.
At 2012 European Long Course Championships in Debrecen, Chocová won a bronze medal in non-Olympics distance of 50-metre breaststroke in a time of 31.25, a national record. In August 2012, Petra Chocová competed at 2012 Summer Olympics in London. In 100-metre breaststroke event she finished 24th and did not advance to the semi-finals.
The end of the year was more successful for her as she won gold and silver medals at short-course European championships clocking 30.02 and 1:05.50 in 50-metre and 100-metre breaststroke events. She added another silver medal as a part of 4×50 m medley relay team.
Three weeks later at 2012 World Short Course Championships in Istanbul, Petra Chocová finished 6th and 8th in 50 m and 100 m breaststroke respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="36582937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582937" title="Andreea Chițu">
Andreea Chițu

Andreea Chițu is a Romanian judoka who competes in the women's 52 kg category. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36582944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582944" title="Sycerika McMahon">
Sycerika McMahon

Sycerika McMahon (born 11 April 1995) is an Irish swimmer from Portaferry, County Down
McMahon won a bronze medal in the 400m freestyle at the 2010 European Junior Swimming Championships in Helsinki with a time of 4:15.92, an Irish junior record. In the 2011 Championships in Belgrade she won gold in the 400m freestyle with a time of 4:13.85 (more than 2 seconds faster than her time the previous year), another gold in the 50m breaststroke with a time of 32.00 (0.2 seconds faster the previous year's winner Lisa Fissneider), and a silver medal in the 200m freestyle with a time of 2:00.61, 0.11 seconds behind Russian Ksenia Yuskova.
At 17 she became the youngest Irish medal-winner in a major event when she took silver in the 50 metre breaststroke at the 2012 European Aquatics Championships in Debrecen, where she also set a new Irish record. She competed for Ireland at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing 26th overall in the 100 metre breaststroke and 22nd overall in the 200 metre individual medley, where she came third in her heat. In the 2012 European Short Course Swimming Championships in Chartres she won bronze in the 50 m breaststroke behind Petra Chocová and Rikke Møller Pedersen. Also at 17, Sycerika was the youngest Irish person to become an Olympian in many years. She is USA bound as she has taken up a scholarship to study and swim for Texas A&M University.

</doc>
<doc id="36582949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582949" title="Michela Guzzetti">
Michela Guzzetti

Michela Guzzetti (born 29 April 1992) is an Italian swimmer. She competed for Italy at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36582955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582955" title="Joana Ramos">
Joana Ramos

Joana Ramos is a Portuguese judoka who competes in the women's 52  kg category. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36582958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582958" title="He Hongmei">
He Hongmei

He Hongmei is a Chinese judoka who competes in the women's 52 kg category. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was defeated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36582963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582963" title="Martin Dent">
Martin Dent

Martin Dent (February 8, 1979 in Woking, UK) is an English-born Australian marathon runner, who competed in his first Olympic games at the 2012 London Olympic Games. He finished the marathon in 28th place, with a season's best time of 2 hours, 16 minutes and 29 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36582967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582967" title="Aecidium amaryllidis">
Aecidium amaryllidis

Aecidium amaryllidis is a species of fungus in the Pucciniales order. It was described by Syd., P. Syd and E.J.Butler in 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="36582969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582969" title="Aecidium aechmantherae">
Aecidium aechmantherae

Aecidium aechmantherae is a species of fungus in the Pucciniales order. It was described by Syd. and P. Syd in 1907.

</doc>
<doc id="36582990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582990" title="Christianne Legentil">
Christianne Legentil

Christianne Legentil is a Mauritian judoka who competes in the women's 52  kg category. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was defeated in the quarter finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36582992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582992" title="Sahar El Hawari">
Sahar El Hawari

Sahar El Hawari was a promoter of Women's football in Egypt. Sahar El Hawari became the first female member of the Egyptian Football Federation, the first women's referee in Africa, and a member of FIFA.

</doc>
<doc id="36582995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582995" title="Kim Kyung-ok">
Kim Kyung-ok

Kim Kyung-Ok is a South Korean judoka who competes in the women's 52  kg category. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she was defeated in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="36582999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36582999" title="Johann Friedrich Mayer">
Johann Friedrich Mayer

Johann Friedrich Mayer can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36583003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583003" title="PlaceMakers Big Angry Fish">
PlaceMakers Big Angry Fish

"PlaceMakers Big Angry Fish" or simply "Big Angry Fish" is an observational fishing documentary/action series currently broadcast on TV3 in New Zealand. It's time slot is at 5:30pm on Sunday evenings. The programme focuses on fishing hot-spots across New Zealand and around the world. PlaceMakers, a building supplies company, are the prime sponsors of "Big Angry Fish".

</doc>
<doc id="36583014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583014" title="Cafe Du Nord">
Cafe Du Nord

Cafe Du Nord and the Swedish American Hall are two music venues located in the same historic building in San Francisco’s Upper Market neighborhood.
History.
Located below street level, the Cafe Du Nord was once a prohibition-era speakeasy. The venue is now a full service nightclub, restaurant, and bar, which has retained its intimate, speakeasy vibe with a red and black, boudoir-style interior, 40 foot copper faced mahogany bar, and checkered dance floor. Upstairs from Café Du Nord, The Swedish American Hall is a large ball-room style venue which only hosts acoustic performances. Built in 1907, the hall embodies old world design and craftsmanship with 20-foot arched ceilings, red skylights, wooden floors, and a wrap around balcony. The Swedish Society of San Francisco built the hall over 100 years ago, and still uses the room for their events. Both venues are available for private event rentals.
Notable shows.
Both Cafe Du Nord and The Swedish American Hall host internationally known musicians, up and coming bands, and local artists nearly every night of the week. The venues are known for hosting many now famous bands when they were first starting out. Notable shows from the past ten years include Arthur Lee and Love’s last show, Neil Young, The Zombies, Dave Davies (the Kinks), John Cale, J. Mascis, Frank Black, Blink 182, St. Vincent, The Decembrists, Spoon, Iron and Wine, Rilo Kiley, Vincent Gallo, Mumford and Sons, Train, Cake, Sara Bareilles, Andrew W.K., Brian Jonestown Massacre, Girls, Alkaline Trio, and the comedian Scott Capurro.
Awards.
The venue's intimate setting and reputation for hosting outstanding live shows have earned Cafe Du Nord and the Swedish American Hall numerous awards over the years including: a 2013 "Nightey" Award for Best Live Music Venue in San Francisco (under 400 capacity) the California Music and Culture Association's "Best Music Venue" 2012, Top 40 Music Venues in America, Paste Magazine, and one of California's "Top Ten Most Beautiful Music Venues," CA Home and Design.

</doc>
<doc id="36583019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583019" title="1976–77 Leicester City F.C. season">
1976–77 Leicester City F.C. season

During the 1976–77 English football season, Leicester City F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary.
In the 1976–77 season, Leicester made a slow start with 6 consecutive draws but after 13 games, the Foxes were fifth in the table and in the UEFA Cup places despite scoring 13 goals. Then on though, throughout the season was ensured by lack of consistency and finished the campaign with 1 win in 10 league matches but despite that poor run, the Foxes finished in 11th place. A week after the season was over, Jimmy Bloomfield resigned as Leicester boss.
Final league table.
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
Results.
"Leicester City's score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.11v11.com/teams/leicester-city/tab/players/season/1977]

</doc>
<doc id="36583023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583023" title="Sukman Suaib">
Sukman Suaib

Sukman Suaib (born on June 27, 1983) is an Indonesian footballer who plays for PSAP Sigli in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36583024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583024" title="Wheelchair basketball classification">
Wheelchair basketball classification

Wheelchair basketball classification is the system that allows for even levels of competition on the court for wheelchair basketball based on functional mobility. The classifications for the sport are 1 point player, 2 point player, 3 point player, 4 point player and 4.5 point player, the greater the player's functional ability. Classification for the sport is set by the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation.
Definition.
Classification in wheelchair basketball plays an important role in the sport as the classification uses total points of players to determine who can be on the court. The classifications for the sport are 1 point player, 2 point player, 3 point player, 4 point player and 4.5 point player. The higher the point number, the greater the player's functional ability. With five players on the court, the total number of points may not exceed fourteen. There has been sustained criticism of the classification system as being overly complex from players, coaches and leagues. These criticisms have been documented in academic research published in 1986, 1990, 1995 and 1997.
Governance.
Classification for the sport is set by the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation (IWBF). Going into the 2012 Summer Paralympics, the classification system dates to 2004 and was created by the IWBF Player Classification Commission. In 1999, the United States based National Wheelchair Basketball Association governed over their own wheelchair basketball classification system because they did not like the system system used by the IWBF, finding it to complex. The system they use and oversea is based on a classification assigning players a maximum of three points. Historically, the IWBF has had a good and close relationship with the Federation Internationale de Basketball Association. At the same time, IWBF have striven to maintain independent governance of their support.
Eligibility.
, people with physical disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport. To be eligible to play wheelchair basketball, competitors must have a physical limitation that prevents them from being able to "run, pivot, or jump at speed and with control, safety. stability, and endurance of a nondisabled player; and have a permanent physical disability in the lower limb that can be objectively verified by acknowledged medical or paramedical investigations such as measurement, X-ray, CT, MRI, and so on." Lower leg amputation competitors are allowed to participate in wheelchair sport following classification rules for them based on functional mobility.
History.
Wheelchair basketball was the first disability sport to use a functional classification system instead of a medical classification system. Early experiments with this type of classification system in basketball began during the 1980s and was used at the 1984 World Games for the Disabled in England. The functional classification system for wheelchair basketball was first used in the Paralympics at the 1992 Games. The first classification system for wheelchair basketball based on functional ability as opposed to medical classification was developed in 1984 by the Cologne based Horst Strokhkendl. This system is the one that has been used consistently in the international community since then. During the 1980s, there were 3 classes for wheelchair basketball players. In 1992, the International Paralympic Committee formally took control of governance for disability sport and oversaw the classification systems. 
The debate about inclusion of competitors into able-bodied competitions was seen by some disability sport advocates like Horst Strokhkendl as a hindrance to the development of an independent classification system not based on the rules for able-bodied sport. These efforts ended by 1993 as the International Paralympic Committee tried to carve out its own identity and largely ceased efforts for inclusion of disability sport on the Olympic programme. The Games were the first ones where basketball players of different types of disabilities competed against each other, basketball players had a guaranteed right to appeal their classification.
Sports.
At times, players may not easily fit into the standard full point classifications. For this reason, they can be classified in between, such as 1.5 points, 2.5 points, and 3.5 points. Classifiers are discouraged from assigning this half point classification as a competitors initial classification. Performance wise, 4 point players can move their wheelchairs at a significantly faster speed than 1 point players. There is also a significant difference in special endurance between 2 point players, and 3 and 4 point players, with 2 point players having less special endurance. In standard endurance, there is little significant difference between the different point classifications. Across all point classes, there is little difference in ability to perform an envelope agility test. In games, 4 point players steal the ball three times more often than 1 point players. 4 point players generally have the greatest number of rebounds on the court because of competitive advantage when under the basket in terms of height, stability and strength. 4 point players turn over the ball with much greater frequency than 1 point players. 1 point and 2 point players handle the ball the least on court.
Process.
Classification appeals are handled by the IWBF. During the classification process, a player is asked to propose what classification they think they should be classified as. Once classified, changes in classification can only be made if there is unanimous decision amongst those who did the classification.
In most countries, classification for national competitions is done through the local national Paralympic committee. For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
Only wheelchair classified athletes were eligible to compete at the 1960 Summer Paralympics in Rome in this sport. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, wheelchair, amputee and cerebral palsy disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through an independent classification body, with classification being done based on functional ability. General and functional classification took place in the Paralympic Village in block 2 from 29 to 31 August. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 23 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 7 class changes. There were 5 protests by PPS with all 5 classifications being upheld. There were 4 classification appeals lodged for wheelchair basketball at the 2000 Summer Paralympics involving 2 athletes which resulted in 2 class changes.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583030" title="Jadi Setiadi">
Jadi Setiadi

Jadi Setiadi is an Indonesian weightlifter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 56 kg, finishing 5th.

</doc>
<doc id="36583031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583031" title="Graham Cook">
Graham Cook

Graham Walker Cook (16 September 1893 — 11 July 1916 (aged 22)) was a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1910s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#86), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
Playing career.
Cook represented New Zealand in 1912 against New South Wales, and in 1913 against New South Wales.
Later years.
Cook died in France in 1916 during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="36583039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583039" title="José Montes">
José Montes

José Montes is a Mexican weightlifter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 56 kg, finishing 6th.
Background.
Montes was born on April 18, 1989 in Yucatán, Mexico. He competed in the 2012 London Olympics, with the nickname "Hércules Tekaxeño" and coached by Lazaro Medina Lugo.

</doc>
<doc id="36583041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583041" title="Corumbella">
Corumbella

Corumbella is a genus of terminal-Ediacaran cnidarian (Hahn et al., 1982) that possessed a carapace made up of thick polygonal rings (Pacheco et al., 2011)in which plates with pores and papillae (Warren et al.,2012) attest to the
advent of skeletogenesis in latest Neoproterozoic metazoan (Pacheco et al., 2011; Warren et al., 2012). It was a sessile predator and somewhat resembles the later conulariids(Babcock et al., 2005; Pacheco et al., 2011).
See also.
List of Ediacaran genera

</doc>
<doc id="36583044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583044" title="Carlos Berna">
Carlos Berna

Carlos Berna is a Colombian weightlifter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 56 kg, finishing 8th.

</doc>
<doc id="36583047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583047" title="Florin Croitoru">
Florin Croitoru

Florin Ionuț Croitoru (born 25 August 1993) is a Romanian weightlifter who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 56 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="36583057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583057" title="Johann Friedrich Mayer (theologian)">
Johann Friedrich Mayer (theologian)

Johann Friedrich Mayer (December 6, 1650 in Leipzig – March 30, 1712 in Stettin) was a German Lutheran theologian.
Life.
Johann Friedrich Mayer was the son of Johann Ulrich Mayer and his wife Ursula Sophia Brown. He attended the University of Leipzig and received the degree of Bachelor on 21 April 1666 and the academic degree of Magister of Arts in humanities on 30 January 1668.
He attended the University of Strasbourg, where he was devoted to theological studies, and stayed until 1670 with Balthasar Friedrich Salzmann and Balthasar Bebel. Until 13 February 1671, he was a Bachelor of Theology Faculty of Theology of inclusion in the Leipzig University. On 29 January 1672, he became a minister in his hometown and in the same year a superintendent in Leisnig. On 29 May 1673, he became a licentiate and on 19 October 1674 applied for a doctorate in theology. On 27 November 1678, he became pastor and superintendent in Grimsby.
Book Collections.
Mayer built up an extensive book and art collection. His library was one of the largest private libraries in the early 18th century. His art collection included a synagogue scene, a rich collection of medals and numerous pictures, including Cranach's portraits of the Wittenberg reformers. After his death his library was sold at auction. The first pictures remained mostly owned by the family and were only auctioned at the end of the 18th century. A copy of a Rubens painting in Mayer's collection now hangs in the church of New Churches.

</doc>
<doc id="36583059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583059" title="Sin Chol-bom">
Sin Chol-bom

Sin Chol-Bom is a North Korean weightlifter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 56 kg, finishing 10th.

</doc>
<doc id="36583064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583064" title="Haley Nemra">
Haley Nemra

Haley Nemra (born October 4, 1989) is an American-born Marshallese track athlete from Marysville, Washington. She represented her country at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's 800 meters where she did not advance to the semifinals but finished with a personal best time of 2:14.90. She was flag-bearer for Marshall Islands during the Opening Ceremony in London. She competed for the University of San Francisco from 2008-2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36583065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583065" title="Yasmani Romero">
Yasmani Romero

Yasmani Romero (born 26 September 1988) is a Cuban weightlifter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 56 kg, finishing 11th.

</doc>
<doc id="36583067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583067" title="Pandar">
Pandar

Pandar (; also known as Panj Dar) is a village in Zardeyn Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 330, in 92 families. Pandar is on the eastern slopes of Shirkooh Mountain.
Name origin.
According to some villagers, the name of Pandar has been derived from five large valley that have surrounded the whole village.
Religion.
Shia Islam is the dominant religion in Pandar village. There are around five mosques in Pandar which mass mosque is the main one that people say their prayers there most of the time. 

</doc>
<doc id="36583068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583068" title="Mirco Scarantino">
Mirco Scarantino

Mirco Scarantino (born 16 January 1995) is an Italian weightlifter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 56 kg, finishing 14th.

</doc>
<doc id="36583076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583076" title="Bekzat Osmonaliev">
Bekzat Osmonaliev

Bekzat Osmonaliev is a Kyrgyzstani weightlifter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 56 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="36583082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583082" title="Muhammad Sabani">
Muhammad Sabani

Muhammad Sabani (born on October 15, 1977) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSAP Sigli in the Indonesia Super League. Sabani is married to Melysa Fitri and has two children, Falah and Balqis. He started his career by joining the Mercu Buana football team in Medan. Before he became a player, Sabani was a tea delivery boy. He delivered tea bottles to the Mercu Buana dormitory and by chance met a local coach who offered to train him as a goal keeper. Before a year had passed, he was accepted as a player in PSMS Medan in 1998. Since that he has played in many teams, including Barito Putra, Petro Kimia, Persija Jakarta, Persmin Minahasa, Persijap Jepara, Persiraja Banda Aceh, Persik Kediri and PSAP Sigli. 

</doc>
<doc id="36583084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583084" title="Ruslan Makarov">
Ruslan Makarov

Ruslan Makarov is a Uzbekistani weightlifter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 56 kg.

</doc>
<doc id="36583089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583089" title="Philip Bujak">
Philip Bujak

Philip Edwin Bujak (born 17 February 1960) is an educationalist and commentator on Anglo Polish affairs. He is a former CEO of the Montessori St Nicholas Charity and a leading proponent of the Montessori movement within the UK.
As CEO of Montessori St Nicholas Charity he was responsible for the founding of the Montessori Schools Association, the Montessori Evaluation and Accreditation Board, and a leader in the drive for the creation of state funded Montessori schools.
Teaching.
Bujak was Head of History at Langley School in Norfolk from 1983–1988, then Head of Lower & Middle School and Boarding Housemaster from 1988-1993 before moving to become Headmaster of Stover School for Girls (1993-2003). He expanded the school from 120 to 535 pupils and opened Stover Preparatory School in 1998.
Montessori.
In 2003 Bujak was appointed Chief Executive of the Montessori St Nicholas Charity in London and became responsible for the largest aspect of the Montessori movement across the United Kingdom. In 2005 he founded The Montessori Schools Association which now has approx 700 Montessori schools in membership. Also in 2005, Bujak secured a deal with Manchester Local Authority to create the first ever state Montessori school at Gorton Mount. In 2008 he created The Montessori Evaluation and Accreditation Board which is now the leading Montessori accreditation scheme in Europe, with 152 leading Montessori schools in membership. In 2009 he also became managing director of Montessori Centre International which is the largest Montessori training college in Europe. In 2012 Bujak led a Montessori bid which was successful in securing the first DfE contract for Montessori with the Charity providing parenting classes funded by central government in Camden, London. In December 2102 Bujak was at the forefront of launching the Montessori Manifesto 2012-2015, which is a major national initiative funded by the St Nicholas Charity, to take Montessori practice out into the most challenged inner city communities across the UK.
In 2013 Bujak also expanded the reach of the St Nicholas Charity into Poland with the opening of a new office in Warsaw and the launch of a new on line course in Polish. This is the latest of a series of European initiatives also sponsored by the St Nicholas Charity.
Charitable activities.
Bujak was co-founder of The Polish Heritage Society UK in 2009 and has recently stood down as Vice Chairman to remain as a member. Bujak has worked on a number of restoration projects such as the repair and erection of a statue of Frederyk Chopin at the South Bank Centre (a gift from the people of Poland in the 1970s that had been allowed to fall into disrepair) and the placing of a plaque to commemorate the London home of Stanislaw Sosabowski in Chiswick. In 2013 Bujak led the initiative to place another plaque at 51 New Cavendish Street to mark the London headquarters of the Polish Navy during 1939-1945, unveiled in November 2013 by Witold Sobkow, the Polish ambassador.
In 2102 he began the personal financing of the restoration of a portrait of Edward Rydz-Śmigły by the artist, Jan Hawrylkiewicz. This painting is the second of what is a commitment by Bujak to restore two such artworks a year.
In 2011 he was awarded the Pro Memoria Medal by the Republic of Poland in recognition of this work. For his fundraising activities he was awarded the Order pro merito Melitensi (cross) by the Sovereign Order of Malta and in 2010 he was granted the Freedom of the City of London. Bujak is also vice president of the Conservative Friends of Poland (CFoP).
He has been a regional committee member for the National Trust covering Devon & Cornwall, a past trustee of the Silvanus Woodland Trust, and Chairman of Governors for Christchurch Primary School in London.
In memory of his father, Bujak set up the J.F. Bujak Trust, which currently supports Sixth Form students at his old comprehensive school who need funding in order to undertake education-based travel around the world.
Between 2005-2009, Bujak ran annual residential leadership courses for prospective Headteachers at St Edmund’s College, Oxford and was appointed to the Skills & Crafts Commission on reforming apprenticeships.
Writing.
Bujak maintains a strong interest in writing and in 1988 co-authored "Norfolk & Suffolk in The Great War". In 1990 he published "Attleborough – The Evolution of a Town", and in 2008 "Undefeated – The Extraordinary Life & Death of Lt Col. Jack Sherwood Kelly VC,CMG, DSO".
In 2007 Bujak published 'Around The World in 100 Years' which was a celebration of the centenary of Montessori and its world wide appeal.
He has also written, and contributed to, several articles published in "The Daily Telegraph, The Independent, The Guardian, Evening Standard", and other publications. He is also a commentator on Anglo-Polish relations and history of the Polish people in the UK. He is a regular contributor to Res Publica and Visegrad Insight - two academic journals published from Warsaw.
Territorial army.
Bujar enlisted as a private in 1982 and was commissioned into the 6th (V) Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment in 1983 and served as platoon commander to a Royal Norfolk Company alongside his teaching career until leaving the army with the rank of captain in 2003.
Early life.
His father, Jan Felix Bujak, studying as a linguist in Poland entered captivity with the German Army on the outbreak of war in September 1939. Forced to initially work with the Todt Organisation and subsequently with the Wermacht in Italy, he escaped and joined the Polish Army serving with 3rd Carpathian Division, 2nd Corps. He fought at Monte Cassino and was awarded the Krzyz Welecznych (Cross of Valour). His mother, Phyliss Bujak, came from a farming and Worsted manufacturing family in Norfolk and became an Honorary Freeman of the City of London for her charity work aged 82, in 2012. After entering the Army at the age of 16 he was persuaded to become a teacher and attended the University of East Anglia 1979-1982 reading history. He trained for his teacher's certificate at Keswick Hall in Norfolk.
Personal life.
Bujak is a Liveryman of The Worshipful Company of Gardener's and The Guild of Educators. His son Alexander is a promising abstract artist and his daughter Eleanor is a graduate of The University of East Anglia having read English Literature and Film. He lives with his family near Reigate and is Church Warden of Emmanuel Church, Sidlow Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="36583092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583092" title="Meek Mill discography">
Meek Mill discography

The discography of American rapper Meek Mill consists of one studio album, two collaborative albums, nine mixtapes, thirteen singles, including seven as a featured performer, three promotional singles and fourteen music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="36583095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583095" title="Henrik Nilsson (footballer)">
Henrik Nilsson (footballer)

Henrik Nilsson (born 25 July 1972) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36583098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583098" title="Kaos Signing Choir for Deaf and Hearing Children">
Kaos Signing Choir for Deaf and Hearing Children

The Kaos Signing Choir for Deaf and Hearing Children is a project of The Kaos Organisation, a registered UK charity based in Haringey, London, founded in 1995 by Suzy Davies and Ali Jackson-Wood. 
The Kaos Signing Choir for Deaf and Hearing Children is an award-winning integrated project for Deaf and hearing children aged 4 to 18. It is the only integrated deaf and hearing children’s choir in the UK.
The choir regularly performs original Songs Of Kaos, all written by or especially for the group, and the children all sing and sign in British Sign Language.
On 27 July 2012, the choir performed the British national anthem "God Save the Queen" at the Opening Ceremony of the 2012 Olympics at the Olympic Stadium, Olympic Park, London.
The 200 strong choir has also performed for Princess Anne and at venues across London, including the Royal Festival Hall, the Barbican Centre, and the Drill Hall. They won the Under-18’s Choir Class at the North London Festival of Music and Drama in 2005, 2007 and 2008.
In January 2012 Archbishop Desmond Tutu became the Global Patron of The Kaos Organisation.
The choir marks Josette Simon as one of its supporters. 
On 3 December 2012, the choir, along with the British Paraorchestra, released a cover of "True Colors" as a charity single to support ParalympicsGB, the choir, and the Paraorchestra. 

</doc>
<doc id="36583099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583099" title="Travelmob">
Travelmob

travelmob is a social networking website for booking accommodation and room rentals. It was founded by Turochas Fuad and Prashant Kirtane on July 10, 2012. A year after launch, in July 2013, travelmob features over 14,000 Asia Pacific short-term rental listings including luxury villas, urban apartments, houseboats, treehouses, shared spaces and even an entire private island.
History.
Built on a transaction-based model, travelmob supports 13 currencies and operates in Bahasa, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Thai, Vietnamese and English. The company announced in September 2012 that they closed seed funding of US $1 million led by Jungle Ventures, with participation from Silicon Valley VC firm Accel Partners and private investors. Since its launch, travelmob has rolled out several new features including "experience tags" that enable travellers to search by experience, last minute deals and a new broadcast feature that helps travellers find accommodations faster by posting details of their trip to travelmob Hosts via a Broadcast.
In December 5, 2013 travelmob launched an iOS app.
Partnerships.
travelmob has distribution partnerships with Wego.com and HomeAway. The company also recently announced on 16 July 2013 that it has signed an agreement to be acquired by HomeAway, the world's leading online marketplace for vacation rentals.

</doc>
<doc id="36583102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583102" title="Lancia di Lancia">
Lancia di Lancia

In 2009 Lancia launched the Lancia di Lancia speedboat at the Venice Film Festival. Built by the Italian boat builder SACS Marine and designed by Christian Grande DesignWorks. 
The boat has a 6.7-liter common rail turbo diesel engine developed by Fiat Powertrain, producing a total of 1120 hp and producing a top speed of 48 knots.

</doc>
<doc id="36583103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583103" title="Johann Friedrich Mayer (agriculturist)">
Johann Friedrich Mayer (agriculturist)

Johann Friedrich Georg Hartmann Mayer (September 21, 1719 – March 17, 1798) was a German Reformed pastor and agricultural reformer, who is considered one of the most important writers on agriculture of his time. He came to prominence through his efforts to promote agricultural reforms, especially with his 1769 publication with new regimes of crop rotation, and his 1773 textbook on rural householders and husbandry.
Biography.
Mayer was born in Bad Mergentheim as son of an innkeeper and Schultheiß, the head of a municipality. His parents prepared him to become a minister at early age. He attended the Latin School in Weikersheim and the high school in Öhringen. From 1737 to 1740 he took his theological studies at the University of Jena, where he was influenced by the philosopher Christian Wolff and the Swiss anatomist, physiologist and naturalist Albrecht von Haller.
From 1741 to 1745 Mayer was Protestant pastor in Riedbach, which ended up in a legal dispute about defamation. In 1745 he moved to Kupferzell, near Crailsheim, where he was pastor until his death in 1798. There in the garden of his clergy house, Mayer conducted agricultural experiments and observed farm work on nearby farms. In 1768 he published his findings for the first time in his book, entitled "Lehre vom Gyps als vorzueglich guten Dung zu allen Erd-Gewaechsen auf Aeckern und Wiesen, Hopfen- und Weinbergen" (Doctrine of Gypsum exquisitely as good manure to all natural plants to the fields and meadows, hops and vineyards). In this work he promoted the use of crushed gypsum as fertilization of fields, which he had found in the nearby Waldenburger Berge. He further explained these operations in the 1774 publication "M. Terentius Varro, von der Landwirtschaft." The agronomists of his time where so impressed by his work, that they granted him the title "Gipsapostel von Kupferzell" (Apostle of gypsum from Kupferzell).
In other writings, Mayer started describing the farmer relationships in natural farming and animal husbandry. In 1767 he started publishing the journal "Beyträge und Abhandlungen zur Aufnahme der Land- und Hauswirthschaft," which he would publish until 1786. In addition to spreading his knowledge through books and magazines, Mayer traveled around and advised princes and peasants. He was invited to move to Vienna, both by Emperor Maria Theresia and Archbishop Christoph Anton Migazzi, but he declined. He advised the Hohenlohe peasants among other things about the cultivation of the still unknown potato. At first he only recommended the potato to feed livestock, and later mainly for human consumption.
Work.
Mayer is considered the most influential agricultural reformers of the late 18th Century through his many writings, in which he promoted sustainable agricultural reforms such as the use of fertilizer, new crops as potatoes, new ways of crop rotation, sophisticated agricultural devices, and advanced management methods. He also advocated free property for peasants. In the 18th Century the pressure upon agriculture had increased to feed the steady growing population, and Mayer was one of the driving forces to make this happen.
Works.
Mayer gained attention with his 1769 work "Lehre vom Gyps als vorzueglich guten Dung zu allen Erd-Gewaechsen auf Aeckern und Wiesen, Hopfen- und Weinbergen", which promoted the use of crushed gypsum as fertilization of fields. This work also suggested new ways of crop rotation, which broke with the tradition medieval three-field system from around the time of Charlemagne.
The 1773 textbook on husbandry, entitled "Lehrbuch für die Land- und Haußwirthe in der pragmatischen Geschichte der gesamten Land- und Haußwirthschafft des Hohenlohe Schillingsfürstischen Amtes Kupferzell" described the agriculture and other customs in the Hohenlohe region of the Germany. Mayer among others presented plans for a new farm house, thee so-called "Pfarrer-Mayer-Häuser", in which the rural residential area and the barn were under one roof. The barn, located on the ground floor, would heat the living room on the first floor.
The introduction of fodder and the growing of cider apples in specific German region date back to Mayer's ideas. For better use of land Mayer suggested the farmers to plant fallow land with clover. Hereby farmers would gained additional fodder, which Mayer recommended to use in the stabling of cattle. Desirable side effect of stabling was the increased accumulation of manure that could be used as fertilizer on fields.
Also thanks to Mayer's proposals the cattle were sold in Hohenlohe and were profitable for the farmers. The slaughter was sold to France, especially Paris. The improved three-field system, which is still the basis for the agricultural processing, also goes back to Pastor Mayer.
Valuable fossil as a manure.
The 1804 "Repertory of arts, manufactures and agriculture" Richard Weston reports that "New manure appearing as an uncommon phenomenon in the Annals of Agriculture, it cannot be an uninteresting matter to disperse the knowledge of its valuable qualities, and how it came to be known, especially as it is now making a rapid progress into every enlightened country where the farmers are not above being taught from the ingenuity, labour, and researches of others, and of all the modern improvements in agriculture no one appears to be of greater consequence..." The general description, Weston gave, started with:
Weston further explains about experiments on various soils, its effects on grasslands, and an comparison between dung and plaster. He ends up describing the experiments with fossil as a manure has had on barley and clover, buckwheat, cabbages and turnips, clover alone, Indian corn, rye and wheat.
Weston explicitly mentioned, that "it is to the indefatigable researches of Mr. Mayer, a German clergyman, that we are indebted for this valuable fossil as a manure; but where his residence is I have not yet been able to discover, nor have seen any of his .writings concerning it. In the year 1768 he first discovered its virtues as a manure, and its reputation soon caused it to be tried in various parts of Germany. Thence its fame spread to Switzerland and France. Near to Paris are several hills of it, named Montmartre, whence the Americans transported it to their country, and its reputation soon spread it through that continent, even to Quebec. As a proof of which, I have taken an account of the following experiments, from a book printed in that city, in French and English, but first published in various periodical works in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, &c.; and from these American publications it was introduced into England, after having made a circuit of nearly ten thousand miles."
Legacy.
Johann Friedrich Mayer was the first to present to the public a series of experiments upon it the relation of gypsum to agriculture, and many chemists have followed him in the 19th century. Early 19th century however a great variety of opinion remained with regard to its mode of operation, for example: 
After being applied with success by Mayer in the year 1763, Gypsum soon came into general use, not only in Germany, but in France, America, Switzerland, and other countries. Sutton Thomas Wood of Oxford (1807) acknowledged, that it was cheaper than dung composts, much more convenient for carriage, and may be attained, where dung cannot be had. Its value cannot easily be ascertained, as there are few soils that will not be benefited by its application. It renews and invigorates those lands which have been exhausted by neglect and improper management, and it wonderfully improves some stubborn clays.
Another lasting contribution was Mayer's farmhouse design, presented in his 1773 textbook on agriculture and husbandry. This design; known as the so-called "Pfarrer-Mayer-Häuser", became quite popular not only in the area of Hohenlohe, but in larger parts of Germany. The type of farms are still present visible in rural Germany, and are nowadays characterized as the typical Hohenlohe's farmhouse.
Mayer is considered among the most important agricultural reformer of the late 18th century. To socially improve the situation of the rural population, Mayer advised his readers not just about to changing agricultural methods, but he was strongly committed and an outspoken advocate for change in the agrarian structure. He called for the abolition of forced labor and inveighs against hunting and pasture justices of the lord. The range of subjects treated by him is great from topics classified under the purely agricultural engineering to cultivation, fertilization, harvesting, livestock, etc. But he again and again focussed his writings on social ethical and diaconal questions of his town, and openly criticized that rural life would be better served with dutiful authorities and philanthropic landowner.

</doc>
<doc id="36583104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583104" title="Women's football in Jamaica">
Women's football in Jamaica

Women's football in Jamaica was first introduced to the Island in the 1960s. The sport grew in popularity forming leagues.
Many women face prejudice and stigma for playing the game. 
Towards the end of 2010's the Jamaican Football Federation scrapped the women's programme. 
In 2011 $33 million was spent on the women's youth development.

</doc>
<doc id="36583121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583121" title="2012–13 FC Rostov season">
2012–13 FC Rostov season

The 2012–13 Rostov season was the 4th straight season that the club played in the Russian Premier League, the highest tier of football in Russia after they won their Relegation Playoff tie against Shinnik Yaroslavl. They will also play in the 2012–13 Russian Cup.
Squad.
The following players are listed on the official club's website as reserves and are registered with the Premier League. They are eligible to play for the main squad.
Transfers.
Summer.
In:
Out:
Winter.
In:
Out:

</doc>
<doc id="36583129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583129" title="Catherine Kang">
Catherine Kang

Catherine Kang Seul-Ki (born 25 September 1987) is a South Korean-born Central African taekwondo practitioner. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 49 kg event. She was the flag bearer for the Central African Republic team at the opening ceremony. On August 8, she was defeated in the preliminary round against Lucija Zaninović of Croatia (14-0).

</doc>
<doc id="36583135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583135" title="Platypleura sylvia">
Platypleura sylvia

Platypleura sylvia is a species of cicada endemic to South Africa. It was first described and named by William Lucas Distant in 1899 in the "Annals and Magazine of Natural History". "Insecta transvaaliensia" was self-published by Distant and appeared in twelve parts over the period 1900-1911. The series was an account of Distant's insect-collecting trips through the Transvaal. The collected parts were published as a single volume after Distant's death by Francis Edwards of London in 1924. 
Specimens of this species were collected in 1906 and then not found again in the field until 2001 ""when small, localised populations were discovered during a faunal survey for the Environmental Management Programme Report for the Anglo Platinum "Der Brochen Platinum" project in the Groot Dwars River valley, Mpumalanga."" - "Platypleura sylvia" As a result a behavioural study was carried out in the Groot Dwars River valley in 2001 and 2002, during which researchers found that the adult life stage of the insect lasted six to eight weeks during the months of November and December, and that its distribution is extremely localised and confined to a number of valleys in Sekhukhuneland. This cicada is found in closed bushveld that includes the tree "Vitex obovata", a member of the Verbenaceae, a tree also endemic to South Africa and Swaziland, and with which it has a close and exclusive relationship. A number of cicadas have evolved this affinity for a single species of tree. Researchers observed a female drilling holes in a dry twig and depositing her eggs. Males spread their wings and arch their backs when calling, a posture which is believed to amplify their call, best described as "zeep".
Cicada nymphs were found down to below the soil surface attached to the roots of "Vitex obovata" and exuviae were found above ground on trees of the same species housing calling adults, and on other plant species when no adults were present. The duration of the larval stage is as yet undetermined, but is thought to be something of the order of six or seven years underground.
"P. sylvia" is confined to the valley of the Groot Dwars River (24°55′ S, 30°05′ E), a tributary of the Steelpoort River, and occurs on the farms "Helena", "Der Brochen", "Mareesburg" and also the Didingwe River Lodge property, with a slight spill-over to neighbouring areas. The species' tragedy is its occurrence on geological formations rich in platinum. The area is actively mined by the Anglo American Platinum Corporation committed to ""minimising its environmental impact at this operation by implementing best practice in land and environmental management"". Other mining companies dismiss concerns by stating that the species is "rare but not on IUCN Red List due to insufficient data", ignoring its disappearance for almost a century and equating "insufficient data" with a licence to act irresponsibly.

</doc>
<doc id="36583139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583139" title="County palace in Osijek">
County palace in Osijek

County palace () is a building of County Assembly of Osijek-Baranja County in Osijek, Croatia.
History.
It was designed by Nikola Hild and built since 1840 to 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="36583146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583146" title="Vallverdu">
Vallverdu

Vallverdu or Vallverdú is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36583162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583162" title="European Girls' Mathematical Olympiad">
European Girls' Mathematical Olympiad

The European Girls' Mathematical Olympiad is a mathematical olympiad for girls which started in 2012. It is similar to, and was inspired by, the China Girls Mathematical Olympiad. 
EGMO 2012.
The first EGMO took place in April 2012 at Murray Edwards College, Cambridge and was run by the United Kingdom Mathematical Trust. Nineteen countries took part: Belgium, Bulgaria, Finland, Hungary, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Latvia, the Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Switzerland, Turkey, Ukraine, the United Kingdom and the United States of America.
There were two four-and-a-half hour examinations, which were held at the Centre for Mathematical Sciences.
EGMO 2013.
The second EGMO took place in April 2013 in Luxembourg and was run by the Association des Mathématiciens du Luxembourg in cooperation with the Lycée Aline Mayrisch. 22 countries took part.
EGMO 2014.
The third EGMO was held in April 2014 in Antalya, organized by TÜBİTAK. 29 teams took part.
EGMO 2015.
The fourth EGMO is planned for 2015 in Minsk.

</doc>
<doc id="36583168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583168" title="Masyukur">
Masyukur

Masyukur (born on April 19, 1978) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSAP Sigli in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36583172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583172" title="Peter Green (shop)">
Peter Green (shop)

Peter Green (1916 - 1980), when he was forty years old, started his furniture business in Eastleigh with his wife Norah and child in arms, in 1956 in a small shop at 43 Leigh Road. He may have had only £150 capital, but he had years of experience as a sales representative in the furniture trade.
Green had been in the business all his working life apart from a period spent flying during the war. His family had been in the furniture trade for generations, his grandfather having dealt in antique furniture a century earlier. Green had grown up in Nuneaton; he was proud to be an Old Edwardian having attended King Edward’s Grammar School in Nuneaton.
Green chose Eastleigh because he felt at ease in a railway town, having grown up in Nuneaton, which was also a similar sized town. At first Peter sold beds in the daytime and delivered them in the evening, with his wife Norah acting as secretary and doing all the office work. He then added other furniture to his stock before later opening a small carpet shop at 54 High Street. The business grew steadily from these tiny beginnings until in 1966, with three branches,Green, now helped by his brother Reg as sales director, took a corner of huge premises in Southampton Road then occupied by the Fair Oak Dairy Company, and which had formerly been a brush factory . In Green’s first "Walk Around Showrooms" carpets and furniture were crammed into one building, the Mayor of Eastleigh came to open this important new store and the business grew steadily.
Southampton Road.
The premises had a fascinating history as part of the town. The building had been erected in 1873 by the side of the London to Southampton railway line. At that time Eastleigh had not yet come into existence, amounting to little more than 90 houses, and the building housed the Bishopstoke Brewery. During the course of the two world wars, and by then occupied by the Fair Oak Dairy Company, the building played an important part in supplying dairy produce to military camps and installations over a wide area of Southern Command.
The Bishopstoke Brewery had leased the quarter acre site for 100 years but over the next few years the brewery changed hands several times. After several changes of ownership the premises ceased to be used as a brewery. In 1886 at a cost of £6,000 they were converted into a dog biscuit factory run by Dear & Co, a Millbrook firm. From 1889 however the premises lay empty until another biscuit manufacturer took the premises for a couple more years until 1895 following which the building served as a temporary school house used by the Eastleigh School Board.
In the next few years the premises were also used by a dairy followed by a gear and engineering works.
The longest period of occupation was from 1914 until 1966 after the building passed into the hands of the Fair Oak Dairy Produce Company owned by a London based wholesale grocery company, managed by Mr. Johnson who also farmed at Foxhole Farm, Allington Lane, Fair Oak from where much of the dairy’s milk came.
Gradually, after 1966, Green’s firm expanded into other parts of the building as they became vacant until, by 1973, the firm owned the entire freehold and was established as a pioneer of huge furniture and carpet showrooms with hundreds of rolls of broadloom carpet and vinyl, dozens of three piece suites, scores of beds, range after range of bedroom and dining room furniture and many pieces of occasional furniture. Later a special shop for curtains and dress fabrics was opened in the High Street.
The whole building covered 20,000 square feet. The hall of 5,000 square feet taken over in 1966 would be used exclusively as a carpet showroom whilst the remaining 15,000 square feet would be used to display a huge collection of furniture in addition to a warehouse and workrooms.
Besides offering a huge selection Peter Green was unusual in that he offered a complete service as well as keen prices. He could afford to give both owing to his low overheads as he owned the freehold and so avoided the high rents which had to be paid by similar stores and passed on to the customer.
From the very start Peter Green was fully involved in the life of the town and did a great deal of charitable work, especially amongst the elderly and disabled and those down on their luck. It was hardly surprising in view of all his achievements that Peter was made the first and so far only non-political Freeman of the Borough for his contribution to the business and the charitable life of the community.
In the mid 1970s Peter decided to improve his premises by stages. He began by planning a well designed showroom on the corner facing the town centre. Planning permission for this was granted in 1976 and building was about to commence when the town centre plan was introduced which stopped him from building.
Peter Green was fond of Eastleigh. He saw it as a friendly red-brick town of character. He had created the largest non-food retail enterprise and was keen to see other durable stores come. He was also keen to see Eastleigh preserve its character and remain different from other towns. He had always advanced cautiously without borrowing huge sums and argued that the town should grow in the same way.
When Peter Green died suddenly in 1980 his wife Norah became company chairman and Tim Maguire who joined the firm in 1972 became managing director.
The company came through the recession which followed and by 1982 turnover had increased by a third, a sure sign that customers still liked the selection and trading methods at the company’s unique showrooms. Many changes were made; fitted kitchens and fitted bedrooms became big business and there was a thriving contract department which eventually served customers as far away as the Falkland Islands and Gambia.
From small beginnings Peter Green had become one of the largest independent household furnishers in the South of England. Turnover has risen 40 times since the move to Southampton Road but the old fashioned friendly service had remained unaltered.
Chandlers Ford.
Plans had been announced in 1976 for an extensive covered shopping centre in Eastleigh. The Peter Green site was demanded by the council for the scheme but it was not viable for such a large business to operate from a shopping centre. At last, after eight years of uncertainty, a suitable building was found for the move. It was situated in School Lane, Chandlers Ford, a short distance from the old site and just off the main Bournemouth Road.
In 1985 came the move from its long established base in Southampton Road and the grand opening of a giant new store in School Lane, Chandlers Ford presided over by chairman, Norah Green and managing director, Tim Maguire. The new premises were formerly owned by W H O’Gorman and were ideal as they offered a total floor area of 33,000 square feet and parking for 100 cars. The newly refurbished premises were easy to reach from all directions. Edge of town trading had many advantages at a time when it was becoming more and more common in Europe and the US to move stores away from town centres. Easy access and parking, lower overheads which lead to lower prices and better service were all things that Peter Green had believed in and built his business on.
A noted feature of the new premises was the "Carousel" – a coffee bar located in the centre of the showroom; like that at the previous store it soon became the meeting place for regular customers.
Over 100 local families came to depend upon the thriving go ahead family business for a living. The staff would form a fine team built up over the years. They would be proud to serve the whole of Wessex from the Borough of Eastleigh for decades and looked forward to doing so indefinitely.
Local footballer Manny Andruszewski worked for a time at the Chandler's Ford store too.
Further expansion.
The company celebrated its 40 years in business in 1996 with a complete refurbishment of its Chandlers Ford store and also by opening a huge new store in Basingstoke.
In the 2003 a further store was opened in Reading, and the company was the largest independent furniture retailer in the region.
On 8 January 2010, Norah Green died, peacefully at home, bringing the original partnership to a close. In 2011 the 'child in arms' at the opening of the first store, returned to the business and Wendy Martin, sole offspring of Peter and Norah became a Director of Peter Green.
In 2010 a design studio was opened in the Reading store.

</doc>
<doc id="36583174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583174" title="Ekkerøy">
Ekkerøy

Ekkerøy (also: "Store Ekkerøy" or ) is one of the oldest fishing villages on the Varangerfjorden in Finnmark county, Norway. It is located in Vadsø Municipality about east of the town of Vadsø which is the administrative centre of the municipality and the county. The village of Valen lies just north of Ekkerøy. 
Historically, the population was Norwegian or Kven, rather than Sami, and the economy was based on fishing and farming. There are about forty people living in the village today and tourism forms part of the economy.
Geography.
As the ending "øy" in the name indicates, the place was originally an island; however, it is now joined to the Varanger peninsula by a narrow isthmus of land. At the mainland end of the isthmus the small hamlet of Valen is located. 
The headland on the northern tip of Ekkerøy is called "Varnes" and its eastern tip is called "Skagodden". The bay on the northeastern side of the neck which joins Ekkerøy to the mainland is called "Yttersida" and that on the southwestern side is called "Innersida".
World War II.
Ekkerøy is one of the few places in Finnmark where pre-World War II buildings can be seen. When the German army retreated from the Litsa front and Kirkenes in late 1944, they burned most buildings in the county. However, buildings on the north side of the Varangerfjorden survived because the Russians advanced so quickly that the German troops in this area fled west to get across the Tana river before they were cut off and, therefore, did not have enough time to obey the order to destroy all buildings.
Museum.
Most of the old Kjeldsen fish plant, including a pier, cod-liver oil cooker, and country store, has been converted into a museum which is run by the Varanger Museum in Vadsø and is open in the summer time. In 2012, the museum included an exhibition called "Murman, the Coast of Hope", about migration in the 1860s from Norway and Finland to the Murman Coast which extends eastward from the current Norwegian-Russian border. After Ekkerøy, the exhibition was to move to Vardø, Kirkenes, Murmansk, Arkhangelsk, and places in Finland.
On the pier, one building (which previously belonged to the Kjeldsen fish plant) has been converted to a restaurant, called "Havhesten" ().

</doc>
<doc id="36583176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583176" title="Carine Ngarlemdana">
Carine Ngarlemdana

Carine Ngarlemdana (born 13 November 1994 in N'Djamena, Chad) is a Chadian judoka. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's -70 kg event. She was the flag bearer for Chad at the opening ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="36583190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583190" title="Hutton Hall">
Hutton Hall

Hutton Hall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36583198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583198" title="Melani Costa">
Melani Costa

Melanie Felicitas Costa Schmid, better known as Melani Costa (born 24 April 1989 in Palma de Mallorca, is a Spanish swimmer. She competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's 400 metre freestyle, finishing 9th in the heats, failing to qualify for the final. She also competed in the women's 200 metre freestyle, finishing 9th in semifinal, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36583199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583199" title="Håkan Lindman">
Håkan Lindman

Håkan Lindman (born 27 November 1961 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36583204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583204" title="Shao Yiwen">
Shao Yiwen

Shao Yiwen is a Chinese swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 400 metre freestyle, finishing 14th in the heats, failing to qualify for the final. She finished 9th in the heats of the Women's 800 metre freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36583205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583205" title="Bernard Mills">
Bernard Mills

Bernard Yarnton Mills AC, FRS, FAA, DSc(Eng) (8 August 1920 – 25 April 2011) was an Australian engineer and a pioneer of radio astronomy in Australia, responsible for the design and implementation of the Mills Cross Telescope and the Molonglo Cross Telescope.
Life.
Bernard Mills was born on 8 August 1920 in Manly. His father, Ellice Mills, was an architect who had migrated from England before the First World War. His mother, Sylphide Dinwiddie, was a dance teacher from New Zealand.
He was educated at the King's School, and at the age of 16, was awarded a scholarship to study engineering at the University of Sydney. He completed his degree in 1942, and was awarded first class honours in 1950 for his thesis "A Million-Volt Resonant-Cavity X-ray Tube" presented for his Master of Engineering degree. In 1942 he married Lerida Karmalsky, and they had 3 children. In 1969 Lerida died; the following year he married Crys, who had two children of similar age to Mills' children.
In 1948 he commenced working with the CSIR's newly formed radio astronomy group, where he had the idea for what became known as the Mills Cross radio telescope; the first Mills Cross Telescope became operational in 1954. In 1959 he became a doctor of science in engineering. In 1960 he was appointed reader in physics at the University of Sydney, where he developed the concept for the "Super Cross". In 1965 he was appointed professor of physics (astrophysics). The Molonglo Cross Telescope became operational in 1967. 
He was retired by the university in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36583208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583208" title="Wendy Trott">
Wendy Trott

Wendy Trott is a South African swimmer. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Women's 400 and Women's 800 metre freestyle, finishing 9th in the latter and the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 400 and Women's 800 metre freestyle, finishing 12th in the latter. 

</doc>
<doc id="36583210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583210" title="Nina Rangelova">
Nina Rangelova

Nina Rangelova is a Bulgarian swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 400 metre freestyle, finishing 23rd in the heats, failing to qualify for the final, but breaking the Bulgarian national record.

</doc>
<doc id="36583214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583214" title="Natthanan Junkrajang">
Natthanan Junkrajang

Natthanan Junkrajang (born April 13, 1986 in Sing Buri, Thailand) is a Thai swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 400 metre freestyle, finishing 29th in the heats, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36583218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583218" title="Mojca Sagmeister">
Mojca Sagmeister

Mojca Sagmeister (6 March 1996) is a Slovenian swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 400 metre freestyle, finishing 32nd in the heats, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36583221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583221" title="Andrea Cedrón">
Andrea Cedrón

Andrea del Rosario Cedrón Rodríguez is a Peruvian swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 400 metre freestyle, finishing 33rd in the heats, failing to qualify for the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36583227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583227" title="Kim Ga-eul">
Kim Ga-eul

Kim Ga-Eul (; born January 17, 1997 in Pohang) is a South Korean swimmer, who specialized in long-distance freestyle events. She is a finalist in the 800 m freestyle at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou.
Kim qualified for the women's 400 m freestyle, as South Korea's youngest swimmer (aged 15), at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by eclipsing a FINA B-standard entry time of 4:15.01 from the Dong-A Swimming Tournament in Ulsan. She challenged seven other swimmers on the second heat, including three-time Olympian Kristel Köbrich of Chile. Kim finished the race in last place by nearly 25 seconds behind Singapore's Lynette Lim, posting the second-slowest time of 4:43.46. Kim failed to advance into the final, as she placed thirty-fourth overall in the preliminary heats.

</doc>
<doc id="36583256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583256" title="Attenborough's Journey">
Attenborough's Journey

"Attenborough's Journey" is a 2010 British documentary on David Attenborough's career as a broadcaster and the production of the nature documentary series "First Life". The documentary is presented by David Attenborough, and was made as a prelude to "First Life".
Reception.
Tim Dowling, of "The Guardian", praised the documentary, writing that it showed the "remarkable extent to which Attenborough is, behind the scenes, all one might have hoped: charming, funny, engaging, uncomplaining, extraordinarily well-informed and pleasant without being too nice." 

</doc>
<doc id="36583276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583276" title="Alpine Town of the Year">
Alpine Town of the Year

The Alpine Town of the Year award is given to towns which have made exceptional efforts for the realization of the Alpine Convention and for sustainable development. The "Alpine Towns of the Year" are members of the international association of the same name.
The "Alpine Town of the Year" Award.
The honorary title "Alpine Town of the Year" is awarded annually by the General Meeting of the Association’s members at the recommendation of a jury. The jury examines the projects and proposals of the candidates on the basis of ecological, social and economic criteria. Every town in the area covered by the Alpine Convention can apply for the award.
The designated Alpine Town of the Year organizes a workshop during which its programme is presented at least six months before the actual Alpine Town Year. During the Alpine Town Year there will be at least three international events and two sustainable projects will be realized. 
The award and the cooperation across linguistic and geographical borders put the participating towns into the limelight, give wide publicity to their efforts for sustainable development and strengthen the links among the participating towns. The Alpine Town Year can also stimulate the realization of projects: the Dobratsch Nature Park in Villach (Austria), for example, is based on the Alpine Town concept.
Objectives.
The Alpine Town of the Year Association has five objectives:
The "Alpine Town of the Year" Association.
The towns which have received the "Alpine Town of the Year" award cooperate in the Association. The Association has an office in Bad Reichenhall, Germany.
The Jury.
The jury examines the submissions and makes a recommendation on the next Alpine Town of the Year to the General Meeting. It provides the town with advice on substantive issues and receives the town’s final report. The jury consists of three representatives of Alpine-wide organizations. They are elected every two years by the General Meeting. The present members are Norbert Weixlbaumer (CIPRA International), Antonio Zambon (Community Network Alliance in the Alps) and Gerhard Leeb (Pro Vita Alpina).
The General Assembly.
The representatives of the Alpine Towns of the Year meet twice a year in a different town. The General Assembly elects the Alpine Town of the Year, the jury and the Board, and determines the overall orientation of the Association’s activities. The General Association also serves as a personal communication platform among the towns, overcoming linguistic barriers.
The Board.
The Board has three to five members - burgomasters or their legitimate representatives. The Board is responsible for the day-to-day activities of the Association. Its present members are Thierry Billet (president, Annecy), Bojan Sever (vice president, Idrija), Hubert Buhl (assessor, Sonthofen) and Patrizia Trincanato (assessor, Bolzano).
The Consultant.
Every town designates a contact person or consultant who serves as the interface between the town, the other members and the Association’s office. He or she is also responsible for the local realization of the Association’s objectives.
The Office.
The office is responsible for the Association’s day-to-day activities; it has been run by CIPRA International since 2003. CIPRA has been represented on the jury since 1997.
Projects.
Every Alpine town implements at least two local projects reflecting the Association’s objectives in its Alpine Town Year. These are stored in an online data bank. In addition, any other projects are regularly presented in the Association’s newsletter, which appears in four languages.
The Alpine Town Association is a partner in the Alpine Space Programme Alpstar. The project’s objective is to make the Alps a climate-neutral region. The project started in July 2011 and will end in March 2014.
Cooperation.
The Alpine Convention.
In 2008, the Permanent Secretariat of the Alpine Convention and the Association signed a Memorandum of Understanding for continuous cooperation. The Association has been an official observer with the Alpine Convention since 2011. As such, the Association takes part in the meetings of the Permanent Commission and in the biennial Alpine Conference. The Association has no voting rights but can submit its proposals directly to the policy makers of the participating countries.
The Municipal Network "Alliance in the Alps".
There is a regular exchange of information between the municipal network "Alliance in the Alps" and the Association, for example during the joint meetings of the Boards. In addition, there are towns which are members of both networks, such as Sonthofen and Annecy.
The International Commission for the Protection of the Alps (CIPRA) runs the Association’s office and is represented on the jury. The Association and CIPRA, among other things, jointly organize events. An international meeting in Lecco (Italy), for example, is planned in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36583283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583283" title="Wang Shijia">
Wang Shijia

Wang Shijia is a Chinese swimmer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay and Women's 200 metre freestyle for China.

</doc>
<doc id="36583286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583286" title="Qavi Khan">
Qavi Khan

Muhammad Qavi Khan, better known by his screen name Qavi Khan, is a Pakistani film and television actor. He has also worked in Radio Pakistan and on stage. He was born on 15 November 1932. Though now largely working in television, he has been in 200 films.
Career.
Early years, Radio Pakistan and PTV.
Khan started at the age of five at Radio Pakistan. After success, he went on to work in Pakistani television in 1964 when the TVs became more common in the country, being one of the first actors of PTV. He started his film career in 1965.
Retiring from films and television plays.
He retired from films and began supporting actor roles in the various television plays. Some of his recent works are:

</doc>
<doc id="36583299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583299" title="Muhammad Ali (footballer)">
Muhammad Ali (footballer)

Muhammad Ali (born on April 10, 1985) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSAP Sigli in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36583319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583319" title="Mount Kujū">
Mount Kujū


</doc>
<doc id="36583356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583356" title="Helema Williams">
Helema Williams

Helema Williams (born 11 October 1991 in Tauhunu, Cook Islands) is a Cook Islander sailor. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Laser Radial class event where she finished last. She was the flag bearer for the Cook Islands during the opening ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="36583358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583358" title="Péter Sidi">
Péter Sidi

Péter Sidi (born 11 September 1978 in Komárom) is a Hungarian sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle, Men's 50 metre rifle prone and Men's 50 metre rifle 3 positions.

</doc>
<doc id="36583361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583361" title="Lancia E290">
Lancia E290

Lancia E290 is an Italian electric truck produced from 1941 to 1947 from Lancia.
History.
The truck is used during 2nd World War.
Technical characteristic.
The maximum speed on the truck is and the transmission is 4x2. The emissions are 0 g/km.
The weight of the Lancia E290 is around 5 t.
Production.
From the electric version 61 examples were produced.
Used Information.
Camion Lancia, Massimo Condolo

</doc>
<doc id="36583367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583367" title="Alin Moldoveanu">
Alin Moldoveanu

Alin Moldoveanu (; born 3 May 1983, in Focșani) is a Romanian 10 m Air Rifle sport shooter, Olympic champion at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He also competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics where he ranked fourth.
Moldoveanu won the gold medal in the 10 m Air Rifle in the London Olympics 2012 with a total score of 702.1. In the qualifying round, he scored 599 points, managing to equal the Olympic record set by China’s Zhu Qinan in Athens in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36583372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583372" title="Come of Age">
Come of Age

Come of Age is the second studio album by London band The Vaccines, which was released on 3 September 2012. It follows their debut album "What Did You Expect from The Vaccines?", released the previous year. It was produced by Ethan Johns and reached number one in the UK.
The album's title comes from a line in the song "No Hope".
Track listing.
All lyrics written by Justin Hayward-Young, all music composed by The Vaccines
Album Art.
The image on the front cover of the album is a photo of four androgynous teenage girls, each representing a different member of the band.

</doc>
<doc id="36583380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583380" title="Niccolò Campriani">
Niccolò Campriani

Niccolò Campriani (born November 6, 1987) is an Italian sport shooter. He competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing in the men's 10 metre air rifle, men's small-bore rifle, three positions, 50 metres and men's small-bore rifle, prone, 50 metres, and at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 10 metre air rifle winning silver and in the men's 50 metre rifle three positions winning gold with a total of 1278.5 points.
Biography.
After participating in the 2008 Summer Olympics, achieving his best result in 12th place in the 10 meter rifle, he won the gold medal at Euro 2009. On July 31, 2010 he won the gold medal at the World Shooting Championships in the 10 meter rifle, allowing him also to qualify for the 2012 Summer Olympics. On July 29, 2012 he won the silver medal at the Olympics in the 10m rifle final. On August 6, 2012 he won a gold medal at the Olympics in the 50m three position rifle final.
He was also the first Italian in the history of shooting to win an individual world title. In the same competition he also won a bronze medal in the team in the same discipline. In 2011 he obtained a bronze medal at the European championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36583382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583382" title="Midori Yajima">
Midori Yajima

Midori Yajima is a Japanese sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36583384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583384" title="Ruslan Ismailov">
Ruslan Ismailov

Ruslan Ismailov (born 22 November 1986 in Bishkek) is a Kyrgyzstani sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle and the Men's 50 metre rifle three positions.

</doc>
<doc id="36583385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583385" title="Gabriela Traña">
Gabriela Traña

Gabriela Traña Trigueros (born 3 March 1980 in Alajuela, Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican long-distance runner.
Biography.
She competed in the marathon at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics. In 2012, she was also the flag bearer for the Costa Rican team during the opening ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="36583386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583386" title="Han Jin-seop">
Han Jin-seop

Han Jin-seop (born September 7, 1981) is a South Korean sport shooter. He has twice represented his country at the Olympics.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics, he finished 26th in the Men's 10 metre air rifle and 15th in the Men's 50 metre rifle 3 positions.
He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle finishing in 32nd place, 9th in the Men's 50 metre rifle 3 positions and 6th in the Men's 50 metre rifle prone.

</doc>
<doc id="36583390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583390" title="Kim Jong-hyun">
Kim Jong-hyun

Kim Jong-hyun (born July 21, 1985) is a South Korean sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36583395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583395" title="Diddle (disambiguation)">
Diddle (disambiguation)

A diddle is a type of drum rudiment.
Diddle may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36583396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583396" title="Attenborough and the Giant Egg">
Attenborough and the Giant Egg

Attenborough and The Giant Egg is a 2011 British nature documentary presented and written by David Attenborough. The documentary is a follow-up of an episode in Madagascar, filmed in 1960, for Attenborough's earliest nature documentary series, "Zoo Quest". In that episode, a native boy gave Attenborough a collection of large pieces of eggshell, which Attenborough temporarily pieced together with sticky tape to form a complete eggshell of the extinct elephant bird. The egg is the subject of the 2011 documentary, which is an hour long and premiered on 2 March 2011.
The documentary explores the history of the elephant bird, what led to its extinction, and the role of conservation in preventing the extinction of critically endangered species. The extinction of the elephant bird is attributed to human activity. The birds were once widespread, but deforestation and the hunting of the bird's eggs led to the species' decline. Attenborough compares the factors that led to the extinction of the elephant bird with the threats facing critically endangered species in the present.
Reception.
John Walsh of "The Independent" praised the film, especially Attenborough's role as a presenter, calling it a "bitty but fascinating documentary." Michael Deacon, a critic for"The Daily Telegraph", wrote that the documentary demonstrated the "evolution of television presentation," and commended Attenborough for his "rare and unteachable ability to speak as if addressing you alone, rather than an audience of millions." Andrew Anthony of "The Guardian" was critical of the backstory of the documentary, writing that it exaggerated the mystery of the egg. However, Anthony lauded Attenborough, commenting that "Attenborough's enduring passion for the planet's innumerable lifeforms remains one of television's abiding achievements."

</doc>
<doc id="36583397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583397" title="Bayaraa Nyantai">
Bayaraa Nyantai

Bayaraa Nyantai is a Mongolian sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36583398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583398" title="Arge melanochroa">
Arge melanochroa

Arge melanochroa is a species belonging to the family Argidae subfamily Arginae.
Description.
The adults grow up to long and can be encountered from May to July. The head, the antennae and the thorax are black, while the abdomen is reddish orange. Femurs are black and tibiae are yellow.
This species is very similar to Arge cyanocrocea, but in "A. melanochroa" the front wings have just a dark spot in proximity of the stigma, while the distal half (the apex) of the wings is transparent. This sawfly can also be confused with "Athalia rosae" (Tenthredinidae), but in "Arge melanochroa" the antennae are composed of three sections, the third of which is greatly elongated, while in "Athalia rosae" the antennae are composed of 10–11 items.
Distribution.
This Sawfly is present in Europe.
Ecology.
Adult feed on nectar and pollen of "Apiaceae" (mainly "Heracleum sphondylium" and "Laserpitium latifolium"), while larvae feed on "Crataegus" species. 

</doc>
<doc id="36583400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583400" title="Peter Hellenbrand">
Peter Hellenbrand

Peter Hellenbrand (born 7 December 1985, Brunssum) is a Dutch sport shooter. 
Hellenbrand competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle, which is his strongest area in the sport.

</doc>
<doc id="36583413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583413" title="Hutton Hall (Guisborough)">
Hutton Hall (Guisborough)

Hutton Hall is a grade II listed country house in the Hutton Lowcross area to the south west of Guisborough, North Yorkshire, England. It was built in 1866 by Alfred Waterhouse for industrialist Joseph Pease.

</doc>
<doc id="36583424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583424" title="Ole Magnus Bakken">
Ole Magnus Bakken

Ole Magnus Bakken is a Norwegian sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36583426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583426" title="Are Hansen">
Are Hansen

Are Hansen is a Norwegian sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle and Men's 50 metre rifle 3 positions events. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 10 metre air rifle event only.

</doc>
<doc id="36583427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583427" title="Simon Beyeler">
Simon Beyeler

Simon Beyeler is a Swiss sport shooter. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 10 metre air rifle. In the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's 10 metre air rifle and the Men's 50 metre rifle 3 positions.

</doc>
<doc id="36583429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583429" title="Baillieu Library">
Baillieu Library

The Baillieu Library is the University of Melbourne's largest discipline library, housing impressive collections relating to teaching and research in the arts, humanities and social sciences. It is located on the west side of the University’s inner city Parkville Campus, near the corner of Grattan Street and Royal Parade. The building was designed by John Scarborough, and opened in 1959. It was refurbished in 2011-2012. It is named after the Baillieu family who funded the library through the William Baillieu Trust.
The building.
John Francis Deighton Scarborough’s first involvement with The University of Melbourne was during the mid-1940s as a lecturer in architecture. In 1948 he designed the extension to the Old Quadrangle Library before being appointed the architect for the Baillieu Library in 1952. John Scarborough had a practice under the name of "The Office of John F. D. Scarborough Architects" and had two associates who were undergraduate students studying at The University of Melbourne - Ken Hunt and Ian Watkins. Ian Watkins along with Barry Axtens (whom Ian met in London) prepared the drawings for the library and Ken Atkins worked with Axel Lodewycks (who was the librarian at the time) on developing and expanding the library.
Collections.
The Baillieu Library consists of four levels. Each level houses a separate collection. 
This level is a designated as a silent study area which contains a vast amount of primary and secondary source microform materials. Photocopiers and library computers are also available for collecting data. 
The High Use Collection contains recommended reading materials assigned by lecturers and staff. Due to their high demand, most items have shorter loan periods, either overnight or hourly. The High Use Collection is where students and staff collect their borrowing requests. The IT Help Desk is also located on this floor. 
The General Collection was created for undergraduate and postgraduate studies in Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences. This collection uses the Dewey Classification System. Folio (large size) books are located at the end of each main Dewey sequence. 
A number of different collections fall into this category: The East Asian Collection, The Louise Hanson-Dyer Music library, Special Collections, The University of Melbourne Archives and Government Documents. 
The East Asian Collection focuses on materials in Chinese and Japanese languages. It contains a small English reference collection. 
The Louise Hanson-Dyer Music Library supports the teaching and research programmes of the Faculty of VCA and Music at The University of Melbourne. Its resources broadly cover the history and research of Western Art Music, concentrating on Musicology, Ethnomusicology, Composition, Performance, Music Education and Music Therapy. 
The Special Collection holds over 200,000 volumes of books, pamphlets and journals. There are also ‘closed access’ archival materials, classified as such due to their value, age or uniqueness in order to ensure their preservation. These materials are available for research use in the Cultural Collections Reading Room, located on the same floor. 
The University of Melbourne Archives provide access to the historical records of the university, Victorian business, trade unions, community and cultural groups, as well as personal papers of many prominent individuals within these organisations. The materials are available for research use in the Cultural Collections Reading Room. 
Government Documents have a comprehensive collection of Australian and Victorian Government publications in addition to selected holdings for other states and territories. A substantial selection of British parliamentary debates and papers, along with publications from the United States Congress are also available.

</doc>
<doc id="36583430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583430" title="Pascal Lorentan">
Pascal Lorentan

Pascal Lorentan is a Swiss sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36583433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583433" title="Epidaurus (disambiguation)">
Epidaurus (disambiguation)

Epidaurus is a Greek city in the Saronic Gulf.
Epidaurus may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36583435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583435" title="Alexei Kamenski">
Alexei Kamenski

Alexei Kamenski is a Russian sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36583438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583438" title="Alexandre Sokolov">
Alexandre Sokolov

Alexandre Sokolov is a Russian sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36583439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583439" title="Mangala Samarakoon">
Mangala Samarakoon

Mangala Samarakoon is a Sri Lankan sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 10 metre air rifle and men's 50 metre rifle prone. He failed to advance in both.

</doc>
<doc id="36583440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583440" title="Zourah Ali">
Zourah Ali

Zourah Ali (born 23 November 1994 in Ali Sabieh, Djibouti) is a Djiboutian runner. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 400m event, she was not qualified to the semifinals, she ran 400 meters in 1:05.37 minutes and ended the games in the 44th place.
She was the flag bearer for Djibouti at the opening ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="36583442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583442" title="Serhiy Kulish">
Serhiy Kulish

Serhiy Kulish is a Ukrainian sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 10 metre air rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36583444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583444" title="Rudi Lausarot">
Rudi Lausarot

Rudi Pablo Lausarot Bobenrieth (born 3 April 1975 in Young) is a Uruguayan 10 m Air Rifle sport shooter. 
He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle and at the 2011 Pan American Games in the Men's 10 metre air rifle.

</doc>
<doc id="36583446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583446" title="Jonathan Hall (sport shooter)">
Jonathan Hall (sport shooter)

Jonathan Hall is an American sport shooter. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 10 metre air rifle.
References.
Jonathan Hall is the third son of Joe and Creaestia Hall
Jonathan's brothers are James Hall the eldest, Joseph Hall, and Jacob Hall the "Baby boy" all of the Hall brothers shoot.
James Hall Currently Works as the Match director for the Civilian Marksmanship Program (CMP) in Anniston Al and shoots Air Pistol (.177 cal)
Joseph Hall currently shoots for the Army Marksmanship Unit (AMU) in Fort Benning, Ga and competes in Air Rifle (.177 cal) and Smallbore (.22 cal, 3-Position).
Jacob Hall the youngest of the hall brother quad and is current attending Columbus Technical College in Columbus Ga where he is working on his degree in Business Management. Jacob also shoots Air Pistol (.177 cal)
Jonathan Hall started shooting because his two older brothers were in the sport. 
The way the "Hall Boys" got started in the shooting sports is because the neighbor kid had received a BB gun for Christmas, and Jonathan's oldest brother wanted one too. when James asked their anti gun (at the time) mother if they could get a BB gun, at first she refused but then she figured she could "bore" her children out of wanting a gun by sending them to a day hunter safety education course. where Jonathan and his brothers met the Local 4-H BB program coach and it all started from there.

</doc>
<doc id="36583453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583453" title="Måsstaden">
Måsstaden

Måsstaden is the debut album of the Swedish progressive metal band Vildhjarta. Released on 28 November 2011
, the album peaked at 37 on the Top Heatseekers chart. This was the first release to feature new vocalist Vilhelm Bladin and the last release to feature founding member and third guitarist Jimmie Åkerström, before he was asked to leave the band in 2012. Åkerström was never replaced and thus left Vildhjarta without a third guitarist since his leaving.
Reception.
The album received generally positive critical reviews. Natalie Zed of About.com gave the album 3.5/5 and said that "For fans of djent, this is definitely an album to pay attention to", describing the instrumentation as "dense as a forest of thorns, the songs are constructed in such a way that the listener has room to explore, to wander, and to eventually get lost and caught within the sound."
Nina Saeidi writing for Metal Injection was very positive about the album, and concluded that "Måsstaden is stunningly beautiful and filled with a dark energy that is often hard to find in the copycat genre in which Vildhjarta are boundary pushers. This album is perfect for those in need of a fast and furious djent fix with the occasional unexpected interlude that will take you by surprise."
While Metal Underground were still on the whole positive about the album, they were critical that "for as good as the music is, Vildhjarta don't do much to step out of the shadow of their main inspiration, making comparisons to Meshuggah at times a bit too accurate", though they concluded the review by saying "“Masstaden” is a good album from a new band that's more of a taste of what's to come, rather than a fully evolved sound. The clean vocals on "Traces" are a promising sign and hopefully, with time, Vildhjarta will evolve into something much greater. They have the talent; it's now just whether or not they have the creativity."

</doc>
<doc id="36583457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583457" title="List of painted churches in Cyprus">
List of painted churches in Cyprus

There are over sixty churches in Cyprus with Byzantine and post-Byzantine wall paintings. Of these, ten that are situated in the Troodos Mountains have been inscribed jointly on the UNESCO World Heritage List as the Painted Churches in the Troodos Region.
History.
The origins of Christianity on the island may be traced to the visit of St. Paul, St. Barnabas and St. Mark around AD 46. After the fall of the western Roman Empire, Cyprus came under the sway of Byzantium, although the timely discovery of Barnabas' relics helped the Church of Cyprus uphold its autocephaly. The crusader Kingdom of Cyprus outlived the Fall of Constantinople by a generation; the subsequent sale of the island to Venice led to a brief period of Italo-Byzantine painting. In 1571 Cyprus fell to the Ottomans and the practice of ecclesiastic wall painting largely came to an end.
Organization of space.
Subject to the layout of each church, the iconographic schema typically accords with the classic Byzantine , evident also in Byzantine mosaic decoration, the three zones comprising: (1) the dome and conch of the apse; (2) the pendentives, squinches and upper vaults; and (3) the lower, secondary vaults and walls. The first is reserved for depictions of the holiest persons, the Christ Pantokrator and the Virgin; the second for scenes from the Life of Christ and the festival cycle; and the third for the choir of intercessory saints.
Preservation.
Since the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974, a number of churches in the north have been looted and their wall paintings detached to supply the international antiquities trade. Among them is the Church of St. Evphemianos in Lysi: the thirteenth-century Pantrokrator and surrounding angels were detached, leaving their feet behind; the paintings were then acquired for the Menil Collection and displayed at the Byzantine Fresco Chapel in Houston, Texas before their repatriation to the south in 2012. Meanwhile, many churches in the south been the subject of conservation interventions, conducted by the Department of Antiquities, Dumbarton Oaks and the Courtauld Institute of Art, aimed at reconciling the competing demands of stability, legibility and authenticity within the framework of ongoing devotional practice.

</doc>
<doc id="36583471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583471" title="Valls (disambiguation)">
Valls (disambiguation)

Valls is a municipality in Catalonia, Spain.
Valls may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36583481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583481" title="Ilunga Mande Zatara">
Ilunga Mande Zatara

Ilunga Mande Zatara (born 12 March 1983 in Kipushi, DR Congo) is a DR Congolese runner. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the marathon event and was flag bearer for the Democratic Republic of the Congo team at the opening ceremony. He did not finish the event.

</doc>
<doc id="36583482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583482" title="Faits des Romains">
Faits des Romains

The Faits des Romains (Li Fet des Romains; Acts of the Romans) is a Medieval work of prose written in Old French, composed in the Île-de-France, or by a native of that region, around 1213–14. It chronicles the life of Julius Caesar.
Details.
It is primarily a compilation from the works of four Roman writers: Caesar himself, Lucan, Suetonius and Sallust. It is the first biography wholly dedicated to the Roman leader in the vernacular; the historical text also uses literary techniques borrowed from the romance or the chanson de geste.
The anonymous compiler and translator sometimes borrowed the full texts of other works, such as Sallust's "De coniuratione Catilinae" or Caesar's "Commentarii de Bello Gallico", for which the "Faits" are the first translations into French. He followed his Latin models step by step while constantly adapting the text to the civilisation of his time. In the case of the "Commentarii de Bello Gallico", like other medieval writers he incorrectly attributes it not to Caesar himself but to a grammarian, Julius Celsus Constantinus. In his account of the civil war, he followed not Caesar's work, but Lucan's epic poem "Pharsalia". Unlike, for example, the author of the contemporary "Histoire ancienne jusqu'à César", he renders all the material in consistently styled prose.
Reception.
The "Faits des Romains" was the most popular of several contemporary Old French works of primarily Roman history; beginning in the 14th century, it was a popular manuscript commission, and it remained popular until the end of the Middle Ages. The work was copied to more than fifty manuscripts, many illuminated. Notably, around 1470, Jean Fouquet painted the miniatures of a now dismembered manuscript, of which five sheets are currently held in the Louvre.
The text was translated into Italian in the 13th century and into Portuguese in the 15th century, before 1466, as "Vida e feitos di Julio Cesar".
Medieval French authors who wrote about Caesar do not refer to the original Latin texts but to the "Faits des Romains", and the text is thus the origin of Caesar's exceptional popularity in aristocratic circles throughout the Middle Ages.
The author portrays Caesar in more or less medieval terms, and focusses on the threat to liberty represented by his power, and on the fight of the Gauls under Vercingetorix for liberty from the Romans; he links the two by relating Caesar's fall to his conquest of Gaul; the text can thus be seen as an allegory of contemporary issues of the aristocratic struggle against the power of the crown.

</doc>
<doc id="36583485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583485" title="Wu Wenbing">
Wu Wenbing

Wu Wenbing is a Chinese football midfielder who played for China in the 1988 Asian Cup. He also played for Guangdong

</doc>
<doc id="36583489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583489" title="Mario Gimeno">
Mario Gimeno

Mario Gimeno Alonso, simply Mario (born 5 October 1969 in Madrid), is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36583493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583493" title="Normann Palace">
Normann Palace

Normann Palace () or County Government Palace () is a building of County Government of Osijek-Baranja County in Osijek, Croatia.
History.
It was designed by Josip Vancaš and built since 1891 to 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="36583502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583502" title="Zhai Biao">
Zhai Biao

Zhai Biao is a Chinese football midfielder who played for China in the 1988 Asian Cup. He also played for Beijing

</doc>
<doc id="36583524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583524" title="William S. Howes">
William S. Howes

William S. Howes (June 25, 1926 – July 12, 2000 ) was a farmer, municipal secretary and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Kerrobert-Kindersley from 1964 to 1971 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal.
He was born in Kindersley, Saskatchewan, the son of William H. Howes and Hazel May Skinkle, and was educated there. In 1947, he married Carrie Lou Carrie Lou Naffziger. Howes served as deputy speaker in the Saskatchewan assembly. He was defeated by Alex Taylor when he ran for reelection to the assembly in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="36583528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583528" title="Zhang Xiaowen (footballer)">
Zhang Xiaowen (footballer)

Zhang Xiaowen ( born 15 July 1964) is a former Chinese international football Defender who played for Guangdong throughout his career as well as representing China in the 1988 Olympics and 1988 Asian Cup.
Biography.
Zhang started his career playing for the Guangdong youth football team before being promoted to the team's senior squad in the 1983 league season. After establishing himself as a regular within the team, he was called up to the Chinese national team and played within the 1988 Olympics. While China had a disappointing tournament after being knocked out in the group stages, Zhang was still called up to represent China as he played within the 1988 Asian Cup, where they finished fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="36583537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583537" title="John More (c. 1520 – c. 1576)">
John More (c. 1520 – c. 1576)

John More (c. 1520 - c. 1576), was an English politician.
He was a member (MP) of the Parliament of England for West Looe in 1559 and Dartmouth in 1563.

</doc>
<doc id="36583539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583539" title="Edi Kurnia">
Edi Kurnia

Edi Kurnia (born on October 2, 1983) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Pelita Bandung Raya in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36583540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583540" title="Para-athletics classification">
Para-athletics classification

Para-athletics classification at the Paralympic Games is the basis for determining who can compete in specific athletic sports, and within which class. Classification is handled by the International Paralympic Committee, with classification spelled in the "IPC Athletics Classification Handbook." People with physical, vision and intellectual disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport. The classification for this sport was created during the 1940s and for much of its early history was a medical condition based classification system. The classification system has subsequently become a functional mobility based one, and is moving towards an evidence-based classification system.
Definition.
Para-athletics classification at the Paralympic Games is the basis for determining who can compete in specific athletic sports, and within which class. It is used for the purposes of establishing fair competition. The general rules for para-athletics are based on rules intended for able-bodied competitors. The blind classifications are based on medical classification, no functional classification.
Beyond the level of vision impairment, research done at the Central Institute on Employment Abilities of the Handicapped in Moscow has found differences in functional capabilities based on differences in visual acuity. This plays a significant role in athletics races.
Governance.
Classification is handled by the International Paralympic Committee, with classification spelled in the "IPC Athletics Classification Handbook." While CP-ISRA has an interest in the sport because it is open to people with cerebral palsy, it is not governed by them. In 1983, the rules for this sport and approval for classification was done by the International Amateur Athletics Federation. At the 1992 Games, athletics classification was governed by four different sporting bodies including the IBSA, ISOD, ISMWSF and the CP-ISRA.
Eligibility.
, people with physical, vision and intellectual disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport.
History.
The classification for this sport was created during the 1940s and for much of its early history was a medical condition based classification system. An example of classification in this period was L2 SCI, which was for competitors who had normal functioning except for lower limb paralysis. These competitors would not compete in wheelchair races against double above the knee amputees because, while their functional disabilities were similar, their medical conditions were not. The first wheelchair races took place by 1952 at the Stoke Mandeville Hospital. By 1955, Germans had realised there was a need for classification in athletics event because it was systematically unfair to insist a double leg above the knee amputee compete against able bodied athletes in events like the shotput.
In 1964, the International Sport Organization for the Disabled (ISOD) was created. They created the first formal classification system, which had 27 classes. This was reduced to 12 classes for the 1976 Summer Paralympics and was further reduced to nine classes for the 1992 Summer Paralympics. During the late 1960s and early 1970s, the classification system, set up as a series of "handicaps", was seen as problematic because in an effort to clearly describe a disability and promote fairness, the number of classifications made the organisation of competitive events difficult. There were too few people in a classification to the point where an international event for people with disabilities said "1000 competitors = 1000 winners." There were some expectations to this in classes like double leg paralysis as a result of brain or spinal injury and single leg amputations.
In 1983, classification for cerebral palsy competitors in this sport was done by the Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA). There were five cerebral palsy classifications. That year, 80 to 85% of all competitors with cerebral palsy competed in the same classification. There was separate classification for track events and field events. Class 2 competitors would compete in the 20 metre race using arm propulsion, 60 metre race using leg propulsion, 200 metre race using leg propulsion and the 3 x 60 metre shuttle relay event, which required 3 competitors from class 2 and 3 of which one had to be a class 2 competitor. In field events, competitors could compete in the medicine ball thrust, the kick ball event, the club throw event and the shotput. 
In 1983, Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA) set eligibility rules for classification. They defined cerebral palsy as a non-progressive brain legion that results in impairment. People with cerebral palsy or non-progressive brain damage were eligible for classification by them. The organisation also dealt with classification for people with similar impairments. For their classification system, people with spina bifida were not eligible unless they had medical evidence of loco-motor dysfunction. People with cerebral palsy and epilepsy were eligible provided the condition did not interfere with their ability to compete. People who had strokes were eligible for classification following medical clearance. Competitors with multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and arthrogryposis were not eligible for classification by CP-ISRA, but were eligible for classification by International Sports Organisation for the Disabled for the Games of Les Autres. 
During the 1980s, there were 8 classes for cerebral palsy competitors, 3 classes for competitors with visual impairments, 9 classes for competitors with ambulatory issues and six classes for Les Autres athletes. Intellectual disability athletics classifications existed by the 1984 within the context of the Special Olympics. In some cases, one intellectual disability class existed with events broken down by age in order to allow equal competition for runners. Some of these races were held in Canada and disability classes competed during able bodied events. 
Going into the 1992 Summer Paralympics, there was a push to move more towards a functional classification system by the International Coordinating Committee and the Technical Committee of the International Paralympic Committee. This came to a head at the November 1989 meeting of the Barcelona Olympics Organising Committee, when a discussion was started about what events and classifications should be eligible for the Games. A study by the organising committee and the Polytechnic University of Catalonia in the lead up to the meeting. It looked at the results for the 1984 and 1987 Stoke Mandeville Games, the 1984 New York Games, a 1985 Brussels competition, a 1985 Rome competition, a 1986 Puerto Rico competition, a 1987 Paris competition, the 1988 Seoul Games and a 1989 Nottingham competition. The study proposed a series of classes, based on the competitive results, for use in Barcelona. The local organising committee was insistent such a system be implemented to insure the sport at the Paralympic Games was serious and competitive, instead of recreational. The suggestions for classification were then implemented for sports such as swimming and athletics. During the late 1980s and early 1990s there was a movement away from medical classification and into functional classification systems. Following this, the 1992 Summer Paralympics had four wheelchair racing classifications, down from 7 at the 1988 Summer Paralympics.
During the 1990s, there was a decision to try to fix athlete classification so that competitors could have more certainty in which classification they would compete in before attending an event. This was a big change as previously, athletes would be classified right before and during an event.
In 1992, the International Paralympic Committee formally took control of governance for disability sport. The Games were the first ones where athletes of different types of disabilities competed against each other, athletes had a guaranteed right to appeal their classification.
The wheelchair classifications were part of the 1994 Commonwealth Games.
Going into the 2000 Summer Paralympics, there were concerns raised by members of the cerebral palsy community about the need to maintain a multiple functional classification system inside this sport specifically for this class of athletes given the large range of functional ability inside the community with cerebral palsy and other motor functional disabilities. Several classes in this sport were included in the 2002 Commonwealth Games. The new classification system made T1 equivalent to <C6 neurological impairment level and 1A for medical classification, T2 equivalent to CYB neurological impairment level, and 1B and 1C for medical classification, T3 equivalent to C7-T7 neurological impairment level, and 1c, 2 and 3 for medical classification, and T4 equivalent to T8-S2 neurological impairment level and 3, 4, 5 and 6 for medical classification. At the 1996 Summer Paralympics, there were 44 athletics classifications, 20 for track and 24 for field. The classifications covered four broad disability types. In 1997, there were four spinal injury related classifications for wheelchair track athletes. They were T1 for tetraplegics, T2 for competitors with partial mobility in their trunk and arms, T3 for competitors who had use of their trunk halfway down and good arms, and T4 for able-bodied athletes from the waist and things, which also included double amputees. A classification system from F1 to F7 existing at the time for wheelchair competitors in field events. A classification system also existed for blind athletes from B1 to B3. In 2005, athletics had fifty different races for the 100 metre race when gender and classification events were totaled. These include seven wheelchair classifications, six les autres classes, nine amputee classes, eight cebral palsy classes, and three blinded classes. Functional classifications continued to be used in the 2010s.
The debate about inclusion of competitors into able-bodied competitions was seen by some disability sport advocates like Horst Strokhkendl as a hindrance to the development of an independent classification system not based on the rules for able-bodied sport.
Classes.
There are four classifications for wheelchair athletes with cerebral palsy and similar movement disorders: T31, T32, T33 and T34. There are also four classes for wheelchair athletes with other impairments, such as spinal cord injury. They include T51, T52, T53 and T54. The T54 classification currently in use is comparable to but broader than the early L2 SCI classification. Like L2 SCI, it includes competitors with normal functioning except for lower limb paralysis; unlike SCI L2, it also includes bilateral leg amputees. If a racer's abdominal muscles are paralysed, they may be classified as an T53. Events for wheelchair class athletes range from 100 metre races to the marathon.
In athletics, bilateral below the elbow amputations have a minimal impact on functional ability to run distances. As a result, athletic classifications differ from swimming because of the differences in body use requirements impacting performance.
Levels of classification.
There are levels of classification available: Provisional, National and International. The first is for athletes who do not have access to a full classification panel; it is a temporary indication of class, used only in lower levels of competition. The second can be used in all domestic competitions. To compete internationally, an International-level classification is required.
At the Paralympic Games.
Wheelchair racing was one of the foundation sports at the original 1960 Summer Paralympics. Only wheelchair classified athletes were eligible to compete at the 1960 Summer Paralympics in Rome in this sport. This continued at the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo and 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv.
As demonstration sports, amputee and visually impaired classifications were allowed to compete in athletics for the first at time at 1972 Summer Paralympics. Competitors with cerebral palsy classifications were allowed to compete at the Paralympics for the first time at the 1984 Summer Paralympics.
At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, all disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through all the major classifying bodies, with classification being done based on disability type. General and functional classification took place in the Paralympic Village in block 2 from 29 to 31 August.
At the 1996 Paralympic Games, on the spot classification required sporting equipment available for classifiers to use to assess field competitors' classification. At the 1996 Summer Paralympics, classification was important because if on the spot classifications resulted in changes to a competitor's classification, it impacted the competition schedule. Consequently, on the spot classification or re-classification, was viewed as a negative aspect for these Games and the Paralympic movement overall. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 215 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 30 class changes. 3 of these were protested by a national Paralympic committee and 9 by PNS. 8 of these were upheld and 4 were denied. There were 28 classification appeals lodged for athletics at the 2000 Summer Paralympics involving 18 athletes which resulted in 10 class changes.
Future.
Disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583541" title="Para-swimming classification">
Para-swimming classification

Para-swimming classification is a function-based classification system designed to allow for fair competition in disability swimming. The classes are prefixed with "S" for freestyle, butterfly and backstroke events, "SB" for breaststroke and "SM" for individual medley events. Swimmers with physical disabilities are divided into ten classes based on their degree of functional disability. Those with visual impairments are placed in three additional classes. A final class, S14, is reserved for swimmers with intellectual disabilities.
Swimming was one of the first organised sports for people with disabilities, and was contested at the first Summer Paralympics in 1960. Both the rules for the sport and approval of classifications were the responsibility of the Fédération International de Natation Amateur (FINA) until 1992, when the International Paralympic Committee took over the governance of classification. As of 2012, people with visual, physical and intellectual disabilities are eligible to compete in the sport. The classification system was originally based on medical criteria, but has since moved to one largely based on functional disability to make para-swimming more competitive. The sport is currently moving towards an evidence-based classification system.
Definition.
Para-swimming classification is based on a system in which functional criteria are assessed. Athletes who have different physical disabilities may compete in the same class so long as their functional impairments are similar. In swimming, amputations of the arms below the elbow have a significant impact on functional ability. As a result, swimming classifications differ from athletics classifications. Swimmers are divided into ten classes based on degree of functional disability: S1, S2, S3, S4, S5, S6, S7, S8, S9 and S10. The most severely affected are in class S1; these swimmers are normally wheelchair-bound outside the pool. Classes are prefixed with the letter "S" for freestyle, butterfly and backstroke events, while those prefixed with "SB" are for breaststroke, and those with "SM" for individual medley events. This is because different strokes require the use of different muscle groups. In the case of the breaststroke, for example, the hand and the hip play a crucial role. Because of this, a swimmer may compete in one class for one stroke and a different class for another. It also means that swimmers with cerebral palsy, spinal cord injuries and limb deficiencies may compete against each other. 
There are three additional classes, S11, S12 and S13, for visually impaired swimmers. The lower number indicates a greater degree of impairment: class S11 swimmers are blind or nearly blind, and compete in blacked-out goggles. They each have a "tapper" who uses a pole or "bonker" to warn the swimmer that they are approaching the end of the pool. The visual classifications are based on medical classification, and not on functional mobility. A final class, S14, is for intellectually disabled swimmers. This class was dropped for the 2004 Summer Paralympics and the 2008 Summer Paralympics, but was restored for the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The general rules for Paralympic swimming are based on those intended for able-bodied competitors. The rules regarding strokes, turns and the length of time that swimmers may remain under water are similar to those for the Olympic Games. Events take place in a standard 50m pool. Swimmers may dive in or start in the water. Swimmers may not use any assistive technology while competing. 
Governance.
Swimming was one of the eight sports contested in the first Paralympics, the 1960 Summer Paralympics in Rome. Both the rules for the sport and for the approval of swimmers' classifications were set by the Fédération International de Natation Amateur (FINA). In 1992, the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) formally became the governing body for disability swimming. Four different sporting bodies, the International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA), International Sports Federation of the Disabled (ISOD), International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation (ISMWSF) and the Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA), assisted the IPC in governing swimming at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. The IPC Classification Code and IPC Swimming govern the classification process. Classification of swimmers is performed by classifiers that are recognised by the IPC.
History.
The earliest classification system for para-swimming was created during the 1940s. At this time, swimmers were classified based on their medical conditions. During the late 1960s and early 1970s, the classification system was set up as a series of "handicaps". In an effort to clearly describe disabilities and promote fairness, the number of classifications ballooned. This made organizing competitive events difficult as there were too few people in each classification; international events for people with disabilities were said to have as many winners as competitors. At the 1988 Summer Paralympics in Seoul, the number of eligible classes was so great that 60 gold medals were awarded in one swimming event.
In 1974, the Disabled of the German State of North Rhine - Westfalia (BSNW) developed a swimming classification system that stayed in use until 1982. This system had seven classifications. There was a CP class for athletes with hemispasticity who would also compete in the same class against competitors who were single arm above the elbow amputees, had double-arm dysmelia type ectromelia, had single arm paralysis or had a fixed shoulder joint. There was an intellectual disability class called Class J, and a Class H for people with severe disabilities. BSNW classification events included swimming races from 50 to 1500 metres. The system was later expanded to include nine classes before it was discontinued. The BSNW system did not gain international support, and only was used inside Germany. It was discarded because of a need to have athletes classified for international competitions.
In 1983, classification for swimmers with cerebral palsy was governed by CP-ISRA. There were five cerebral palsy classifications. Class 1 competitors could compete in the 25 metre freestyle event with flotation devices with or without flotation devices. Class 2 competitors could compete in the same events, but only against class 2 competitors. That year, 80 to 85 per cent of all competitors with cerebral palsy competed in the same classification in international competitions.
Classification for swimming relied on a points system to assess the severity of physical disability without considering athlete functionality specifically as it applied to the ability to swim a particular stroke. This caused problems because certain types of disability had a greater negative impact on swimming than others, and the point system did not directly address functional ability. Toto address this, in 1990 point consideration was eliminated for disability types that did not impact performance. The IPC decided to reduce the number of classifications, and to try to fix classification so that competitors could have more certainty in which classification they would compete in before attending an event. This was a major change, as previously, athletes would be classified immediately before, and even during, an event. As a result, the number of swimming classifications dropped from 31 at Seoul in 1988 to 10 at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona.
Going into the 1992 Summer Paralympics, the International Coordinating Committee and the Technical Committee of the IPC push for a move towards a functional classification system. This came to a head at the November 1989 meeting of the Barcelona Olympics Organising Committee ("Comite Organitzador Olimpic Barcelona" - COOB), when a discussion started about what events and classifications should be eligible for the Games. A study by the organising committee and the Polytechnic University of Catalonia in the lead-up to the meeting looked at the results of recent international competitions. It proposed a series of classes, based on the competitive results, for use in Barcelona. COOB insisted that such a system be implemented to ensure the sport at the Paralympic Games was serious and competitive, instead of recreational. The suggestions were implemented for sports such as swimming and athletics. The Games were the first ones where swimmers of different types of disabilities competed against each other, swimmers had a guaranteed right to appeal their classification.
The move to functional classification coincided with the rise of sports science. The first detailed international swimming sport science project was conducted at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. This was followed by a similar project at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona. These studies provided an increasingly detailed understanding of the factors involved in high performance swimming. Henceforth sports science became the driver of both performance and classification.
Ahead of the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, changes were made in classification for the breaststroke, bringing the total number of functional classifications down from ten that had competed in Atlantathe to nine. Swimmers who had been classified as SB10 at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta opted not to compete in Sydney. Several former SB8 and SB9 swimmers moved down a class to compete, and made the finals in their classifications. The IPC's Olympian aspiration to became an premier elite international sporting competition still fell short. In Sydney, 561 gold medals were awarded in 18 sports, compared with 300 in 28 sports at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Classification process.
During the classification process, classifiers evaluate factors including whether a swimmer's physical limitations require him or her to start in the water, and how the swimmer enters the water in competition. A two-person panel that includes at least one person with a medical background handles classification at international competitions. Classifiers are required to be familiar with the type of disability they are classifying, whether physical, visual or intellectual. 
Classification by national sports bodies mirrors the international classification process, conducted by nationally-recognised IPC classifiers. For Australian competitors, for example, classification is managed by the national sport federation, Swimming Australia, with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: provisional, national and international. The first is for club-level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
Internationally, all classification is handled in English but athletes are allowed to have an interpreter present during the process. Swimmers are required to disclose any medications they regularly use, and provide detailed records of their medical history if a classifier deems them relevant. They are allowed to have someone familiar with their swimming limitations present during the process. The process includes a physical assessment, observation assessment, and a functional assessment that may include performance in the pool. Swimmers with visual impairment do not require the functional and observational components of assessment. If a swimmer intentionally misrepresents his or her disability, he or she is barred from the classification process for a minimum of two years, and is unable to compete. 
If swimmers do not agree with their classifications, they can appeal through the IPC Board of Appeal on Classification, which is the body recognised by IPC Swimming. Formal processes exist for how to do this in both non-competition and competition periods. Classification assessment took roughly 30 to 45 minutes at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. Classification for blind swimmers only lasted about 15 minutes.
Classification at the Paralympics.
All disability types were eligible to participate at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. The IPC oversaw classification based on functional disability. General and functional classification took place in the Paralympic Village, with functional swimming classification taking place on the same dates at the Piscines Bernat Picronell. The process became a contentious issue at the Paralympics because of on-the-spot reclassifications that resulted in changes to the competition schedule. On-the-spot classification or re-classification was viewed as a negative aspect of the 1996 Summer Paralympics, and the Paralympic movement overall. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 54 assessments were conducted, resulting in 13 class changes. There was one Paralympic New Status (PNS) protest and two Paralympic Permanent Status (PPS) protests by a national Paralympic committee, with one classification upheld and two denied. Six classification appeals were lodged for swimming at the 2000 Summer Paralympics involving four athletes, resulting in two class changes.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the IPC, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system, as opposed to a performance-based system, so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class compared to competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583542" title="Para-cycling classification">
Para-cycling classification

Para-cycling classification is the disability cycling process governed by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) covering four functional disability types. The classification system includes classes for handcycles for people who have lower limb mobility issues.
Definition.
There are fourteen classifications based on functional disability type. 
The blind classifications are based on medical classification, no functional mobility classification.
Beyond the level of vision impairment, research done at the Central Institute on Employment Abilities of the Handicapped in Moscow has found differences in functional capabilities based on differences in visual acuity. This does not play a significant role in tandem cycling.
Governance.
Classification is handled by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI). While the CP-ISRA has an interest in the sport because it is open to people with cerebral palsy, it is not governed by them. In 1983, the rules for this sport and approval for classification was done by the UCI coordinated Federation Internationale de Amateur de Cyclisme.
Eligibility.
, people with physical and visual disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport. In 1983, Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA) set the eligibility rules for classification for this sport. They defined cerebral palsy as a non-progressive brain legion that results in impairment. People with cerebral palsy or non-progressive brain damage were eligible for classification by them. The organisation also dealt with classification for people with similar impairments. For their classification system, people with spina bifida were not eligible unless they had medical evidence of loco-motor dysfunction. People with cerebral palsy and epilepsy were eligible provided the condition did not interfere with their ability to compete. People who had strokes were eligible for classification following medical clearance. Competitors with multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and arthrogryposis were not eligible for classification by CP-ISRA, but were eligible for classification by International Sports Organisation for the Disabled for the Games of Les Autres.
History.
In 1983, classification for cerebral palsy competitors in this sport was done by the Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association. The classification used the classification system designed for track events. In 1983, there were five cerebral palsy classifications.
The debate about inclusion of competitors into able-bodied competitions was seen by some disability sport advocates like Horst Strokhkendl as a hindrance to the development of an independent classification system not based on the rules for able-bodied sport. These efforts ended by 1993 as the International Paralympic Committee tried to carve out its own identity and largely ceased efforts for inclusion of disability sport on the Olympic programme.
Classes.
Para-cycling classes, as defined by the UCI, can be decoded easily. The first letter stands for the gender (M for men, W for women). Subsequent letters stand for the sport division (C for Cycling; H for Handbike, T for Tricycle, B for blind or visually impaired - also known as TCB for Tandem Class Blind). The final number is the class in that division - with the lower the number, the greater the degree of impairment. Therefore WH3 stands for the class "Women's Handbike 3".
Cycling.
Athletes have a physical impairment that prevents them from competing in able-bodied competition but still compete using a "standard bicycle".
Handbike or Hand Cycling.
Athletes have lower limb impairment that necessitates use of a hand-operated cycle. There are four classes of hand cycling. H1 is for tetraplegics with severe upper limb impairment. H2 is for tetraplegics with minor upper limb impairment. H3 is for paraplegics unable to kneel on a handcycle, and H4 is for athletes who can kneel on a handcycle, a category that includes paraplegics and amputees. In hand-cycling classifications, H1 and H2 can use an AP1 and AP2 handcycle, H3 can use an AP2, AP3 and ATP2 handcycle, and H4 can use an ATP3 handcycle.
Tricycle.
Athletes have an impairment which affects their balance. They compete with a three-wheeled cycle called a tricycle - three wheels providing more balance than a standard two-wheeled cycle.
Blind/Visually Impaired, also known as Tandem Class Blind.
Athletes who are blind or visually impaired. They compete using a two-person cycle known as a tandem, with a sighted "pilot" in the front seat. Under UCI rules, a professional cyclist must not be active for 24 months in any UCI Tour in order to apply as a para-cycling pilot. 
Process.
International classification is undertaken by a UCI panel which consists of "a medical doctor, a physiotherapist and a sports technician" who will assess the athlete and assign them a class. The evaluation is done in English, and athletes are allowed to be accompanied by an interpreter and/or a representative of their country's National Federation in the sport. Classified athletes will be issued a para-cycling classification card.
For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: 
At the Paralympic Games.
Competitors with cerebral palsy classifications were allowed to compete at the Paralympics for the first time at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. Cycling appeared for the first time at the 1988 Summer Paralympics. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, cerebral palsy, amputee and wheelchair disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through multiple federations and the International Paralympic Committee, with classification being done based on disability type. At the 1996 Summer Paralympics, on the spot classification required that classifiers have access to medical equipment like Snellen charts, reflex hammers, and goniometers to properly classify competitors. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 33 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 5 class changes. Handcycling classifications were included at the Paralympics for the first time at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
There will be 155 men and 70 women competing at the London 2012 Summer Paralympics. Road cycling competition will be held at Brands Hatch, Kent from 5 September to 8 September, while track cycling will be held at the Velodrome, Olympic Park from 30 August to 2 September. A maximum of 14 men and 7 women per nation are allowed to compete across the 18 medal events in road cycling and 32 medal events in track cycling.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583543" title="Para-alpine skiing classification">
Para-alpine skiing classification

Para-alpine skiing classification is the classification system for para-Alpine skiing designed to insure fair competition between alpine skiers with different types of disabilities. The classifications are grouped into three general disability types: standing, blind and sitting. Classification governance is handled by International Paralympic Committee Alpine Skiing. Prior to that, several sport governing bodies dealt with classification including the International Sports Organization for the Disabled (ISOD), International Stoke Mandeville Games Federation (ISMWSF), International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) and Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA). Some classification systems are governed by bodies other than International Paralympic Committee Alpine Skiing, such as the Special Olympics. The sport is open to all competitors with a visual or physical disability. It is not open to people with intellectual disabilities.
The first classification systems for para-Alpine skiing were developed in Scandinavia in the 1960s, with early systems designed for skiers with amputations. At the time, equipment had yet to be developed to allow participation for skiers with spinal cord injuries. The goal of the early classification systems was to be functional but ended up being medical classification systems. At the first Winter Paralympics in 1976, there were two classifications for the sport. By the 1980s, classification existed for skiers with cerebral palsy. At that time, with inspiration from wheelchair basketball classification, efforts were made to make classification more of a functional system. Ten classes existed by the 1980s, and since then, efforts have been made to improve the efficiency of classification by reducing the number of classes so fewer medals can be rewarded.
Competition rules for classes use rules set by or modified from rules created by the International Ski Federation. For skiers with visual impairments, guides are used to assist the skier down the course. For standing skiers, different class rules determine what sort of equipment is allowed in competition, such as one pole, two poles or no poles, or one or two skis. Sit skiers use a specially designed ski called a mono-ski. Skiers are classified based on medical assessment, and their body position when they ski. Blind skiers are evaluated purely on a medical assessment.
Definition.
The para-Alpine skiing classification system insures fair competition in the sport by categorising skiers according to their functional mobility or vision impairment. Classification for amputees is based on their mobility with the use of an assistive device.
People with cerebral palsy in classifications from CP1 to CP8 are covered by skiing classifications. Skiers from CP5 to CP8 compete standing up with the use of equipment. The blind classifications are based on medical classification, not functional classification. In 1995, the classifications for skiing were LW1, LW2, LW3, LW4, LW5/7, LW6/8, and LW9, where LW stands for Locomotor Winter. There were three sit-ski classifications: LW10, LW11 and LW12. Classification for competitors with cerebral palsy is difficult because the levels of spasticity can change as the race progresses.
There are 9 standing classifications, on a gradient of most severe being LW1 and LW9 being the least severe. Sit skiing has three classifications, LW10, LW11 and LW12. These are grouped from the most severe at LW10 to least severe at LW12. LW10 have T5-T10 paraplegia.
In 2010, there were three vision impaired classifications, B1, B2 and B3. These classifications based on a gradient with B1 being the most severe and B3 being the least severe, with B3 skiers having vision around 2/60 to 6/60. Beyond the level of vision impairment, research done at the Central Institute on Employment Abilities of the Handicapped in Moscow has found differences in functional capabilities based on differences in visual acuity, which plays a significant role in skiing.
In 1997, one of the international alpine skiing classifiers was Mirre Kipfer. She said "Sometimes athletes try to cheat, to hide what they can really do. They are athletes who want to be in a class that is more advantageous to for them. In testing and classification they don't show what they can really do. They try to show that they are not able to do some movement, and that is why we have started functional testing." She goes on to say "The second problem is that when you have a very good athlete who is very well trained in the sport, you don't want to punish that person for their good performance. He or she might be an elite athlete doing a very good sport performance, and you might be tempted to say 'OK, he is doing so well he must be in another class.' We do try to get fewer classes so that we don't get, for example, 10 or 12 gold medals in alpine sports. We try to review the classes, but you always have borderline classes and it is always difficult. In winter the aim is to have three classes, like sitting, standing and blind: that is certainly the future that we are all looking to."
Governance.
Para-alpine skiing is governed by the International Paralympic Committee Alpine Skiing. In the sport's early history, the International Sports Organization for the Disabled (ISOD), founded in 1964, governed the sport. In 1980, there were two governing bodies handling classification, ISOD and the International Stoke Mandeville Games Federation (ISMWSF). ISMWSF was in charge of classification for athletes with spinal cord related disabilities. In 1981, the International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) was created, and took over governance for skiers with visual impairments. In 2003, ISMWSF merged with ISOD, and changed its name to the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation (IWAS) in 2004.
While the Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA) has an interest in the sport because it is open to people with cerebral palsy, it is not governed by them. In 1983, the rules for this sport and approval for classification was done by the CP-ISRA, but in 2002, the rules governing the sport, including classification, were set by the 1994 IPC Handbook. In the United States, the sport is governed by Disabled Sports USA for skiers with functional mobility, and governed by the United States Association of Blind Athletes (USABA) for skiers with vision impairment, while Special Olympics governs the sport and classification for people with intellectual disabilities.
Eligibility.
The sport is open to all competitors with a visual or physical disability. It is not open to people with intellectual disabilities. In 1983, Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA) set the eligibility rules for classification for this sport. They defined cerebral palsy as a non-progressive brain lesion that results in impairment. People with cerebral palsy or non-progressive brain damage were eligible for classification by them. The organisation also dealt with classification for people with similar impairments. For their classification system, people with spina bifida were not eligible unless they had medical evidence of loco-motor dysfunction. People with cerebral palsy and epilepsy were eligible provided the condition did not interfere with their ability to compete. People who had strokes were eligible for classification following medical clearance. Competitors with multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and arthrogryposis were not eligible for classification by CP-ISRA, but were eligible for classification by International Sports Organisation for the Disabled for the Games of Les Autres. The sport was not open to competitors with intellectual disabilities in 2002.
History.
The earliest classification systems for the sport were developed in Scandinavia. Classification for winter sport started out as a medical one before moving to a functional system. The original classification system was for amputees, with classification based on the type of amputation as determined by a medical expert. Other classes of disability were not eligible to compete. During the 1970s, equipment was developed for skiers with spinal injuries and a classification system had yet to become fully developed for the sport.
Going into the first winter Paralympic Games, the 1976 Winter Paralympics, the organisers had a difference of opinion with Paralympic Games founder Ludwig Guttmann, because they wanted a functional classification, not medical classification system, from the onset. They largely succeeded, although the system that ended up being used was developed in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden, based on equipment utilised by the skier instead of a true functional classification system. The 1976 Winter Paralympics were the first time that classifications other than spinal cord injury classifications competed at the Paralympic Games. There were only two classifications for alpine skiing. One athlete from Austria with a spinal disability as a result of polio competed in an alpine event. He was able to ski from a standing position and competed against amputee skiers.
In 1983, classification for cerebral palsy competitors in alpine skiing was done by the Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association. The classification used the classification system designed for track events. There were five cerebral palsy classifications. During the 1980s, there were 3 sit-ski classes and 7 other classes. During the 1980s, while not formally part of the para-skiing classification system, intellectual disability alpine skiing classes did exist as part of the Special Olympics movement.
By 1984, there were four organisations governing classification for the sport. They included ISOD, ISMGF, IBSA and CP-ISRA. In 1985, Swedish Brigitta Blomqwist, Swiss Andre Deville and Austrian Richard Altenberger began to develop a classification system for mono-skiing. Their classification system was put into use in competition in 1988. Prior to 1988, the classification assessment process generally involved a medical exam to determine the classification. The change in winter disability sport classification towards a more formal functional classification system happened more quickly as a result of changes being made in wheelchair basketball classification that started in 1983. Sit skiing was not included on the Paralympic programme. Norway worked to change this by added sit skiing classifications to the World Championships in 1986. The move from a medical classification to a functional classification system was still taking place during the 1990s. Vision impaired, cerebral palsy and amputee classifications representing standing classifications were the only ones eligible for the Paralympics prior to the 1998 Winter Paralympics, when sit-ski classifications were added. By 2002, there were three vision impaired classifications.
For the 2002 Winter Paralympics, for the Winter Paralympics, the Games Classifiers were Mirre Kipfer, Bob Harney, Richard Altenberger and Dr. Ann-Sophie von Celsing. The Games Classifiers for vision impairment classifications were Roman Tolmatschev, Johan Wirsching and Axel Bolsinger. There were fourteen classifications for the sport, with four of them for sit-skiing, seven for standing and three for vision impairment. A factoring system was used when there were not enough competitors in a class and the classes had to be combined. This was modified for the 2006 Winter Paralympics, with skiers being grouped into one of three categories based on a skiers functional ability: vision impaired, standing and sitting. The 14 classes still exist, but against these three groups with different classes having their results factored based on average historical performances inside that classification.
The debate about inclusion of competitors into able-bodied competitions was seen by some disability sport advocates like Horst Strokhkendl as a hindrance to the development of an independent classification system not based on the rules for able-bodied sport. At the time, sport administrators were trying to get disability skiing into able bodied competitions like the Olympics. These efforts ended by 1993 as the International Paralympic Committee tried to carve out its own identity and largely ceased efforts for inclusion of disability sport on the Olympic programme. The sport was one sports people with disabilities were more likely to participate in during the 1990s.
During the 1990s, there were conversations about whether or not less-disabled wintersport athletes should be competing in disability winter sport and if they should instead be competing against able bodied competitors. At the same time, there were people including IPC first vice president Jens Bromann who entertained discussions about whether or not blind classifications should be combined into a single class like is done in some other disabilities sports.
In 2006, skiers with amputation still had a medical component to their classification assessment. The three-group classification system, which utilized the Realistic Handicap Competition and Kreative Renn Ergebnis Kontolle (RHC-KREK), was used for the first time at the Paralympics. The decision to use the RHC-KREK and limit it to medals for the three groups was made at the IPC Aline Skiing Sports Assembly in October 2004 in order to limit the number of potential medals being offered. It was implemented immediately for all IPC Paralympic Games and IPC World Championships. The system has been criticized because it relies on historical data from individual skiing competitors inside their own class, with out taking into account conditions that could slow a skier such as temperature, visibility and precipitation.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.
Sports.
Three classifications exist for skiers with visual disabilities. Vision impaired skiers generally follow the same rules as sighted skiers laid out by the International Ski Federation. The major difference is skiers in this group follow sighted guides who give the skiers vocal directions on where to ski. The guide for B1 skiers generally skis behind the skier in order to maximize the ability of the skier to hear the guide. The guide tells the skier things like when weight should be shifted, elements coming up on the course, and how to position themselves to maximize the diagonal run of the course. Guides for B2 and B3 skiers often position themselves differently as the skiers have some vision, which means the things a guide assists with will be different from what is required of a skier who has almost no sight.
Standing skiers generally follow the same rules as sighted skiers laid out by the International Ski Federation. They may wear a prosthesis, use modified length ski poles, and/or use a ski pole called an outrigger that had a small ski on the end. LW1 skiers use two poles but may ski on one or two skis. LW2 skiers use one ski and two poles. LW3, LW4 skiers use two skis and two poles. LW5 and LW7 skiers do not use poles. LW6 and LW8 skiers use two ski and one pole.
Sit skiers generally follow the same rules as sighted skiers laid out by the International Ski Federation. They use a mono-ski, which has a specially fitted chair attached to the single ski. The skiers also use outrigrer poles to aid in balance. The monoskis are sometimes called tubs or buckets. Wheelchair users are classified as sit-skiers.
Classifications were combined for one event in 2002 when there were fewer than six competitors in a single class. When classes are combined, a percentage system is used to determine the winner of a race. The Canadian Paralympic Committee explains how this works with the following example: "Athlete A is classified as LW6 with a factor of 91% finishes the race in 1 minute, their final race time is 54.6 seconds. Athlete B is classified as LW5 with a factor of 79% finishes the race in 1 minute and 2 seconds, their final race time is 48.98 seconds. Athlete B wins. Therefore, the athlete who completed the race fastest may not be the winner and gold medalist."
In the United States for competitors with intellectual disabilities in events governed by the Special Olympics, para-Alpine skiing events include slalom, giant slalom and downhill.
Process.
In general, classification for all para-Alpine skiers looks at which equipment is utilized by a skier and their body position when they ski. Sit-skiers who are in the wheelchair group are assessed based on the residual muscle strength and level of spinal cord injury. For skiers with a visual impairment, their classification is handled by the International Blind Sports Association. They are tested based on medical classification by an Ophthalmologist.
For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
The sport was introduced at the 1976 Winter Paralympics. At the 1988 Games, the Giant Slalom was an exhibition event for amputee classified skiers. At the 1992 Winter Paralympics, all disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through the International Paralympic Committee, with classification being done based on blind, amputee and sitting disability types. Downhill was open to the LW classification, the Super G had a blind event and an LW event, the Giant was open to blind and LW classes, and the slalom was open to the LW classification.
At the 2002 Winter Paralympics, the blind skiers skied first, followed by the sit skiing classified skiers, with the standing classes skiing last. Going into the Games, skiers had to have their classification recorded by a chief classifier by 14 February 2001, with the chief classifiers requiring to submit any amendments by 31 March 2001. This list was then sent to National Paralympic Committees (NPC) by 27 April 2001, with an ability to send in amendments again by 7 August 2001. Any discrepancies between the IPC list and NPC lists were reviewed in August 2001. A final master list for classifications was sent by the IPC to the NPCs on 7 September 2001. On 27 January 2002, the IPC sent a classification evaluation schedule to NPCs.
At the 2010 Winter Paralympics the LW5 and LW7 events were combined, as were LW6 and LW8 events. There were 25 men and 18 women in the downhill standing classes, 25 men and 10 women in the downhill sitting classes, and 12 men and 10 women in the downhill vision impaired classes. In the Super Combined, there were 18 men and 14 women in the standing event, 18 men and 10 women in the sitting classes, and 10 men and 10 women in the vision impaired classes.

</doc>
<doc id="36583544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583544" title="Para-snowboarding classification">
Para-snowboarding classification

Para-snowboarding classification is the classification system for para-snowboarding. The sport originally called Adaptive Snowboard is now practiced by hundreds of athletes around the world. The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) defines two classes:
SB-LL for athletes with a physical impairment affecting one or both legs, and SB-UL for athletes with a physical impairment affecting one or both arms who compete standing. The sport made its official Winter Paralympic debut in the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia. 
Eligibility.
Classifications exist for deaf competitors, blind competitors, people with physical disabilities and those with intellectual disabilities. The IPC eligibility rules provide for athletes with a physical impairment such as limb loss or limb deficiency, spinal cord injury, nerve damage, or cerebral palsy. , athletes with other impairments, such as visual impairments, are not eligible. The IPC defines two classes:
The World Snowboard Federation (WSF) has a more elaborate classification system, with classes SB1 to SB12 for snowboarders with limb disabilities:
The WSF also defines three visual impairment class, B1, B2 and B3, identical to those used by the International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) for other sports for visually impaired athletes.
Governance.
The sport originally called Adaptive Snowboard, and was governed by the World Snowboard Federation. It is now practiced by hundreds of athletes around the world, and governed by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC). The IPC and the WSF signed a memorandum of understanding in July 2010 under which the IPC would continue to govern the sport until 2014, after which the situation would be reassessed. Both organisations would continue their efforts to develop the sport. IPC Alpine Skiing governs snowboarding as well as alpine skiing, and the two share a common set of regulations. In explaining the change of the name of the sport, the WSF stated that:
For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
The International Paralympic Committee added Para-snowboarding to the Alpine Skiing programme on 2 May 2012. The President of the Sochi 2014 Olympic Organizing Committee, Dmitry Chernyshenko, welcomed the addition of the new sport, saying:
The sport made its official Winter Paralympic debut in the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia. There were men's and women's standing snowboard cross. Only events in the SB-LL class were offered. The events were run in a time-trial format (one rider on course at a time), and. unlike some other Paralympic events, results were calculated "without" factors that adjust times based on disability classification. Each athlete got three runs over a course of jumps, bumps and turns. Times from the best two were added together for their final total.
Both events were run on 14 March 2014. The women's event was won by Bibian Mentel-Spee from the Netherlands in a time of 1 minute 57.43 seconds. France's Cecile Hernandez Ep Cervellon came second with a time of 2 minutes 07.31 seconds. America's Amy Purdy came third in 2 minutes 14.29 seconds. The men's event was a clean sweep for the United States. Evan Strong won in 1 minute 43.61 seconds, followed by Michael Shea with a time of 1:44.18 and Keith Gabel with a time of 1:47.10.
Future.
The snowboarding cross events at Sochi were a success, with tickets for para-snowboarding events being among the first to sell out. In April 2014 the IPC announced plans to add slalom to the events at 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Consideration was also given to having the snowboard cross event run with pairs of athletes competing against each other rather than as a time trial. There were still no plans to add non-standing or visually impaired events. , visually impaired events were not, considered for medal events at WSF Para-Snowboard competitions due to the small numbers of internationally competitive athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="36583545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583545" title="Para-Nordic skiing classification">
Para-Nordic skiing classification

Para-Nordic skiing classification is the classification system for para-Nordic skiing which includes the biathlon and cross country events. The classifications for Para-Nordic skiing mirrors the classifications for Para-Alpine skiing with some exceptions. A functional mobility and medical classification is in use, with skiers being divided into three groups: standing skiers, sit skiers and visually impaired skiers. International classification is governed by International Paralympic Committee, Nordic Skiing (IPC-NS). Other classification is handled by national bodies. Before the IPC-NS took over classification, a number of organizations handled classification based on the type of disability.
The first classification system for the sport was developed in Scandinavia and was a medical system for skiers with amputations. At the time, other types of disability were not eligible for classification. In developing a system for use at the first Winter Paralympics, organisers wanted to get away from a medical classification system and use a functional system, but they ended up with a system based on equipment utilised by the skier instead. As the 1970s progressed, equipment improvements made it possible for skiers with spinal cord injuries to participate and a classification system developed for these skiers. By the 1990s, there were over ten Nordic skiing classes and a percentage system was developed to allow skiers with different disabilities inside one of three groups to compete against each other. The skiers time at the end of the race would be multiplied against a percentage to determine a time that allowed for fair cross classification comparisons. While the actual percentages change from time to time, this system to calculate a winner is still in use. Despite repeated efforts to move to a true functional mobility based classification dating back to the 1970s, medical assessment still took place during the classification process in the 2010s.
There are different events and equipment for different Para-Nordic skiing classes. For sit-skiers, they use sit-skis with two skis, unlike Para-Alpine Skiing where sit skiers use one ski. Blind skiers use a guide, with the position of the guide relative to the skier depending on the class of the skier. In the United States, Para-Nordic skiing has events for people with intellectual disability that are run through Special Olympics. The classification process for blind Para-Nordic skiing is handled internationally by the International Blind Sports Association and is a medical assessment. While National Paralympic Committees can classify their skiers for national competitions, this classification is subject to change at international competitions. These classifications have been used at the Winter Paralympics. Intellectual disability skiers were allowed to compete in full medal events at the 1998 Winter Paralympics but were subsequently removed because of cheating problems at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Definition.
Para-Nordic skiing has two events, the biathlon and cross-country skiing. The classifications for Para-Nordic skiing at the same as classifications for Para-Alpine skiing. Classifications are based on functional mobility. For amputees, this is based on their mobility with the use of an assistive device. Classification for competitors with cerebral palsy is difficult because the levels of spasticity can change as the race progresses. People with cerebral palsy in classifications from CP1 to CP8 are covered by skiing classifications. Skiers from CP5 to CP8 compete standing up with the use of equipment. Since 1995, the classes area LW2, LW3, LW4, LW5/7, LW6, LW8, and LW9. There are three sit-ski classifications: LW10, LW11 and LW12, with LW10 being divided into LW10 and LW10.5, and LW11 being divided into LW11 and LW11.5. The sport also has three classifications for blind skiers, B1, B2, and B3. These are based solely on medical classification. Research done at the Central Institute on Employment Abilities of the Handicapped in Moscow has found differences in functional capabilities based on differences in visual acuity. This plays a significant role in skiing.
Governance.
Para-Nordic skiing is governed by the International Paralympic Committee, Nordic Skiing.
The United States Deaf Ski and Snowboard Association is in charge of deaf classification for competitors in the United States. In the United States, the sport is governed by Disabled Sports USA for skiers with functional mobility, and governed by the United States Association of Blind Athletes (USABA) for skiers with vision impairment, while Special Olympics governs the sport and classification for people with intellectual disabilities. Disabled Sports USA developed its own classification system for sit skiing that is not used internationally. They use a three group classification system, with Group 1 skiers including T5 to T10 spinal cord injuries, Group 2 including all other skiers with disabilities below T10 and Group 3 including all spinal cord disabilities above T10.
In the sport's early history, the International Sports Organization for the Disabled (ISOD), founded in 1964, governed the sport. In 1980, there were two governing bodies handling classification, ISOD and the International Stoke Mandeville Games Committee (ISMGC), which later became the International Stoke Mandeville Games Federation (ISMGF), and still later the International Stoke Mandeville Wheelchair Sports Federation (ISMWSF). ISMGC was in charge of classification for athletes with spinal cord related disabilities. In 1981, the International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) was created, and took over governance for skiers with visual impairments. In 2003, ISMWSF merged with ISOD, and changed its name to the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation (IWAS) in 2004. While the Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA) has an interest in the sport because it is open to people with cerebral palsy, it is not governed by them. In 1983, both the rules for this sport, and classification, was done by the CP-ISRA. By 1984, there were four organisations governing classification for the sport: ISOD, ISMGF, IBSA and CP-ISRA.
Eligibility.
Currently, people with physical disabilities and vision impairment are eligible for classification. In 1983, Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA) set the eligibility rules for classification for this sport for people with cerebral palsy. They defined cerebral palsy as a non-progressive brain legion that results in impairment. People with cerebral palsy or non-progressive brain damage were eligible for classification by them. The organisation also dealt with classification for people with similar impairments. For their classification system, people with spina bifida were not eligible unless they also had evidence of upper motor neuron dysfunction, caused by associated hydrocephalus. People with cerebral palsy and epilepsy were eligible provided the condition did not interfere with their ability to compete. People who had strokes were eligible for classification following medical clearance. Competitors with multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and arthrogryposis were not eligible for classification by CP-ISRA, but were eligible for classification by International Sports Organisation for the Disabled for the Games of Les Autres.
History.
Classification for winter sport started out as a medical one before moving to a functional system. The earliest classification systems for the sport were developed in Scandinavia. The original classification system was for people with amputations, with classification based on the type of amputation as determined by a medical expert. Other classes of disability were not eligible to be classified and compete early in the sport's history.
Going into the first winter Paralympic Games, the 1976 Winter Paralympics, the organisers had a difference of opinion with Paralympic Games founder Ludwig Guttmann, because they wanted a functional classification, not medical classification system, from the onset. They largely succeeded, although the system that was developed in Örnsköldsvik, Sweden, that ended up being used was based on equipment utilised by the skier instead of a true functional classification system. During the 1970s, equipment was first being developed for skiers with spinal injuries and a classification system had yet to become fully developed for the sport.
In 1983, classification for cerebral palsy competitors in this sport was done by the Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association. The classification used the classification system designed for track events. In 1983, there were five cerebral palsy classifications. During the 1980s, there were three sit-ski classes and seven other classes. During the 1980s, while not formally part of the para-skiing classification system, intellectual disability Nordic skiing classes did exist as part of the Special Olympics movement. The sport was one sports people with disabilities were more likely to play during the 1990s.
Prior to 1988, the classification assessment process generally involved a medical exam to determine the classification. The change in winter disability sport classification towards a more formal functional classification system happened more quickly as a result of changes being made in wheelchair basketball classification that started in 1983. Prior to the 1988 Games, sit skiing was not included on the Paralympic programme. Norway worked to change this by added sit skiing classifications to the World Championships in 1986.
Functional classification testing was developed in 1989 for Nordic sit skiing, with the same system still being used for the 1998 Winter Paralympics. The tests included hand, arm and shoulder coordination, a sitting balance in the sagittal plane test, a stability sagittal plane test, a sitting balance test in the frontal planes, and a functional sitting ability test of the frontal and sagittal planes with an examination of sideways displacement.
By the 1990s, an integrated classification approach was tried in Nordic skiing had been developed using a percentage system that would allow for multiple classes to compete against each other in the same event using a formula to create a time finish that would enable fair comparisons for skiers of different functional ability. In 1997/19998, this was defined as 84% for LW10, 93% for LW11 and 100% for LW12. Their finishing time would then be multiplied against this percentage to determine where they finished. A variant of this system was still in place for the 2010 Winter Paralympics. The Canadian Paralympic Committee explains how this works with the following example: "Athlete A is classified as LW6 with a factor of 91% finishes the race in 1 minute, their final race time is 54.6 seconds. Athlete B is classified as LW5 with a factor of 79% finishes the race in 1 minute and 2 seconds, their final race time is 48.98 seconds. Athlete B wins. Therefore, the athlete who completed the race fastest may not be the winner and gold medalist." For the 2008 to 2010 ski seasons, the following percentages were used:
The move from a medical classification to a functional classification system continued during the 1990s. There were conversations about whether or not less-disabled wintersport athletes should be competing in disability winter sport and if they should instead be competing against able bodied competitors. At the same time, there were people including IPC first vice president Jens Bromann who entertained discussions about whether or not blind classifications should be combined into a single class like is done in some other disabilities sports. The debate about inclusion of competitors into able-bodied competitions was seen by some disability sport advocates like Horst Strokhkendl as a hindrance to the development of an independent classification system not based on the rules for able-bodied sport. These efforts ended by 1993 as the International Paralympic Committee tried to carve out its own identity and largely ceased efforts for inclusion of disability sport on the Olympic programme. Nonetheless, in 2006, skiers with amputation still had a medical component to their classification assessment.
The International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability was given the task of re-evaluating the classification system for skiers with intellectual disabilities to prevent future abuses following the Spanish basketball team cheating scandal at the 2000 Summer Paralympics using a more reliable system that can be verified to classify competitors.
Sport.
Skiers with physical disabilities may compete on the same team as people with vision impairment in team events. This is the case in cross country relay events, where there needs to be one sit skier, one standing skier and one vision impaired skier. At the 2010 Winter Paralympics, the men's relay, named the 1 x 4 km + 2 x 5 km relay, a sit skier led off with a leg, with the standing skier going second on a leg and the vision impaired skier going last on a leg. On the women's side, the event is called the 3 x 2.5 km event. Skiing in the same order, all three skiers ski . Sit skiers sit in a chair with two skis attached to it. Classification percentages for national competitions are not necessarily the same ones used for international competitions.
In the biathlon, sit skiers and standing skiers shot at a target that had a bullseye large while vision impairment classifications shot at a bullseye that was large. Vision impaired skiers have a sound system that helps them sight for shooting portions in the biathlon. The guide for B1 skiers generally skis behind the skier in order to maximize the ability of the skier to hear the guide. The guide tells the skier things like when weight should be shifted, elements coming up on the course, and how to position themselves to maximize the diagonal run of the course. Guides for B2 and B3 skiers often position themselves differently as the skiers have some vision, which means the things a guide assists with will be different from what is required of a skier who has almost no sight.
In the United States, where competitors with intellectual disabilities in events governed by the Special Olympics, para-Nordic skiing events include 500 metre, 1 km, 3 km, 5 km, 7.5 km, 10 km, 4 x 1 km unified relay and 4 x 1 km relay race. USABA overseas 5 km, 10 km and 25 km cross country races for skiers with visual impairments.
Process.
For skiers with a visual impairment, their classification is handled by the International Blind Sports Association. They are tested based on medical classification by an Ophthalmologist. In the 1990s, the classification assessment process for Nordic skiing had several components. One component was a test that looked at the ability of the skier to go up and down a hill. Another was a neurological test. In Canada, classification for blind skiers is handled by Canadian Blind Sports Association. Canadians seeking classification start the process by getting in touch with the organisation. Para-Nordic skiing classification is handled by Canada Cross Country. For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions. While a skier is first classified by their national Paralympic committee, their international classification may take place during their first World Cup event. A competitor may challenge their own classification or that of their fellow competitors.
At the Paralympic Games.
The 1976 Winter Paralympics were the first time classifications other than spinal cord injury classifications competed at the Paralympic Games. At these Games, there were only two classifications for this sport. The 1976 Winter Paralympics were the first time classifications other than spinal cord injury classifications competed at the Paralympic Games. The only event open to a classification for people with spinal paralysis at the 1980 Winter Paralympics was the cross country event . It was one of only two events in the whole Games for people with spinal paralysis.
At the 1998 Winter Paralympics, skiers with intellectual disabilities were eligible to compete as full medal participants in the cross country event despite early initial opposition by the Nagano Organising Committee. The local organizers believed it would be too difficult to separate intellectual disability skiers into different classes. At the same time, there were few eligible skiers from Japan who would have been eligible to compete in these events.
At the 1992 Winter Paralympics, all disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through the International Paralympic Committee, with classification being done based on blind, amputee and sitting disability type. The biathlon was open to men with vision impairment classifications for the first time at the 1992 Games. At the 1992 Games, intellectual disability skiers competed in a demonstration event. At the 1992 Games, LW1 to LW9 competed in the short distances in a combined event, with LW 10 and 11 competing in their own short distance event. Blind skiers all skied the short distances in a combined event. The 10 km event was open to LW1 to LW9, and H to D. The relay event was open to LW1 to LW9 in one event, and LWX and LWXI in another event, and blind skiing in a third event. The biathlon was open to women in blind classes for the first time at the 1994 Winter Paralympics.
Historically, Nordic skiing was the only skiing discipline open to competitors with intellectual disabilities, but their inclusion was suspended following the 2000 Summer Paralympics cheating scandal and they were not eligible to compete at the 2002 Winter Paralympics. At the 2002 Games, the cross country event had three groups of skiers: vision impaired, standing and sitting. In 2002, for the Winter Paralympics, the Games Classifiers were Birgitta Blomquist, Anne Lannem and Ted Fay. The Games Classifiers for vision impairment classifications were Roman Tolmatschev, Johan Wirsching and Axel Bolsinger. Classifications for skiers with intellectual disabilities were not included at these Games because of cheating that took place at the Sydney Summer Paralympics two years earlier.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583547" title="Para-archery classification">
Para-archery classification

Para-archery classification is the classification system for para-archery used to create a level playing field for archers with a different range of disabilities. Governance in the sport is through the International Archery Federation. Early classification systems for the sport were created during the 1940s and based on medical classification. This has subsequently changed to a functional mobility classification with the exception of blind archery.
Definition.
Para-archery classification at the Paralympic Games is the basis for determining who can compete in the sport, and within which class. It is used for the purposes of establishing fair competition. Entry is eligible to male and female athletes with a physical disability. The blind classifications are based on medical classification, no functional classification.
Governance.
Governance in the sport is through the International Archery Federation (also known as the World Archery Federation or Fédération International de Tir à l’Arc – FITA) and is overseen by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC). The IPC transferred its governance to FITA in 2009 as part of the IPC’s program to move governance to sport-specific bodies. FITA sets the rules for competition in the World Archery Book: the most recent version effective as of 1 April 2012. In 1983, the rules for this sport and approval for classification was done by the Federation Internationale de Tir Al'Arc.
History.
The classification for this sport was created during the 1940s and for much of its early history was a medical condition based classification system. In 1964, the International Sport Organization for the Disabled (ISOD) was created. They created the first formal classification system, which had 27. This was reduced to 12 classifications for the 1976 Summer Paralympics and was further reduced to nine classifications for the 1992 Summer Paralympics. In 1983, classification for cerebral palsy competitors in this sport was undertaken by the Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA). The classification was based upon the system designed for field athletics events. There were five cerebral palsy classifications for its competitors. Class 1 and Class 2 competitors could compete in the division 1, class 1 and class 2 events. They defined cerebral palsy as a non-progressive brain legion that results in impairment. People with cerebral palsy or non-progressive brain damage were eligible for classification by them. The organisation also dealt with classification for people with similar impairments. For their classification system, people with spina bifida were not eligible unless they had medical evidence of loco-motor dysfunction. People with cerebral palsy and epilepsy were eligible provided the condition did not interfere with their ability to compete. People who had strokes were eligible for classification following medical clearance. Competitors with multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and arthrogryposis were not eligible for classification by CP-ISRA, but were eligible for classification by International Sports Organisation for the Disabled for the Games of Les Autres. Going into the 2000 Summer Paralympics, there were concerns raised by members of the cerebral palsy community about the need to maintain a multiple functional classification system inside this sport specifically for this class of athletes given the large range of functional ability inside the community with cerebral palsy and other motor functional disabilities.
Eligibility.
, people with physical disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport. Male and female athletes with a physical disability (as defined by the IPC) can compete in the following divisions: recurve (or classic) bow, compound bow and visually impaired (VI). Within these divisions are open, standing and wheelchair classes with events for individuals and teams.
The distance from the target and number of arrows shot is the same for para-archery athletes as for able-bodied competitors except for the Visually Impaired (VI) division. Athletes must have a current disability classification card or their results will not qualify for World Records, titles or any other rankings.
Classes.
There are three divisions in Para-Archery: Recurve Bow, Compound Bow and Visually Impaired. Within these divisions, athletes are classified by their impairment(s) as follows:
Assistive devices must be authorized by an international classifier and listed on the athlete’s classification card. Assistive devices can include:
Visually impaired athletes in the VI division must wear a blindfold for vision impairment equality.
Process.
For a para-archery athlete to compete at the Paralympic Games, international classification by an International Classification Panel is required. The International Classification Panel will allocate a class to the athlete and rule which (if any) assistive equipment the athlete may use. Their ruling overrides all prior classifications including those of a national basis. Athletes must be classified according to their disability and level of impairment. The classification process normally involves a physical assessment to authenticate the disability and evaluate the degree of limitation. The athlete will be observed in competition action. Results will place the athlete in one of the three classes (see Classes): this evaluation cannot be used for sports outside of Archery.
Whilst athletes may be deemed to have a disability or impairment, this does not guarantee classification. Athletes may be deemed ineligible to compete based on any of the following findings:
Athletes may need to undergo the classification process more than once if their impairment is of a progressive nature. For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport is not supported by the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
Only wheelchair classified athletes were eligible to compete at the 1960 Summer Paralympics in Rome in this sport. This continued at the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo and 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv. Competitors with cerebral palsy classifications were allowed to compete at the Paralympics for the first time at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, amputee and wheelchair disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through the IPC, with classification including standing, sitting and open. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 10 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 0 class changes. 88 male and 52 female para-archery athletes from across the world will compete at the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games. Competition is being held at The Royal Artillery Barracks from the 30 August to 5 September, with nine medal events in standing and seated classes held. A maximum of three athletes per country will compete in individual events. For each team event, a maximum of one team with three athletes per country is allowed.
Prominent athletes.
Some prominent para-archery athletes have competed and won medals in both able-bodied and paralympic competition. The first paraplegic athlete to compete in able-bodied competition the Olympic Games was a para-archer named Neroli Fairhall of New Zealand.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583549" title="Goalball classification">
Goalball classification

Goalball classification is the classification system for goalball. Goalball players with a disability are classified into different categories based on their vision based disability type. The classification is handled by the International Blind Sports Association.
Definition.
Goalball classification at the Paralympic Games is the basis for determining who can compete in the sport, and within which class. It is used for the purposes of establishing fair competition. Entry is eligible to male and female athletes with a visual disability in one of the three blind sport classifications: B1, B2 and B3. The blind classifications are based on medical classification, no functional classification. This sport has rules that were designed specifically with people with disabilities in mind.
Governance.
The sport is governed by the International Blind Sports Association. In Australia, the Australian Paralympic Committee is the National Federation for the sport.
Eligibility.
, people with visual disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport. Both men and women are eligible to play.
History.
The sport was created by the International Blind Sports Association as one intentionally not based on able-bodied sport. It was created to deal with specific needs of blind sport competitors.
The sport was created in 1946 for veterans who were blind. In 1992, the International Paralympic Committee formally took control of governance for disability sport.
Classes.
Athletes are classified by their degree of visual impairment as follows:
All athletes wear blindfolds while playing to ensure even level of plays amongst competitors with different degrees of visual impairment.
Process.
Goalball assessment looks at a player's audio-spatial orientation during assessment. For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed by the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
The sport was first played at the Paralympics as a medal sport in 1980. It had appeared in 1976 as a demonstration sport. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, blind people were eligible to participate, with classification being run through IBSA, with all participants wearing goggles. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 19 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 5 class changes. Goalball competition at the London 2012 Summer Paralympics will be held at Copper Box (Olympic Park) from 30 August to 7 September. Sixty women and seventy-two men will compete for two medal events. A maximum of one men's team and one women's team per country is allowed, with six athletes per team.All competitors will wear eyeshades to ensure visual impairment equality.
Prominent athletes.
Goalball players include Jennifer Blow, Meica Christensen, Michelle Rzepecki, Nicole Esdaile, Rachel Henderson and Tyan Taylor.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583551" title="Paralympic powerlifting classification">
Paralympic powerlifting classification

Paralympic powerlifting classification is the system designed for disability based powerlifting to insure that there is level competition across a range of disabilities. Categories are broken down based on weight. The sport's classification is governed by International Paralympic Committee Powerlifting. People with physical disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport.
Definition.
Powerlifting classification at the Paralympic Games is the basis for determining who can compete in the sport, and within which weight class. The purpose of classification is to allow athletes to compete fairly against each other. Entry is eligible to athletes who, through physical impairment to the legs or hips are unable to compete in able-bodied competition. Athletes are classified based on their body weight.
Governance.
The sport's classification is governed by International Paralympic Committee Powerlifting.
IPC Powerlifting is responsible for the rules and regulations governing powerlifting classification: the most recent of which were published in the "IPC Powerlifting: Classification Rules and Regulations" handbook of 2011. In Australia, the Australian Paralympic Committee is the National Federation for powerlifting. In 1983, the rules for this sport and approval for classification was done by the International Powerlifting Federation.
Eligibility.
, people with physical disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport. Athletes must have an impairment in the hips or legs which prevents them from competing in able-bodied competition. This includes lower limb amputees, people with cerebral palsy or spinal injuries, and les autres who are classified as having a disability. Lifters must have both arms and be able to lift with no more than a loss of 20 degrees on full extension of both elbows. In 1983, Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA) set the eligibility rules for classification for this sport. They defined cerebral palsy as a non-progressive brain legion that results in impairment. People with cerebral palsy or non-progressive brain damage were eligible for classification by them. The organisation also dealt with classification for people with similar impairments. For their classification system, people with spina bifida were not eligible unless they had medical evidence of loco-motor dysfunction. People with cerebral palsy and epilepsy were eligible provided the condition did not interfere with their ability to compete. People who had strokes were eligible for classification following medical clearance. Competitors with multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and arthrogryposis were not eligible for classification by CP-ISRA, but were eligible for classification by International Sports Organisation for the Disabled for the Games of Les Autres.
History.
In 1983, classification for cerebral palsy competitors in this sport was done by the Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association. Classification was done at this time based on weight.
Classes.
Classification for paralympic powerlifters is based on the bodyweight of athletes. This means that athletes with different physical impairments compete in the same events. In 1983, there were five cerebral palsy classifications.
Process.
For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed by the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
The sport was introduced to the Paralympics at the 1964 Summer Paralympics for men and at the 2000 Summer Paralympics for women. Only wheelchair classified athletes were eligible to compete at the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo in this sport. This continued at the 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv. Competitors with cerebral palsy classifications were allowed to compete at the Paralympics for the first time at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, all disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through the International Paralympic Committee and the International Blind Sports Association, with classification being done based on blindness and or weight. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 44 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 1 class change, which was PPS protested by a national Paralympic committee and the classification was upheld.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583552" title="Para-shooting classification">
Para-shooting classification

Paralympic Shooting classification is the shooting classification in place for the Paralympic Games to help establish fair competition. Classification is governed by the International Paralympic Committee's IPC Shooting. While there are currently three classifications, there were originally five in international competitions. People with physical disabilities as defined by the International Paralympic Committee are eligible to compete.
Definition.
Shooting classification at the Paralympic Games is the basis for determining who can compete in the sport and within which class. Classification is used to establish fair competition. Entry is eligible to male and female athletes with a physical disability. There are three classifications for Paralympic shooting, with the classification system being based on functional ability.
Governance.
Previously governed by the International Shooting Committee for the Disabled., shooting is currently governed through IPC Shooting under the International Paralympic Committee (IPC). IPC Shooting sets out sport rules (including classification rules and guidelines) in their document "IPC Shooting Classification Rules and Regulations May 2012". 
The National Federation for the sport in Australia is the Australian Paralympic Committee, who fund the Australian Paralympic Shooting program.
History.
There were originally five classifications in international competitions. In 1983, classification for shooters with cerebral palsy was done by the Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association. The classification used the classification system designed for field athletics events. In 1983, there were five cerebral palsy classifications for its competitors. Class 2 competitors could compete in co-ed division 1 Class 1 and Class 2 events with the use of assistance including a sling, trigger aid and support stand. In 1983, Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA) set the eligibility rules for classification for this sport. They defined cerebral palsy as a non-progressive brain legion that results in impairment. People with cerebral palsy or non-progressive brain damage were eligible for classification by them. The organization also dealt with classification for people with similar impairments. For their classification system, people with spina bifida were not eligible unless they had medical evidence of loco-motor dysfunction. People with cerebral palsy and epilepsy were eligible provided the condition did not interfere with their ability to compete. People who had strokes were eligible for classification following medical clearance. 
Competitors with multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and arthrogryposis were not eligible for classification by CP-ISRA, but were eligible for classification by International Sports Organisation for the Disabled for the Games of Les Autres., there were three classifications.
Eligibility.
Male and female athletes with a physical disability (as defined by the IPC) can compete. There are competitions for men, women and mixed in standing and wheelchair disciplines, with rifle and pistol events. , people with visual disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport.
Classes.
There are two broad classes within Paralympic Shooting:
Within these two classes, athletes are further sub-classified as follows:
Shooting chairs are allowed in rifle prone events. All competitors classed within SH1 compete in the SH1 class, regardless of their sub-classification.
Process.
For a Paralympic shooting athlete to compete at the Paralympic Games, international classification by an International Classification Panel is required. The International Classification Panel will allocate a class to the athlete and if any assistive equipment (such as a shooting stand) the athlete may use. Their ruling overrides all prior classifications including those of a national basis. Athletes must be classified according to their disability and level of impairment. The classification process normally involves a physical assessment to authenticate the disability and evaluate the degree of limitation, plus a technical assessment where the athlete will be observed in non-competition action. Results will place the athlete in one of the two classes (see Classes): this evaluation cannot be used for sports outside of Shooting. In the event that an athlete is deemed ineligible, they will be given an assessment of Sport Class Not Eligible (NE). As with other Paralympic sports, athletes may need to undergo the classification process more than once if their impairment is of a progressive nature. 
For Australian shooters, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. Three types of classification are available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
The sport first appeared on the Paralympic programme at the 1976 Summer Paralympics. Competitors with cerebral palsy classifications were allowed to compete at the Paralympics for the first time at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, amputee and wheelchair disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through the International Paralympic Committee, with classification being done based on functional disability type. At the 1996 Summer Paralympics, classification for this sport was done at the venue because classification assessment required watching a competitor play the sport. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 7 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 0 class changes after a PPS classification was challenged by a classifier and was upheld. At the 2012 Summer Paralympics 100 male and 40 female athletes from all over the world competed in Shooting. 
The 2012 Paralympic Shooting competition was held at The Royal Artillery Barracks from 30 August to 5 September, with 9 medal events in standing and seated classes held. A maximum of five athletes per country were allowed to compete in a shooting class, while a maximum of three athletes per country were allowed to compete in a single event.
Prominent athletes.
At 70 years of age, Paralympic class SH1 shooter and nine times gold medallist Libby Kosmala is Australia’s oldest competitor at the London 2012 Paralympic Games.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583553" title="Wheelchair rugby classification">
Wheelchair rugby classification

Wheelchair rugby classification is the seven class system that assigns players a point value based on functional mobility to insure parity in athletic ability on the court at any given time. Classification is handled by the International Wheelchair Rugby Federation.
Definition.
In wheelchair rugby, players are assessed into seven classes: 0.5 points, 1 point, 1.5 points, 2.0 points, 2.5 points, 3.0 points and 3.5 points. The lower level points indicate less functional ability and the higher points indicate greater functional ability. Men and women both play the sport, and they play on the same team. There are no separate events for men and women.
Only four players are on the court at any given time. The total points on the floor for a team cannot exceed 8, but this maximum is increased by 0.5 points for every female on the court. This is done in order to insure parity in athletic ability on the court at any given time. 
Governance.
Classification is handled by the International Wheelchair Rugby Federation, and is outlined in their 2008 publication called "International Wheelchair Rugby Federation Classification Manual." In 2009, the classification was handled by the IWAS.
Eligibility.
, people with physical disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport. Lower leg amputation competitors are allowed to participate in wheelchair sport following classification rules for them based on functional mobility.
History.
The sport was created in 1977 in Canada, and was designed as an alternative to wheelchair basketball. In 1992, the International Paralympic Committee formally took control of governance for disability sport.
Process.
Wheelchair rugby classification includes looking at practiced activities, and may include observing their warm up routine, the ability during throwing drills, their ability to catch a ball and their ability to maneuver their wheelchair. Classification may also include a test where competitors are asked to bench press in order to demonstrate their upper arm strength and how much upper arm mobility they possess.
In most countries, classification for national competitions is done through the local national Paralympic committee. For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed by the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, wheelchair disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through ISMWSF, with classification being done based on functional disability type. There were 4 classification appeals lodged for wheelchair rugby at the 2000 Summer Paralympics involving 3 athletes which resulted in 1 class change.
Wheelchair rugby competition at the London 2012 Summer Paralympics will be held at the Basketball Arena, Olympic Park from the 5 September to 9 September. One team of twelve athletes (men and women) per country is allowed.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583559" title="Wheelchair tennis classification">
Wheelchair tennis classification

Wheelchair tennis classification is the classification system for wheelchair tennis designed to bring fair play for all competitors. Classification is overseen by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and carried out by the International Tennis Federation (ITF).
Definition.
Wheelchair tennis classification at the Paralympic Games is the basis for determining who can compete in the sport, and within which class. It is used for the purposes of establishing fair competition. Entry is eligible to male and female athletes with a physical disability that prevents them from fairly competing with able-bodied players.
Governance.
Governance in the sport is overseen by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and carried out by the International Tennis Federation (ITF) who publish classification rules and regulations annually. The sport was the first one to have the able-bodied organisation handle classification when ITF took over governance of the sport in 1998.
History.
Wheelchair tennis was developed in 1976 by Jeff Minnenbraker and Brad Parks. In 1992, the International Paralympic Committee formally took control of governance for disability sport. Classification for the 2012 Summer Paralympics was based on the 2009 International Tennis Federation's "Wheelchair Tennis Handbook."
Eligibility.
, people with physical disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport. Male and female athletes with a physical disability (as defined by the IPC) can compete in Quad (tetraplegia) or Open divisions. To be eligible to play wheelchair tennis, a competitor must have a "medically diagnosed, permanent, mobility-related physical disability" and then meet one of several criteria which includes "Neurological deficit at the S1 level or proximal", "anklylosis, severe arthrosis or joint replacement" in the lower half, "amputation of any lower-extremity joint proximal to the metatarsophalangeal joint" or a functional disability equivalent to the above. Lower leg amputation competitors are allowed to participate in wheelchair sport following classification rules for them based on functional mobility.
Classes.
There are two classes for the sport, the tetraplegic class (commonly known as Quad class) and the open classification. Athletes are classified into these classes as follows:
The rules for wheelchair tennis are similar to able-bodied tennis except that the ball is allowed to bounce twice so long as the first bounce falls within the court. Use of a power-wheelchair may be allocated to athletes who are unable to manoeuvre a manual chair due to their disability.
Process.
For a wheelchair tennis athlete to compete at the Paralympic Games, international classification by an International Classification Panel is required.
All competitors must hold a current Wheelchair Tennis International Player Identification Number (IPIN) from the International Tennis Federation. and agree to abide by the Tennis Anti-Doping Programme and Fitness Control. For the 2012 Paralympic Games, athletes should have an official ranking on the ITF Wheelchair Tennis Singles World Ranking List, as well as a participation history in one or more ITF Wheelchair Tennis competitions within the period 1 January 2010 to 31 January 2012. In most countries, classification for national competitions is done through the local national Paralympic committee. For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
Wheelchair tennis was first played at the Paralympics in 1992. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, wheelchair disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through an independent classifier. Competition at the 2012 Summer Paralympics will be held at Eton Manor (Olympic Park), from 1 September to 8 September. It is estimated that between 64 to 80 men and 32 to 48 women will compete in six medal events. The maximum number of competitors per country allowed is as follows:
Prominent athletes.
David Hall is Australia's highest medal winner at the Paralympics in wheelchair tennis — with one gold, three silver and two bronze medals spanning across three Paralympic Games.
Daniela Di Toro, also of Australia, will be returning for her fifth consecutive Paralympic Games at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583560" title="Wheelchair fencing classification">
Wheelchair fencing classification

Wheelchair fencing classification is the classification system for wheelchair fencing which is governed by the IWAS. People with physical disabilities are eligible to compete. Classification for national competitions is done through the local national Paralympic committee.
Governance.
In 2009, the classification was handled by the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports Federation (IWAS). In 1983, the rules for this sport and approval for classification was done by the Federation Internationale Escrime.
Eligibility.
Lower leg amputation competitors are allowed to participate in wheelchair sport following classification rules for them based on functional mobility. , people with physical disability are eligible to compete in this sport.
Process.
In most countries, classification for national competitions is done through the local national Paralympic committee.
At the Paralympic Games.
Only wheelchair classified athletes were eligible to compete at the 1960 Summer Paralympics in Rome in this sport. This continued at the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo and 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, wheelchair users were eligible to participate, with classification being run through ISMWSF, with classification being done based on functional spinal disability type. Wheelchair fencing at the 1996 Summer Paralympics saw the introduction of A and B classes, much like the ones used today. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 6 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 0 class changes. 1 classification was PPS protested by a national Paralympic committee and was denied.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583561" title="Disability classification in table tennis">
Disability classification in table tennis

Disability table tennis classification is the disability sport classification process for table tennis that is governed by the International Table Tennis Federation. The sport's classifications are open to people with physical and intellectual disabilities.
Governance.
In 1983, the rules for this sport and approval for classification was done by the International Table Tennis Federation. This remained the case in 2009.
Eligibility.
, people with physical and intellectual disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport. In 1983, Cerebral Palsy-International Sports and Recreation Association (CP-ISRA) set the eligibility rules for classification for this sport. They defined cerebral palsy as a non-progressive brain legion that results in impairment. People with cerebral palsy or non-progressive brain damage were eligible for classification by them. The organisation also dealt with classification for people with similar impairments. For their classification system, people with spina bifida were not eligible unless they had medical evidence of loco-motor dysfunction. People with cerebral palsy and epilepsy were eligible provided the condition did not interfere with their ability to compete. People who had strokes were eligible for classification following medical clearance. Competitors with multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and arthrogryposis were not eligible for classification by CP-ISRA, but were eligible for classification by International Sports Organisation for the Disabled for the Games of Les Autres.
History.
In 1983, classification for cerebral palsy competitors in this sport was done by the Cerebral Palsy International Sports and Recreation Association. The classification used the classification system designed for field athletics events. In 1983, there were five cerebral palsy classifications. Going into the 2000 Summer Paralympics, there were concerns raised by members of the cerebral palsy community about the need to maintain a multiple functional classification system inside this sport specifically for this class of athletes given the large range of functional ability inside the community with cerebral palsy and other motor functional disabilities. At the New York hosted Empire State Games for the Physically Challenged, this sport was played, with the organisers having hearing and vision impaired classifications, amputee classifications, Les Autres, cerebral palsy and spinal cord disabilities.
Process.
In table tennis classification, practiced activities are looked at and classifiers may look at things like how a player positions themselves relative to the table, their ability to serve and to return a serve. For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
Only wheelchair classified athletes were eligible to compete at the 1960 Summer Paralympics in Rome in this sport. This continued at the 1964 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo and 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv. Competitors with cerebral palsy classifications were allowed to compete at the Paralympics for the first time at the 1984 Summer Paralympics. At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, amputee and wheelchair disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through the International Paralympic Committee, with classification being done based on functional disability type. At the 1996 Summer Paralympics, classification for this sport was done at the venue because classification assessment required watching a competitor play the sport.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583563" title="Adaptive rowing classification">
Adaptive rowing classification

Adaptive rowing classification is the classification system used for adaptive rowing. It is based on functional ability and is broken down into four specific classifications. This system is governed by Federation Internationale de Societes d'Aviron. Eligible competitors have a physical or visual disability.
Definition.
Adaptive rowing has four broad classifications based on a rowers functional ability. These classifications are AS for arms and shoulders, TA for trunk and arm mobility, LTA for legs, trunk and arms mobility, and a mixed boat classification called LTAIDMix4+ which includes rowers with intellectual disabilities.
Governance.
The sport is governed by the Federation Internationale de Societes d'Aviron (FISA).
Eligibility.
, people with visual and physical disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport.
History.
Adaptive rowing was taking place in France by 1971, with two classes of rowers initially participating: people with visual disabilities and people recovering from polio. People recovering from polio in France used boats with pontoons in order to increase their stability. Other changes were made to the boat with the development of a hinge-system to prevent rowers from tiring as easily. Blind rowers used the same boats during the 1970s and 1980s as their able-bodied counterparts but were guided on the course by a referee. Blind rowers were also encouraged to be in boats with sighted rowers, with the blind rowers serving as the stroke and the cox paying special attention to help the blinder rower. Classification was not something developed in France in this era as there was a focus on integrating rowers into the regular rowing community.
Adaptive rowing in the Netherlands began in 1979 with the founding of Stichting Roeivalidatie. There was not an emphasis on classification early on, but rather in integrating adaptive rowing with regular rowing inside of rowing clubs. Attempts were then made to customise equipment to suit an individual rower's specific needs as they related to their disability.
Adaptive rowing in the United States began in 1981 with the catamaran being the boat first used by rowers with a disability. By 1991, a classification system was in place for domestic competitions, but it was still under development. Many rowers also competed against their able-bodied counterparts during this period.
Adaptive rowing racing began in Australia in 1988. The first FISA recognised adaptive rowing World Cup event took place in 1991 and held in the Netherlands.
Early governance of the sport in Australia was done by the Rowing Council with supporting from the Australian Rowing Association. Early classifications were limited because of the limited number of rowers. In many of the earliest races inside Australia, there were two classes: fixed seats and sliding seats.
In 1991 in Great Britain, adaptive rowing was not a large concern. Rowing clubs endeavored to fully integrate rowers with disabilities into regular club races.
By 1991, an international classification system was attempting to be developed. These classes were:
This early system, called the Functional Classification System was not internationally agreed upon in part because it was not seen as entirely fair as it did not consider rower functionality and correct times based on that. At this time, there was also discussion about whether or not classifications should be created for rowers with intellectual disabilities. In 1992, the International Paralympic Committee formally took control of governance for disability sport.
Classes.
Athletes are classified as follows:
LTA. Legs, Trunks and Arms. Athletes are able to use a sliding seat and have function in their legs, trunks and arms to row. They may have a visual or physical impairment. Visually impaired athletes will wear blindfolds for vision impairment equality. 
TA. Trunks and Arms. Athletes row with only their trunks and arm functional. They are unable to use a sliding seat due to impairment in the legs. 
AS. Arms and Shoulders. Athletes row with only their arms and shoulders, as they do not have the use of their trunks or legs. 
Rules allow for a rower to compete in a higher functional class than they are currently classified. Rowers may not compete in lower classifications than they have been classified. 
In the Coxed Four, the maximum number of vision impaired rowers in a boat is two.
Process.
For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
For the 2008 Summer Paralympics, classification assignment for this class was handled by FISA.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583565" title="Saheed Idowu">
Saheed Idowu

Saheed Idowu (born 3 January 1990 in Brazzaville) is a Congolese table tennis player. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's singles, but was defeated in the preliminary round.

</doc>
<doc id="36583568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583568" title="Disability classification in sailing">
Disability classification in sailing

Disability sailing classification is the method of allowing sailors with different disabilities to compete, with classification being based on vision, mobility, stability and hand function. Classification is handled by the International Association for Disabled Sailing (IFDS).
Definition.
Disability sailing is for people with physical disabilities and vision impairments. Classification is based on vision, mobility, stability and hand function.
Governance.
The sport is governed and classification handled by the International Federation for Disabled Sailing (IFDS). The US Disabled Sailing Team is in charge of classification in the United States. Sailing for people with intellectual disabilities is governed by the Special Olympics.
Eligibility.
, people with visual and physical disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport.
Sports.
Sailors with physical disabilities may compete on the same team as people with vision impairment. Competitions are also mixed genders.
Process.
During the classification process, a sailor needs to wear any prosthesis or special equipment they expect to use during competition. For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, all disability types were eligible to participate, with classification being run through an independent classifier. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 11 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 4 class changes.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583570" title="Paracanoe classification">
Paracanoe classification

Paracanoe classification is the classification system for paracanoe. For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport and classification is managed the national sport federation with support from the Australian Paralympic Committee. The sport will be on the 2016 Summer Paralympics programme.
Governance.
The American Canoe Association has guidelines for the sport in the United States.
Process.
Canoe/ Kayak competitors, the sport and classification is managed the International Paralympic Comity ( IPC) with support from the National programs like Canoe Kayak Canda and the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are 3 levels of competition~ Club, National and International. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
The sport was not on the Paralympic programme as of 2009. Efforts were undertaken that year to get it onto the programme. In December 2010, it was decided to include the sport on the 2016 programme. The sport is scheduled to make its Paralympic Games debut at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less. In Each of the 3 Classes there is also a large range in ability. This becomes aparentt as athletes reach the peak of training and there ability...
Equipment plays a large roll in helping athleetes achievee there maximun potential.
Classifications as per Canadian Paralympic Committee.
LTA ~ have functional use of their legs, trunk and arms for paddling, and who can apply force to the foot board or the seat to propel the boat. 
TA ~ have use of the trunk and arms; are unable to apply continuous, controlled force to the footboard or seat to propel the boat due to a weakened function of the lower limbs
A ~  have no trunk function, or those who have shoulder function only; A-Class paddler is able to apply force predominantly using the arms and/or shoulders and is likely to have poor sitting balance.

</doc>
<doc id="36583571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583571" title="Paratriathlon classification">
Paratriathlon classification

Paratriathlon classification is the classification system for athletes participating in paratriathlon. It is governed by the International Triathlon Union (ITU) The sport has been included in the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
ITU Paratriathlon Classification.
This is the classification system used at National, Continental and World Paratriathlon Championships.
Levels of Classification.
As in many other sports, there are three levels of paratriathlon classification available: Provisional, National and International. The first is for athletes who do not have access to a full classification panel; it is a temporary indication of class, generally used only in lower levels of competition. The second can be used in all domestic competitions. To compete internationally, an International-level classification is required. Many disabled triathletes compete entirely in age-group races, without going through the classification process.
Classification of Athletes With Disability in the Ironman Triathlon.
The Ironman World Championship includes several divisions for paratriathletes:
These Ironman Triathlon divisions were developed by the World Triathlon Corporation; they are separate from the classification system used by the ITU and International Paralympic Committee.
Future.
The ITU is revising the Paratriathlon classification system prior to the 2016 Summer Paralympics. They have formed a Paratriathlon Classification Research Group to develop an evidence-based and sports specific classification system, drawing on work in swimming, cycling and athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="36583572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583572" title="Sitting volleyball classification">
Sitting volleyball classification

Sitting volleyball classification is the classification system for sitting volleyball. Only people with lower leg paralysis or lower leg extremity amputations are eligible to compete. 
The sport is governed by the World Organization Volleyball for the Disabled.
Definition.
Sitting volleyball allows for multiple classifications but players effectively play in one class, with eligibility for the sport limited to people with lower leg paralysis or lower leg extremity amputations. This sport has rules that were designed specifically for people with disabilities in mind. Classifications for this sport are based on functional mobility. In total there are three types of classification, whereby only two are eligible to play at international competitions. They are, Disabled (D class), Minimally Disabled (MD), and Abled-Bodied (AB), where the latter is ineligible to play.
Governance.
The sport is governed by the World Organization Volleyball for the Disabled.
Eligibility.
People with physical disabilities are eligible to compete in this sport. In competitions that are non-sanctioned, such as national cup and league matches, people without disabilities may compete.
Process.
At the 1996 Summer Paralympics, on the spot classification required that classifiers have access to medical equipment like Snellen charts, reflex hammers, and goniometers to properly classify competitors.
For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport is not supported by the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
At the 1992 Summer Paralympics, two types of volleyball were played including sitting and amputee, with classification being run through ISOD. At the 2000 Summer Paralympics, 26 assessments were conducted at the Games. This resulted in 1 class change.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
<doc id="36583573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36583573" title="Wheelchair curling classification">
Wheelchair curling classification

Wheelchair curling classification is the disability classification system for wheelchair curling, which is governed by the World Curling Federation. Only curlers with lower limb mobility problems are allowed to compete.
Definition.
Unlike skiing, there is a sport specific approach to classification for curling. It includes a medical examination. For wheelchair curling, there is only one class. Competitors go through a classification test to determine if they are eligible.
According to the Canadian Paralympic Committee, "Wheelchair curling is generally open to individuals, both male and female, with significant impairments in lower leg/gait function, who usually require a wheelchair for daily mobility (i.e. spinal injury, cerebral palsy, multiple sclerosis, or double leg amputation). More specifically, these are athletes who are non-ambulant or only able to walk short distances. Authorised international sports classifiers determine the minimum disability and appropriate classification."
Governance.
Classification is handled by the World Curling Federation. While the CP-ISRA has an interest in the sport because it is open to people with cerebral palsy, it is not governed by them. In the United States, classification is overseen by USA Curling. In Canada, classification is governed by the Canadian Curling Association.
Eligibility.
Only curlers with lower limb mobility problems are allowed to compete. The expectation is that most curlers will use a wheelchair in their daily life. Lower leg amputation competitors are allowed to participate in wheelchair sport following classification rules for them based on functional mobility.
Process.
In most countries, classification for national competitions is done through the local national Paralympic committee. For Australian competitors in this sport, the sport is not supported by the Australian Paralympic Committee. There are three types of classification available for Australian competitors: Provisional, national and international. The first is for club level competitions, the second for state and national competitions, and the third for international competitions.
At the Paralympic Games.
It was first played at the 2006 Winter Paralympics. Canada repeated as gold medal winners at the 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver.
Future.
Going forward, disability sport's major classification body, the International Paralympic Committee, is working on improving classification to be more of an evidence-based system as opposed to a performance-based system so as not to punish elite athletes whose performance makes them appear in a higher class alongside competitors who train less.

</doc>
