<doc id="36597555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597555" title="Acute inhalation injury">
Acute inhalation injury

Acute inhalation injury may result from frequent and widespread use of household cleaning agents and industrial gases (including chlorine and ammonia) or from bioterrorism-related events. Depending on the type and amount of irritant gas inhaled, victims can experience symptoms ranging from minor respiratory discomfort to acute airway and lung injury and even death. A common response cascade to a variety of irritant gases includes inflammation, edema and epithelial sloughing, which, left untreated, can result in scar formation and pulmonary and airway remodeling. Currently, mechanical ventilation remains the therapeutic mainstay for pulmonary dysfunction following acute inhalation injury. There is therefore an urgent need to develop airway and pulmonary protective and reparative strategies for mitigation of this injury. A number of in vitro and in vivo models are available for preclinical testing and development of novel therapeutics. A clinically feasible therapeutic would be one that is effective when administered several hours after inhalation and can be administered by first responders in a mass casualty setting. Development of such therapeutics reduces morbidity and mortality associated with acute inhalation injury.
Overview.
The airways and lungs receive continuous first-pass exposure to non-toxic and irritant or toxic gases via inhalation. Irritant gases are those that, on inhalation, dissolve in the water of the respiratory tract mucosa and provoke an inflammatory response, usually from the release of acidic or alkaline radicals. Smoke, chlorine, phosgene, sulfur dioxide, hydrogen chloride, hydrogen sulfide, nitrogen dioxide, ozone, and ammonia are common irritants. Given the gaseous nature of these elements, damage can be widespread.
Smoke.
Smoke inhalation injury, either by itself but more so in the presence of body surface burn, can result in severe lung-induced morbidity and mortality. The most common cause of death in burn centers is now respiratory failure. The 9/11 World Trade Center tragedy in 2001 and forest fires in U.S. states such as California and Nevada are examples of smoke inhalation injury. Injury to the lungs and airways is not only due to deposition of fine particulate soot but also due to the gaseous components of smoke, which include phosgene, carbon monoxide, and sulfur dioxide.
Chlorine.
Chlorine is a relatively common gas in the industry with a variety of uses. It is used to disinfect water as well as being a part of the sanitation process for sewage and industrial waste. Chlorine is also used as a bleaching agent during the production of paper and cloth. Many household cleaning products, including bleach, contain chlorine. Given the volume and ease of chlorine for industrial and commercial use, exposure could occur from an accidental spill or a deliberate attack. The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health recommends that a person wear splash proof goggles, a face shield and a respirator mask when working in the vicinity of chlorine gas. Because chlorine is a gas at room temperature, most exposure occurs via inhalation. Exposure may also occur through skin or eye contact or by ingesting chlorine-contaminated food or water. Chlorine is a strong oxidizing element causing the hydrogen to split from water in moist tissue, resulting in nascent oxygen and hydrogen chloride that cause corrosive tissue damage. Additionally oxidation of chlorine may form hypochlorous acid, which can penetrate cells and react with cytoplasmic proteins destroying cell structure. Chlorine’s odor provides early warning signs of exposure but causes olfactory fatigue or adaptations, reducing awareness of exposure at low concentrations. With increased exposure, symptoms may progress to labored respirations, severe coughing, chest tightness, wheezing, dyspnea, and broncospasm associated with a decrease in oxygen saturation level. . Severe exposure may result in changes in upper and lower airways resulting in an acute lung injury, which may not be present until several hours after exposure. A recent chlorine gas leak in Pune, India, landed 20 individuals in the hospital. Though that was an accidental exposure, chlorine gas has been used as a weapon of warfare since World War I, most recently in 2007 in Iraq.
Phosgene.
Phosgene—another gas infamous as a chemical weapon during World War I—is also a valued industrial reagent and building block in synthesis of pharmaceuticals and other organic compounds. Because of safety issues, phosgene is almost always produced and consumed within the same plant and extraordinary measures are made to contain this gas. In low concentrations, phosgene’s odor resembles freshly cut hay or grass. Because of this, the gas may not be noticed and symptoms may appear slowly. Phosgene directly reacts with amine, sulfhydryl, and alcohol groups, adversely affecting cell macromolecules and metabolism. The direct toxicity to the cells leads to an increase in capillary permeability. Furthermore, when phosgene hydrolyzes it forms hydrochloric acid, which can damage the cell surface and cause cell death in the alveoli and bronchioles. The hydrochloric acid triggers an inflammatory response that attracts neutrophils to the lungs, which causes pulmonary edema.
Ammonia.
Ammonia is generally used in household cleaning products, as well as on farms and in some industrial and commercial locations, and this makes it easy for accidental or deliberate exposure to occur. Ammonia interacts with moist surfaces to form ammonium hydroxide, which causes necrosis of tissues. Exposure to high concentrations can cause bronchiolar and alveolar edema and airway destruction resulting in respiratory distress or failure. Although ammonia has a pungent odor, it also causes olfactory fatigue or adaptation, reducing awareness of prolonged exposure.
Sulfur mustard.
Sulfur mustard was used as a chemical weapon in World War I and more recently in the Iran–Iraq War 1980–1988. It is still considered one of the most important chemical warfare agents, and because of its cheap production, it could readily be adopted by terrorists. Sulfur mustard is a vesicant alkylating agent with strong cytotoxic, mutagenic, and carcinogenic properties. After exposure, victims show skin irritations and blisters. This agent also causes respiratory tract lesions, bone marrow depression, and eye damage, the epithelial tissues of these organs being predominately affected. Inhalation of high doses of this gas causes lesions in the larynx, trachea, and large bronchi with inflammatory reactions and necrosis. The alkylating agent affects more the upper parts of the respiratory tract, and only intensely exposed victims showed signs like bronchiolitis obliterans in the distal part. Secondary effects of sulfur mustard exposure lead to chronic lung diseases such as chronic bronchitis.
Other irritants.
Chloramine.
A common exposure involves accidental mixing of household ammonia with cleansers containing bleach; the irritant gas chloramine is released.
Mustard gas.
Mustards, vesicating agents, have been primarily used in warfare. They damage the upper airway mucosa. Pulmonary edema rarely occurs because mustard rarely affects the lung parenchyma and alveoli.
Methyl isocyanate.
Methyl isocyanate is an intermediate chemical in the production of carbamate pesticides (such as carbaryl, carbofuran, methomyl, and aldicarb). It has also been used in the production of rubbers and adhesives. As a highly toxic and irritating material, it is hazardous to human health, and was involved in the Bhopal disaster—which killed nearly 8,000 people initially and approximately 17,000 people in total. When inhaled the vapor produces a direct inflammatory effect on the respiratory tract.
Pathophysiology of inhalation injury.
Respiratory damage is related to the concentration of the gas and its solubility. Irritant gas exposures predominantly affect the airways, causing tracheitis, bronchitis, and bronchiolitis. Other inhaled agents may be directly toxic (e.g. cyanide, carbon monoxide), or cause harm simply by displacing O2 and producing asphyxia (e.g. methane, carbon dioxide). The effect of inhaling irritant gases depends on the extent and duration of exposure and on the specific agent Chlorine, phosgene, sulfur dioxide, hydrogen chloride or sulfide, nitrogen dioxide, ozone, and ammonia are among the most important irritant gases. Hydrogen sulfide is also a potent cellular toxin, blocking the cytochrome system and inhibiting cellular respiration. More water-soluble gases (e.g. chlorine, ammonia, sulfur dioxide, hydrogen chloride) dissolve in the upper airway and immediately cause mucous membrane irritation, which may alert people to the need to escape the exposure. Permanent damage to the upper respiratory tract, distal airways, and lung parenchyma occurs only if escape from the gas source is impeded. Less soluble gases (e.g. nitrogen dioxide, phosgene, ozone) may not dissolve until they are well into the respiratory tract, often reaching the lower airways. These agents are less likely to produce early warning signs (phosgene in low concentrations has a pleasant odor), are more likely to cause severe bronchiolitis, and often have a lag of ≥ 12 h before symptoms of pulmonary edema develop.
Acute lung injury.
Acute lung injury (ALI), also called non-cardiogenic pulmonary edema, is characterized by the abrupt onset of significant hypoxemia and diffuse pulmonary infiltrates in the absence of cardiac failure. The core pathology is disruption of the capillary-endothelial interface: this actually refers to two separate barriers – the endothelium and the basement membrane of the alveolus. In the acute phase of ALI, there is increased permeability of this barrier and protein rich fluid leaks out of the capillaries. There are two types of alveolar epithelial cells – Type 1 pneumocytes represent 90% of the cell surface area, and are easily damaged. Type 2 pneumocytes are more resistant to damage, which is important as these cells produce surfactant, transport ions and proliferate and differentiate into Type 1 cells. The damage to the endothelium and the alveolar epithelium results in the creation of an open interface between the lung and the blood, facilitating the spread of micro-organisms from the lung systemically, stoking up a systemic inflammatory response. Moreover, the injury to epithelial cells handicaps the lung’s ability to pump fluid out of airspaces. Fluid filled airspaces, loss of surfactant, microvascular thrombosis and disorganized repair (which leads to fibrosis) reduces resting lung volumes (decreased compliance), increasing ventilation-perfusion mismatch, right to left shunt and the work of breathing. In addition, lymphatic drainage of lung units appears to be curtailed—stunned by the acute injury—which contributes to the build-up of extravascular fluid. Some patients rapidly recover from ALI and have no permanent sequelae. Prolonged inflammation and destruction of pneumocytes leads to fibroblastic proliferation, hyaline membrane formation, tracheal remodeling and lung fibrosis. This fibrosing alveolitis may become apparent as early as five days after the initial injury. Subsequent recovery may be characterized by reduced physiologic reserve, and increased susceptibility to further lung injuries. Extensive microvascular thrombosis may lead to pulmonary hypertension, myocardial dysfunction and systemic hypotension.
Acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Clinically, the most serious and immediate complication is acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), which usually occurs within 24 h. Those with significant lower airway involvement may develop bacterial infection. Importantly, victims suffering body surface burn and smoke inhalation are the most susceptible. Thermal injury combined with inhalation injury compromises pulmonary function, producing microvascular hyperpermeability that leads to a significant increase in lung lymph flow and pulmonary edema. The terrorist attack on the World Trade Centers on September 11, 2001 left many people with impaired lung function. A study of firefighters and EMS workers enrolled in the FDNY WTC Medical Monitoring and Treatment Program, whose lung function was tested prior to 9/11, documented a steep decline in lung function in the first year after 9/11. A new study that includes a thousand additional workers shows that the declines have persisted over time. Prior to 9/11, 3% of firefighters had below-normal lung function, one year after 9/11 nearly 19% did, and six years later it stabilized at 13%. Ten to 14 days after acute exposure to some agents (e.g. ammonia, nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, mercury), some patients develop bronchiolitis obliterans progressing to ARDS. Bronchiolitis obliterans with organized pneumonia can ensue when granulation tissue accumulates in the terminal airways and alveolar ducts during the body's reparative process. A minority of these patients develop late pulmonary fibrosis. Also at enhanced risk are persons with co-morbidities. Several studies report that both aged persons and smokers are especially vulnerable to the adverse effects of inhalation injury.
Treatment strategies.
Specific pretreatments, drugs to prevent chemically induced lung injuries due to respiratory airway toxins, are not available. Analgesic medications, oxygen, humidification, and ventilator support currently constitute standard therapy. In fact, mechanical ventilation remains the therapeutic mainstay for acute inhalation injury. The cornerstone of treatment is to keep the PaO2 > 60 mmHg (8.0 kPa), without causing injury to the lungs with excessive O2 or volutrauma. Pressure control ventilation is more versatile than volume control, although breaths should be volume limited, to prevent stretch injury to the alveoli. Positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) is used in mechanically ventilated patients with ARDS to improve oxygenation. Hemorrhaging, signifying substantial damage to the lining of the airways and lungs, can occur with exposure to highly corrosive chemicals and may require additional medical interventions. Corticosteroids are sometimes administered, and bronchodilators to treat bronchospasms. Drugs that reduce the inflammatory response, promote healing of tissues, and prevent the onset of pulmonary edema or secondary inflammation may be used following severe injury to prevent chronic scarring and airway narrowing.
Although current treatments can be administered in a controlled hospital setting, many hospitals are ill-suited for a situation involving mass casualties among civilians. Inexpensive positive-pressure devices that can be used easily in a mass casualty situation, and drugs to prevent inflammation and pulmonary edema are needed. Several drugs that have been approved by the FDA for other indications hold promise for treating chemically induced pulmonary edema. These include β2-agonists, dopamine, insulin, allopurinol, and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as ibuprofen. Ibuprofen is particularly appealing because it has an established safety record and can be easily administered as an initial intervention. Other promising drugs in earlier stages of development act at various steps in the complex molecular pathways underlying pulmonary edema. Some of these potential drugs target the inflammatory response or the specific site(s) of injury. Others modulate the activity of ion channels that control fluid transport across lung membranes or target surfactant, a substance that lines the air sacs in the lungs and prevents them from collapsing. Mechanistic information based on toxicology, biochemistry, and physiology may be instrumental in determining new targets for therapy. Mechanistic studies may also aid in the development of new diagnostic approaches. Some chemicals generate metabolic byproducts that could be used for diagnosis, but detection of these byproducts may not be possible until many hours after initial exposure. Additional research must be directed at developing sensitive and specific tests to identify individuals quickly after they have been exposed to varying levels of chemicals toxic to the respiratory tract.
Currently there are no clinically approved agents that can reduce pulmonary and airway cell dropout and avert the transition to pulmonary and /or airway fibrosis.
Preclinical development of pulmonary protective strategies.
Given the constant threat of bioterrorist related events, there is an urgent need to develop pulmonary protective and reparative agents that can be used by first responders in a mass casualty setting. Use in such a setting would require administration via a convenient route for e.g. intramuscular via epipens. Other feasible routes of administration could be inhalation and perhaps to a lesser extent oral – swallowing can be difficult in many forms of injury especially if accompanied by secretions or if victim is nauseous. A number of in vitro and in vivo models lend themselves to preclinical evaluation of novel pulmonary therapies.
In vitro.
In vitro, exposure of human bronchial epithelial cells or human pulmonary alveolar epithelial cells to agents such as hydrogen peroxide or bleach produces a time and toxin-dose-dependent decrease in cellular viability. Cells exposed to these agents demonstrate significant ATP depletion, DNA damage, and lipid peroxidation, followed by death allowing for evaluation of novel cytoprotective agents. Potential tissue reparative agents can be evaluated in vitro by determining their effects on stimulation of pulmonary and airway epithelial cell proliferation.
In vivo.
Test articles passing muster in vitro can be evaluated in a number of in vivo models (usually in mice) of ALI including chlorine inhalation, intratracheal instillation of bleomycin and in transforming growth factor β1 (TGF β1) overexpressing transgenic mice exposed to high dose doxycycline. Acute exposure to high concentrations of chlorine gas induces pathological and functional changes in the lungs of rodents. Histological changes consist of epithelial necrosis and detachment, increase in the area of smooth muscle, epithelial regeneration and mucous cell hyperplasia. Most of these abnormalities resolve with time. Functional changes (increased RL and/or bronchial responsiveness to inhaled methacholine) last for mean intervals of 3 and 7 days after exposure, but can persist up to 30 and 90 days, respectively. The functional changes are related to the overall abnormal airway epithelial damage and there is a significant correlation between RL and bronchoalveolar lavage ( BAL) neutrophilia. Bleomycin is an antineoplastic antibiotic drug isolated in 1966 from the actinomycete Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin forms a complex with oxygen and metals such as Fe2+, leading to the production of oxygen radicals, DNA breaks, and ultimately cell death. Doxycycline driven overexpression of TGF β1 in the lungs of transgenic mice result in a time-dependent inflammatory response characterized by massive infiltration of F4/80+ monocytic/macrophage-like cells and a wave of apoptotic pulmonary cell death. Mice that survive this initial onslaught go on to demonstrate an increase in lung collagen content, and decreased lung compliance. A large animal model of ALI is the ovine model of body surface burn + heated smoke inhalation. It has been established that combined burn and smoke inhalation injury impairs hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction (HPV), the vasoconstrictive response to hypoxia, thereby mismatching ventilation with perfusion. Gas exchange is affected by increases in the dispersion of both alveolar ventilation and cardiac output because bronchial and vascular functions are altered by injury-related factors, such as the effects of inflammatory mediators on airway and vascular smooth muscle tone. As a general rule of thumb, all these models are characterized by high mortality, inflammation of the airways and pulmonary parenchyma, edema and flooding of the alveolar spaces by a proteinaceous exudate, sloughing of the airway and pulmonary epithelium, scarring and transition to airway and pulmonary remodeling.
Clinical approval.
Interestingly while the preclinical literature is rife with agents that have demonstrated protection against airway and lung injury, none of these agents have transitioned to the clinic. A clinically relevant intervention would need to show efficacy when administered several hours following insult. Route of administration is important. Translation of preclinical findings into a clinical trial might be challenging in the setting of acute inhalation injury. In recognition of this, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has provided guidelines (Animal Rule) for clinical approval of such agents.
Summary.
A number of household and industrial agents can cause inhalation injury. Damage can range from minor and reversible irritation of the airways to death. Inflammation, edema, epithelial sloughing are common features, which left untreated can cause scar formation and pulmonary and airway remodeling. With mechanical ventilation the only therapeutic mainstay for inhalation injury, there is a need for development of airway and pulmonary protective and reparative strategies. A number of clinically relevant models exist to evaluate novel therapeutic strategies against acute inhalation injury. An ideal therapeutic is one that can be administered by a first responder and is effective when administered several hours following injury. Development of such a strategy is required by the US national interest.

</doc>
<doc id="36597575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597575" title="Denis Baum">
Denis Baum

Denis Baum (born April 13, 1987) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="36597601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597601" title="Borjak-e Sheykhi">
Borjak-e Sheykhi

Borjak-e Sheykhi (, also Romanized as Borjak-e Sheykhī) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 346, in 65 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597626" title="List of state leaders in 395 BC">
List of state leaders in 395 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36597629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597629" title="Genus of a quadratic form">
Genus of a quadratic form

In mathematics, the genus is a classification of quadratic forms and lattices over the ring of integers.
An integral quadratic form is a quadratic form on Z"n", or more generally a free Z-module of finite rank. Two such forms are in the same "genus" if they are equivalent over the local rings Z"p" for each prime "p" and also equivalent over R.
Equivalent forms are in the same genus, but the converse does not hold. For example, "x"2 + 82"y"2 and 2"x"2 + 41"y"2 are in the same genus but not equivalent over Z.
Forms in the same genus have equal discriminant and hence there are only finitely many equivalence classes in a genus.
The Smith–Minkowski–Siegel mass formula gives the "weight" or "mass" of the quadratic forms in a genus, the count of equivalence classes weighted by the reciprocals of the orders of their automorphism groups.
Binary quadratic forms.
For binary quadratic forms there is a group structure on the set "C" equivalence classes of forms with given discriminant. The genera are defined by the "generic characters". The principal genus, the genus containing the principal form, is precisely the subgroup "C"2 and the genera are the cosets of "C"2: so in this case all genera contain the same number of classes of forms. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597632" title="Hieronymus Roth">
Hieronymus Roth

Hieronymus Roth (1606–1678) was a lawyer and alderman of Königsberg (Polish: "Królewiec", modern day Kaliningrad) who led the city burghers in opposition to Elector Frederick William. 
In the Treaty of Oliva of 1660 the Elector had managed to have himself recognized as sovereign in Ducal Prussia and no longer a vassal of the King of Poland. The Prussian Estates and Roth saw this as a step towards tyranny: before, when a conflict between the Estates and the Elector arose, the Estates always had a recourse to a higher authority, the King of Poland, but now this check had been removed. In 1661 the Prussian council, led by Roth, repudiated the Treaty of Oliva, stating that the transfer of sovereignty from Poland to the Elector was not valid without their consent. Roth then sent a plea to the King of Poland John II Casimir Vasa, asking for assistance. Furthermore, Roth and the burghers objected to Frederick's requirement that henceforth the Prussian Estates could meet only with his approval, and to the higher taxes the Elector had levied without their consent. As a result, Königsberg and her council refused to make an oath of allegiance to the Elector, and sent letters to the Polish king in Warsaw asking if they could "become Polish subjects once more, as (they) had been in the past".
However, with no help for the burghers immediately forthcoming from the King of Poland, in October 1662 Frederick William arrived in Königsberg with two thousand soldiers and had Roth arrested, swearing that Roth would be "interrogated tomorrow, condemned the next and executed on Tuesday or Wednesday". While Roth was not immediately tried and killed, possibly because he would have been acquitted of any charge the Elector could bring against him, he was imprisoned in a fortress in Peitz, Brandenburg, far away from Ducal Prussia. Initially, the terms of Roth's imprisonment were relatively benign and the Elector stated that he would free him if Roth would admit to treason. However, Roth refused to ask for pardon and secretly continued agitation against the Elector via clandestine letters sent from his prison cell. When these were discovered, the conditions in the prison were made worse and Frederick swore to never release him. At the end of his life, at the age of seventy, Roth finally did submit himself to the Elector, but he remained imprisoned and died two years later.
With the death of Count Christian Ludwig von Kalckstein in 1672, who had been kidnapped from Poland by Frederick William's agents and executed in Memel (Kłajpeda), and the end of resistance to the Elector in Königsberg in 1674, the opposition of the Prussian Estates to Hohenzollern absolutism in Ducal Prussia came to an end.

</doc>
<doc id="36597638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597638" title="Cheshmeh Anjir, Razavi Khorasan">
Cheshmeh Anjir, Razavi Khorasan

Cheshmeh Anjir (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Anjīr; also known as Anjīr) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 341, in 61 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597645" title="Chelakkottukara">
Chelakkottukara

Chelakkottukara is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Chelakkottukara is Ward 21 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation. Important locations: Jubilee Mission Medical college, Thope Stadium, Mar Aprem Church, St. Thomas H.S.S Thope, Seventh Day Adventist Senior Secondary School, Mar Thimotheus High School.

</doc>
<doc id="36597664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597664" title="Valarkavu">
Valarkavu

Valarkavu is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Valarkavu is Ward 23 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597670" title="Ciarán Ó Lionáird">
Ciarán Ó Lionáird

Ciarán Ó Lionáird (born 11 April 1988) is an Irish runner from Cork. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 1500 metres. At the 2013 European Athletics Indoor Championships in March, he came 3rd in the Men's 3000 metres.
Early Years.
Ciaran grew up just outside of Macroom, County Cork, Ireland. He attended De La Salle College, Macroom, where he was an Irish Schools 1500 metre champion. Ciaran first took up running at age 7 with West Muskerry AC, but at age 12 joined Leevale to become coached by Der O’Donovan. It was at Leevale that Ciaran improved his times and ran an Irish Youths indoor record of 3:50 at age 16. He went on to win a bronze medal at the European Youth Olympic Festival in Lignano in 2005 as well as taking 10th place in the World Youth Championships, both over the metric mile.
College/FSU 2011 Breakthrough.
In 2006, having finished school, Ciaran decided to take up a scholarship at the University of Michigan under Coach Ron Warhurst. After numerous season-ending injuries (osteitis-pubis, L5 disc herniation, hip bursitis) he decided to transfer to Florida State University in 2009. A recurrence of Ciaran’s back disc injury in 2010 led to 6 months on the sidelines and with surgery imminent, he thought his running career might well be over. However, he battled through a summer of intense therapy and came back in the Autumn of 2010 to become All American at the NCAA XC Championships. In 2011 however, the big breakthrough came on the track with massive PBs in every distance. He broke the 1500 and 5k ACC records in helping FSU to the ACC Outdoor Track Championships, and during the European Track season he attained the World Championships Qualifying Standard with the 4th fastest Irish time ever over 1500m (3:34.46). That was in addition to personal best performances over the mile (3:57.99), 3k (7:50) and 5k (13:33). At the World Championships in Daegu Ciaran progressed through a tactical first round and ran 3:36 in the semi-final to make the World’s final in his first Major Championship appearance. In the final, he placed 10th and although it was not the result he wanted, it illustrated how far he has come with just one year of healthy, consistent running and provided him with valuable experience ahead of the London Olympics in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36597681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597681" title="Florian Tausendpfund">
Florian Tausendpfund

Florian Tausendpfund (born January 5, 1987) is a German footballer who plays for 1. FC Heidenheim.

</doc>
<doc id="36597684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597684" title="Anjir, Iran">
Anjir, Iran

Anjir (, also Romanized as Anjīr) is a village in Gachi Rural District, Gachi District, Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 807, in 100 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597687" title="Peter Hillgren">
Peter Hillgren

Peter Hillgren (born 15 March 1966) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36597717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597717" title="Mike Snider (musician)">
Mike Snider (musician)

Mike Snider, (born May 5, 1961), is an American bluegrass banjo player and humorist. He learned to play banjo at the age of 16. Although he is well known for irreverent humor, he is a well respected banjo player. Much of his comedy is based on stories about his wife, Sabrina, referred to as Sweetie.
Musical career.
In 1983 Snider won the National Banjo Championship, at the Walnut Valley Festival, Winfield, Kansas. He was asked to appear on the Grand Ole Opry as a guest artist in 1984. On June 2, 1990 he was inducted as a member of the Grand Ole Opry, by country comedian Minnie Pearl. He was a cast member on the variety show "Hee Haw" from 1990–1996. From 1991–1998 Snider performed at Opryland USA. Snider still performs regularly on the Grand Ole Opry.
Personal life.
Snider still lives in Gleason, Tennessee. He is married to Sabrina Snider. The couple has two children, Katie Lynn and Blake.

</doc>
<doc id="36597718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597718" title="Patavarad">
Patavarad

Padavarad is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Padavarad is Ward 26 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation. 
Padavarad is a small center which is now emerging largely. There are lots of home appliances and duty paid shops are also there.
[There are more than 20 financial and kuri companies also situated in Padavarad.
Padavarad is a good residential area where all class of people can live. Padavarad there are 2churches and 2temples situated.
There are lots of welfare clubs also active there such as cheguvera sporting, kirans club, souhrda club, etc.
Politics of Padavarad may change according to its nature. But cpim is the major party in padavarad. Now this division also represented by a cpim candidate.
congress party also active in padavarad. Varghese kandamkulathy a well known person also belongs to this locality.
Now padavarad is becoming a very good place for apartment and villa projects .GBT builders are one of the leading one here. 
Padavarad had contributed lot of services to society. <any doctors, advocates, engineers etc. former public prosecutor Adv.K D Babu also belongs to this place.

</doc>
<doc id="36597721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597721" title="Studio City Sound">
Studio City Sound

Studio City Sound is a recording studio located in Studio City, California. Grammy Award winning mixer, Tom Weir, purchased Fidelity Studios in 2002 and has updated and operated the facility as Studio City Sound since that time. Weir's additional credits include, engineer, producer, mastering/remastering, composer, keyboards and programming, drums and vocals. Studio City Sound has three recording studios, configured with a blend of digital and analog recording equipment. Clients can monitor recording and mixing sessions via the Internet courtesy of Studio City Sound's, Telos Zephyr, ISDN capabilities.
Artists who have used Studio City Sound.
Studio City Sound roster of session musicians:

</doc>
<doc id="36597723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597723" title="Edakkunni">
Edakkunni

Edakkunni is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Edakkunni is Ward 28 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597727" title="Novi Handriawan">
Novi Handriawan

Novi Handriawan (born on November 4, 1986) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSMS Medan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36597731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597731" title="Siege of Mexico City">
Siege of Mexico City

The Siege of Mexico City was an 1867 military engagement in the French intervention in Mexico between the Mexican Republican forces and Emperor Maximilian's troops encompassing in the siege of the city. It was the last armed conflict of the Second Mexican Empire and the fall of the city resulted in the transition of the Empire into the Republic led by Benito Juárez.
Circumstances.
Mexico City was occupied by the French Army. The French decided to withdrew the last of their corps on 5 February 1867 a week after the Emperor Maximilian also left Mexico City for Querétaro accompanied by his Imperial guards. On the 21st, Republican General Vicente Riva Palacio and Diego Álvarez Benítez arrived near the city with 4,000 soldiers. On the Imperialist side, General Leonardo Márquez marched to assume supreme command of the city. On his way to Mexico City Máquez was routed at San Lorenzo by Díaz. Márquez fled with his cavalry leaving the rest of the infantry behind. Colonel Kodolitsch saved the day by marching out and forming a rearguard to protect the retreating troops and bring them into the city. On 12 May all the foreign commanders agreed that they needed to prepare a secondary plan in case General Márquez' actions endangered their own men. They elected Colonel Khevenhüller as the acting Commander-in-Chief in case of the necessity to remove Márquez. They also agreed that in negotiating any ceasefire agreement they would act together to reach their own ndependentterms regardless of the Mexicans'.
The capital was defended by 400 cannons. On the 2nd Republican forces seized the railroad line of Apisaco and started to transport the war material from Puebla by train. On the 15th General Porfirio Díaz arrived at Villa Guadalupe, where he tried to surround Villa Guadalupe, but was prevented by the Imperial artillery. The French counterguerillas who defended the village withdrew to the fortified garitas at San Lázaro, Vallejo and in the Peralvillo. These positions were already entrenched and defended by five hundred Austrians and two hundred Mexicans. The Austrian column was commanded by von Hammerstein, who was shot in the trenches on 25 May 1867. The communication and supply lines of the capital were shut down on 18th with the arrival Díaz' 12,000 soldiers.
The Republicans were in a hurry to force the city to surrender as the rainy weather of autumn would prevent any further military action to be taken. Upon his arrival Díaz proclaimed that his intents were to arrest General Márquez, Tomás O'Horán and the former Minister of State. He also stated that he would execute all the Austrian auxiliaries if they were captured. The lives of the Francofon soldiers would be spared since 60% of his own cavalry consisted of French deserters. On 20 April Agnes Salm-Salm, a Prussian princess in Imperial service, appeared at the camp of Díaz and offered the disbandment of the European troops in exchange for the guarantee of their and Maximilian's lives and free passage back to Europe. Although her offer was not accepted she tried to further convince Díaz by sending word that the Austro-Hungarian troops were put on hold and under the temporary protection of the neutral Prussian flag as of 26th inst.
Siege.
On 17 May Querétaro fell and Maximilian was taken prisoner and the 15,000 troops of General Mariano Escobedo were redirected to assist in the siege of the capital. On 23 May, Porfirio Díaz tightened the ring around the city and advanced to Tacubaya and was confronted by the French guerrillas at Belen on 30 May who held them back until 9 June when they were called to reassemble at San Antonio Abad. 
Meanwhile the famine within the city became unbearable. It was reported that half of the population of 220,000 had fled from the city during the siege. There was an instance when 14,000 inhabitants left in one day. The famine was so severe it caused a minor rebellion within the local residents. On 8 June, rumors had it that a great quantity of grain was hidden in the Theatre Iturbide. The mob broke its entrances and flooded the building. Some amount of cereals was found which was immediately plundered. The riot escalated and reached the marketplace, threatening to pillage it. In fear that this would have led to greater conflict between the garrison and the civilians and to prevent the gates being opened and city delivered to the Republicans, the Austro-Hungarian cavalry raided the crowd and dispersed it. No weapons were used in order to avoid panic and an anti-Imperialist morale to arise. To prevent further riots, all hidden food stores were revealed by house-to-house searches and distributed by the hussars and gendarmes among the people.
On 14 June, General of artillery Ramirez Arellano arrived to the region and after having himself disguised as a charcoal-burner, infiltrated into the city and gave reports about the current situation of the Empire. Márquez took the opportunity to spread rumors of an Imperial victory in Querétaro and used the arrival of Arellano as a forged evidence for that. As soon as the rumors spread that the Emperor was victorious in Querétaro and he was on his way to relieve the capital, a great feast was held in the city. Díaz saw the fiesta as an opportunity to break the stalemate while the city was distracted with their celebration. At noon, he unexpectedly attacked San Cosme and Belen, sneaking with his soldiers one by one through an aqueduct. The native Indians and the French took up the arms against the surprise attack. They charged two cannons with grapeshots and targeted both sides of the aqueduct, while six men mounted it to cut the only possible escape route. The Liberals tried to take initiative three times, all of which were repulsed and they retreated. At the end of the assault attempt several hundred Liberals were found dead in the field..
On the 18th the French and Austrian commanders met where the latter informed the guerillas that the Emperor was taken prisoner and that they proclaimed their neutrality for the rest of the battle and were already in negotiations with the Republicans. The French Commander Chenet referred to their previous agreement, in which they agreed that they wouldn't surrender without the consent of the other. The next day all Europeans put down their weapons and awaited until the end of the siege. The French were residing at San Pedro y San Pablo, while the other Europeans occupied the National Palace.
As the funds were running low General Márquez engrossed $150,000 from the Barron, Forbes & Co. and impounded $60,000 more on the Nacional Monte de Piedad. No supplies could reach the city after it had been surrounded and as a result food stores ran empty and the forced levies just worsened the situation. Only three bakeries were still open to furnish the soldiers and the remaining two hundred thousand inhabitants. House raids were everyday common for hidden foodstocks. Still hundreds of people died of the famine. Every sort of commerce was completely suspended.
Breakout attempts.
First.
The first breakout attempt took place on 18 May. The Imperial Mexican infantry was dispersed easily. A dismounted cavalry company intervened and assaulted the Republican ramparts, only to open the road for Colonel Kodolitsch to search for provisions in the nearby territory. After gathering enough rural goods, the Imperialists returned to the city.
Second.
The second breakout commenced on Sunday at 2 o'clock in the morning of 9 June after preparing a plan to occupy the Santa Fé fort in order to secure the route into the city. Márquez still believed that the Emperor will arrive to the city with the rest of the army. At 4 am the "red Hussars" of Khevenhüller unified with the French counterguerillas at San Antonio Abad. At 5 am joined by regiment of gendarmes and the brigade of Quiroga they attacked the Republicans. The French were left in reserve. At 6 am General Tabera ordered a feint attack towards the Piedad river. The operation succeeded in piercing the enemy lines though all of his troops had to return to the city.
Third.
The third and last breakout was led by Márquez himself, which was an undercover attempt to escape the capital and leave it to its fate as he received worrisome information regarding the fall of Querétaro and the capture of Maximilian. On the night of 17 June at the head of 6,000 men they marched through the Cuartos bridge in the direction of La Piedad. He was stopped by Díaz in person there who came from Tacubaya when he heard the cannon fire. At that time Colonel Leyva's battalion was nearly destroyed and Cuartos bridge had been almost taken when Díaz took command of the first battalion of Oaxaca lancers from General Terán, and reinforced the remnants of the Republicans. He was shortly followed by Terán's second and third Lancer battalion, General Naranjo and his Los Morales cavalry and Félix Díaz from Coyoacán. The Imperialists had no other way back but to pass the same bridge they came, which was covered by the fire of Díaz' artillery causing great losses to Márquez' forces
Negotiations.
Díaz and O'Horán.
On the 18th The Mexican Imperial General O'Horán, persuaded Díaz to meet him halfway at night and used red light signals to identify himself while sneaking out undiscovered from the capital. Díaz escorted by drummers and buglers responded with the same signal, that unfortunately revealed his position to the Imperialist shooters who instantly opened fire on him. O'Horán blamed Márquez for the incident and swore his innocence. The second night O'Horan came out of the capital and met Díaz, which they did this time. He offered to surrender the city, including Márquez and the other principal officers, with the sole condition of obtaining a passport to go abroad. Díaz felt that such an offer is pointless considering the city was helpless, and that as for the other leaders I would fulfill my duty. O'Horán insisted that however the city would fall the capture of the wanted officers was uncertain, but his offer guaranteed both. Díaz refused again and warned the General that although he let him get away that time he would put him under custody as soon as the city was to be captured.
Díaz and Khevenhüller.
News circulated within the capital that Querétaro had fallen. Upon his capture Maximilian wrote to Anton von Magnus, the Prussian minister to Mexico residing in Mexico City, and called for him to go to his prison and provide legal counseling before his trial. The Austrian commanders was suspicious and thought of that letter as a falsified one and wasn't conveyed by the telegraph. Avoiding a possible trick they asked the Prussian Baronto to find out the truth behind the courrier by indirectly requesting the Emperor to send a hand-written signed letter to clarify his will on the continuation of military matters. After local merchants confirmed the arrest of the Emperor, Colonel Kodolitsch declared and insisted that the foreign troops would continue to defend the city no matter what. On the 17th, Baron Eduard Lago, the Austrian chargé d'affaires, who had been released Querétaro on 2 June and returned to Tacubaya on the 16th, sent a mail on the same day to Colonel Khevenhüller, in which he assured to obtain a signed letter from the Emperor that ordered all officers of Austrian nationality to abstain from any further bloodshed. The Austrians were then convinced of its reliability and decided to cease hostilities immediately and asked Lago for mediation at Díaz. They insisted though to all their military honours, their neutrality, and protection, required to be escorted on the retreat of their troops to Vera Cruz, and assurance of their maintenance until their embarquement at the said port. All terms had been settled in an agreement, which was as follows:
Although the agreement had never been ratified it came to an effect on the day of the general surrender, they presented themself disarmed at the National Palace at the time of the Republican takeover.
Díaz and Tabera.
On 17 June General Ramon Tabera Commanding-General of the Second Army Corps began to make contact with Díaz, though returned without accomplishing anything. He assumed high command when Márquez disappeared from the city on the evening of 19 June with the rest of the treasury. A theory suggested he was smuggled alive by foreign Republican volunteers in a coffin to one of the cemeteries and set to travel at midnight. He was dressed as a fruit peddler to reach safely Vera Cruz. Other account claims he went to one of his confidant, a miller with his compatriot O'Horán. Otterbourg, the United States Consul General tried to deliver a truce proposition that the city would surrender in exchange for the prohibition of death sentences upon the garrison. Díaz refused to listen to the proposition, and allowed a few minutes for him to return. After he passed the Equestrian statue of Charles IV the shelling resumed. After realising the absence of Márquez white flags were raised on the city buildings, and the call for a capitulation was signaled to the besiegers. The official message was delivered to Díaz by Miguel Peña, Díaz de la Vega and Carlos Palafox on the behalf and consent of Tabera. The agreement was as follows:
Díaz and Csizmadia.
After the siege General Díaz was informed that Hungarian troops are present in the city. At the moment the Hungarian cavalry found shelter in the National Palace, when Díaz personally sent for Major Csizmadia and granted him a meeting. The two had known each other for quite a long time as Csizmadia served as a prison lieutenant in Puebla when Díaz was held as captive there. On one occasion Díaz refused to be taken to the bathroom by a low rank prison guard when Csizmadia offered to personally escort him there, which was an unusual courtesy. He even invited the General for a lunch at his house, who accepted it. The lieutenant dealt with his inmate amicably and they even attended to a bull fight together. Díaz only refused a closer friendship to evolve because he feared to having been labeled pro-Imperialist and that would have ruined his image. On 20 September 1865 he successfully escaped from the prison using a rope and a dagger with the acquiescence and consent of the Hungarian officer . He praised Csizmadia's generous and noble attitude towards him several times in his later memoirs. This was the reason he was looking for the captured Csizmadia after the siege and allowed him and his Hungarian regiment to move to Vera Cruz and to be taken home on the board of the Austrian ship SMS Novara along with the rest of the Austrian corps. Csizmadia also helped to negotiate the same terms of surrender for the Austrians as well. 
Final days.
Feeling that the end is near Leonardo Márquez escaped from the capital, went into exile and passed the leadership to Ramon Tabera On 20 June, who immediately negotiated a surrender, which Díaz accepted and entered the city the following day. After taking measures for the maintaining the order and supplying food to the inhabitants Díaz sent out for the Imperialist officers, as well as ministers, councilors, administrators of the previous regime to present themselves voluntarily within a twenty four hour period. The only ones who did so were General Tabera and a few others. Díaz had three prisons prepared for the high class subordinates of the Empire each reserved to different branches of the same rank. Unprovoked punishment of the prisoners was prohibited. Their families and friends could freely visit them. The sick were permitted to remain at their homes. Many of them failed to show up and search-groups were formed to enforce the warrants. Among these were Vidaurri, Lacunza, O'Horan, and Manuel Ramirez Arellano but many of them were later arrested. Juan José Baz, newly appointed Chief of the Police of the Capital of the Mexican Republic proclaimed on 21 June:
Finally President Juárez ceremonially visited the city on 21 July and issued a general amnesty. Army was reduced to 18,000 conscripts.

</doc>
<doc id="36597734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597734" title="Thaikkattussery">
Thaikkattussery

Thaikkattussery is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Thaikkattussery is Ward 29 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597739" title="Fikir Sahibi Damaklar">
Fikir Sahibi Damaklar

Fikir Sahibi Damaklar convivium located in Istanbul, Turkey is one of the local branches of Slow Food—an international nonprofit member-supported association founded to counter the rise of fast food, the disappearance of local food traditions and people’s dwindling interest in the food they eat, where it comes from and how our food choices affect the rest of the world. Fikir sahibi Damaklar is an urban group, aiming tho transform consumers into co-producers.
Lüfer Holiday
Label Detectives
Anti-GMO's Campaign

</doc>
<doc id="36597743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597743" title="Kokkale">
Kokkale

Kokkale is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Kokkale is Ward 35 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597744" title="List of state leaders in 394 BC">
List of state leaders in 394 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36597748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597748" title="Vadookkara">
Vadookkara

Vadookkara is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Vadookkara is Ward 39 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597753" title="Frank Lehmann">
Frank Lehmann

Frank Lehmann (born 29 April 1989) is a German footballer who plays for VfL Osnabrück.
Career.
Lehmann began his career with VfB Stuttgart, and made one appearance for the reserve team, on the last day of the 2007–08 season. He spent the next two seasons on loan with Eintracht Frankfurt and then Energie Cottbus, where he again played reserve team football, but he did make one appearance for the Cottbus first team in the 2. Bundesliga, as a substitute for Gerhard Tremmel on the last day of the 2009–10 season, in a 4–1 win over Rot-Weiss Ahlen. 
In 2010, Lehmann signed for 1. FC Heidenheim of the 3. Liga. In his first season he served as backup to Erol Sabanov, and made five appearances, but took over as first choice the following season. He lost his place to Sabanov again after 11 games of the 2012–13 season, and left the club in January 2013. After half a season without a club, he signed for VfL Osnabrück in September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36597757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597757" title="Panamukku">
Panamukku

Panamukku is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Panamukku is Ward 41 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597758" title="Carlos Alberto Peña">
Carlos Alberto Peña

Carlos Alberto Peña Rodríguez (born 29 March 1990) is a Mexican footballer currently playing for Club León as a midfielder.
Carlos Peña is known as "Gullit" due to having a similar appearance with Netherlands ex-international footballer, Ruud Gullit.
Club career.
Born in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas, Peña graduated from C.F. Pachuca's youth categories, and made his first-team debut on 14 April 2010, coming on as a late substitute in a 2–2 away draw against Cruz Azul. He appeared more regularly in the following campaign, playing 19 matches (13 as a starter).
In May 2011, Peña joined Ascenso MX side Club León. He appeared in 31 matches during his first campaign with "Los Panzas Verdes", as the club was promoted from the play-offs. In 2013–14 Peña scored 12 goals, as León was crowned champions of both Apertura and Clausura tournaments (the latter by defeating his former club Pachuca).
International career.
In late 2012, Peña was called up by José Manuel de la Torre to play for Mexico in the World Cup Qualifiers against Guyana on October 12 and El Salvador on October 16. He was also called up for a friendly against Peru.
Peña was named among the 23-man squad for the 2013 Gold Cup. Mexico was eventually knocked out in the semifinals by runners-up Panama, with Peña appearing in four matches during the competition. He was later called up by Víctor Manuel Vucetich to the 2014 FIFA World Cup Qualifying matches against Panama and Costa Rica. He scored his first international goal against Finland in a friendly match on October 30, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36597770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597770" title="Nedupuzha">
Nedupuzha

Nedupuzha is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Nedupuzha is Ward 42 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597776" title="Karyattukara">
Karyattukara

Karyattukara is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Karyattukara is Ward 43 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597785" title="Chettupuzha">
Chettupuzha

Chettupuzha is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Chettupuzha is Ward 44 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597791" title="Elthuruth">
Elthuruth

Elthuruth is a residential area situated in the city of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Elthuruth is Ward 45 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597792" title="Cheshmeh Anjir">
Cheshmeh Anjir

Cheshmeh Anjir () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36597796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597796" title="Golarcheh-ye Olya">
Golarcheh-ye Olya

Golarcheh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Golārcheh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Golārcheh-ye Bālā) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 25 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597802" title="The Jamaican Exchange">
The Jamaican Exchange

The Jamaican Exchange is the 127th novel in the long-running Nick Carter-Killmaster series.
Publishing history.
The book was first published in 1979
Tagline.
N3 must track a drug dealer through the wilds of Jamaica

</doc>
<doc id="36597803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597803" title="Civil Station">
Civil Station

Civil Station is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Civil Station is Ward 48 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="36597807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597807" title="Golarcheh-ye Sofla">
Golarcheh-ye Sofla

Golarcheh-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Golārcheh-ye Soflá; also known as Golārcheh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 207, in 44 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597809" title="Don Peters">
Don Peters

Don Peters was head coach of the United States women's gymnastics team at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He founded SCATS Gymnastics, an internationally renowned gymnastics club in Huntington Beach, California.
In 2011, Peters was banned for life by USA Gymnastics, after allegations surfaced that he had had sexual intercourse with 3 teenage gymnasts.

</doc>
<doc id="36597818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597818" title="List of state leaders in 393 BC">
List of state leaders in 393 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36597822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597822" title="Golarcheh">
Golarcheh

Golarcheh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36597832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597832" title="Jannatabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Jannatabad, Torbat-e Jam

Jannatabad (, also Romanized as Jannatābād) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,651, in 377 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597837" title="Anton Samba">
Anton Samba

Anton Samba (born on April 5, 1982) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for PSMS Medan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36597840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597840" title="Gormasi">
Gormasi

Gormasi (, also Romanized as Gormāsī) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 117, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597849" title="John and Fredricka (Roth) Stern Homestead">
John and Fredricka (Roth) Stern Homestead

The John and Fredricka (Roth) Stern Homestead near Mott, North Dakota, United States, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008. The listing included two contributing buildings and one contributing object on .

</doc>
<doc id="36597857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597857" title="Har Kareh">
Har Kareh

Har Kareh (, also Romanized as Har Kāreh; also known as Āḵāreh (Persian: اكاره) and Ar Kāreh) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 122, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597867" title="Balthasar Kindermann">
Balthasar Kindermann

Balthasar Benjamin Kindermann (10 April 1636 – 12 February 1706) was a German poet.
Kindermann was born in Zittau, the son of a "Schwertfeger," a smith who specialized in weapons. He attended the Gymnasium of his home town and was encouraged by Elias Weise. In 1654 he enrolled at the University of Wittenberg to study theology, but he also studied poetry and rhetoric with August Buchner. In 1657 he earned his master's degree in theology. One year later he was crowned as "poeta laureatus" by Johann Rist; he was made a member of Rist's "Elbschwanenorden", the "Order of Swans of the Elbe", an association interested in language, in 1660.
In 1659 Kindermann became vice principal of the Saldernsche Schule in Brandenburg an der Havel, and was appointed rector in 1664. In 1660 he married Dorothea Schiffner, the daughter of a Swedish captain, with whom he had four sons and two daughters. In 1667 he went to Magdeburg as a deacon at the Johanniskirche. From 1672 he served as first minister of the Ulrichskirche. He succeeded Christian Scriver in 1690 and became head of the school ("Scholarch") later. He died in Magdeburg in 1706.
Kindermann's work is extremely versatile: it includes satirical "poems" in the style of Johann Michael Moscherosch, poetic and rhetorical writings, poetry collections, as well as several plays. He wrote "Lobgesang des Zerbster Biers" ("Song of praise of the Zerbst beer") in 1658. His most successful work, "Der Deutsche Redner" ("The German Speaker"), a guidebook for speeches, was first published in Frankfurt an der Oder in 1660; it appeared in six editions, was edited in 1680 under the title "Teutscher Wolredner" and appeared in two more editions.
In 1664, he wrote the hymn "Was frag ich nach der Welt", which Johann Sebastian Bach used as the basis for his chorale cantata "Was frag ich nach der Welt, BWV 94", for the ninth Sunday after Trinity of 1724.

</doc>
<doc id="36597869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597869" title="Kariz Kohandel">
Kariz Kohandel

Kariz Kohandel (, also Romanized as Kārīz Kohandel; also known as Kārīz Kondel) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,593, in 338 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597876" title="Sweet Solera">
Sweet Solera

Sweet Solera (foaled 1958) was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career lasting from June 1960 until June 1961, the unfashionably-bred filly ran eight times and won six races. As a two-year-old she was beaten in her first two races, but her five-lengths win in the Cherry Hinton Stakes at Newmarket Racecourse was enough to see her rated among the best juveniles of the year. Sweet Solera was unbeaten in four races including the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket and Oaks at Epsom. She was then retired to stud, and had some success as a broodmare.
Background.
Sweet Solera was a "big, handsome" chestnut filly with a broad white blaze and a long white sock on her left hind leg, bred in Ireland by Mrs D. M Walker. Her sire, Solonaway won the Irish 2000 Guineas over a mile, but was better known as a sprinter. In the year of Sweet Solera's birth he was exported to Japan, where he became Champion sire in 1966. Her dam, Miss Gammon, won three minor races and was a half-sister of Royal Rasher, who won the Del Mar Oaks in 1957. She was a member of Thoroughbred Family 11-f which also produced Colombo, Aunt Edith and Meadow Court. An unusual feature of Sweet Solera's pedigree was the presence in the fourth generation of Call Boy: the 1927 Epsom Derby winner was almost sterile and sired very few foals.
Sweet Solera's pedigree was not considered an impressive one and when she was sent as a yearling to the October sales at Newmarket she was bought for 1,850 guineas by the trainer Reg Day, acting on behalf of Mrs S. M. Castello. Day, who began training racehorses as a teenager in 1900, prepared the filly for racing at his Terrace House stables at Newmarket, Suffolk.
Racing career.
Sweet Solera's two-year-old season lasted less than two months. She began her racing career at Kempton Park in June 1960 when she finished second in the Rivermead Stakes. Later that month she was moved up in class to contest the Queen Mary Stakes at Royal Ascot and finished third behind Cynara. In July Sweet Solera recorded her first success when she won the Princess Stakes at Newmarket, beating Ambergris by three lengths. The runner-up subsequently boosted the form when she defeated colts in the Champagne Stakes at Doncaster. In the Cherry Hinton Stakes at the same course she was an impressive winner, beating Palatina by five lengths. Sweet Solera was being prepared for a run in the Cheveley Park Stakes in October when she contracted a respiratory infection which brought an end to her season. At the end of the year she was given a weight of 128 pounds, the fifth highest in the Free Handicap, a rating of the season's best two-year-olds. The top weight of 133 pounds was given to the French-trained filly Opaline, who had won the Cheveley Park Stakes in Sweet Solera's absence.
On her three-year-old debut, Sweet Solera won the 1000 Guineas Trial Stakes at Kempton Park on 3 April, beating Who Can Tell, who subsequently won the Fred Darling Stakes. Twelve days later, she was then tried against colts for the first and only time in the Thirsk Classic Trial over one mile at Thirsk Racecourse. She won by three-quarters of a length from the colt Henry The Seventh, but appeared fortunate not to be disqualified, having hampered the runner-up in the closing stages. Henry the Seventh went on to win several major races including the Eclipse Stakes. In the 1000 Guineas over the Rowley Mile at Newmarket, Sweet Solera was ridden by Bill Rickaby and started the 4/1 joint favourite with Mystify in a field of fourteen fillies. She won by one and a half lengths from Ambergris with a gap of six lengths back to Indian Melody in third. The time of 1:38.14 was over a second faster than that recorded by the colt Rockavon in the previous day's 2000 Guineas. Despite doubts about her stamina over the one and a half mile distance, Sweet Solera started 11/4 favourite for the Oaks at Epsom a month later. The race saw a duplication of the Newmarket form, with Sweet Solera beating Ambergris by one and a half lengths. Sweet Solera never raced again.
Retirement.
The best of Sweet Solera's offspring was Bon Appetit, a filly sired by Major Portion, who won the Prix Vanteaux in 1970. Bon Appetit's daughter Batave, a Group-placed sprinter, produced the colt Bigstone, whose wins included the Sussex Stakes and the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes.
Assessment and honours.
Sweet Solera was given a Timeform rating of 129 in 1960 and 127 in 1961, when she was the highest rated three-year-old filly in Europe.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Sweet Solera an "average" winner of the 1000 Guineas and Oaks.
The Group Three Sweet Solera Stakes for two-year-old fillies is run at Newmarket in August.

</doc>
<doc id="36597885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597885" title="List of state leaders in 392 BC">
List of state leaders in 392 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36597886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597886" title="Mel Schwartz">
Mel Schwartz

Mel Schwartz is a relationship expert, psychotherapist, author, and founder of the Emergent Thinking process, an approach to personal evolution, which integrates the emerging sciences into psychotherapy.
Dr. Schwartz has gained recognition for his work on the nature of thought and its relationship to overcoming depression, anxiety, and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder.
Dr. Howard Polsky, of Columbia University, has called Dr. Schwartz's "The Art of Intimacy, the Pleasure of Passion" the most important book “to be read about the journey to happiness,” while Dr. Peter Breggin has labeled Mel "a brilliant philosopher of science and psychology," who "brings Emergent Thinking to everything, from how we envision the physical universe to how we can improve our lives and our marriages."
Dr. David Loy, an expert on Japanese Zen Buddhism, has praised Mel for his contributions to the field of contemporary psychotherapy and non-duality, including his insights on the topic of emotional masking.

</doc>
<doc id="36597896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597896" title="Sergeant Murphy">
Sergeant Murphy

Sergeant Murphy is a 1938 American comedy film directed by B. Reeves Eason and starring Ronald Reagan.

</doc>
<doc id="36597897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597897" title="Karizak-e Hajji Pasand">
Karizak-e Hajji Pasand

Karizak-e Hajji Pasand (, also Romanized as Kārīzak-e Ḩājjī Pasand; also known as Kārīzak and Kārīzak-e Ḩājj Pasand) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 334, in 74 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597918" title="Srb uprising">
Srb uprising

Srb uprising was the uprising against the genocide policy of Independent State of Croatia in Srb, a village in the Gračac municipality in Lika region, by the local population, aided by the Chetniks and the communist Yugoslav Partisans, in July 1941. Controversy around the uprising stems from divergent views about the nature of the event among members of the academic community. Opinions range from its classification as a "Chetnik" rebellion against Ustaše, with retaliations against local civilians ("Greater Serbia"); to "Partisan strategy" (with Serbs as the backbone of antifascist movement); to guerilla struggle with civilian casualties. Official Croatia (political establishment, including its Presidents) for the moment adheres to the Partisan version, by which the uprising was an antifascist event, raised by Serbs on the margins of Ustaše genocide, with Chetnik retaliations against Ustaše security forces, but also the local Croatian civilians.
Background.
On 6 April 1941, the German Reich invaded the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. During the Invasion of Yugoslavia, "Ustaše", a Croat nationalist organization aboard, proclaimed the Independent State of Croatia (NDH) on 10 April 1941, supported by Germany and Italy.
By May 1941, the Ustaše formed the Jadovno concentration camp in Lika where they incarcerated and executed thousands of ethnic Serb and other prisoners, which led to the rebellion. The Serbs became the majority in the Croatian Partisans until September 1943, and were absolute majority in the Yugoslav Army in the Fatherland, better known as Chetniks.
Large scale persecutions in the area started in June 1941, including ethnic cleansing of 1,200 Serbs and their expulsion to Serbia by Ustase commander Vjekoslav Luburic, whereas in the municipality of Srb, days ahead of the rebellion, Vjekoslav Luburic forces murdered 279 Serbian civilians in villages of Suvaja, Osredak and Bubanj.
The rebellion.
On 27 July 1941, the communist Partisans and Chetniks started to organize a rebellion against Ustaše. Leader of the rebellion was former gendarmerie officer in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, Stojan Matić. Matić was a supporter of the collapsed monarchy. The first faze of struggle was guerrilla around the local villages.
The rebels committed a war cime in a village of Boričevac, after which they attacked Kulen Vakuf where they clashed with the Croatian Home Guard. The massacre in Bričevica was condemned by Marko Orešković, a political commissar, later commander of Croatian Partisans. He removed Matić from his command post. In Boričevac the civilians were slaughtered, even though they peacefully surrendered to the rebels.
Leading war criminals were Nikica Vidaković, a communist and Jovina Medić, a Chetnik. Vidaković committed a war crime in village Boričevac; the village was burnt down and its inhabitants killed. Medić committed a war crime in the villages in the Una river valley, where he killed number of Bosnian Muslims.
Commemoration.
In the Socialist Republic of Croatia, the Srb uprising was commemorated as the Day of the Antifascist Struggle on 28 July. With creation of the independent Croatia in 1991, the new Day of the Antifascist Struggle was 22 June. Nevertheless, Croatian authorities, under organization of the Independent Democratic Serb Party (SDSS) still commemorate this day as a first day of an antifascist uprising. Some politicians in Croatia, including President of the Croatian Party of Rights condemned this commemoration. The "anti-gathering" in Srb is organized every year as sign of protest to the commemoration. The commemoration was always attended by members of the state leadership. Former president Stjepan Mesić was at the 2012 commemoration and called members of the "anti-gathering" the "quasi-patriots". However, for the first time, members of the state leadership weren't present at the commemoration in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36597922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597922" title="Khorramabad-e Olya, Razavi Khorasan">
Khorramabad-e Olya, Razavi Khorasan

Khorramabad-e Olya (, also Romanized as Khorramābād-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shahveh-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,098, in 222 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597924" title="Lennart Askerlund">
Lennart Askerlund

Lennart Askerlund (9 July 1918 – 2 July 1957) was a Swedish footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36597928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597928" title="Montenegrin parliamentary election, 2012">
Montenegrin parliamentary election, 2012

Early parliamentary elections were held in Montenegro on 14 October 2012. The result was a victory for the ruling Coalition for a European Montenegro led by Milo Đukanović, which won 39 of the 81 seats.
Parties and coalitions.
Several coalitions were formed or continued for the election:
A newly formed party, Positive Montenegro led by Darko Pajović, ran independently.

</doc>
<doc id="36597932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597932" title="Teignbridge Hundred">
Teignbridge Hundred

Teignbridge Hundred was the name of one of thirty two ancient administrative units of Devon, England.
The parishes in the hundred were: 
Ashburton,
Bickington,
Bovey Tracey,
Hennock,
Highweek,
Ideford,
Ilsington,
Kingsteignton,
Lustleigh,
Manaton,
Moretonhampstead,
North Bovey and
Teigngrace

</doc>
<doc id="36597939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597939" title="Dr. S.W. Hill Drug Store">
Dr. S.W. Hill Drug Store

The Dr. S.W. Hill Drug Store in or near Regent, North Dakota, United States, was built in 1910. It has also been known as the Hettinger County Historical Society Museum. It is an example of Early Commercial architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. In 1980 it was serving as the Hettinger County Historical Society Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36597940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597940" title="Khorramabad-e Sofla, Razavi Khorasan">
Khorramabad-e Sofla, Razavi Khorasan

Khorramabad-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Khorramābād-e Soflá; also known as Shahveh-ye Soflá) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597942" title="List of state leaders in 391 BC">
List of state leaders in 391 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36597970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597970" title="Wawan Widiantoro">
Wawan Widiantoro

Wawan Widiantoro (born on January 20, 1977) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSMS Medan in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36597977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597977" title="Shahveh">
Shahveh

Shahveh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36597995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597995" title="Kalateh-ye Baqi Khan">
Kalateh-ye Baqi Khan

Kalateh-ye Baqi Khan (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Bāqī Khān; also known as Kalāteh-ye Bāghī Khān (Persian: کلاته باغی خان), Kalateh-ye Bāqī (Persian: كلاته باقي), and Bāqī Khān) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 269, in 63 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36597997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36597997" title="List of state leaders in 390 BC">
List of state leaders in 390 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598008" title="Riverside (New England, North Dakota)">
Riverside (New England, North Dakota)

Riverside on Main St. in New England, North Dakota was built in 1887. It has also been known as McKenzie Hotel. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included two contributing buildings on .
The original part of the hotel was one of New England, North Dakota's first buildings, built in 1887. It was later expanded by William C. McKenzie.

</doc>
<doc id="36598013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598013" title="Kalateh Deh Now">
Kalateh Deh Now

Kalateh Deh Now (, also Romanized as Kalāteh Deh Now; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 151, in 38 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598025" title="The Big Wedding">
The Big Wedding

The Big Wedding is a 2013 American romantic comedy film directed by Justin Zackham. It is an American remake of the original 2006 Swiss/French film "" (My Brother is Getting Married), written by Jean-Stéphane Bron and Karine Sudan.
The film stars a large ensemble cast including Robert De Niro, Katherine Heigl, Diane Keaton, Amanda Seyfried, Topher Grace, Ben Barnes, Susan Sarandon, and Robin Williams. It was released on April 26, 2013 by Lionsgate in the United States and Canada.
Plot.
Don (Robert De Niro) and Ellie (Diane Keaton) were a New England couple married for twenty years before they divorced. They have three children from their marriage – Lyla (Katherine Heigl), Jared (Topher Grace), and adopted son Alejandro (Ben Barnes), who was from Colombia.
In preparation for Alejandro's wedding, Ellie arrives at Don's (and her old) home, and lets herself in. She interrupts Don just as he is about to perform cunnilingus on Bebe (Susan Sarandon), his girlfriend of eight years (and Ellie's former best friend). All are embarrassed, but they make small talk, and he shows Ellie to her room. Meanwhile, Alejandro and his fiancée Missy (Amanda Seyfried) are meeting with Father Moinighan (Robin Williams), the priest who will be marrying them. It is revealed that Alejandro's biological mother Madonna (Patricia Rae) is going to be coming from Colombia to the wedding, which upsets Alejandro since he does not have a "traditional" family, and his Catholic mother would not approve of that or the fact that Don and Ellie had been divorced.
Lyla, who reveals she is separated, goes to the hospital and sees her 29-year-old brother Jared, an OB, after passing out. They talk and it is revealed that he is a virgin and is waiting for the "right one". Back at home, Alejandro tells Ellie about his mother coming to the wedding. Explaining that since she is a devout Catholic and doesn't believe in divorce, Alejandro asks Ellie and Don to pretend to be married for the next three days. Hearing this, Bebe becomes upset and leaves the house, clearly upset at Don. Alejandro's mother arrives with his biological 20 year-old sister, Nuria (Ana Ayora). Later, Nuria flirts with Jared, after she brazenly strips naked to skinnydip in the family's lake as he watches.
That evening, the family goes out to dinner with Missy and her parents Muffin (Christine Ebersole) and Barry (David Rasche), and Bebe shows up as their waitress, which surprises everyone. Meanwhile, Nuria starts fondling Jared under the table, and Ellie sees Nuria giving Jared a handjob. She brings Nuria to the restroom for a chat, telling her that American women behave differently with men. When they arrive home, Jared tells Nuria he wants to have sex, as she had suggested earlier, but she tells him "No", asking him instead to do romantic things for her such as read her poetry. Don and Ellie, meanwhile, end up having sex after Ellie, still pretending to be Don's wife, sleeps in Don's room.
Ellie and Madonna go for a walk in the woods and talk.
Neither understands the other's language, though they think they are communicating on some level. At the same time, Don and Lyla talk privately and Lyla reveals she is pregnant. On the wedding day, before the ceremony, Don tells Bebe he had sex with Ellie. Bebe says she forgives them but then punches him in the face. She also reveals that Ellie cheated on Don with Missy's father before Don cheated on her. Muffin says that she knows about Ellie and Barry, and tells them that she is bisexual, implying that she is interested in a sexual affair with both Bebe and Ellie. Meanwhile, Missy and Alejandro have decided to get married on the family dock to escape the chaos. The family runs after them and, after some of them fall into the lake, the wedding reception is on.
During the reception, Jared goes upstairs to talk to Nuria, who tells him she has decided to no longer follow Ellie's advice (about not being so available sexually), and they sleep together. Back at the reception, Ellie and Bebe have made up. Don surprises Bebe by proposing to her, and they get married on the spot. Lyla's husband Andrew (Kyle Bornheimer) arrives at the wedding and, upon finding out that Lyla is pregnant, makes up with her. Alejandro's mother realizes she has been lied to about his family and he runs after her as she starts to leave. But she reveals that her own past was not as pure as he thought, that she too had lied to protect him, and she forgives him.
Time passes, as before the end credits roll it is revealed that Lyla has had a daughter named Jane, because Don attaches a plaque with her name to their family tree.
Production.
The film was previously titled "The Wedding". It is an American remake of the original 2006 French film "" (My brother is getting married) written by Jean-Stéphane Bron and Karine Sudan.
Reception.
The film received largely negative critic reviews. "The Big Wedding" holds a 7% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 96 reviews with the site's consensus stating that its "all-star cast is stranded in a contrived, strained plot that features broad stabs at humor but few laughs." On Metacritic, the film scores 28% based on reviews from 32 critics. One observer pointed out that "The Big Wedding"'s reviews are among the worst of the year. Lou Lumenick of the "New York Post" wrote, "'I'd rather gouge my eyes out with hot spoons!' De Niro exclaims at one point. I'm not sure exactly what he was talking about, but I'd like to think it referred to the prospect of being forced to watch "The Big Wedding"."
According to business outlets, the movie "was a massive flop at theaters". It opened with a disastrous $7.5 million at 2,633 North American locations, leading one observer to state, "Expect domestic exhibitors to file for divorce in the very near future." Another commentator stated that "There's little reason to suspect it will stick around any longer than theater owners are contractually obligated to keep it."
Katherine Heigl was nominated for Worst Supporting Actress at the 34th Golden Raspberry Awards in 2013, where she lost to Kim Kardashian for "".

</doc>
<doc id="36598028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598028" title="Christian Karlsson (footballer)">
Christian Karlsson (footballer)

Christian Karlsson (born 20 September 1969) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36598029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598029" title="Boy Meets Girl (1938 film)">
Boy Meets Girl (1938 film)

Boy Meets Girl is a 1938 American screwball comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon. It stars James Cagney and Pat O'Brien, and features Marie Wilson, Ralph Bellamy, Frank McHugh, and Dick Foran. The screenplay by Bella and Sam Spewack is based on their 1935 stage play of the same name, which ran for 669 performances on Broadway. The two zany screenwriters played by Cagney and O'Brien were based on Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, while Ralph Bellamy's part as the producer was based on Darryl Zanuck of 20th Century Fox.
Plot.
Two screenwriters (James Cagney and Pat O'Brien) are in need of a story for cowboy star Larry Toms (Dick Foran). When studio waitress Susie Seabrook (Marie Wilson) faints in the office of producer C.F. Friday (Ralph Bellamy) because she is pregnant, the writers get an idea for a story about a cowboy and a baby, and cast Susie's unborn baby Happy in the part. The story will be the classic Hollywood tale: Boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl. When they all leave to sell the idea to their boss, Susie meets and is intrigued by, Rodney Bevan (Bruce Lester), a good-looking young Englishman who is an extra on one of the studio's films.
Larry is tired of having a scene-stealing baby as a co-star, and his agent, Rossetti (Frank McHugh), devises a scheme to have Larry woo Susie in order to marry her and, as Happy's father, get him out of show business and into a normal life. When they hear about this, Benson and Law hire Rodney, unaware that Susie knows him, to pretend to be Susie's long-lost husband, Happy's father; Rodney thinks it's just an acting job, and is not in on the deception. Their plan works, and Larry disavows any planned future with Susie, but an wanted result is that Baby Happy is fired due to the scandal. 
When their plot is exposed, the two writers are fired, and Law makes plans to move to Vermont to suffer and write the Great American Novel, but Benson, whose wife has just left him, is too deep in debt to leave - so they come up with another plan. They have a friend in London send a wire to B.K. (Pierre Watkin), the head of the studio, with an offer from a British studio to buy it, as long as Baby Happy is under contract. Under the circumstances, Happy, Benson and Law are all re-hired.
Just then, Rodney bursts into the office and asks Susie to marry him and come to England. Benson and Law try to persuade Susie that Rodney is a no-good cheat and philanderer only after her money, but the American representative of the British studio shows up to identify him as the son of an English lord. The rep also reveals that the plan to purchase the studio is a fraud. Producer C.F. wants to fire Benson and Law again, but their new contracts are iron-clad. Susie leaves with Rodney, heading for England, and C.F. learns that his wife is pregnant.
Production.
The "Hollywood Reporter" said that Marion Davies was originally considered to play Susie; according to modern sources, Davies' lover, William Randolph Hearst, rejected the film for Davies because he thought it was too racy for her, while others report that he did so because his Cosmopolitan Productions was severing relations with Warner Bros. Still others put the decision on Davies herself, upset with cast changes for the film or with the size of her part. In any case, Davies did not do the picture, and never made another film.
"Boy Meets Girl" was Cagney's eighth picture with comedy-specialst director Lloyd Bacon, out of the nine they would eventually make together; it was also Pat O'Brien's eighth out of an eventual ten with Bacon, and the fifth of nine to pair up Cagney and O'Brien together. Cagney, O'Brien, their "Boy Meet Girl" co-stars Ralph Bellamy and Frank McHugh, along with Spencer Tracy and Frank Morgan, called themselves "The Boys Club" and had dinner together on Thursday nights.
In the scene which takes place at a glitzy Hollywood movie premiere, with Ronald Reagan – newly signed to Warner Bros. – playing the radio announcer, the name of the film is given as "The White Rajah", starring Erroll Flynn. This was the name of a script actually written by Flynn, but rejected for production as being too weak. Supposedly, Flynn was not happy with the in-joke.
Reception.
Reviewers at the time of release thought that the requirements of the Hays Office censors regarding Susies's pregnancy caused the satire of the original play to be less effective in the film.

</doc>
<doc id="36598041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598041" title="West Budleigh Hundred">
West Budleigh Hundred

West Budleigh Hundred was the name of one of thirty two ancient administrative units of Devon, England.
The parishes in the hundred were: 
Cheriton Fitzpaine,
Poughill,
Shobrooke,
Stockleigh English,
Stockleigh Pomeroy,
Upton Hellions and
Washfield

</doc>
<doc id="36598043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598043" title="Kalateh-ye Hamid">
Kalateh-ye Hamid

Kalateh-ye Hamid (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩamīd; also known as Kalāteh-ye Khān (Persian: كلاته خان) and Kalāteh Khān) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 224, in 40 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598052" title="LoveRance">
LoveRance

LoveRance (born Rance Love Oliver II) is an American rapper, producer and DJ from the Bay Area. He is best known for his single "Up!" featuring 50 Cent and produced by Iamsu!. "Up!" hit number 46 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number two on the Rap charts.
Music video.
The music video for LoveRance's single "UP!" was uploaded to his Vevo account on January 31, 2012. The video takes place in the Bay Area and most of the video is recorded inside a night club.

</doc>
<doc id="36598068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598068" title="Kalateh-ye Samad Khan">
Kalateh-ye Samad Khan

Kalateh-ye Samad Khan (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Şamad Khān and Kalāteh Şamad Khān; also known as Kalāteh-ye Şamad) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 302, in 56 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598070" title="Archeological Site No. 1WI50">
Archeological Site No. 1WI50

Archeological Site No. 1WI50 is an archaeological site in the Sipsey Wilderness of the William B. Bankhead National Forest in Winston County, Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 14, 1985.
The site, spread over , lies between the south bank of the Sipsey Fork of the Black Warrior River and a tall sandstone bluff. Surface remains, believed by archaeologists to be of prehistoric Native American origin, consist of a row of three stone mounds. At the time of the National Register nomination, they individually measured approximately , , and . The mounds are aligned on a north-south axis.
Excavation at the site in 1983 revealed evidence of human occupation during three different cultural periods and covering a time frame spanning from 100 B.C. to 1000 A.D. More than 2000 artifacts were recovered during the excavation. These included lithic and ceramic artifacts belonging to the Alexander phase of the Late Gulf Formational period and to the McKelvey phase of the Late Woodland period of Alabama.

</doc>
<doc id="36598075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598075" title="Guðmundur Mete">
Guðmundur Mete

Guðmundur Viðar Mete (born 2 April 1981) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a defender. He currently plays for 2. deild karla side Afturelding.
Guðmundur started his career in the Swedish leagues with Malmö FF, playing 34 league matches between 2000 and 2002. During this time, he also had a short loan spell in Denmark with FC Midtjylland in 2001. After leaving Malmö, Guðmundur spent two seasons with Superettan club IFK Norrköping, before returning to his home country with Keflavík in 2005. He played 54 league and cup matches in four years with the club, and later had spells with Valur and Haukar before joining Afturelding ahead of the 2013 season.
Upon his arrival at Afturelding, Guðmundur was also installed as manager of the club's feeder team Hvíti riddarinn.

</doc>
<doc id="36598093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598093" title="List of state leaders in 389 BC">
List of state leaders in 389 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598095" title="Medway SLA100 Executive">
Medway SLA100 Executive

The Medway SLA100 Executive, also called the Medway SLA 100 Executive, is a British ultralight aircraft designed and produced by Medway Microlights, of Rochester, Kent. The aircraft is supplied as a kit for amateur construction or as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft.
Design and development.
The aircraft was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. It features a strut-braced high-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit, fixed tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The SLA100 is made from bolted-together aluminium tubing, with its flying surfaces covered in Dacron sailcloth. Its span wing has an area of and is supported by V-struts with jury struts. Standard engines available are the Rotax 912UL and the Rotax 912ULS four-stroke powerplants.
The SA100 has been certified to the UK BCAR Section "S" standard.

</doc>
<doc id="36598105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598105" title="Fatih project">
Fatih project

Movement to Increase Opportunities and Technology or Fatih Project () is a project of the Turkish government which seeks to integrate state-of-the-art computer technology into Turkey's public education system. On November 22, 2010, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan initiated the project.
Name.
The acronym fatih is a word play about the conqueror of Istanbul Fatih Sultan Mehmet. Like the famous sultan, the fatih project also aims to open a new era.
The project.
With the initiation of the FATİH project, classes will receive smart boards, students will receive tablet computers and classes will be enriched with the use of e-books. The project has been completely designed by Turkish engineers. All state schools spanning from preschools all the way to high school level will receive a total of 620,000 smart boards, while tablet computers will be distributed to 17 million students and approximately one million teachers and administrators. This project, which is being conducted by the Ministry of National Education and supported by the Ministry of Transportation is expected to be completed in 2015. 
Content.
The tablet computers which will be distributed to students, are loaded with e-books. In addition to books, tablets include class lessons, sounds, animations and graphics. Both teachers and students are restricted from entering all websites. Only websites that have been selected by educators and specialists and passed through the Ministry of National Education's filtering system and deemed harmless are granted access. Teachers are able to check on their own tablets whether or not a student is following the course. If a student is found straying from the lesson, teachers have the capability to lock a student's computer. Although "success (or failure) may depend ... on ... groups outside the formal education sector" login to the main content site is currently only available to state schools. 
Financing.
The pilot stage for the tablets was conducted with Samsung and General Mobile via the State Materials Office. For every 4,800 tablets purchased from Samsung, each one cost 775 TL. For every 4,000 tablets purchased by General Mobile, each cost 599 TL. For every smart board purchased from Vestel, 3,990 TL will be paid out. 
In order to protect the software against sales, the tablet computers will shut down automatically if they go two weeks without accessing a smart board.
Analysis.
Education Reform Initiative and RTI International have collaborated on a policy note on the project. In summary:
One recommendation is that "The MoNE and FATIH would benefit from a communication plan that more effectively
disseminates information about the project, and seeks feedback in a meaningful way (and one
which is open to the possibility of change based on feedback)."

</doc>
<doc id="36598109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598109" title="Plaza de Pakistan">
Plaza de Pakistan

The Plaza de Pakistan (Alternative title: "La Plaza Republica de Pakistan", Urdu: پلازہ دے پاکستان) is a landmark in Buenos Aires commemorating Argentine-Pakistan friendship. It is located in the heart of Parque Tres de Febrero in the neighborhood of Palermo. It was redesigned in 2012 and inaugurated on July 27, 2012 by Ambassador Naela Chohan of Pakistan and Minister Diego Santilli of Federal Capital Buenos Aires, to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the establishment of the diplomatic relations between the two friendly countries. The park holds at its center a plaque with an engraving of a verse by Allama Iqbal (1877-1938), the national poet of Pakistan, emphasizing the importance of love for humanity both in Persian and Spanish.
Inauguration.
The inauguration ceremony of Plaza de Pakistan was planned between Pakistan's Independence Day on August 14 and Independence Day of Argentina on July 9. It was also to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the establishment of the diplomatic relations between the two friendly countries. The ceremony included the ribbon cutting by Ambassador Naela Chohan and Minister Diego Santilli followed by unveiling of the plaque with an engraving of a verse by Allama Iqbal which emphasises the importance of love for humanity.
Minister Diego Santilli in his speech, while appreciating the Ambassador Naela Chohan for her role in the renovation of the Park, stated that the whole world was reflected in the City of Buenos Aires through its monuments, squares and parks and that Pakistan had a very special place in it.
Ambassador Chohan thanked Chief of Government Mauricio Macri and Minister Diego Santilli for their support and added that “We deeply appreciate this important gesture of friendship and we need to further deepen these bonds of friendship through mutually beneficial co-operation in trade and culture”
As a memorial and representation of the two countries, a "Cedrus Deodara" and a ceiba, the two national trees of Pakistan and Argentina, were planted by Ambassador Naela Chohan and Minister Diego Santilli, assisted by officials of the Government of the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires.
Location.
The Plaza de Pakistan is located in the heart of Parque Tres de Febrero, an urban park of approximately 400 hectares (about 989 acres) located in the neighborhood of Palermo in Buenos Aires, Argentina between Libertador and Figueroa Alcorta Avenues. 
The Parque Tres de Febrero lies adjacent to the Hipodromo Argentino de Palermo.
Iqbal plaque.
The Plaza contains at its center a black marble plaque with an engraving of a verse by Allama Iqbal, the national poet of Pakistan, which emphasises the importance of love for humanity both in Persian and Spanish. The verse is as follows:
Transliteration: "Admiyat ehtaram-e-aadam ast; bartaraz-e-gardon maqaam-e-aadam ast."
English Translation:

</doc>
<doc id="36598114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598114" title="Girls on Probation">
Girls on Probation

Girls on Probation is a 1938 American crime film directed by William C. McGann and starring Ronald Reagan.

</doc>
<doc id="36598121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598121" title="List of state leaders in 388 BC">
List of state leaders in 388 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598145" title="Witheridge Hundred">
Witheridge Hundred

Witheridge Hundred was the name of one of thirty two ancient administrative units of Devon, England.
The parishes in the hundred were: 
Bishops Nympton,
Cheldon,
Chulmleigh,
Creacombe,
Cruwys Morchard,
East Worlington,
Highley St Mary,
Kings Nympton,
Mariansleigh,
Meshaw,
Oakford,
Puddington,
Rackenford,
Romansleigh,
Rose Ash,
Stoodleigh,
Templeton,
Thelbridge,
Washford Pyne,
West Worlington,
Witheridge and 
Woolfardisworthy (East)

</doc>
<doc id="36598146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598146" title="Banská Bystrica mesto railway station">
Banská Bystrica mesto railway station

Banská Bystrica mesto railway station () serves the city of Banská Bystrica in central Slovakia. It is situated a short walk from the centre of the old town, in contrast to the larger but less central Banská Bystrica railway station.
History.
The station was opened on 3 September 1873 as "" () together with the rest of the Zvolen–Banská Bystrica section of the Vrútky–Zvolen railway.
Facilities.
The station has a single platform, and a single storey station building housing information and ticketing facilities.
Services.
The station is owned by (ŽSR); passenger train services are operated by (ZSSK).

</doc>
<doc id="36598151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598151" title="Sverrir Sverrisson">
Sverrir Sverrisson

Sverrir Sverrisson is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a midfielder. His brother is former captain and later manager of the Icelandic national football team, Eyjólfur Sverrisson.

</doc>
<doc id="36598171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598171" title="List of state leaders in 387 BC">
List of state leaders in 387 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598182" title="Timeline of Basel">
Timeline of Basel

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Basel, Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="36598189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598189" title="Caixa de Rotllan">
Caixa de Rotllan

The (meaning "Roland's Tomb" in Catalan language) is a dolmen in Arles-sur-Tech, Pyrénées-Orientales, South of France, dating back to the Neolithic period, during the second half of 3rd millennium BC.
A legend holds that Roland lived in Vallespir and that, after his death at the Battle of Roncevaux Pass, his horse Veillantif carried Roland's corpse back to Vallespir and buried him under this dolmen. Dolmens are actually tombs, but they were erected many centuries before the legendary knight's adventures.
The Caixa de Rotllan is made of three upright stones making a H-shape, supporting a thick roofing stone and delimiting a rectangular, medium sized chamber. The entrance faces South-East, as many other dolmens do in Pyrénées-Orientales. This building is listed as a Monument historique since 1889 but has never been excavated by archaeologists.
Location.
The "" is one of the 148 dolmens listed in the Pyrénées-Orientales department. Some of them have been destroyed or attested by old sources but lost and not yet found by modern scholars. They are all located in hilly or mountainous areas of the department, usually on a mountain pass, a ridge or a high ground.
As the others, this dolmen is situated on a ridge line. In the southern side of the Canigou, at above sea level, just beneath a granitic chaos in the historical and geographical region named Vallespir it stands on the edge between French communes Arles-sur-Tech and Montbolo.
Two ways lead to the dolmen from Arles town. A passable track along the Bonabosc river leads near it, but one must leave this track to have a walk to reach the dolmen. The GR 10 footpath also runs near the dolmen. This part of the GR 10 is an old busy track people used to tread to reach iron ore mines from Arles-sur-Tech. This way is an hour and a half's walk.
On 1:25000 map by Institut Géographique National, the Caixa de Rotllan is indicated by a star, as a "" (French word for "curiosity").
Description.
Like most of dolmens in the Pyrénées-Orientales, the "" has a simple plan — that is, without corridor —, which relates it to other dolmens from chalcolithic and Bronze age, during the second half of the third millennium BC.
Toponymy and Legend.
In Catalan language means « Roland's grave » and shows that the inhabitants of the region knew for long that the dolmen had been used as a grave. Many megaliths in the Pyrénées-Orientales are named after mythic characters such as Roland or his enemies the "Moors" (Catalan: ""). Some other very near places are named after Roland.
Further to the north, lies the ' ("the Watering trough of Roland's Horse") where the legedary knight's horse Veillantif used to drink. The ' ("Roland's cave") is another dolmen situated in Corsavy, a nearby commune where Roland used to rest.
According to "The Song of Roland", Roland and his friends Oliver and Turpin died at the Battle of Roncevaux Pass and their corpses were brought to and buried in the Basilica of St. Romain, in Blaye, by Charlemagne. Another legend tells that Veillantif, Roland's horse, brought the corpse of his master to the Vallespir near the place where he used to play "palet". A tomb was built there: it is the "". Many places in this region are named after the pawprints left by Veillantif.
History.
The Caixa de Rotllan may have been erected during the Chalcolithic or the beginning of the Bronze Age, during the second half of the 3rd millennium BC.
During the Middle Ages it marked the boundary between Arles and Montbolo. The current boundary between these two communes runs very near the dolmen.
The first paper that mentioned this dolmen was an article written by Jean-Baptiste Renard de Saint-Malo in 1837 and entitled « Monument druidique (entre Arles et Batère) » ("Druidic monument between Arles and Batere"). But Renard de Saint-Malo made a confusion between the ' and another stone, the "palet" of Roland, very near. Louis Companyo's "Histoire naturelle du département des Pyrénées-Orientales" ("Natural History of the Pyrénées-Orientales Département"), in 1861, corrected this mistake, said that the "palet" is not a dolmen and warned its readers against the frequent confusion between some natural stones and dolmens. The first scientific description of the ' was made by Alexandre-Félix Ratheau in 1866, in « Note sur un monument celtique du département » ("Note On A Celtic Monument Of The Département") published in the "Bulletin de la Société agricole, scientifique et littéraire des Pyrénées-Orientales". At this time, people thought that dolmen have been built by the Celts. In his paper, Ratheau, a French engineer, author of several books on fortications, wrote the dolmen's dimensions, its orientation relative to the North and a plan with three elevation cuts. Ratheau said that the "palet" was made of pieces of abandoned granit grindstones and clarified Companyo's correction. Indeed, reading Companyo's paper, people may have think that no ' dolmen existed. In 1887, an engraving, made from a photograph, of the dolmen was published in "La création de l'Homme et premiers âges", by Henri Raison du Cleuziou. In 1889, the ' was classified as a Monument historique.

</doc>
<doc id="36598192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598192" title="April Hadi">
April Hadi

April Hadi (born on April 10, 1981) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Persija Jakarta in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36598197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598197" title="Patrik Sundström (footballer)">
Patrik Sundström (footballer)

Patrik Sundström (born 12 August 1970) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36598210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598210" title="Alive Alive O!">
Alive Alive O!

Alive Alive-o! is a 1969 double album by Puerto Rican guitarist José Feliciano.
Released at apex of Feliciano's career. It reached no. 29 in US album charts; it was no. 19 in Canada, no. 1 in the Holland, no. 4 in Spain, and a top hit album in countries around the world. It was recorded live in London at the famous London Palladium Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="36598211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598211" title="Landing on Humlebæk">
Landing on Humlebæk

The Landing on Humlebæk took place on August 4, 1700 (Gregorian calendar), in the Swedish invasion of Denmark during the Great Northern War 1700-1721. This was the first offensive during the war by the Swedish army, and it was directly led by Charles XII of Sweden commanding the right flank and Arvid Horn together with Carl Gustav Rehnskiöld at the left. The Swedes were victorious and utterly routed the Danish forces led by Jens Rostgaard.
Background.
The Swedish king Charles XI had died in 1697. Swedens competitors Russia, Denmark-Norway and Saxony-Poland-Lithuania tried to exploit this by forming a coalition in order to regain their earlier losses. Namely, Denmark wanted to reclaim territory lost in the Second Northern War, Russia to get a port to the Baltic Sea, and Saxony-Poland-Lithuania to take back Livonia. This, they supposed, could be easily achieved against the new and inexperienced Swedish king, Charles XII.
However, this new threat Charles had to deal with was averted during the first years of the war due to surprising movements made by the Swedish king's troops, one of them being the landing on Humlebæk, an invasion of Denmark with the aim of capturing Copenhagen undertaken in reaction to the Danish attack on Holstein-Gottorp.
Prelude.
About 16,000 Swedish troops were gathered in Scania to launch against Denmark and another 10,000 just by the Norwegian border. The Swedish fleet went out from Karlskrona to Øresund with their 38 ships of the line. The Danish fleet of 40 ships however blocked their pathway in the West entrance of Drogden and forced the Swedish ships to sail another way across to the East by the name of Flintrännan - which at the time was claimed to have been too shallow - but Charles XII gave order that they should try. At July 13 the Swedish ships went over Flintrännan with only 5 ships that ran aground and got stuck, which had to be pulled up.
With the ran-across Flintrännan completed the Swedish ships met up with an English-Dutch combined fleet of 28 ships laying just outside the island of Ven, the combined fleet pressured the Danish ships and forced them a retreat to Copenhagen where they were utterly under fire and pinned down. 
Instead of sending troops to help the occupied Holstein, Charles decided to land on Humlebæk which had been suggested by Carl Magnus Stuart and Hans Wachtmeister. With some minor stratagem, the Swedish fleet tricked the Danish forces on Zealand to believe a major landing would occur at Rungsted instead of Humlebæk.
The landing.
Out of 4,700 Swedish soldiers who sailed from Karlskrona, 2,500 would participate in the first wave against the Danish defenders at Humlebæk. The Swedish forces consisted of mostly infantry and were commanded by Charles XII, Arvid Horn and Carl Gustav Rehnskiöld. The Danish forces on Zealand consisted of 5,000 men of which 350 cavalry and 350 peasants were defending the entrenched beach, commander of these were Jens Rostgaard who also had 7 artillery pieces in his favor. There was a light fog and Swedish soldiers were put in small landing boats ready to storm the Danish entrenchment. Meanwhile the allied fleet bombarded Copenhagen to pin down the Danish troops and ships to not disturb the operation. At August 4, 1700 six o'clock Sweden launched the attack, a cannon strike was heard as a signal and with supporting fire from nearby ships bombarding the Danish defences, the small landing boats closed in to Humlebæk. First into the water was a lieutenant named Gustaf Henrik Siegroth who jumped in with his men to secure the left flank of the beach, constantly under fire from both Danish muskets and cannons and water reaching up to their waist they kept moving, although slowly. The Danish cavalry saw its opportunity to strike and stop the advancing Swedes before reaching the beach, and sent out a squadron of horsemen. The Swedes however, succeeded in keeping their powder dry and with some accurate shots halted their charge, then when reaching shallower water they went in with their bayonets. This forced the Danish cavalry to retreat and the left flank was secured for a landing.
The actions portrayed by Siegroth quickly encouraged the Swedish right flank under the lead of Charles XII who didn't hesitate to jump into the water. With the muskets above their heads the Swedish right reached the beach and forced the remaining Danish soldiers to rout, and the landing was secured.
The Swedes built up field redoubts and camps the very next day for the 4,700 troops, their state was however critical, without having any cavalry on shore they were like rats stuck in a corner for any possible Danish assault.
Aftermath.
After the successful landing on Humlebæk the Danish defences started withdrawing to Copenhagen which had been under fire from the allied fleet. The fleet which had transported the Swedish soldiers were sent back to pick up reinforcements. After some days they arrived with Magnus Stenbock and the force at Humlebæk then reached 10,000 soldiers.
The strategical plan was to lay siege to Copenhagen and force Denmark to surrender, a storm of the city was out of the question since the morale of the Danish forces seemed rather high. Instead it would get bombarded both from sea and land.
However, on August 21, 1700 during his march to siege Copenhagen Charles were told that Denmark and Holstein had made peace. He ordered the march to continue until the peace treaty was clearly confirmed which it did get on the 23rd when Frederick IV Duke of Holstein-Gottorp, messaged the Swedish king that the peace really was established according to the terms of the Peace of Travendal, and that Denmark would not support the alliance against Sweden in the future.
With one less opponent in the war Sweden aid to help the besieged Narva where they delivered a crushing defeat in the battle of Narva which forced Russia to retreat and end their campaign of 1700.
Casualties.
The casualties suffered by both nations are unknown, however it's said Sweden only had one confirmed killed during the landing and about five to twenty wounded. Another source claim the Swedes to have suffered three killed, the possibility of this is that the two extra killed rather died from their wounds after the battle.
The Danish casualties are a little bit trickier with no real confirmed casualties, it is however claimed that some ten to twenty men were killed and a group of peasants were captured, disarmed but later set free. Even though the landing was not of major scale, it inflicted a huge blow to Denmark who was forced to make peace.

</doc>
<doc id="36598216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598216" title="Mie Skov">
Mie Skov

Mie Skov (born May 24, 1986 is a table tennis player from Denmark who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She defeated Egyptian player Nadeen El-Dawlatly in four sets. In the second round, she lost 3-4 to Natalia Partyka, a Polish player.

</doc>
<doc id="36598217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598217" title="Secret Service of the Air">
Secret Service of the Air

Secret Service of the Air is a 1939 American adventure film directed by Noel M. Smith and starring Ronald Reagan. This film was the first in Warner Bros.' Secret Service series. Scenes for Secret Service of the Air were filmed at the Glendale Airport. The Glendale Airport was at the time the major field serving Los Angeles but after WWII with larger planes and jets it could not accommodate it closed in the mid-1950s. The series consisted of four films, all starring Ronald Reagan as Lieutenant "Brass Bancroft" of the U.S. Secret Service and Eddie Foy Jr. as his sidekick "Gabby." The 1940 film "Murder in the Air" was the last in the series.
Plot summary.
Ex-Army pilot Brass (Ronald Reagan) works as a commercial airline pilot. When he quits his job to become an agent for the Secret Service, he is sent to investigate some smugglers who are suspected of sneaking illegal aliens into the US via airplanes.

</doc>
<doc id="36598225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598225" title="William de Skipwith">
William de Skipwith

William de Skipwith (died after 1392) was a fourteenth-century English judge. He held the office of Chief Baron of the Exchequer 1362-5. He suffered temporary disgrace when he was removed from office for corruption, but was restored to favour, became Lord Chief Justice of Ireland 1370-6, and later returned to the English bench. He appears to have been the only high court judge to escape impeachment by the Parliament of 1388.
Family.
He was the younger son of William de Skipwith and Margaret Fitzsimon. The Skipwiths were a North Yorkshire family, descended from Robert de Stuteville, lord of the manor of Skipwith in the reign of Henry III; the Fitzsimons were from Ormsby in Lincolnshire, where the de Skipwiths had settled. On the death of his elder brother, William inherited the family estates. 
Early career.
He was probably educated at Grays Inn. He became Sergeant-at-law in 1354 and was knighted and made a justice of the Court of Common Pleas in 1359. He became Chief Baron in 1362, and trier of petitions in Parliament.
Disgrace and return.
In 1365 Skipwith and the Lord Chief Justice Henry Green were removed from office for having "acted contrary to law and justice", and having unlawfully obtained large sums of money. Green never held office again but Skipwith was only in temporary disgrace. In 1370 he was appointed Lord Chief Justice of Ireland and received 40 marks for his expenses. In 1373 he is recorded sitting on a commission of gaol delivery in Dublin. In 1376 he was restored to his old seat on the Common Pleas in England, and remained in office until 1388. He regularly appeared in Parliament as a trier of petitions and sat on various judicial commissions.
Merciless Parliament.
"Main article: Merciless Parliament"
When Richard II summoned the high court judges in August 1387, to give an opinion on the lawfulness of the actions of the commission of nobles known as the Lords Appellant, Skipwith pleaded illness. As a result he avoided participating in a judgment against the Lords Appellant, condemning them for treason and authorising their arrest, which the judges later claimed they had been coerced into giving. This was a wise move since when the judges were impeached by the Merciless Parliament in 1388, Skipwith escaped censure. He and his eldest son swore to uphold the Lords Appellant, but he retired soon afterwards. He was still living in 1392. 
Descendants.
He married Alice de HIltoft of Ingoldmells. They had several daughters and two surviving sons, William, who died without issue, and John (died 1422), ancestor of the Skipwith Baronets.

</doc>
<doc id="36598264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598264" title="Caspar Pauckstadt">
Caspar Pauckstadt

Caspar Pauckstadt (born 14 August 1964) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36598285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598285" title="Agus Cima">
Agus Cima

Agus Cima (born on November 8, 1983) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Barito Putera in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36598291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598291" title="List of state leaders in 386 BC">
List of state leaders in 386 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598306" title="Ehsan Hoque">
Ehsan Hoque

Dr. A. Ehsanul Hoque, better known as Ehsan Hoque, is the executive director and founder of the non-profit organization Distressed Children & Infants International.
Early life.
Dr. Hoque was born in Barisal, Bangladesh, in 1964. He was born with congenital cataracts, and by the age of five he had already undergone seven eye surgeries. By 1987, he had become a medical doctor; he completed his Ph.D. in 1995, and his postdoctoral fellowship in 1997 at the University of Western Ontario in Canada.
Career.
Over the years, Dr. Hoque has worked at several different institutes: Rajshahi Medical College Hospital, Bangladesh; Dhaka Children Hospital, Bangladesh; Asahikawa Medical University, Japan; University of Western Ontario, Canada; University of Toronto, Canada, and Yale University School of Medicine, USA. Dr. Hoque’s research fields include cardiovascular pharmacology and physiology with a special focus on ischemia-reperfusion injury of the heart, and neuroendocrinology with a focus on aging. Dr. Hoque has published his work in various scientific journals, and presented his findings at national and international conferences. He has also been the recipient of numerous academic honors, including a Monbusho Scholarship from the Japanese Ministry of Education, research awards from the Heart & Stroke Foundation of Ontario, the University of Toronto Research Fellowship, and the Hartford Foundation Fellowship.
In the course of his volunteer work as a doctor among the underprivileged of Bangladesh, he witnessed the suffering of many children and conceived of the idea of creating a child rights organization with a child sponsorship program as its centerpiece. In 2003, Dr. Hoque together with colleague Dr. Brian Debroff founded Distressed Children & Infants International (DCI), Inc. with the aim of providing quality education and healthcare to underprivileged children, reducing the poverty that millions of children suffer from, and preventing childhood blindness. Dr. Hoque's vision of child sponsorship has manifested itself in DCI's Sun Child Sponsorship Program which now supports over 1100 children.
Family.
Dr. Hoque now lives in Cheshire, Connecticut with his wife Nina and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="36598309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598309" title="Larry Weir">
Larry Weir

Larry Anthony Weir (born April 11, 1952) is a songwriter, composer, producer, promoter and managing editor of New Music Weekly magazine. Namesake to his father, Larry Weir is the eldest of nine children born to Larry and Maria Weir. Larry's father was an architect/builder and Maria is a teacher and classical pianist.
Early life.
In 1967, Larry Weir was influenced by composers, Burt Bacharach, Jimmy Webb and the Beatles. A guitar player and singer, Weir recruited his brother Tom and sister Maria to form the band, The Royal Enterprise. Weir had a San Diego area radio hit with one of his earliest compositions, "Boy It’s All In Your Head" in 1968.
In 1970, the Weir family moved to Oxnard, California with Larry attending his senior year at Oxnard High School and attended two years at Ventura College. At this time, Tom, Maria and Larry founded Ventura County Youth Experimental Theatre featuring three of Larry's original musicals, “Island” (1971), “Hobos Jungle” (1972) and “House On Crossroad Alley” (1973).
The entire family participated in the Ventura theatre productions, with Larry Sr. involved in set design and construction, other family responsibilities included: choreography, casting, costumes, direction and music composition for these fully orchestrated theatre productions.
The Weirz.
By 1975, the Weir family was again living in San Diego County area (Bonsall, California), the band included all nine of the Weir siblings and was now called The Weirz. The San Diego radio station, KGB-FM included the Weirz song, "Gypsies From Bonsall" on the "KGB HomeGrown III" LP album on side one, track number four. 
"Gypsies From Bonsall", a song about a band wearing out their welcome and moving on, received generous airplay on KGB-FM in 1975. After releasing a self-titled album, the family moved to Woodland Hills, California to be closer to the recording industry. Headlining at the Starwood Club, The Troubadour, the Whisky a Go Go and other Los Angeles venues, Larry and Michael also concentrated on a promotional campaign for the band, Michael (Michael Damian Weir) began signing promotional letters as Michael Damian, which later became his stage name. At a performance at The Troubador, Michael was recognized from an 1981 appearance on American Bandstand, Michael was approached and agreed to play the part of a struggling singer (Danny Romalotti) on the daytime television series, "The Young and the Restless". Larry also found an outlet for his songwriting, writing and arranging many of the songs that Michael Damian would perform on the television show.
The move to Woodland Hills also had a profound effect on the neighbors, on in particular was Eric Avery the son of Brian Avery who played the role of Carl Smith in the movie "The Graduate". Eric Avery went on to become the bass player for Jane's Addiction, while his sister, Rebecca Avery, followed a career in acting.
In 1981, Michael Damian (Weir), hit the Billboard Hot 100 #27 with Eric Carmen's, "She Did It", and signed a record deal with CBS records Canada in 1983. The CBS deal produced two albums:
"She's in a Different World" and "What Are You Looking For", were hit singles from each album respectively, producing tours with the Weirz as the opening act. Michael Damian's cover of, David Essex' song, Rock On reached the #1 position on the Billboard magazine Hot 100 chart in 1989.
The Weirz signed with Curb Records in 1983, first releasing singles in Europe, followed by a single, "Imagination", which led to American Bandstand and Dance Fever appearances in the United States. The Weirz played their last tour in 1987, as the opening act for the Canadian release of the "Michael Damian" album.
The Weir Brothers.
With Michael Damian Weir as a regular on The Young and the Restless, Larry was writing songs for Damian to perform as an artist and also as the Danny Romalotti character on the television show. In a Los Angeles Times interview, Damian explains the dynamics, "My character was a starving singer who was working as a waiter--which was what I was doing at the time," he recalled. "As my recording career developed, so did my role on 'The Young and the Restless.' When Michael Damian had a No. 1 single, so did Danny Romalotti."
Television.
A collaboration between Alf Clausen, Larry Weir, Michael Damian, Rich Eames, Robin Gibb, Scott Gale and Tom Weir produced the theme song for the television series Saved By the Bell (1989 to 1993).
Larry Weir and Tom Weir teamed up with Michael Parnell to score 34 episodes of the 1991-93 television show, "Dangerous Curves", starring Lisa Cutter and Michael Michele.
Weir Brothers Recording Studios.
The Weir Brothers Recording Studios is added to the musical credits in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some of the titles written or co-written by Larry and with Weir family members producing, and performing at Weir Brothers Recording Studios are:
Trivia
National Record Promotion.
Radio Promotion.
National Record Promotions (NRP), is service company that provides acceptance testing for new music in secondary radio markets. Modeled after the Gavin report, record labels and independent artists employ the service to gather regional analytic data for their songs, side by side with the top ranking hits of the day. In 2011, Real II Reel Productions named National Record Promotions, "...the #1 independent record promoter in the country..." 
National Record Promotion clients:
In 1998, "New Music Weekly" magazine was created in partnership with promoter Paul Loggins, the owner of Spins Tracking System. New Music Weekly is a trade magazine that digests music industry news and evaluates Spins Tracking System data from some 400 National subscriber radio stations. 
In the mid-1990s, Weir found that music production and radio promotion tasks overlap and that he had become adept in both functions. Weir had found that some promoters were less than truthful about accomplishing their contract obligations. In 1995, Weir created National Record Promotion (NRP), a streamlined promotional service for musicians and labels who may not have dedicated promotional staff. Larry and co-owner Masika Swaim, have a personal relationship with NRP subscriber radio stations, contacting each radio station by telephone on a weekly basis. Ultimately, the critique of the promoted music is determined by the radio professionals and listener feedback, which drives the "spin" count of a promoted song. Requests from listeners, acceptance by programming managers and disc-jockeys will likely improve the number of spins per week. Feedback, in terms of number of spins and comparative chart positions, is reported back to the artist or label by the Spins Tracking System. Songs with outstanding audience appeal, as determined by the number of spins or rapid elevations in chart rankings, are noted in New Music Weekly magazine regardless to the artist's choice of promoters. 
One perceived limitation of modern radio promotion, is that some radio stations are located in small radio markets. In most cases, large-market radio stations (Top 40) are run from pre-programmed lists and music rotation decisions occur at a distant corporate offices. In effect, radio stations with rigid programming formats provide little insight into listener preference and determining marketability of new music.
Artists Management.
Weir's, Artists Management Firm, represents Buck McCoy and Heather Youmans in close affiliation with Studio City Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="36598324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598324" title="McCain Institute">
McCain Institute

The McCain Institute for International Leadership is a Washington, D.C.-based think tank in cooperation with Arizona State University whose mission is to "advance leadership based on security, economic opportunity, freedom, and human dignity, in the United States and around the world." The Institute was formed in 2012 and is named after U.S. Senator and 2008 Republican Party presidential nominee John McCain from Arizona.
Mission and themes.
Guided by values that have animated the career of Senator McCain, the Institute is committed to:
Based in Washington, D.C., the McCain Institute is part of Arizona State University. Its work is focused on achieving both immediate and long-range impact, through activities that maximize the ability of leaders to make enlightened decisions in pursuit of the American and global interest. Four central themes guide all of the Institute's work:
Funding.
Funding from the institute comes from variety of individuals, foundations, and corporations, including 
Wal-Mart Stores, FedEx, and hedge fund owner Paul E. Singer. Some of the funders have business before Congress, but McCain's representative has said such actions would not affect his votes.

</doc>
<doc id="36598326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598326" title="Kindermann">
Kindermann

Kindermann is a German surname.

</doc>
<doc id="36598345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598345" title="Jens Nordström">
Jens Nordström

Jens Nordström (born 12 September 1976) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36598352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598352" title="Rocío Sánchez Moccia">
Rocío Sánchez Moccia

Rocío María Sánchez Moccia is an Argentine field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Argentina women's national field hockey team in the women's event.

</doc>
<doc id="36598367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598367" title="Marcus Ekheim">
Marcus Ekheim

Marcus Ekheim is a Swedish former footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36598372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598372" title="Pyrkivä Turku">
Pyrkivä Turku

Pyrkivä Turku, Finnish "Turun Pyrkivä", earlier Maarian Pyrkivä (‘endeavouring’) is a sports club from Turku, Finland, which was founded in 1906 by sportsmen who represented artistic gymnastics.
The club was founded as a section of the Työväenyhdistys Tarmo (‘Workers Association Vigour’ or ‘Stamina’ of Raunistula, Maaria. In 1912 the club became independent of its parent organisation, and green was chosen as its colour.
In the early years the most popular sports were athletics and wrestling, but perhaps surprisingly, drama was also popular, and at best the club presented 16 different plays per year, and it also arranged screenings of movies.
Today the main sports of the club are association football, rink bandy, basketball, artistic gymnastics, badminton, table tennis, and athletics.
The gymnasts of Pyrkivä Turku have had considerable success both on the national and the international level: Kaino Lempinen was a member of the team that won gold in the 1952 Helsinki Olympics. The most recent successful gymnast from Pyrkivä has been Annukka Almenoksa, who won 18 Finnish championships (1998–2004) and is still the only Finnish woman who has reached the finals in a major international competition (2002 European Women's Artistic Gymnastics Championships).
In rink bandy Pyrkivä played in top flight, in the Finnish Rink Bandy League, until the end of the 2007–2008 season. The club is also active in bandy proper and ice hockey. In the former sport the club holds 11 championships in the competitions of the Finnish Workers' Sports Federation. The club played in the Finnish Bandy Championship Series in 1945. During the years 1948–1952 the club played in a Championship challenge against the bandy champion of the series governed by the Football Association of Finland, but they lost each time.
Pyrkivä has played two spells in the top flight of Finnish football, the Mestaruussarja, during 1952—1956 and during 1978—1979. In 1954 the club won the championship, and in 1952 it achieved bronze. In addition to this, the club has played 17 seasons on the second level, in Division I.

</doc>
<doc id="36598394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598394" title="Virginia Environmental Law Journal">
Virginia Environmental Law Journal

The Virginia Environmental Law Journal (Bluebook abbreviation: "Va. Envtl. L.J.") is a law review edited by students at the University of Virginia School of Law. The journal covers research and discussion in the areas of environmental and natural resource law, on a broad array of topics from environmental justice to corporate liability. The Journal is perennially ranked among the top five environmental law journals in the country. 
Established in 1980, the Virginia Environmental Law Journal is one of the oldest journals at the University of Virginia School of Law. It is entirely student-run. The Journal is closely tied to the law school’s Program in Environmental and Land Use Law, and it provides the Law School community with a forum for discussion of current environmental issues through its publication of legal scholarship related to the topic.
Admission to student membership on the Journal is extremely competitive. The Journal seeks diverse scholarship and publishes its work three times a year. The Journal remains open to all perspectives and maintains the highest level of academic integrity as a forum for the free exchange of ideas.
The Journal publishes the works of leading scholars, practitioners, and government officials, as well as exceptional student notes. 
Annual Symposium.
Through its annual Symposium, the Journal encourages dialogue about environmental law and policy among students, professors, and the local Charlottesville community. Please visit our Events Page for more information about the Symposium.

</doc>
<doc id="36598397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598397" title="My Combat Channel">
My Combat Channel

My Combat Channel (MCC) is an English-language specialty channel devoted to airing programming related to combat sports including wrestling, boxing, mixed martial arts, and other combatant styles. Along with airing live fighting events My Combat Channel also airs combat related movies, documentaries, television series, news, and fitness related shows.
Corporate Background.
MyCombatChannel, the Company, has created a branded online video channel and broadcast channel, programmed 24/7 with MMA content, one of the fast growing video content segments in both traditional cable/OTA as well as IPTV video platforms.
My Combat Channel was founded in late 2011 by Fabiano Iha, a prize winning and celebrated Martial Arts champion.
Global Distribution.
In October, 2011 Vivicast Media and My Combat Channel announced their multi-year global distribution agreement covering all distribution platforms. My Combat Channel and Vivicast will focus on delivering the channel to cable, IPTV, OTT and mobile companies around the world. From July 1, 2011 My Combat Channel commenced broadcasting globally on the FilmOn.TV internet television platform. In July, 2012 My Combat Channel announced it would commence broadcasting from September 1, 2012 on FilmOn.TV Los Angeles (KILM - Channel 64). Roku box http://www.roku.com/channels/#!details/25009/my-combat-channel

</doc>
<doc id="36598418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598418" title="List of museums in Hungary">
List of museums in Hungary

This is a list of museums in Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="36598428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598428" title="Gusripen Efendi">
Gusripen Efendi

Gusripen Efendi (born on August 14, 1986 in Muara Mahat, Kampar Regency) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36598451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598451" title="Run for Your Life (film)">
Run for Your Life (film)

Run for Your Life (also known as "Marathon") is a 1988 Italian-British sport-drama film. It is the last film directed by Terence Young. It was filmed in Rome; during the filming Carradine married his third wife, Gail Jensen.

</doc>
<doc id="36598455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598455" title="Racialized society">
Racialized society

A racialized society is a society where socioeconomic inequality, residential segregation and low intermarriage rates are the norm, where humans’ definitions of personal identity and choices of intimate relationships reveal racial distinctiveness, and where “people are seldom unaware of the race of a person with whom they interact.”
A racialized society is a society where perceived race matters profoundly for life experiences, opportunities, and interpersonal relationships.
A racialized society can also be said to be “a society that allocates differential economic, political, social, and even psychological rewards to groups along perceived racial lines; lines that are socially constructed.”
United States.
It is argued that racial/ethnic identity are not separate or autonomous categories and what is called 'racial categories' in the United States are actually racialized ethnic categories.
The United States society is considered a racialized society in which divisions between the racial/ethnic groups are given. Critical race theory notes that racism is normal and is engrained in the fabric and system of the American society. There are ongoing racial disparities between in the United States in employment, housing, religion, and race-conscious institutions. A "privileged/non-privileged dynamic" exists whether or not people want to recognize it. This means that cultural practice assigns value and assumed competence to people who have certain characteristics or features. The social psychological approach maintains that prejudice socialized early in life feeds racial stereotypes.
It is often said that social interaction is infused with a privileged / non-privileged dynamic which is defined by racial identity — is very complex issue. Racialization hurts both the privileged and the non-privileged, but hurts the non-privileged most.
Until the 1960s there was legal racial discrimination in the United States. The end of legal discrimination produced major improvements, but scarcely was successful in wiping the slate clean of the many legacies of more than three centuries of formalized state supported inequality. Even after the era of official social discrimination and segregation the lingering residual practices kept African Americans in lower-caste status. Racial problems were viewed as the nation's "most important problem" and many observers felt the United States was in a state of racial crisis. Racially related issues, such as welfare, crime, segregation, "permissive judges", affirmative action, group based rights, difference-blind treatment, and government regulation and state neutrality with respect to group, have been the subject of strenuous political debate and draconian legislation in the past three decades. 
Significant gaps between blacks and whites in most domains that measure the quality of life continue to exist. Effective standards designed to eliminate discrimination, often described as race-conscious remedies, have been intensely debated. Supporters argue that institutional racism is so deeply and subtly embedded in the fabric of American society that little would change if more proactive methods of eliminating discrimination had been used.

</doc>
<doc id="36598471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598471" title="Peter Bell (Wordsworth)">
Peter Bell (Wordsworth)

Peter Bell: A Tale in Verse is a long narrative poem by William Wordsworth, written in 1798, but not published until 1819.
Synopsis.
In a tone of straight-faced humour the prologue tells of the poet's travels over the face of the earth and through the heavens in a boat of the imagination, which urges him to choose some exotic or otherworldly theme. The poet rejects the suggestion, and opts for the more homely subject of Peter Bell. The poem proper begins with a description of him as a hard-hearted sinner, impervious to the softening influence of nature, who makes his living as an itinerant hawker (or "potter", in Wordsworth's northern expression) of earthenware. One night, while walking through Swaledale by night, he loses his way. He comes across an ass standing untended, gazing into the river Swale, and he tries to ride away on it, but the ass does not respond to his furious beating of it. Peter sees the face of a corpse in the river, and faints from shock. On recovering consciousness he drags the dead man, once the owner of the ass, onto dry land. The ass now consents to start for home, taking Peter with him. A loud cry is heard in the distance, which, though Peter does not know it, comes from the dead man's young son, who is searching for his father. Unnerved by this, and by the sight of the bloody wounds he has inflicted on the ass, Peter begins to feel unaccustomed pangs of conscience. His mind turns to his many past sins, and as he passes an outdoor Methodist meeting his heart responds to the preacher's calls for repentance. The ass reaches the home of the dead man, whose wife is waiting for him. She learns that she is a widow, and her children orphans.
And now is Peter taught to feelThat man's heart is a holy thing;And Nature, through a world of death,Breathes into him a second breath,More searching than the breath of spring.
The poem closes with Peter downcast by his experiences, but eventually emerging as a better man.
Composition and publication.
In 1793, while walking in the Wye Valley, Wordsworth fell in with a "wild rover" who, as he later recalled, "told me strange stories" as they wandered together. Five years later he drew on his memories of this vagrant for a new poem. Wordsworth began writing "Peter Bell" on 20 April 1798, and by late May of that year was able to read it aloud at Alfoxden to William Hazlitt. Though the poem was first written during the final preparations for his and Coleridge's "Lyrical Ballads" Wordsworth did not choose to include it in that collection. In February 1799 he reported that he had been performing some cuts on "Peter Bell". In February 1802 he revised it again, and the following month talked of publishing it, perhaps with "The Ruined Cottage" or "Adventures on Salisbury Plain", but for the moment nothing came of this. One more revision in 1812 was followed by plans for publication in 1815, again abandoned. "Peter Bell" was finally published in April 1819, with four sonnets to accompany it, and with a dedication to his friend Robert Southey.
Reception.
John Hamilton Reynolds, reading about the impending publication, wrote a Wordsworth parody called "Peter Bell: a Lyrical Ballad", which appeared a week before the genuine "Peter Bell" and stirred up enough public interest to ensure that Wordsworth's poem went into a second edition within a fortnight. In contemporary journals the poem was, like his previous publications, generally greeted with derision and contempt, critics being especially provoked by the deliberately flat diction and by the mundanity of its subject, as exemplified in Peter Bell's own prosaic name. Leigh Hunt, writing in "The Examiner", condemned "Peter Bell" as "a didactic little horror…founded on the bewitching principles of fear, bigotry, and diseased impulse". Other reviewers spoke of its "gross perversion of intellect" and "tincture of imbecility", and pronounced it "superlatively silly", "daudling, impotent drivel" and "of all Mr. Wordsworth's poems…decidedly the worst". Byron, in his "Don Juan", sneered that Wordsworth
                     makesAnother outcry for "a little boat",            And drivels seas to set it well afloat.Even close friends could offer little comfort. Charles Lamb wrote to Wordsworth that though he liked the poem's subject "I cannot say that the style of it quite satisfies me. It is too lyrical," and he privately said that he thought it one of the worst of Wordsworth's works. Henry Crabb Robinson feared Wordsworth had "set himself back ten years by the publication of this unfortunate work". In the months after the publication of Wordsworth's poem and Reynolds' skit a whole rash of Wordsworth parodies broke out, by Keats and Shelley among others. Wordsworth responded to this general damnation of "Peter Bell" by revising it when he included it in his 1820 collected edition, "Miscellaneous Poems", though he also wrote a sonnet "On the Detraction which followed the Publication of a certain Poem" in which he told Peter "Heed not such onset!". Opinion was slow to change in "Peter Bell"’s favour. In 1879 Matthew Arnold counted it among the poems which only a true Wordsworthian such as himself could read with pleasure, and in 1891 Oscar Wilde cited it as an example of the deleterious influence of Nature on Wordsworth's poetry. Modern Wordsworth critics generally rank "Peter Bell" high among its author's works, full credit being given to its daring as a "radical experiment". Duncan Wu numbered it among Wordsworth's greatest poems, while Mary Moorman called it "his most brilliant narrative poem".

</doc>
<doc id="36598473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598473" title="List of state leaders in 385 BC">
List of state leaders in 385 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598508" title="Alaaeldin Abouelkassem">
Alaaeldin Abouelkassem

Alaaeldin Mohamed El-Sayed Abouelkassem (Arabic: ; born 25 November 1990) is an Egyptian fencer who won a silver medal in the men's foil event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He took up fencing at the age of eight and, in 2008, began fencing internationally, winning medals at the African and World Junior Championships, as well as the Junior World Cup, before progressing to the senior level in 2011 and capturing bronze at the Fleuret de St-Petersbourg. Later that year he earned gold medals at the 2011 Pan Arab Games in the individual and team foil events before progressing to the 2012 Summer Games, where he won Africa's first ever Olympic fencing medal.
Early life.
Abouelkassem was born on 25 November 1990 in Sétif, Algeria to an Egyptian father and an Algerian mother and moved to Egypt at the age of four. Growing up in Alexandria, he first became athletically involved in swimming and karate before beginning his training in fencing at age of eight in the city's Al-Selah Al-Sakandry club. After successes in the sport at a young age, he was forced to give it up upon entering the Arab Academy for Science and Technology and Maritime Transport, as the program was too demanding for him to pursue engineering studies and fencing. He was soon re-discovered by his former coach, Mohamed El-Sayed, who nominated him to join the national team.
Career.
Abouelkassem's international career began in 2008, when he captured a gold medal in foil fencing at the African Junior Championships and bronze at the World Junior Fencing Championships in Italy, in addition to one third place finish at the Junior Fencing World Cup. At the 2009 Junior Fencing World Cup he earned another third place win and followed up with gold one year later at the 2010 World Junior Fencing Championships. He earned his first World Cup medal as a senior, bronze, at the 2011 Fleuret de St-Petersbourg, and captured gold at the 2011 Pan Arab Games in the individual and team foil events.
Abouelkassem qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics and entered the individual foil event in the round of 32, defeating American Miles Chamley-Watson 15-10. He had the same result against Peter Joppich of Germany and Andrea Cassarà of Italy in the round of 16 and quarterfinals respectively, before moving on to defeat Choi Byung-Chul of South Korea 15-12 in the semi-finals. Abouelkassem lost the gold medal match 13-15 to Lei Sheng of China, but the silver medal he won was the first Olympic fencing medal for a competitor representing an African nation. He also participated in the team foil event, where the Egyptians were eliminated by the British team by a score of 45-33 in the opening round.
At the 2013 Mediterranean Games, Abouelkassem won a bronze medal in the individual foil. , he is coached by Paul Kantorsky of Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="36598523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598523" title="Isabella Blake-Thomas">
Isabella Blake-Thomas

Isabella Rose Blake-Thomas (born 21 September 2002) is an English child actor, best known for playing Lily-Rose in "Green Balloon Club" and Violet-Elizabeth in "Just William".
Early life.
Blake-Thomas was born in Wandsworth, London on 21 September 2002, the daughter of Charlie and Elizabeth Blake-Thomas.
Career.
Blake-Thomas' first role was at the age of five, when she was selected to present the CBeebies television program "Green Balloon Club". This ran for one series between 2008 and 2009. Later in 2009, she had a minor role in the biographical television film "Enid," playing a girl who attends a tea party. In 2010, she was cast in an adaptation of the "Just William" series of books, playing Violet-Elizabeth Bott. Blake-Thomas had another minor role as 'Izzie', in the 2011 film "Johnny English Reborn". Her first lead role was in the 2011 little known, independent film "Little Glory" as Julie, alongside Cameron Bright. In December 2012, Blake-Thomas played the part of Annabelle Crumb in the BBC Christmas adaptation of the David Walliams book "Mr Stink".
Personal life.
Blake-Thomas divides her time between London and Los Angeles and lives with her parents Charlie and Elizabeth. She is an ambassador for the Youth Food Movement because "wants children to be healthy, so if they want to do anything they have lots of energy, and to teach them what healthy foods are."

</doc>
<doc id="36598529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598529" title="Tofthagen Library and Museum">
Tofthagen Library and Museum

The Tofthagen Library and Museum on W. B Ave. in Lakota, North Dakota is a building constructed in 1927. It has also been known as the Lakota City Library.
It includes Prairie School architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 as Tofthagen Library Museum.
It is named for the library's donor, Amun M. Tofthagen, who was born in Hundorp, Norway in 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="36598530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598530" title="Alguien">
Alguien

Alguien (English: Someone) is a Latin pop song written and performed by Kany García. The song was chosen as the second single from Kany's third album, "Kany García". The song was released to iTunes on July 10, 2012 as a promo and was released to radios in August.
Composition and inspiration.
The song "Alguien" was inspired by a relationship that Kany's brother had. She states, "When someone fails, we believe that no one suffers like us, that no one loves more than us." 
Chart Performance.
"Alguien" debuted at #39 on Billboard Latin Pop Songs and #42 on Latin Songs on week ending September 14, 2012. So far, the song has peaked top 10 on Latin Pop Songs becoming Kany Garcia's 4th top 10 on that chart as well as first top 10 since 2009.
Other Versions.
A duet version was recorded with Bachata artist Alexandra. It was released for digital download on December 10, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36598537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598537" title="USCGC Haida (WPG-45)">
USCGC Haida (WPG-45)

USCGC "Haida" (WPG-45) was a 240-foot "Tampa"-class United States Coast Guard cutter in commission from 1921 until 1947.
Ship history.
The ship was laid down at the Union Construction Company in Oakland, California on 27 September 1920. She was launched on 19 April 1921, christened by Mrs. Frank G. Law, and commissioned on 4 October 1921.
"Haida" was first stationed at Seattle, Washington, before joining the Bering Sea Patrols, based from Unalaska, Alaska. Her duties included providing medical services, search and rescue, maintaining aids to navigation, fishery patrols, and attempts to enforce Prohibition regulations. In 1924 she supported the U.S. Army's circumnavigation the globe by air.
On 7 December 1941 "Haida" was undergoing repairs at the Puget Sound Navy Yard. She returned to duty in Alaskan waters in early 1942, carrying out escort and rescue duties. She was assigned to weather ship duty in 1943, which continued through until March 1946.
"Haida" was decommissioned on 13 February 1947, and sold in 1948 to the Puget Sound Bridge and Dredging Company. She was scrapped in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="36598574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598574" title="List of state leaders in 384 BC">
List of state leaders in 384 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598588" title="McKinney Cemetery">
McKinney Cemetery

The McKinney Cemetery near Tolley, North Dakota, United States, was founded circa 1886. It has also been known as the Renville Valley Pioneer Cemetery. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1978. According to its NRHP nomination, the cemetery is the oldest cemetery in Renville County and "is also the only remaining physical manifestation of the former town of McKinney."

</doc>
<doc id="36598601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598601" title="Luigi Lodde">
Luigi Lodde

Luigi Lodde is an Italian sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 5th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598607" title="Jan Sychra">
Jan Sychra

Jan Sychra (; born March 21, 1969) is a Czech sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 5th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598615" title="Răzvan Martin">
Răzvan Martin

Răzvan Martin (; born December 22, 1991, in Cluj-Napoca) is a Romanian weightlifter.
In the 2012 European Championships, he originally won the silver medal in the -77 kg class. But because Erkand Qerimaj of Albania was banned for doping use, Martin was awarded the gold medal.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he won the bronze medal in the men's 69kg category, lifting a total of 332 kg.
In 2013 Martin was suspended for doping use.

</doc>
<doc id="36598616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598616" title="Marcus Svensson">
Marcus Svensson

Marcus Svensson is a Swedish sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 7th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598620" title="Bistec de Palomilla">
Bistec de Palomilla

Bistec de Palomilla is a Cuban dish consisting of beef round steak marinated in garlic, lime juice, salt and pepper then pan-fried. It is usually served with black beans and yellow or white rice.

</doc>
<doc id="36598627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598627" title="Frank Thompson (sport shooter)">
Frank Thompson (sport shooter)

Frank Thompson is an American sport shooter. Thompson was born on March 11, 1988, in 
Alliance, Nebraska, United States. 
Thompson became a member of the National Development Team in 2006. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 8th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598636" title="Nikolaos Mavrommatis">
Nikolaos Mavrommatis

Nikolaos Mavrommatis is a Greek sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 9th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598637" title="Ralf Buchheim">
Ralf Buchheim

Ralf Buchheim (born 10 October 1983 in Lebus) is a German sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 10th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598640" title="Karakeşli">
Karakeşli

Karakeşli is a village in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey. At it is north east of Erdemli and about west of Mersin. The population of the village was 869 as of 2011. The population of the village is composed of a once-nomadic tribe (a subunit of Sarıkeçili Turkmen tribe) which was settled in 1865 in its present location. The major economic activity is greenhouse farming. Citrus cucumber and tomato are main crops.

</doc>
<doc id="36598643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598643" title="List of state leaders in 383 BC">
List of state leaders in 383 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598673" title="Stefan Nilsson">
Stefan Nilsson

Stefan Nilsson is a Swedish sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 15th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598681" title="Rory Warlow">
Rory Warlow

Rory Warlow is a British sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 16th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598691" title="Mostafa Hamdy">
Mostafa Hamdy

Mostafa Hamdy is an Egyptian sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the men's skeet, finishing in 18th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598704" title="John Stampe">
John Stampe

John Stampe Møller (16 February 1957 – 29 July 2012) was a Danish football player and coach.
He played 444 games (and scored 12 goals) for AGF Aarhus and 1 game for the Danish national football team. He later managed his former club AGF.

</doc>
<doc id="36598705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598705" title="Jakub Tomeček">
Jakub Tomeček

Jakub Tomeček (; born May 23, 1991) is a Czech sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 19th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598711" title="Keith Ferguson (sport shooter)">
Keith Ferguson (sport shooter)

Keith Ferguson is an Australian sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 20th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598717" title="Abdullah Al-Rashidi">
Abdullah Al-Rashidi

Abdullah Al-Rashidi is a Kuwaiti sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 21st place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598721" title="Javier Rodríguez (sport shooter)">
Javier Rodríguez (sport shooter)

Javier Rodríguez is a Mexican sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 24th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598731" title="Efthimios Mitas">
Efthimios Mitas

Efthimios Mitas is a Greek sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 25th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598736" title="Jesper Hansen (sport shooter)">
Jesper Hansen (sport shooter)

Jesper Hansen is a Danish sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 26th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598738" title="Benjamin Bullivant">
Benjamin Bullivant

Benjamin Bullivant was appointed by Joseph Dudley as the first Attorney General of the Dominion of New England.
Bullivant was a founder, and the first churchwarden of King's Chapel, Boston. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598743" title="Hotel Impossible">
Hotel Impossible

Hotel Impossible is a reality television program from Travel Channel in which struggling hotels receive an extensive makeover by veteran hotel operator Anthony Melchiorri and his team. The show premiered on April 9, 2012.
Premise.
Each episode features a hotel having problems or not living up to its potential. Veteran hotelier Anthony Melchiorri secretly scouts each property and identifies its biggest problems. He then meets with the staff, from front desk clerks to housekeeping to the owners themselves, to determine the key operation issues. Some owners risk losing their hotels if Melchiorri's renovations do not work. After devising a plan for physical, cosmetic, and procedural changes with his designer (usually Casey Noble or former "Design Star" contestant Blanche Garcia), Melchiorri works with the staff and revamps the hotel.
"Hotel Impossible" was renewed for a second season by the Travel Channel in September 2012. A special titled "After Anthony" aired on February 4, 2013, featuring a look back at the hotels visited in the first season. The third season debuted on August 12, 2013. In January 2014, before the fourth season debuted, a series of six half-hour follow-up episodes titled "Hotel Impossible Undercover" revisited individual hotels from previous seasons. The fourth season debuted January 27, 2014. Anthony Melchiorri tweeted in June 2014 that production was underway on the fifth season.

</doc>
<doc id="36598744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598744" title="Majed Al-Tamimi">
Majed Al-Tamimi

Majed Al-Tamimi (born August 21, 1971) is a Saudi Arabian sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 29th place with a total of 111 points.

</doc>
<doc id="36598746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598746" title="Guillermo Alfredo Torres">
Guillermo Alfredo Torres

Guillermo Alfredo Torres is a Cuban sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 30th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598749" title="Paul Brian Rosario">
Paul Brian Rosario

Paul Brian Rosario (born 17 April 1982 in Manila) is a Filipino sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 31st place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598756" title="Nicolas Pacheco Espinosa">
Nicolas Pacheco Espinosa

Nicolas Pacheco Espinosa (born 23 August 1994) is a Peruvian sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 32nd place. He studied in Newton College.

</doc>
<doc id="36598757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598757" title="Jiang Haiqi">
Jiang Haiqi


</doc>
<doc id="36598759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598759" title="Casino Magic Corp.">
Casino Magic Corp.

Casino Magic Corp. was a gaming company based in Bay St. Louis, Mississippi. It was acquired in 1998 by Hollywood Park, Inc. (now Pinnacle Entertainment) for $340 million, snubbing an offer of $310 million from Grand Casinos.

</doc>
<doc id="36598760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598760" title="Clive Barton">
Clive Barton

Clive Barton (born 2 October 1971) is an Australian sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 29th and 35th places on each day of the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36598762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598762" title="List of state leaders in 382 BC">
List of state leaders in 382 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598771" title="Fabio Ramella">
Fabio Ramella

Fabio Ramella is a Swiss sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 34th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598775" title="Mark Schaefer">
Mark Schaefer

Mark W. Schaefer (born June 7, 1960) is an American author and speaker with a focus on social media marketing.
Early life.
Schaefer was born in Pittsburgh, PA, and graduated from West Virginia University in 1982 with a BSJ in Journalism. He earned an MBA from Claremont Graduate University at the Peter F. Drucker and Masatoshi Ito Graduate School of Management in 1992. In 1997, Schaefer earned an MA in Applied Behavioral Sciences from Bastyr University in Kenmore, Washington.
Early career.
Schaefer spent his early career in journalism, video production, public relations, and sales account management. In the mid-1990s he became a marketing director for Alcoa where he worked with global brands such as Coca-Cola and Anheuser-Busch. In 2001, Schaefer accepted a job to lead Alcoa's international eBusiness team and was responsible for CRM, eCommerce, and digital marketing implementations. 
Career.
In 2008 Schaefer formed the U.S.-based consulting company Schaefer Marketing Solutions LLC. In 2009, Schaefer founded his blog {grow}, which examines the intersection of marketing, technology, and humanity. In 2010 Schaefer became a faculty member at Rutgers University. Schaefer is founder and Executive Director of Schaefer Marketing Solutions, LLC. He authored four books on social media marketing including "Return on Influence" and "The Tao of Twitter," which describe social media practices and how content creation influences personal and business success.
Teaching.
Schaefer began teaching at the college level in 2009 with courses at Tusculum College in Tennessee, and created one of the first social media marketing curriculums in the country later that year. He developed a similar curriculum for Rutgers University in New Jersey in 2010. Schaefer now serves as an adjunct faculty member at the Rutgers University Center for Management Development.
Speaking and consulting.
Schaefer has appeared on national television shows and periodicals including the "Wall Street Journal", "Wired", "The New York Times", National Public Radio, and CBS News. His keynote appearances include The Institute for International and European Affairs, National Economic Development Conference, National Association of State CIOs, Word of Mouth Marketing Summit Tokyo, Content Strategy Conference Amsterdam, Online Influence Conference (Wales), Social Media Success Summit, Blog World New Media Expo, PR News Measurement Summit and Social Media Week London. Schaefer actively lectures on the university circuit and his appearances include Oxford University (UK), Carnegie-Mellon University in Pennsylvania, Princeton University in New Jersey, Indiana University, New York University, and many other institutions. He also consults on marketing strategy, business development, and social media marketing. In 2010 Schaefer founded an annual national social media conference in Knoxville, Tennessee which is called Social Slam.
As the founder of Schaefer Marketing Solutions, Mark Schaefer has led consulting assignments with many companies including IBM, AT&T, Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Bank of Ireland, Dell, and The U.S. Air Force.
Publications.
Schaefer has written four best-selling business books. "Born to Blog: Building your blog for personal and business success one post at a time" written jointly with Stanford A. Smith. It was published in 2013 by McGraw Hill. According to WorldCat, the book is held in 91 libraries "Return on Influence: The revolutionary power of Klout, social scoring, and influence marketing" (ISBN 978-0071791090) was published in 2012 by McGrawHill. It is his most widely held book; WorldCat shows it in 553 libraries It was the first book to examine the field of "social scoring," where companies like Klout assign influence values to individuals based on the content they share on social media platforms. The American Library Association named "Return On Influence" as one its Outstanding Academic Titles of 2012. According to the Association, the book is a "path-finding contribution" and "an essential work for marketing professionals." "The Tao of Twitter - Changing Your Life and Business 140 Characters at a Time" (ISBN 978-0071802192) was self-published by Schaefer in 2010 and was re-launched in an updated edition in 2012 by McGraw. According to WorldCat, the book is held in 233 libraries In 2014, Schaefer self-published "Social Media Explained", a tutorial for executives based on his graduate school lectures.
Mark Schaefer is also the publisher of the business blog {grow}. He coined the marketing terms "social scoring" in 2010 and "content shock" in 2014 
In 2013, he began a marketing-oriented podcast called The Marketing Companion. His podcast co-host is Tom Webster, an executive with Edison Research.

</doc>
<doc id="36598794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598794" title="Un dramma borghese">
Un dramma borghese

Un dramma borghese (internationally released as Mimi) is a 1979 Italian drama film film directed by Florestano Vancini. It is based on the novel with the same title by Guido Morselli and it has as main theme an incestuous love between a father and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="36598809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598809" title="Cho Yong-seong">
Cho Yong-seong

Cho Yong-Seong is a South Korean sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 35th place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598810" title="Galaxy Films">
Galaxy Films

Galaxy Films (Malayalam: ഗ്യാലക്സി ഫിലിംസ്) is a film production and distribution company, founded by Milan Jaleel, producing Malayalam language films.
Galaxy Films started out as a film-making company in 1997 with the film "Kalyanapittennu". Over the years, the company has expanded to distribution of films all over India.

</doc>
<doc id="36598811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598811" title="Beulah School">
Beulah School

The Beulah School on 2nd St., NW, in Beulah, North Dakota was built in 1920. It has also been known as Beulah High School and as Beulah Middle School. It includes elements of International Style and Prairie School architecture.
It is a work of Frederick Walcott Keith and it is a work of Herman Leonhard.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1997. The listing included one contributing building and one other contributing site on .
According to its NRHP nomination, the Beulah School is significant architecturally "as the only Prairie School style building in Beulah and for its International style architecture...also is significant in the area of education as an important building associated with the growth and development of Beulah and the need to provide adequate educational opportunities for its residents. Lastly, the rip rapping and terracing present at the school site is...in the area of landscape architecture as an important Federal relief project for Beulah."

</doc>
<doc id="36598813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598813" title="List of state leaders in 381 BC">
List of state leaders in 381 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598824" title="Linda Byrne">
Linda Byrne

She is an Olympian having competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's marathon. She finished in 66th place with a time of 2:37:13.

</doc>
<doc id="36598825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598825" title="Wasakaka">
Wasakaka

Wasakaka is a savory sauce used in Dominican cuisine, often on chicken. It resembles the Chilean sauce pebre.

</doc>
<doc id="36598833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598833" title="Azmy Mehelba">
Azmy Mehelba

Azmy Mehelba is an Egyptian sport shooter. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the Men's skeet, finishing in 36th (last) place.

</doc>
<doc id="36598848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598848" title="Ragnar Holmstedt">
Ragnar Holmstedt

Ragnar Holmstedt was a Swedish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36598868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598868" title="United Nations Security Council Resolution 2063">
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2063

United Nations Security Council Resolution 2063 was unanimously adopted on 31 July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36598892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598892" title="Ava Hutchinson">
Ava Hutchinson

Ava Hutchinson (born 30 March 1983) is an Irish long distance runner who won team gold for Ireland at the 2012 European Cross Country Championships in Budapest. Her gold-medal-winning team-mates were Fionnuala Britton, Linda Byrne, Lizzie Lee, Sara Treacy and Sarah McCormack.
She is an Olympian after competing at London 2012 in the Women's marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="36598898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598898" title="Kothalanka">
Kothalanka

Kothalanka is a village in Mummidivaram Mandal in East Godavari District of Andhra Pradesh, India.

</doc>
<doc id="36598902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598902" title="Kamarcheh">
Kamarcheh

Kamarcheh (; also known as Kamarcheh-ye Şamad Khān) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 139, in 29 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598904" title="List of state leaders in 380 BC">
List of state leaders in 380 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36598908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598908" title="Kondeh Sukhteh">
Kondeh Sukhteh

Kondeh Sukhteh (, also Romanized as Kondeh Sūkhteh) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 22 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598914" title="Nasrabad, Salehabad">
Nasrabad, Salehabad

Nasrabad (, also Romanized as Naşrābād) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 91, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598922" title="Andrija Stipanović">
Andrija Stipanović


</doc>
<doc id="36598935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598935" title="Padeh-ye Musa Khan">
Padeh-ye Musa Khan

Padeh-ye Musa Khan (, also Romanized as Padeh-ye Mūsá Khān; also known as Kārīzcheh and Padeh-ye Ḩoseyn Kūr) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 359, in 76 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598936" title="Laura Reynolds">
Laura Reynolds

Laura Reynolds (born 21 January 1989) is an Irish long distance race walker, from Eslin, Leitrim who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 20k walk.
She is a graduate of Dublin City University, where she obtained a Degree in PE and Biology.

</doc>
<doc id="36598943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598943" title="Wesley West">
Wesley West

Wesley West was the second son of James Marion West and younger brother of James Marion West, Jr.. Like his brother and father before him, he was a noted Texas rancher, oilman, and philanthropist. He founded Wesley West Minerals, a mineral rights owning entity currently operating in Texas, Alabama, Mississippi, and New Mexico, and Wesley West Cattle L.P.
He married Neva Yvonne (née Watkins) in 1930. Together, they would have three children; sons Wesley (who died of leukemia at age seven) and James W., and daughter Betty Ann.
Along with his wife, Wesley was a noteworthy patron of the arts in the Houston area with gifts to the Houston Grand Opera, the Houston Symphony, and the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston. Wesley and Neva also donated generously to the Baylor College of Medicine, the Texas Medical Center, and Texas A&M Health Science Center. The Neva and Wesley West Chair at A&M is named in their honor (currently held by Magnus Hook ) as is the Neva and Wesley West Scholarship in the College of Business Administration at Sam Houston State University. Together, they founded the Neva and Wesley West Foundation, now the Stedman West Foundation, which continues their philanthropic activities through the present day.
West inherited the West Ranch in Blanco County, Texas from his father James M. West, Sr.. The West Ranch Airport (XS75), a privately owned field with a single 5,561 foot strip, is located on the property some 8 nautical miles west of the town of Round Mountain.
Friendship with Lyndon Johnson.
West co-owned KBTC radio in Austin along with businessmen E.G. Kingsbury and Robert B. Anderson (former State of Texas Tax Commissioner and future Secretary of the Treasury). Kingsbury had been an opponent of Johnson’s political ambitions but thanks to Johnson’s assistance in getting his son admitted to the United State Naval Academy, he agreed to give Johnson his ownership of the station. Johnson traveled to the West Ranch in the Texas Hill Country to persuade Wesley to sell his interest in the company. A conservative Republican, West was skeptical at first, but the two had a personal connection that would lead to lifetime friendship. West sold his portion of KBTC (now KLBJ) to Johnson (the actual ownership was in Lady Bird Johnson’s name). The two men and their families would remain close in the following years, with the Johnson’s being frequent guests at the West Ranch near Stonewall, Texas along with fellow West friend and associate Stuart Symington. Mrs. Johnson would refer to Neva as "the sweetest friend I have ever known."
Philanthropy.
West and his wife were philanthropists giving to a variety of causes. Two of these, higher education and the arts, stand out. West gave funds to create the Neva and Wesley West Scholarship in the College of Business Administration at Sam Houston State University. Together, they gave generously to the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston notably to the Department of Ophthalmology. The Neva and Wesley West Chair in the Texas A&M Health Sciences Center, Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences, Houston, Institute of Biosciences and Technology was created to fund faculty conducting research to ultimately aid in the treatment of infectious diseases. They also gave generously to the Texas Medical Center, the largest medical center in the world, of which Neva was a lifetime Director. Upon her death in 2007, the Texas Medical Center flags were flown at half-mast for days.
His wife Neva was a true patron of the arts, giving numerous donations to the Houston Grand Opera (of which she was a member of the board), the Houston Symphony, and the Houston Museum of Fine Arts (of which she was a lifetime trustee). The Houston Symphony gave a concert gala in her honor in 1993.
Together, Wesley and Neva would create the Neva and Wesley West Foundation, now the Stedman West Foundation, which continues their philanthropic activities. The foundation gave funds to aid in the creation of Jesus Bautista Moroles' Houston Police Officer's Memorial in 1990.
Homes.
West inherited many properties and associated businesses from his father's estate, much of which he shared with his brother James Jr. Two of these were the Indio and Chupadero ranches. In 1960,West divided these ranches with James Jr.'s heirs keeping the consolidated middle sections of the properties. He named these 40,000 acres the Faith Ranch. The ranch is maintained by descendents of his daughter Betty Ann West Stedman.

</doc>
<doc id="36598951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598951" title="German submarine U-261">
German submarine U-261

German submarine "U-261" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 17 May 1941 at the Bremer Vulkan yard at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 26, launched on 16 February 1942 and commissioned on 28 March under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Hans Lange. After training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla, "U-261" was transferred to the 6th U-boat Flotilla, for front-line service from 1 September 1942.
"U-261" sank no ships in her short career. Her only patrol began when she departed Kiel on 8 September 1942. Her route took her through the gap between the Faroe and Shetland Islands toward the Atlantic Ocean. She never got that far. On 15 September 1942, she was sunk by an Armstrong Whitworth Whitley of No. 58 Squadron RAF west of the Scottish island group.

</doc>
<doc id="36598964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598964" title="Siah Khowleh">
Siah Khowleh

Siah Khowleh (, also Romanized as Sīāh Khowleh; also known as Kalāteh-ye Sīāh Kholeh) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 390, in 80 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598968" title="Government ministries of Estonia">
Government ministries of Estonia

The Government ministries of Estonia are the ministries of the Republic of Estonia.
Current ministries and ministers.
Besides the Prime Minister and those 11 ministers working in ministries there are also two ministers without portfolio:

</doc>
<doc id="36598982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598982" title="Tut-e Lashkaran">
Tut-e Lashkaran

Tut-e Lashkaran (, also Romanized as Tūt-e Lashkarān; also known as Tūt-e Lashgarān) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 254, in 58 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598988" title="Tut-e Safar">
Tut-e Safar

Tut-e Safar (, also Romanized as Tūt-e Şafar) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 168, in 36 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36598998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36598998" title="Jessie Barr">
Jessie Barr

Jessie Barr (born 24 July 1989 in Waterford, Ireland) is an Irish athlete who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 4 × 400 metres relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36599007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599007" title="Tut-e Seyyed Mohammad">
Tut-e Seyyed Mohammad

Tut-e Seyyed Mohammad (, also Romanized as Tūt-e Seyyed Moḩammad) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 280, in 55 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599008" title="Tip It On Back">
Tip It On Back

"Tip It on Back" is a song recorded by American country music artist Dierks Bentley. It was released in August 2012 as the fourth single from his album "Home". The song was written by Ross Copperman, Jon Nite and Tully Kennedy.
Critical reception.
Billy Dukes of "Taste of Country" gave the song four stars out of five, writing that "it’s as if you’re in the singer’s basement watching him jam with a few friendly pickers" and calling it "the most chill three-and-a-half minutes of music on country radio right now." Matt Bjorke of "Roughstock" gave the song a favorable review, saying that "the melody is moody and accentuates Dierks' vocal while also allowing the mandolins and other instrumentals to shine."
Kevin John Coyne of "Country Universe" gave the song a C grade, writing that "Bentley’s engaging enough of a personality and effective enough as a vocalist to keep the proceedings professional and competent the song is just one of those forgettable songs that every time you hear it, it’s just a reminder that it exists."
Music video.
The music video was directed by Wes Edwards and premiered in September 2012. It was filmed at the Georgia Theatre in Athens, Georgia.
Chart performance.
"Tip It on Back" debuted at number 50 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the week of September 1, 2012. It also debuted at number 99 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the week of November 17, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36599031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599031" title="Heinrich Gutkin">
Heinrich Gutkin

Heinrich Gutkin (13 June 1879 – 11 October 1941 Sverdlovsk Oblast) was a trader and the Estonian National Assembly member.
Heinrich Gutkin was a chairman of the Jewish Union Bank in Tallinn, a clothing store owner and a founding member of the Estonian Chamber of Commerce and Industry from 1925 to 1937. He also a chairman of the Jewish Cultural Self-Administration Office and served as a representative on the upper chamber of the national parliament.
Gutkin was arrested by Soviet security services in the 14th June 1941, his property confiscated and was deported to a prison camp in the Soviet Union, where he subsequently died.

</doc>
<doc id="36599042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599042" title="The Repenter">
The Repenter

Il pentito (internationally released as The Repenter and "The Squealer") is a 1985 Italian crime-drama film directed by Pasquale Squitieri. The film is loosely based on actual events involving, among others, pentito Tommaso Buscetta, judge Giovanni Falcone and banker Michele Sindona. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599043" title="Daniel Wagner">
Daniel Wagner

Daniel Wagner (born February 11, 1987) is a German footballer who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers.

</doc>
<doc id="36599044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599044" title="Michelle Carey">
Michelle Carey

Michelle Carey (born 20 March 1981 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish athlete who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 4 × 400 metres relay. The team lost out in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36599047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599047" title="Lakemont (grape)">
Lakemont (grape)

Lakemont is a white table grape, part of the "Three Sisters" group, consisting of Himrod, Lakemont, and Interlaken. All are named after cities in the Finger Lakes region of North America. Lakemont ripens later than the other two "sisters", but it is sweeter and has bigger fruit, and has a slightly different flavor. Some nurseries claim that Lakemont is more productive than both Himrod and Interlaken.

</doc>
<doc id="36599062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599062" title="Isaac Dogboe">
Isaac Dogboe

Isaac Dogboe (born September 26, 1994 in Accra, Ghana) is a London-based amateur boxer in the Bantam division, who fought for his origin country of Ghana at the age of 17 during the 2012 Summer Olympic Games in London. 
He qualified winning silver in the African Olympic Qualifying Event beating Mohamed Bedir (EGY), Emilian Polino (TAN), Ayabonga Sonjica (RSA) and only losing on countback after a 6:6 draw in the final to Aboubakr Lbida (MAR).
In the first round of the 2012 Olympics he faced Satoshi Shimizu of Japan. Ahead on points in the first 2 rounds (4:3, 3:2) he lost the bout after the judges scored round three 5:2 in favour of the Japanese overturning Dogboe’s lead. The verdict was met with vocal displeasure from ringside spectators and was later described as "contentious" and a "mystery decision" by media outlets.

</doc>
<doc id="36599064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599064" title="Simon Köpf">
Simon Köpf

Simon Köpf (born March 25, 1987) is a German footballer who plays as a central defender for TSV Essingen. 
Career.
Köpf began his career with VfR Aalen, and made his debut in March 2007, when he replaced Dennis Hillebrand in a Regionalliga Süd match against Bayern Munich II. He made a further four appearances in the 2006–07 season, and eighteen the following year as Aalen qualified for the new 3. Liga. After failing to make a first-team appearance in the first-half of the season, he signed for Stuttgarter Kickers in January 2009, for whom he made nine appearances but was unable to prevent the club being relegated (along with Aalen). He made 43 appearances over the next two seasons, but missed almost the entire 2011–12 season due to injury: he only made one appearance, as a substitute for Vincenzo Marchese in the last minute of the season, as Kickers celebrated the Regionalliga Süd title with a 2–0 win against Bayern Munich II. He was released by Kickers in July 2013 and signed for TSV Essingen.

</doc>
<doc id="36599078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599078" title="Stars (Superfly &amp; Tortoise Matsumoto song)">
Stars (Superfly &amp; Tortoise Matsumoto song)

"STARS" is a song by Superfly and Tortoise Matsumoto. The first new single from Superfly in nearly a year and her first collaboration since "I Spy I Spy" with JET.
Shiho Ochi of Superfly stated at one point that she always wanted to work with Tortoise Matsumoto of Ulfuls, and when Matsumoto was given the offer to write the theme song for Fuji Television's coverage of the 2012 Summer Olympics, he contacted Ochi to perform a duet with him. The song's theme is "universal love" to match with the global community of the Olympic Games.
In the Oricon's weekly ranking, "STARS" debuted at 15, and on the Japan Hot 100, it peaked at the number 5 spot.

</doc>
<doc id="36599083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599083" title="List of incidents of cannibalism">
List of incidents of cannibalism

Cannibalism, or anthropophagy, is the consumption of human flesh or internal organs by other human beings. Accounts of cannibalism date back as far as Biblical times, and some anthropologists suggest that cannibalism was common in human societies as early as the Paleolithic Era. Historically, numerous tribal societies have reportedly engaged in cannibalism, although very few are thought to continue the practice to this day.
Occasionally, starving people have resorted to cannibalism for survival necessity. Classical antiquity recorded numerous references to cannibalism during siege starvations. More recent well-documented examples include the Donner Party in 1846, and the 1972 Andes flight disaster. Some murderers, such as Albert Fish and Boone Helm, are known to have devoured their victims after killing them. Other individuals, such as artist Rick Gibson and journalist William Seabrook, have legally consumed human flesh out of curiosity, or as an attention-grabbing stunt.

</doc>
<doc id="36599088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599088" title="Catriona Cuddihy">
Catriona Cuddihy

Caitriona Cuddihy (born 5 December 1986 in Kilkenny, Ireland) is an Irish athlete who will compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Women's 4 × 400 metres relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36599092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599092" title="Emam Qaleh-ye Olya">
Emam Qaleh-ye Olya

Emam Qaleh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Emām Qal‘eh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Shāhneshīn-e ‘Olyā (Persian: شاه نشين عليا) and Shāhneshīn-e Bālā) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 284, in 65 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599094" title="Sandrino Braun">
Sandrino Braun

Sandrino Braun (born July 4, 1988) is a German footballer who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers.

</doc>
<doc id="36599139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599139" title="1977–78 Leicester City F.C. season">
1977–78 Leicester City F.C. season

During the 1977–78 English football season, Leicester City F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary.
In the 1977–78 season, Frank McLintock returned to Leicester, this time as a manager. However, he endured a difficult time in charge, as the Foxes went through a spell where they had one win in 26 matches and as a result finished bottom and were relegated back to the second tier after 7 years in the top flight. McLintock was sacked on 5 April and Ian MacFarlane took charge of the team for the final 5 games of Leicester's dismal season.
Final league table.
P = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; F = Goals for; A = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
Results.
"Leicester City's score comes first"
Squad.
[http://www.11v11.com/teams/leicester-city/tab/players/season/1978]

</doc>
<doc id="36599142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599142" title="Marian Heffernan">
Marian Heffernan

Marian Heffernan (born 16 April 1982 in Cork, Ireland) is an Irish athlete who competed at the in the Women's 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Heffernan is fifth in the all-time Irish record books for the women’s 400 metres.She is currently married to Ireland’s renowned Olympic race walker Rob Heffernan.

</doc>
<doc id="36599144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599144" title="Marco Grüttner">
Marco Grüttner

Marco Grüttner (born October 17, 1985) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for VfB Stuttgart II.
Career.
Grüttner began his career playing amateur football in Baden-Württemberg before joining SSV Ulm 1846 of the Regionalliga Süd in 2009. He spent half a season with the club before joining VfR Aalen of the same level, who he helped win the title and promotion to the 3. Liga. He made his debut at this level on July 31, 2010, as a substitute for Elia Soriano in a 2–1 defeat to TuS Koblenz, but only scored once in eighteen appearances in the 2010–11 season. 
In July 2011, Grüttner signed for Stuttgarter Kickers of the Regionalliga Süd, and was the club's top scorer in his first season with the club, as they won the division. He finished as third top scorer of the 2012–13 3. Liga with 18 goals as Kickers survived relegation, finishing 17th.
On 1 July 2013, Grüttner moved to VfB Stuttgart II. He signed on 10 April 2013 a contract until June 2016 with VfB Stuttgart.

</doc>
<doc id="36599161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599161" title="Bani Tak">
Bani Tak

Bani Tak (, also Romanized as Banī Tāk and Bonī Tāk; also known as Binitak, Mentūq, Mintug, and Mintugi) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,336, in 273 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599164" title="Rudding Park House">
Rudding Park House

Rudding Park House is a Grade I listed Regency-style country house in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, England.
It is situated within the Rudding Park estate at Follifoot on the southern outskirts of Harrogate. It is a two-storey building made of ashlar with a Westmorland slate roof, designed in the style of the Wyatts by an unknown architect.
History.
Rudding Park was originally part of the forest of Knaresborough and still retains some of the ancient oak trees. In the early 18th century Rudding was owned in turn by Messrs Williamson of Wetherby, Craddock, James Collins (who enlarged the house and planted avenues in the park) and Thomas Wilson. In 1788 Alexander Wedderburn, Lord Loughborough, the future Lord Chancellor, acquired the estate and called in the garden designer Humphry Repton to remodel the landscape.
In 1805 the estate was purchased by the Hon. William Gordon, who demolished the original house and commissioned the building of the present house in a new location. In 1824 the estate was sold to Sir Joseph Radcliffe, Bt. with the new house still unfinished and he secured architect Robert Chantrell to oversee its completion. London architect A.E. Purdie designed a gothic revival chapel which was added in 1879. Several generations of the Ratcliffe family then occupied the house.
The Granada television series which screened in 1971 called "Seasons of the Year" was filmed here. This consisted of six plays involving the various occupants of the house {called 'Seasons'} over a 150 year period from the Napoleonic wars to the 1970s. In some ways this series was almost a precursor to the later "Brideshead Revisited" where the house was almost a character in its own right. 
In 1972 the estate was acquired by the Mackaness family, who remain the owners to the present day. In recent times the estate has been heavily developed, with the opening of Rudding Holiday Park in 1973 and the use of the house as a conference and banqueting centre in 1987. An 18 hole golf course was opened in 1995 (complete with floodlit driving range) and 250 bedroom hotel adjoining the house in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36599184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599184" title="Borjak-e Naqdali">
Borjak-e Naqdali

Borjak-e Naqdali (, also Romanized as Borjak-e Naqd‘alī; also known as Naqd ‘Alī, Naqd ‘Alī Pā’īn, and Qal‘eh-ye Naqd ‘Alī) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 298, in 53 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599185" title="Söderberg Prize">
Söderberg Prize

The Torsten and Wanja Söderberg Prize is awarded annually to "an active Nordic designer or craftsman". The prize is administered by the Röhsska Museum and is worth 1 million SEK. The money comes from the foundation established by the brothers Torsten and Ragnar Söderberg, founders of the Swedish iron and steel wholesale company Söderberg and Haak.

</doc>
<doc id="36599187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599187" title="Leeds City Council election, 1979">
Leeds City Council election, 1979

Elections to Leeds City Council were held on the same day as the general election, with one third of the council up for election and an additional vacancy in "Garforth North and Barwick". There had also been a by-election in Horsforth for the seat up in this election, with the Conservatives successfully defending it. 
The general election brought out a much higher turnout, with votes cast just over double the average set by the prior elections. The Liberal's fuller slate of candidates for this election gained them a personal best, seemingly mainly at the Conservative's expense. Little advance was made from this, however, with their sole gain confined to winning the earlier mentioned Conservative-held Horsforth seat. Instead, Labour were the night's clear victors, with a total of five gains; four from the Conservatives (Burley, Kirkstall, and "Morley North" and Wortley) and "Hunslet East and West" from the Liberals. 
This returned the council to no overall control, with one seat dividing the Conservatives and Labour.
Election result.
This result has the following consequences for the total number of seats on the Council after the elections:

</doc>
<doc id="36599208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599208" title="Illiesa Toga">
Illiesa Toga

Illiesa Toga is a Fijian former rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
In 1994 Toga played one match for the Western Suburbs Magpies in the NSWRL Premiership. At the end of the year he played for Fiji against France.
In 1995 he was selected by Fiji for the 1995 World Cup. He played in two matches at the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36599211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599211" title="Peter O'Leary (sailor)">
Peter O'Leary (sailor)

Peter O'Leary (born 29 March 1983) in Cork is an Irish sailor. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's Star class alongside David Burrows.

</doc>
<doc id="36599240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599240" title="John Leake (disambiguation)">
John Leake (disambiguation)

John Leake was an English flag officer and politician.
John Leake may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36599243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599243" title="Hajjiabad, Salehabad">
Hajjiabad, Salehabad

Hajjiabad (, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājj Ḩasan Qolī) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 603, in 136 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599245" title="Scott Flanigan">
Scott Flanigan

Scott Flanigan (born 22 December 1992) in Dublin is an Irish sailor, philanthropist and all-round media personality. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 470 class with John "El Gordo" Cronin. He was almost universally known as "Scotty" Flanigan in the 1990s, but in 2000, he allegedly asked to be known as "The Pride of Malahide". In September 2013, he won the inaugural "Zachery Cronin sand castle building" trophy in Ballycotton. Recent achievements within the sport for the "Pride of Malahide" include winning the Lambay Race and the Most Valuable Player award at the UCCSC Anniversary event in September 2013, a feat he describes as a career highlight.
Charity Work.
In January 2014, "The Pride" announced that he would attempt to recreate Saint Brendan's journey from Ireland to America. He will begin the journey on his family yacht in June 2014, and will be joined by a team of celebrities in order to raise awareness for the campaign. As of January 14, the confirmed celebrity sailors joining 'The Pride' are:
On April 2nd, Flanigan announced that he would confirmed that three further celebrities would be joining him on his voyage:
Tapas Addiction.
In May 2014, Flanigan bravely lifted the lid on his addiction to tapas. The problem had remained unknown to his legion of fans until an interview with a Sunday tabloid, for which he was paid a six figure sum. He later said that the wave of public support he has received had been "overwhelming".

</doc>
<doc id="36599249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599249" title="Igor Plotnikov">
Igor Plotnikov

Igor Plotnikov is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S6 events.
Igor travelled with the Russian Paralympic swimming team to two Paralympics games, first in 2004 and then in 2008. At the 2004 games he competed in the 50m freestyle finishing eighth in the final, won silver in the 50m Butterfly despite being the fastest in the heats with a new world record and broke the world record in the heats and final on his way to winning gold in the 100m backstroke. At the 2008 games he was part of the Russian team that finished sixth in the 4x100m medley, he also finished in the same position in the 50m butterfly, failed to make the final of the 400m freestyle but did defend his title in the 100m backstroke

</doc>
<doc id="36599251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599251" title="Hajjiabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Hajjiabad, Torbat-e Jam

Hajjiabad (, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 178, in 44 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599263" title="See the World Given to a One Love Entity">
See the World Given to a One Love Entity

See the World Given to a One Love Entity is the second album from Brooklyn, New York psychedelic rock band Guardian Alien. The album was released in the form of one 37-minute track.
Album cover.
The cover art was done by Turner Williams Jr., who plays shahi baaja on the record. It is said to depict a dream that drummer Greg Fox had. Portions of the cover are reflected in a poem included in the albums packaging, in which he hands a copy of the album to God and finds out he is an alien.
Critical reception.
Upon its release, the album received generally positive reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="36599264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599264" title="Alexey Fomenkov">
Alexey Fomenkov

Alexey Fomenkov is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category SB6 events.
Fomenkov competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing. He set a games record in winning the 100m breaststroke, finished fourth in the 100m backstroke and was part of the Russian 4x50m breaststroke team that was disqualified in the heats. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599267" title="Khvajeh Taun">
Khvajeh Taun

Khvajeh Taun (, also Romanized as Khvājeh Ţā‘ūn; also known as Khvājeh Ţāghūn) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 426, in 94 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599271" title="John Leek">
John Leek

John Leek may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36599276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599276" title="Ger Owens">
Ger Owens

Ger Owens (Gerald, Gerry) born 13 July 1979 in Dublin is an Irish sailor. He competed at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics in the 470 class.

</doc>
<doc id="36599277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599277" title="Yekkeh Tut, Razavi Khorasan">
Yekkeh Tut, Razavi Khorasan

Yekkeh Tut (, also Romanized as Yekkeh Tūt) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 925, in 205 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599290" title="Kal-e Sorkh, Razavi Khorasan">
Kal-e Sorkh, Razavi Khorasan

Kal-e Sorkh (, also Romanized as Kāl-e Sorkh) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 273, in 56 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599293" title="María Álvarez">
María Álvarez

María Álvarez is a paralympic athlete from Spain competing mainly in category T34-35 100m events.
Maria competed as part of the Spanish team at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, there she competed in the 200m where she was disqualified in the heat, in the 100m she won the silver medal behind Caroline Innes of Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="36599300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599300" title="Mikhak">
Mikhak

Mikhak () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36599309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599309" title="Sherman Dam (Nebraska)">
Sherman Dam (Nebraska)

The earthen dam was constructed in 1961 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation with a height of and a length of at its crest. It impounds Oak Creek. The dam was constructed by the Bureau for flood control and irrigation, but is now owned and operated by the local Farwell Irrigation District and the Loup Basin Reclamation District.
The reservoir it creates, Sherman Reservoir, has a water surface of , surrounded by of land. It has a maximum capacity of about 69,000 acre-feet (). Recreation includes fishing, hunting, boating via multiple marinas and boat ramps, camping, and hiking. The northern shore borders the Sherman Reservoir State Recreational Area. 
Primitive camping includes 360 non-pad sites. Facilities include picnic tables, shelters, water, dumpstation, modern restrooms, vault toilets, four boat ramps, fish cleaning stations, coin-operated showers and concession. Cabin rental and RV camping pads are available.
Sherman Reservoir is a popular fishing location in central Nebraska. The most popular species sought by anglers are walleye, crappie, catfish, white bass, and northern pike. Fishing typically begins in March when northern pike can be caught in the shallow waters of coves and bays. Fishing for walleye during their April spawning period is very popular. Walleye fishing usually peaks in May-June. White bass fishing typically has two peaks—one in April-May and the second peak in mid-summer. Crappie catches are excellent in May as the reservoir fills and flooded habitat is available in the coves and bays. Ice-fishing for crappie and walleye can also be productive over submerged cover or habitat. Channel catfish provide good angling opportunities throughout the summer months, and large flathead catfish provide the possibility for trophy-sized fish.

</doc>
<doc id="36599319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599319" title="Battle of Khalkhyn Temple">
Battle of Khalkhyn Temple

The Battle of Khalkhyn Temple (Mongolian: Халхын сүмийн мөргөлдөөн) or The of 1935 was one of the border conflicts between the Soviet Union, Mongolia and Japan which occurred from 1932 to 1939. The incident took place on the border of Manchukuo and Mongolia near the Buddhist temple of Khalkhyn (Temple of Khalkha), located northeast of Buir Lake in present-day Inner Mongolia, China. Scores of the cavalry of the Mongolian People's Army engaged with patrol units of the Manchukuo Imperial Army and Japanese soldiers.
Reactions.
This incident created great tension between Mongolia and Japan, with the death of a high ranked Japanese officer. This incident was the first of many Mongolian/Soviet-Japanese border conflicts.

</doc>
<doc id="36599321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599321" title="1976 Summer Olympics torch relay">
1976 Summer Olympics torch relay

The 1976 Summer Olympics torch relay celebrated the first time that a Canadian city had hosted the Games. Convention states that the flame should be lit at Olympia in Greece and then transported to Athens, making its way onwards to the host city. On this occasion a signal was sent via satellite to transmit the flame to Ottawa where it would then make its way to the 1976 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in Montreal and a second ceremony in Kingston, Ontario.
Relay elements.
Torch.
The torch was primarily made of aluminium and weighed 836 grams. It was fuelled by olive oil in part to further strengthen the link to the Greek origins of the events.
Torch-bearers.
There were around 1,214 torch-bearers who travelled a combined total of 775 km through Greece and Canada. For the section of the relay within Canada there were more than 4,000 applicants for just over 700 positions. Various criteria were enforced to ensure the quality of the runners, including the ability to run a kilometre in five minutes or less. For the first time a computer was used to select the torch-bearers based on these criteria. Unsuccessful candidates were encouraged to escort the torch-bearer during their run.
All torch-bearers were sent a copy of the "Flame Bearer's Guide" several months before they were due to participate which gave specific details about how they should carry the torch and how to transfer the flame.
Route.
The Canadian Olympic Committee considered retracing the route taken by the country's discoverer, Jacques Cartier, but decided that this would be too similar to the 1968 Summer Olympics torch relay held in Mexico. They instead chose a route that would allow a significant number of athletes to participate at the same time while getting the flame from its home in Greece to the cauldron in Montreal in just five days.
The flame was lit in Olympia before progressing through several Greek cities, finishing the first leg of the journey in Athens. The distance between Athens and the final destination in Canada would normally have mandated transportation across the sea. However, the Canadian Olympic Committee had a more innovative solution. The Olympic Flame was placed in front of a sensor that detects ionised particles and was then encoded into impulses and sent via satellite to Ottawa. The arrival of the signal activated a laser that recreated the Olympic Flame in a 90 cm urn in the Canadian city.
Lighting of the cauldron.
For the first time in the history of the torch relay two athletes lit the cauldron. The two final torch-bearers, Stéphane Préfontaine and Sandra Henderson, were 16 and 15 years old, respectively. There were erroneous reports of the pair getting married soon after their role in the ceremony.
Continuation of the relay.
Though the flame had reached the Olympic Stadium and was used to mark the opening of the Games the relay actually continued to a second venue. Many sailing and yachting events were going to be held in Kingston, Ontario and the flame was taken there using a variety of unusual transportation methods. The torches were carried to the city on horseback, bicycle, and canoes as well as the more traditional running relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36599334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599334" title="Mikhak, Salehabad">
Mikhak, Salehabad

Mikhak (, also Romanized as Mīkhak; also known as Mīkh-e Khar) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 385, in 70 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599342" title="Naqdali-ye Olya">
Naqdali-ye Olya

Naqdali-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Naqd‘alī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Naqd‘alī-ye Bālā) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 328, in 65 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599351" title="Naqdali-ye Sofla">
Naqdali-ye Sofla

Naqdali-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Naqd‘alī-ye Soflá; also known as Naqd‘alī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 401, in 90 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599354" title="Implosions">
Implosions

Implosions is the second album by composer Stephan Micus, released in 1977 through JAPO Records.
Reception.
The AllMusic review by Michael P. Dawson simply states, "These pieces for various ethnic instruments are all played by Micus".

</doc>
<doc id="36599363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599363" title="Houston Jail">
Houston Jail

The Houston Jail is a historic jail building in Houston, Winston County, Alabama. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 5, 1975.
History.
The building is the only known surviving log jail in the state and the only public building surviving from the time that the county seat was located in Houston. It is believed by architectural historians to have been built circa 1868, when the now destroyed courthouse is known to have been constructed. Houston was made the seat in 1858, but the minutes from a grand jury meeting in 1867 reported the need to build a courthouse and a jail. The county seat was moved to Double Springs in 1884, resulting in Houston shrinking to the small unincorporated community that it is today.
It was converted into a residence for the poor in 1933, with the original split shake roof replaced with one of galvanized metal at this time. The roof has since been restored back to shake.
Architecture.
The jail is built of large squared logs joined by half notched corners. It measures with a front gabled roof. The interior is divided into two rooms with an interlocking log wall. A full raised foundation of fieldstone supports the structure. The interior of the cell features continuous boards, turned at right angles to the logs and secured in place with wooden nails to prevent prisoners from sawing their way out. Likewise, the ceiling is formed by closely spaced logs and the floor is plank over similarly spaced logs. The small square windows originally featured meshed iron bars. The original door was made of three solid layers of plank boards laid at angles to one another.

</doc>
<doc id="36599366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599366" title="Naqdali">
Naqdali

Naqdali () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36599371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599371" title="Padeh-ye Jan Morad">
Padeh-ye Jan Morad

Padeh-ye Jan Morad (, also Romanized as Padeh-ye Jān Morād) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 426, in 86 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599394" title="Lisvane (CAC) Tennis Club">
Lisvane (CAC) Tennis Club

Lisvane (CAC) Tennis Club is a tennis club based in Lisvane, Cardiff, Wales. Lisvane Tennis Club amalgamated with the tennis section of Cardiff Athletic Club in 2003 to form the Lisvane (CAC) Tennis Club. It has its headquarters at Cardiff Arms Park.
History.
Tennis was first played on Cardiff Arms Park in 1867. The tennis and bowls sections joined with the existing rugby and cricket sections of CAC in the mid-twenties. Ladies Hockey, Baseball and Golf sections joined the CAC in the thirties and Cardiff Hockey Club joined the CAC after World War II. The Tennis section along with the cricket section moved to Sophia Gardens in 1966, and after the Sophia Gardens ground was sold to Glamorgan County Cricket Club in 1998. The tennis section then had no fixed site until in 2003 they amalgamated with Lisvane Tennis Club and moved to a new permanent location in 2003 and became Lisvane (CAC) Tennis Club. Lisvane (CAC) Tennis Club forms the tennis section of Cardiff Athletic Club.
Facilities.
In April 2004, Lisvane (CAC) Tennis Club built of a new clubhouse, opened by the then Cardiff Athletic Club President, Bleddyn Williams. The club has three tennis courts which are up to LTA standards.

</doc>
<doc id="36599396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599396" title="Qonqor">
Qonqor

Qonqor () is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599404" title="Qosheh Tut">
Qosheh Tut

Qosheh Tut (, also Romanized as Qosheh Tūt) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 662, in 161 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599409" title="Dragoș Agache">
Dragoș Agache

Dragoș Agache (; born March 8, 1984 in Brăila) is a Romanian swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events. He set a new Romanian record of 27.47 to collect a silver medal in the 50 m breaststroke at the 2010 European Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary.
Agache qualified for the men's 100 m breaststroke at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, by clearing a FINA B-cut of 1:01.19 from the World Championships in Shanghai, China. He challenged seven other swimmers on the third heat, including two-time Olympians Martin Liivamägi of Estonia and Carlos Almeida of Portugal. He rounded out the field to last place by less than 0.14 of a second behind Poland's Dawid Szulich and Israel's Imri Ganiel in 1:02.93. Agache failed to advance into the semifinals, as he shared a thirty-seventh place tie with four-time Olympian Malick Fall of Senegal on the first day of preliminaries. 
Agache is a former member of the swimming team for the Iowa Hawkeyes, and a graduate of management information systems at the University of Iowa in University Heights, Iowa (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="36599412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599412" title="Rahimabad, Salehabad">
Rahimabad, Salehabad

Rahimabad (, also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599422" title="Rahimabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Rahimabad, Torbat-e Jam

Rahimabad (, also Romanized as Raḩīmābād) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 466, in 95 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599429" title="Sar Ab, Torbat-e Jam">
Sar Ab, Torbat-e Jam

Sar Ab (, also Romanized as Sar Āb) is a village in Qaleh Hamam Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 122, in 30 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599448" title="Abbasabad-e Kheyrabad">
Abbasabad-e Kheyrabad

Abbasabad-e Kheyrabad (, also Romanized as ʿAbbāsābād-e Kheyrābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 105, in 20 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599451" title="Aleksandr Butko">
Aleksandr Butko

Career.
Aleksandr Butko (born 18 March 1986 in Grodno) is a setter who plays for Lokomotiv Novosibirsk and is also in the Russian Olympic men's volleyball team.

</doc>
<doc id="36599456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599456" title="Cheshmeh Teymuri">
Cheshmeh Teymuri

Cheshmeh Teymuri (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Teymūrī, Cheshmeh-ye Teymūrī, Chashmeh-i-Timūri, and Cheshmeh Teimoori) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 238, in 56 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599462" title="A Walk in Wolf Wood">
A Walk in Wolf Wood

A Walk in Wolf Wood: A Tale of Fantasy and Magic is an English children's fantasy novel written by Mary Stewart, and published in 1980. Stewart tells the story of a sister and brother in 20th-century England, who travel to 14th-century England when they follow a weeping man into Wolf Wood. In the past, they help to rescue a kindhearted werewolf.
"A Walk in Wolf Wood" is Mary Stewart's 18th novel, and her third children's novel. In 1996, Stewart was awarded the Malice Domestic Award for Lifetime Achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="36599465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599465" title="Derakht-e Tut, Razavi Khorasan">
Derakht-e Tut, Razavi Khorasan

Derakht-e Tut (, also Romanized as Derakht-e Tūt and Derakht Tūt) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 453, in 94 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599476" title="Namyang">
Namyang


</doc>
<doc id="36599485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599485" title="Feyzabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Feyzabad, Torbat-e Jam

Feyzabad (, also Romanized as Feyẕābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 238, in 66 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599512" title="Hemmatabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Hemmatabad, Torbat-e Jam

Hemmatabad (, also Romanized as Hemmatābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 436, in 101 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599528" title="Kal Aqayeh-ye Olya">
Kal Aqayeh-ye Olya

Kal Aqayeh-ye Olya (, also Romanized as Kāl Āqāyeh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Kāl Āqāyeh) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 307, in 70 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599537" title="2012–13 ABA League">
2012–13 ABA League

The 2012–13 ABA League is the 12th season of the ABA League, with 14 teams from Serbia, Slovenia, Montenegro, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia and Hungary participating in it. This is the first time a team from Macedonia, MZT Skopje, and a team from Hungary, Szolnoki Olaj are taking part in this regional league, and the fourth time since the league's creation that team that is not from the former Yugoslavia participates in it. It will also be for the first time that two best teams ABA League gain automatic access to the next seasons Euroleague competition, while third placed will gain wild card to Euroleague qualification round.
Regular season will start on September 29, 2012, and it will last until March 23, 2013. 2012–13 ABA League Final Four will be held in Laktaši Sports Hall, Laktaši.
Regular season.
The regular season began on September 29, 2012, and it will end on March 23, 2013.
Schedule and results.
Source:
Final four.
Matches in, Laktaši Sports Hall, Laktaši, Bosnia and Herzegovina
on 25 and 27 April 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36599543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599543" title="Liu Ding">
Liu Ding

Liu Ding (simplified Chinese: 刘鼎; born 1976, Changzhou, Jiangsu Province) is a Chinese artist and curator based in Beijing. Liu’s artistic practices range from installation, painting, photography, and theatre set design and production, whereas his professional skills vary from magazine editorial, television production, and curatorial work.
Exhibitions and Artistic Practices.
Constantly challenging the conventional context of artists’ status, art work, workers involving in the production of art work, galleries and museums, collectors, audiences, and so on, Liu Ding’s creation and reflection are often theoretical and involved with critical thinking. After abandoning formal education and moving to Shanghai, Liu Ding started up Pink Studio in 2001, where he continued his artistic practice. In 2011, he co-founded Office of Art and Theory with Carol Yinghua Lu in Beijing. 
His works have been exhibited in numerous art institutions including the Turner Museum and the Arnolfini Gallery in the UK, the Kunsthalle Wien in Austria, the Astrup Fearnley Museum of Modern Art in Norway, the Sao Paolo National Museum of Art in Brazil, the Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe, Germany, the RasquArt Center in Switzerland, Fondazione Sandretto Re Rebaudengo in Italy, the Seoul Municipal Museum of Art in Korea, the Luggage Store Gallery in San Francisco, USA, the Iberia Center for Contemporary Art in Beijing, the Shanghai Contemporary Museum of Art, and the Guangdong Museum of Art in Guangzhou, China. His conceptual art project "Liu Ding’s Store", begun in 2008, is a continuing project that discusses and presents the various visible and invisible mechanisms in the art system for the formation of value. Liu was chosen in 2009 as a representative of China at the 53rd Venice Biennale. "Little Movements: Self-Practices in Contemporary Art", the project he and Carol Yinghua Lu initiated and curated together, was exhibited at the OCT Contemporary Art Terminal in Shenzhen in September 2011, and will go on an international tour from 2012. He also co-curated the 7th Shenzhen Sculpture Biennale, entitled "Accidental Message: Art is Not a System, Not a World". His first solo exhibition in America opened at the Frye Art Museum in Seattle in July 2012. 
Taking part in "The Tanks: Art in Action" to celebrate the opening of the new space of Tate Modern, Liu Ding was selected to be one of the participant artists for the symposium "Inside/Outside: Materialising the Social" in July 2012, to conduct his first “non-theatrical performance”, "I simply Appear in the Company of…", a non-theatrical performance that involves Mr.Liu, Carol Yinghua Lu, and Marko Daniel, who is a long-term friend of Liu Ding’s and a curator, discussing the artistic and curatorial practice of Liu Ding in the absence of the artist himself. This project will be continued during the Taipei Biennale 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36599548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599548" title="Juan Pío Manzano">
Juan Pío Manzano

Juan Pío Manzano Fajardo (1817–1901) was a Mexican physician and politician, who was born and died in Valladolid, Yucatán. He was governor of Yucatán from 1889 to 1890.

</doc>
<doc id="36599551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599551" title="Houston, Alabama">
Houston, Alabama

Houston is an unincorporated community in Winston County, Alabama. It was the county seat from 1858 until 1884, when the seat was moved to Double Springs. Houston has one site on the National Register of Historic Places, the log Houston Jail.
Geography.
Houston is located at and has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="36599553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599553" title="2012 European Trophy games">
2012 European Trophy games

This is a complete list of the regulation round games for the 2012 European Trophy, a European ice hockey tournament. The regulation round began on 31 July 2012 with the South Division game between Piráti Chomutov–Slovan Bratislava, and will end on 28 November 2012.
For a list of the rivalry games, the extra game for each team, see 2012 European Trophy#Rivalries.
West Division.
Games in Finland are UTC+3, while all other games are UTC+2, except the 28 October game which is UTC+1.
North Division.
Games in Finland are UTC+3, while all other games are UTC+2, except the November games which are UTC+1.
South Division.
Games in Finland are UTC+3, while all other games are UTC+2, except the November game which is UTC+1.
East Division.
Games in Finland are UTC+3, while all other games are UTC+2, except the November games which are UTC+1.

</doc>
<doc id="36599558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599558" title="Whiskey Myers">
Whiskey Myers

Whiskey Myers is an American country music group from Tyler, Texas composed of Cody Cannon, Cody Tate, John Jeffers, Jeff Hogg and Gary Brown. In 2008, they signed with Smith Entertainment and released their debut album, "Road of Life". Their second album, "Firewater", was released by Wiggy Thump in 2011 and debuted in the Top 30 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="36599593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599593" title="Hamzabeyli, Lalapaşa">
Hamzabeyli, Lalapaşa

Hamzabeyli is a village in Lalapaşa town of Edirne Province, Turkey and one of the three border crossing points between Turkey and Bulgaria is situated within here. This border crossing is the newest yet opened between Bulgaria and Turkey in 2006. The counterpart of Hamzabeyli is Lesovo () on the Bulgarian side.
Hamzabeyli border crossing point was previously in use in Ottoman times. But closed after the fall of the empire. By the entry of Bulgaria into EU, the vehicle traffic between Turkey has increased significantly. Therefore making the reopening of a new border crossing point necessary. Hamzabeyli crossing point is mainly aimed for commercial traffic (e.g trucks) but non-commercial (e.g automobile, motorcycle) traffic is also allowed. Hamzabeyli border crossing point features: 
Hamzabeyli border crossing has relatively less traffic than its neighbours, namely Kapıkule and Dereköy—despite its truck traffic. This is because it provides access to mid-Bulgaria where there are no major cities and connecting roads to neighbouring countries. Whereas Kapıkule is closer to Sofia and thus to Western Europe; Dereköy is closer to Burgas and Varna.

</doc>
<doc id="36599596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599596" title="Kariz Khaneh">
Kariz Khaneh

Kariz Khaneh (, also Romanized as Kārīz Khāneh; also known as Kārīz Khān (Persian: كاريزخان), Shāzdeh (Persian: شازده), and Qal‘eh Kārīz) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 125, in 32 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599598" title="Kagayaku Tsuki no Yō ni/The Bird Without Wings">
Kagayaku Tsuki no Yō ni/The Bird Without Wings

"Kagayaku Tsuki no Yō ni" is the theme song for the television show "Summer Rescue". "The Bird Without Wings" is used as the theme song for the upcoming "Ushijima the Loan Shark" film.
"Kagayaku Tsuki no Yō ni" has already charted, so far peaking at 43 on the Japan Hot 100 at, and 26 on Japan's Adult Contemporary Airplay charts.

</doc>
<doc id="36599599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599599" title="Archibald Billing">
Archibald Billing

Archibald Billing FRS (1791-1881) was an English physician and writer on art.
Biography.
He was the son of Theodore Billing of Cromlyn, in the county of Dublin, and was born there on 10 January 1791. He entered Trinity College, Dublin, in 1807, graduated A.B. 1811, M.B. 1814, M.D. 1818, and was incorporated M.D. at Oxford on his Dublin degree on 22 Oct. 1818. He says himself that he spent seven years in clinical study at Irish, British, and continental hospitals before he sought a fee, but about 1815 must have settled in London, was admitted candidate (member) of the College of Physicians on 22 Dec. 1818, and fellow on 22'Dec. 1819. He was censor of the college in 1823, and councillor 1852-5. Billing was long connected with the London Hospital, to which foundation, after having been engfaged in teaching there since 1817, he was elected physician on 2 July 1822. In 1823 he began a course of clinical lectures. He ceased to lecture in 1836, and resigned the post of physician on 4 June 1845. On the foundation of the university of London in 1836, Billing was invited to become a member of the senate, and occupied an influential position on that body for many years. He was also for a considerable time examiner in medicine. He was fellow of the Royal Society, and an active member of many other scientific and medical societies. After a long and distinguished professional career, he retired from practice many years before his death, which occurred on 2 September 1881 at his house in Park Lane.
Billing was a physician of high general culture, and possessed of many accomplishments not professional. His acute and logical intellect served him well in embodying his large experience in a well-known manual, 'The First Principles of Medicine,' which, in its first issue in 1831 hardly more than a pamphlet, grew to a bulky text-book. It was at one time very popular, and ran to six editions, though now almost forgotten. He gave special attention to diseases of the chest, and was among the earliest medical teachers in London to make auscultation, as introduced by Laennec, a part of regular instruction. His original views respecting the cause of the sounds of the heart, which have only partially been accepted, were first put forth in 1832. He restated them in the 'London Medical Gazette' (1840, xxvi. 64), and also in his 'Practical Observations on Diseases of the Lungs and Heart,' a work much less successful than the 'Principles of Medicine.' In all Billing's writings his avowed aim was to base medicine on pathology ; their most striking feature is clearness of thought, and a striving after logical accuracy which sometimes appears overstrained. Beginning as an innovator, he came in the end to be conservative, and was much opposed to what he regarded as the teachings of the German school. He took great interest in art, was himself a fair amateur artist, and a keen connoisseur in engraved gems, coins, and similar objects. On this subject he published an elaborate text-book, illustrated with photographs, which has reached a second edition. Billing was a man of great physical as well as mental activity, and was perhaps the last London physician who occasionally visited his patients on horseback. No portrait of him appears to have been published, except a very poor woodcut in the 'Medical Circular,' 1852.
He is buried in the Kensal Green Cemetery, London.
Works.
He wrote (all published at London in 8vo): 1. 'First Principles of Medicine,' 1st ed. 1831 ; 6th ed. 1868. 2. 'On the Treatment of Asiatic Cholera,' 1st ed. 1848. 3. 'Practical Observations on Diseases of the Lungs and Heart,' 1852. 4. 'The Science of Gems, Jewels, Coins, and Medals, Ancient and Modern,' 1867. Also 'Clinical Lectures,' published in the 'Lancet,' 1831, and several papers, &c., in the medical journals.

</doc>
<doc id="36599609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599609" title="Chris Mears (diver)">
Chris Mears (diver)

Chris Mears (born 7 February 1993) is a British diver and DJ/Producer from Burghfield Common, near Reading, Berkshire. He competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's 3 metre springboard individual and synchro events with his teammate Nicholas Robinson-Baker in the latter. The pair won a silver medal during the 2011 FINA Diving World Series, were placed fourth in the 2010 Commonwealth Games and won a bronze medal during the 2013 Diving World Series in Edinburgh. At the Olympics the pair finished in fifth place, while Mears was ninth in the individual competition.
Mears also participated in the 2012 European Championships, finishing 8th in the 3 m springboard and 5th in the synchro event on the same occasion.
Personal life.
Mears is the son of Paul Mears and stepson of Katy Mears, his biological mother having died from breast cancer when he was a toddler. With this in mind he has been linked with British cancer charity Cancer Research UK, attending annual events and auctioning off a diving lesson for the charity which raised £2,650.
Mears has an older sister, Natalie and a younger brother, Charlie. He currently lives and trains in Leeds. He is in a long-term relationship with Natalie Campbell and in December 2013, Mears tweeted that he and his girlfriend were celebrating 2 years together. Despite his heterosexual orientation, Mears has actively supported athletes being open about homosexuality in sports, posing for Gay Times Magazine in January 2013 with Terrence Higgins Trust and also releasing a press statement in support of his best friend Tom Daley on his official Facebook page in December 2013.
Diving.
Early career.
From a young age, Mears was sent to diving classes at his local club in Reading. Over the years he climbed up the ranks on a national scale and first underlined his potential in 2008, winning the 1m and Platform titles at the British Elite Juniors then claiming three individual medals at the European Junior Championships. He moved to train with elite coach Lindsey Fraser in Southampton's high performance centre alongside Peter Waterfield. In 2008 he also began synchro with Blake Aldridge and individually competed on a world stage at World Junior Championships placing 7th, qualifying for the Youth Olympic Festival.
Injury.
Mears suffered a ruptured spleen in January 2009 while he was training in Sydney, Australia for the Youth Olympic Festival. He was suffering from Glandular Fever but was not displaying the usual symptoms. His organs were squeezed by swelling, and further aggravated by the impact of his dives. This caused his spleen to rupture and resulted in two mini seizures, After losing five pints of blood and being given a 5% chance of survival by doctors upon admission to the hospital, he was told it was likely he would never dive again. For several days he was kept alive by medical intervention and his platelet count was at 2 (low enough for a person to die from a paper cut). Upon discharge, Mears remained in Australia until fit to fly. However his family returned to their hotel room one morning to find him having a seizure on the floor. Mears suffered a 7-hour seizure in total which led to a three-day coma. Usually someone suffering something of this scale would be expected to have suffered irretrievable brain-damage and physical disabilities. Mears, finally came round totally unscathed. He later described arguing with the doctors telling him it was Thursday, that he was certain it was still Monday. Despite being told that he would never dive again, Mears made a slow introduction back into diving, and went on to compete eighteen months later at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in India. He does however still to this day have a trademark 12-inch scar down the middle of his abdomen, curtailing his abdominal movement.
2010.
This year marked Mears's return to the sport after his injury. On a National stage, he competed again with Nicholas Robinson-Baker in synchro, claiming Gold at National Cup and again at National Championships. He miraculously placed 4th with Robinson-Baker at the Commonwealth Games in Delhi, a mere 18 months after his ruptured spleen.
2012.
Having won Gold at National Cup in 2011, and Bronze at British Championships, Mears was in a strong position to be considered for the 2012 Olympic team. 2012 saw him take silver at National Cup and Bronze at British Championships. On June 11, 2012, the British Olympic Association announced that Mears had been selected to represent Great Britain in the 3M springboard and 3M sychro, at the London 2012 Olympic Games. Mears's father, Paul was nominated by the B.O.A to carry the Olympic Torch during the 70-day relay in recognition of the time he spent at his son’s bedside during his severe illness in 2009. Mears made it to the final of the mens 3M springboard, placing 9th. His last dive was scored at 100.70, the highest scored dive of the competition. Mears and Robinson-Baker placed 5th in the sychro.
2013.
Mears did the World Series circuit with partner, Robinson-Baker for synchro and also competed individually. The pair meddled Bronze in Edinburgh and twice in Guadalajara, Mexico. Mears also secured a total of 455.50- fourth position in the individual 3m in Guadalajara, Mexico- his best individual World Series performance to date. Mears and Robinson-Baker ended 2013 ranked 7th best in the world by FINA.
2014.
Mears spent the beginning of the year recovering from an ankle injury at the Team GB Intensive Rehabilitation Facility at Bisham Abbey and so did not commpete at 2014 National Cup in Southend. At the start of the year Mears relocated to Leeds to train alongside his new 3M Springboard partner Jack Laugher. The John Charles Centre for Sport is one of the UK's high performance centres for Diving, and plays host to all 3M competitors competing for the British Diving Team.
Music.
During the recovery period from his brush with death, Mears took up music production as a hobby whilst bed-ridden. He spent a few years working on Electronic Dance Music and House Music in his home-made bedroom studio. In 2012, after the Olympics he signed with Insanity Artists booking agency. His first large scale performance was on 29 May 2013 at Woodstoke Festival supporting Labrinth and Pendulum. In February 2014 Mears released a preview of three new tracks on his Soundcloud page, with more music and festival appearances anticipated later in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36599619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599619" title="Kalateh-ye Abu ol Qasem">
Kalateh-ye Abu ol Qasem

Kalateh-ye Abu ol Qasem (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Abū ol Qāsem; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ab ol Qāsem) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 413, in 92 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599631" title="Kalateh-ye Gows ol Din">
Kalateh-ye Gows ol Din

Kalateh-ye Gows ol Din (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Gows ol Dīn; also known as Kalāteh-ye Qows od Dīn and Kalāteh-ye ʿAbd ol Raḥman) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 16 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599638" title="BioPharm">
BioPharm

BioPharm may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36599644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599644" title="1960 Danish football air crash">
1960 Danish football air crash

On 16 July 1960, after taking off from Copenhagen Airport at 15.38 local time, a de Havilland Dragon Rapide plane, (registration OY-DZY) chartered to the Danish Football Association, crashed into the Øresund about 50 metres from shore after the pilot lost control of the aircraft in severe weather. All eight passengers died; the pilot survived but required a leg amputated.
Footballers.
The plane was carrying eight association football players to Herning Airport for a final trial match at Herning stadium to select the Danish squad for the 1960 Olympic tournament. Three of the eight had been provisionally selected for the squad; the rest were B-team and youth internationals with a last chance to impress the selectors.
The dead were:
Two fishermen found pilot Stig Vindeløv alive in the wreckage, along with Per Funch Jensen, who died en route to hospital.
Second aircraft.
A smaller plane waiting for clearance to take off when the accident occurred was due to carry four other players to the same match: Erik Dyreborg, Hans Christian Andersen, Bent Jørgensen, and Bjarne Eklund. These were all youth players. Dyreborg was demoted from the first plane to make room for a kit basket.
Olympics.
After the accident, the Danish FA considered withdrawing from the Olympic tournament. In the event, they won the silver medal, losing to Yugoslavia in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36599651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599651" title="Kalateh-ye Hajji Rahmat">
Kalateh-ye Hajji Rahmat

Kalateh-ye Hajji Rahmat (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī Raḩmat; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩājjī ‘Abd ol Raḩmān) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599659" title="Welland International Flatwater Centre">
Welland International Flatwater Centre

The Welland International Flatwater Centre is a current canoeing and kayaking facility in Welland and will be used for the 2013 ICF Junior and U23 Canoe Sprint World Championships and 2015 Pan American Games. The facility's renovations are scheduled to be completed in 2013, before the U23 championships begin.
For the Championships and the Pan American Games improvements to the venue will include widening of the canal to bring the venue ip to conditions and meet international standards, and will also see the addition of buildings along the course. The facility's improvements will cost about $10 million Canadian dollars.
The facility has hosted many competitions in many sports among them canoeing, open water swimming and dragon boat racing. After the games the facility will revert to a public use canal.

</doc>
<doc id="36599669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599669" title="Pir Anjiri">
Pir Anjiri

Pir Anjiri (, also Romanized as Pīr Anjīrī; also known as Pīr Anjīr) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 12 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599671" title="John Markham (disambiguation)">
John Markham (disambiguation)

John Markham was an English judge.
John Markham may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36599684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599684" title="Pariabad, Torbat-e Jam">
Pariabad, Torbat-e Jam

Pariabad (, also Romanized as Parīābād; also known as Marīābād) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 21 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599691" title="Suliman al-Reshoudi">
Suliman al-Reshoudi

Judge Suliman Ibrahim al-Reshoudi (; also spelled "Suleiman al-Rushoodi", "Suliaman al-Rashudi", born 
) is a Saudi Arabian human rights lawyer and pro-democracy activist. He was imprisoned in the 1990s,
Legal and human rights career.
Al-Reshoudi is a lawyer who had the status of judge for two decades. He was one of the founding members of the Committee for the Defense of Legitimate Rights (CDLR), created in 1993 during calls by Saudi Arabian intellectuals for reform. He was arrested along with other reformists.
He has represented many prisoners held without charge or trial. In 2006 and 2007, prior to his own arrest during the 2 February 2007 mass arrest, al-Reshoudi helped detainees to try to sue Mabahith over their arbitrary detention by filing cases with the Grievances Board.
Arrests.
1990s.
Al-Reshoudi was detained in the 1990s during an arrest campaign against reformists, including CDLR members.
2007–2011.
Al-Reshoudi was arrested again on 2 February 2007. On 28 November 2007, the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention stated that al-Reshoudi and the other 2 February 2007 detainees were held illegally.
Al-Reshoudi's legal defence team filed a court case in the Grievances Board against the Ministry of Interior/Mabahith on 16 August 2009 on the grounds that the detentions were arbitrary. Eight court sessions were held. Mabahith representatives were officially absent from four of the sessions, including the final session on 28 August 2010.
The eighth (final) session was attended by representatives of ACPRA, the Human Rights First Society, the National Society for Human Rights, and international journalists. Mabahith plainclothes agents were present in the corridors near the courtroom and in the courtroom itself and tried to prevent human rights organisation representatives and journalists from entering the courtroom. ACPRA described the official absence as "contempt of the judiciary".
In January 2011, ACPRA and the Human Rights First Society complained to King Abdullah about the torture of the septuagenarian judge, whose feet were reportedly chained to his bed each night and who was forced to sit up during the day. As of March 2011, he was held in al-Ha'ir Prison.
On 22 November 2011, al-Reshoudi was sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment, to be followed by 15 years' travel ban.

</doc>
<doc id="36599700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599700" title="Shahrak-e Mohammad Hajji">
Shahrak-e Mohammad Hajji

Shahrak-e Mohammad Hajji (, also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Moḩammad Ḩājjī) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. As of the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 23 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599710" title="Sangab, Razavi Khorasan">
Sangab, Razavi Khorasan

Sangab (, also Romanized as Sangāb) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 176, in 36 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599717" title="Albanian Revolt of 1432–36">
Albanian Revolt of 1432–36

The Albanian Revolt of 1432–36 was a series of conflicts between Albanian rebels and the Ottoman Empire during the early period of Ottoman rule in the region. Prompted by the replacement of large parts of the local nobility with Ottoman landowners, centralized governance and the Ottoman taxation system, the population and the nobles, led principally by Gjergj Arianiti, revolted against the Ottomans.
During the early phases of the revolt, many land (timar) holders were killed or expelled. As it spread, the nobles, whose holdings had been annexed by the Ottomans returned to join the revolt and attempts to form alliances with the Holy Roman Empire were initiated. While the leaders of the revolt were successful in defeating successive Ottoman campaigns, they failed to capture many important towns of the sanjak of Albania. Protracted sieges like that of Gjirokastër, capital of the sanjak, gave the Ottoman army time to assemble large forces from other parts of the empire and to subdue the main revolt by the end of 1436. Ottoman forces conducted a number of massacres in the aftermath of the revolt.
After the revolt had largely been suppressed, those who accepted Ottoman suzerainty were initially allowed to retain their holdings and partial autonomy. Many timars were also granted to local Albanians holding high posts of the administration, especially during the rule of Jakub Muzaka and Skanderbeg. Throughout the pacification process, various primarily rural areas were still in revolt and new rebellions erupted, like that of Teodor Korona Muzaka in 1437. As the empire further extended its area of rule in the Balkans, centralization attempts and the replacement of local timar holders with Ottoman landowners resumed. These policies would lead in part to the formation of the League of Lezhë under Skanderbeg in 1444, and a new era in the Ottoman–Albanian wars.
Background.
Gradually in the late 14th and early 15th century the Ottoman empire defeated local Albanian principalities, forming the sanjak of Albania as an administrative division of the empire. As part of the Timar system the local feudal lords were largely replaced with Ottomans from Anatolia. The cadastral survey (defter) of 1431–1432 indicates that about 75% to 80% of the timars were granted to Ottoman Muslim spahis (feudal cavalry), while the remainder and especially remote areas, which were not under full Ottoman control, were granted to Albanian spahis, both Christian and Muslim. The replacement of the existing nobility with the timar system led to conflicts, as a result of which many rural areas were not under complete Ottoman rule.
Under the previous taxation code, farmers were required to pay a tenth of their seasonal agricultural output, 1 ducat and 4 groshe (two-ninths of a ducat) to their lords. The Ottoman system aimed towards revenue increase to support military expenses, thus new taxes were imposed and existing ones were altered. In addition to 1/10 of agrarian production Muslim convert families were required to pay 22 akçe (~0.6 ducats) to the timar holders, while non-Muslim families had to pay 25 akçe (~0.7 ducats). Both groups were subject to additional taxes including the avarız, an annual cash tax that affected households registered to the cadasters. Non-Muslims were also required to pay 45 akçe (~1.3 ducats) as part of the jizya and had to supply regularly the Ottoman state with young recruits in accordance with the devşirme, which required the enlistment of young males in the Ottoman army and their conversion to Islam.
Consequently, the changes in property rights, relations between feudal lords and peasants, the taxation system and the enactment of devşirme resulted in further resistance. As changes affecting both nobles and peasants were principally implemented through registration in the cadastral survey, many families tried to avoid becoming registered in the 1431–2 survey and took refugee in mountainous areas, while the nobility prepared for armed conflict.
Revolt.
The revolt began in 1432 when Andrea Thopia defeated a small Ottoman force in central Albania. His victory encouraged the other leaders and the revolt spread throughout Albania. Later that year the Ottomans lost control of the central seaport of Vlorë. Gjergj Arianiti, who was living at the Ottoman court as a hostage, was called by rebels to lead the revolt in his family's domains. In response, he fled from Edirne and returned to Albania. In the winter of 1432, Sultan Murat II gathered around 10.000 troops under Ali Bey, who marched along the Via Egnatia and reached the central valley of Shkumbin, where he was ambushed and defeated by forces under Gjergj Arianiti. His victory prompted the Albanians in the area of Gjirokastër to call upon Depë Zenebishi, who had settled in his estates in Corfu after the Ottoman conquest of the Principality of Gjirokastër, to lead the rebels in the south. After spreading the revolt in nearby areas including Këlcyrë, Zagorie and Pogon his forces besieged the southern city of Gjirokastër, capital of the sanjak of Albania. At nearby Këlcyrë the rebels captured the castle, but the concurrent siege of Gjirokastër was prolonged and Turahan Bey attacked and defeated the troops that surrounded the city in early 1433. Zenebishi himself was captured and executed.
In the summer of 1433 an army led by Sinan Pasha, beylerbey of Rumelia, pillaged the areas of Kanina and Yannina and moved northwards, where they subdued the rebels in the domains of Gjon Kastrioti, who was reduced again to vassal status, while his son Skanderbeg, who was also called to join the revolt, remained in Ottoman service in Anatolia. In August 1433, the senate of Venice convened to evaluate the situation and deemed that the revolt posed a threat to the Venetian territories in the region too. However, by the end of October they reevaluated the crisis and rejected the deployment of a war galley to the Venetian colonies. In northern Albania Nicholas Dukagjini captured territories of the pre-Ottoman Principality of Dukagjini and besieged and captured Dagnum. Dukagjini then tried to ally himself with Venice by offering to accept Venetian suzerainty and granting them control of Dagnum. However, Venice refused any kind of involvement in his plan and the revolt in general. Dukagjini was not aware that Hasan Bey, the Ottoman governor of Dagnum, had requested Venetian assistance after his defeat. As Venice did not want to provoke Ottoman hostility, the captain of Shkodër (Scutari) was ordered to assist Hasan Bey in recapturing Dagnum. Arms were subsequently sent to the garrison of Lezhë (Alessio) and by 1435 the fort had been returned to Ottoman control. In central Albania, Andrea Thopia unsuccessfully besieged the castle of Krujë, while in the region of Vlorë the siege of the fort of Kaninë began. Vlorë was lost to the Ottomans as early as May 1432, but must have been recovered by May 1434 as contemporary Venetian documents mention an Ottoman official (subaşi) stationed there at that time.
Another Ottoman army was assembled in Manastir in the summer of 1434. Again under the command of Sinan Pasha, this Ottoman expedition was defeated by Gjergj Arianiti in south-central Albania in August 1434. After his defeat, all beys of the territories bordering Albania were ordered to gather their forces and attack the rebels. In December 1434 Ishak Bey, sanjakbey of Üsküb marched into south-central Albania but was defeated by Gjergj Arianiti. Contemporary sources from the senate of Ragusa mention that many Ottoman soldiers were captured, while Ishak Bey escaped with a small group. In April 1435, Arianiti defeated another Ottoman campaign and hostilities virtually ceased until the beginning of 1436, as Murat II's military efforts were focused against Ibrahim of Karaman in Anatolia. At the end of 1435 reports of the Ragusan senate assessed the situation as calm and noted that the belligerents had retreated to their respective territories.
During the revolt many attempts were made to form an anti-Ottoman coalition including the Holy Roman Empire. Pope Eugene IV requested troops to be send to assist the revolt and tried to gather funds. In 1435, Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund of Luxemburg sent Fruzhin, a Bulgarian nobleman, and in early 1436 Daud, a pretender to the Ottoman throne, to negotiate the possibility of a coalition with the rebels. However, by mid-1436 a large force under Turahan Bey had been assembled. Despite the military victories the rebel leaders acted autonomously without a central leadership, the lack of which contributed greatly to their final defeat. Turahan's forces eventually subdued the revolt and marched through Albania, committing widespread massacres of civilians.
Aftermath.
In order to stabilize Ottoman authority, Murat II appointed native Albanians like Jakub Muzaka and Skanderbeg to high positions within the sanjak of Albania. The nobles who accepted Ottoman overlordship were granted their pre-Ottoman holdings and border estates as well as a degree of autonomy, while others were exiled or continued warring. In 1436–37, rebels were active in the regions of Gjirokastër and Vlorë and Teodor Korona Muzaka led a revolt in the region of Berat. As many rebels used Venetian territories like Shkodër and Parga as bases to launch raids into Ottoman territory, representatives of Mehmed II asked the Venetians to outlaw their activity in October 1436.
As Ottoman rule in the Balkans expanded, Albanian timar holders and officials were once again replaced with Anatolian ones. The "status quo ante bellum" policies of the Ottomans gradually led to the formation of the League of Lezhë under Skanderbeg in 1444 and the beginning of a new era in the Ottoman-Albanian wars.

</doc>
<doc id="36599725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599725" title="Saqar Cheshmeh-ye Sofla">
Saqar Cheshmeh-ye Sofla

Saqar Cheshmeh-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Şaqar Cheshmeh-ye Soflá and Şaghar Cheshmeh-ye Soflá; also known as Saqar Cheshmeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599759" title="Shurestan-e Olya, Razavi Khorasan">
Shurestan-e Olya, Razavi Khorasan

Shurestan-e Olya (, also Romanized as Shūrestān-e ‘Olyā; also known as Shūrestān, Shūrestān Bālā, Shūrestān-e Bālā, Shūristān Bālā) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 927, in 206 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599794" title="Shurestan-e Sofla, Razavi Khorasan">
Shurestan-e Sofla, Razavi Khorasan

Shurestan-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Shūrestān-e Soflá; also known as Shūrestān-e Pā’īn, Shūrestān Pā’āin, Shūristān Pāīn) is a village in Salehabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 539, in 116 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36599798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599798" title="Edward Howell (cellist)">
Edward Howell (cellist)

Edward Howell, FRAM (5 February 1846 – 1898) was a British cellist and music professor of the late 19th century. He studied cello at the Royal Academy of Music in London later becoming professor of cello at the Royal College of Music, the Royal Academy of Music and the Guildhall School of Music in London.
Early life.
Edward Howell was born in St. Pancras, London, England in 1846. He studied cello at the Royal Academy of Music where he was taught by Piatti.
Playing career.
Howell became a member of the Italian Opera Orchestra and from 1872 of the Covent Garden Theatre orchestra. He played regularly at festivals and concerts both in London and throughout the provinces becoming well known as a soloist and quartet player. He was a member of the Philharmonic Society and for many years principal cellist in its orchestra – holding the same position in the Leeds Festival orchestra from 1880; he was also principal cellist at the Three Choirs Festivals and in the Queen's Band. He appeared at The Crystal Palace concerts for the first time on 27 October 1883 as the soloist in Georg Goltermann's third cello concerto. In 1892 he was one of the three cellists who played in the premiere of Popper's "Requiem for Three Cellos and Orchestra" (Op. 66) along with the composer and Jules Delsart.
His cello was a Montagnana made in 1747.
Academic career.
Howell was Musician in Ordinary to the Queen. He was professor of cello at the Royal College of Music from 1884 to 1898; he also taught at the Royal Academy of Music and the Guildhall School of Music. Amongst his pupils were the cellists W. H. Squire and Hebert Walenn. In 1879 he published "A First book for the Violoncello" which was an arranged version of the treatise on cello playing technique originally written by Romberg in 1842.
Death.
He died in 1898 in St. Pancras, London, England, UK aged 51.

</doc>
<doc id="36599808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599808" title="Christopher Mears">
Christopher Mears

Christopher Mears may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36599833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599833" title="A. W. Sheldon">
A. W. Sheldon

Alvanus Warner "A. W." Sheldon (c. 1842 – January 31, 1884) was an American jurist who served as Associate Justice of the Arizona Territorial Supreme Court from 1883 till his death in 1884.
Background.
Sheldon was born in Granville, Ohio to Paul Warner Sheldon Jr. and his second wife, Eliza (Howell) Sheldon, in 1842 or early 1843. He was educated in local public schools and attended Denison University.
With the outbreak of the American Civil War, Sheldon enlisted as a private for three months in the 17th Ohio Infantry. At the completion of his initial enlistment he joined the 45th Ohio Infantry. Sheldon was commissioned as a captain on October 13, 1864. The remainder of the war he spent as a staff officer for a number of commanding officers, "having been severely wounded in battle and incapacitated for active field service". At the end of hostilities he was assigned to Richmond, Virginia as Commissary of Subsistence of Virginia. Sheldon achieved the brevet rank of lieutenant colonel on March 13, 1865 and left the military on March 20, 1866.
Following the war Sheldon moved to New York City where he studied law. On his application for the Arizona bench he indicated he graduated from the "Columbia College Law School" but the Columbia University records do not show him receiving a degree. By 1875 Sheldon had been admitted to the bar and was practicing law at the firm of Lockwood, Sheldon & Lockwood. While in New York, Sheldon served as Judge Advocate for the New York State Militia, participated in veteran's organizations, and was an attorney for the Prison Association of New York.
By 1880 problems from his war wounds became bad enough that he sought relief by moving south in hope of a more beneficial climate. To assist in this efforts, Sheldon's friends found him a job as editor of the Sunday "Baltimore Herald". While in Baltimore, Sheldon was recommended by William Pinkney Whyte for a judicial appointment. This recommendation was then endorsed by Ulysses S. Grant, Roscoe Conkling, and prominent members of the New York and Baltimore legal profession. In the recommendation, Sheldon's friends noted he had "lately been addicted" to the newspaper business and wished to leave it.
President Chester A. Arthur nominated Sheldon to replace Wilson W. Hoover as Associate Justice on the Arizona Territorial Supreme Court on March 30, 1883. At the time of the appointment, Sheldon's physicians were recommending he undergo surgery in New York before traveling to Arizona. Sheldon was concerned about the expected recovery time and instead chose to leave for the territory immediately, arriving to take his oath of office on May 15, 1833. Upon his arrival, he settled in Tucson, Arizona Territory and was assigned to Graham, Pima, and Pinal counties. In September 1883, Sheldon traveled to San Francisco, California and underwent a series of three operations to his hip and thigh.
On November 5, 1883, Sheldon presided over Graham county's first district court session. This was followed on January 7, 1884 by his joining with Chief Justice Charles G. W. French and Justice Daniel H. Pinney for a session of the Arizona Territorial Supreme Court. While court records indicate that Sheldon "rendering decision" on several cases, the only surviving decision is a concurrence with Justice Pinney's decision in "Dawson v. Lail", (1884) 1 Arizona 490.
Following the Supreme Court session, Sheldon traveled to San Francisco for additional medical treatment. While there he died on January 31, 1884 in the Palace Hotel. There he was provided a funeral by a local veteran's association.

</doc>
<doc id="36599837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599837" title="Giorgia Campana">
Giorgia Campana

Giorgia Campana (born 16 May 1995) is an Italian artistic gymnast. She competed for her country at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Senior career.
2011.
In May, Campana competed at the Italian Championships in Meda, Italy. She placed eighth in the all around competition with a score of 51.450. 
In October, Campana competed at the World Championships in Tokyo, Japan. She contributed scores of 13.533 on uneven bars and 13.700 on balance beam towards the Italian team's ninth place finish.
2012.
In March, Campana competed at the City of Jesolo Trophy in Jesolo, Italy. She contributed an all around score of 54.850 toward the Italian team's second place finish. 
In May, Campana competed at the European Championships in Brussels, Belgium. In the team final, she scored 14.233 on the uneven bars which helped the Italian team win the bronze medal. 
In June, Campana competed at the Italian Championships in Catania, Italy. In event finals, she won the gold medal on uneven bars with a score of 14.200.
London Olympics.
At the end of July, Campana competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom. In the team final, she contributed an uneven bars score of 13.900 toward the Italian team's seventh place finish.

</doc>
<doc id="36599848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599848" title="Granada Theatre (Sherbrooke)">
Granada Theatre (Sherbrooke)

The Granada Theatre () is a theatre in Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada.
The Granada Theatre was listed as a National Historic Site of Canada on June 5, 1996.
The building was designed in the Spanish Revival style by Daniel J. Crighton with its interior decor by prolific theatre decorator Emmanuel Briffa.
History.
It was built as an atmospheric theatre in 1928 by "United Amusement Corporation Limited", a subsidiary of "Famous Players". It was inaugurated on January 18, 1929.
During the 1970s, the opening of movie theatres in shopping centers in suburban areas are made at the expense of the existing downtown movie theaters. Film showings became increasingly rare.
In 1998, the city of Sherbrooke bought the theater in order to protect the building.

</doc>
<doc id="36599889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599889" title="Antoni Tomiczek">
Antoni Tomiczek

Antoni Tomiczek (November 13, 1915 – November 19, 2013) was a Polish pilot of World War II.
Short Biography.
Tomiczek was born in Pstrążna in Silesia. His parents were Francis Tomiczek (an employee of the Coal Mine in Rydułtowy) and his wife Marianna (née Szymiczek). From 1922–1930 he attended school in Pstrążna. After graduating, he joined the School of Infantry NCOs to minors in Konin. He took part in addressing Zaolzie in October 1938. Immediately after, he was directed to the course instructors to Warsaw (theoretical) and Radom (practical training). November 20, 1946, the Antoni Tomiczek ended his service in the Polish Air Force to the extent Polish and English Ensign Warrant Officer. He decided to return to the country and on May 12, 1947, for the first time in many years, he stood on Polish soil in Gdansk. He returned to Upper Silesia, in the homeland. He later belonged to the Association of South Polish Airmen in Jaworzno and Senior Aviation Club in Katowice. For actions in combat during World War II he was twice awarded the Cross of Valour and the Medal of the Yugoslav Medalja "Smrt fasizmu – Sloboda of the Nation," while the war and the Knight's Cross of Merit Officer's Cross of the Polish Revival and the Order of Merit for the Katowice Province. 
Sources (Polish language).
1. GimnazjumLyski.pl
2. Katowice.Gazeta.pl
3. Lokalna24.pl
4. Polishairforce.pl

</doc>
<doc id="36599920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599920" title="Hope Crisp">
Hope Crisp

Hope Crisp (6 February 1884 - 25 March 1950), was an English tennis player. With Agnes Tuckey he was the first winner of the Wimbledon mixed doubles in 1913. 
Education.
Educated at Queen Elizabeth's School, Barnet, he went up to Cambridge where he captained the University tennis team.
1913.
In the 1913 Wimbledon Championships, he won with Agnes Tuckey the first mixed doubles final at Wimbledon in an unusual fashion - one of their opponents Ethel Thomson Larcombe was struck in the eye by her partner's miss-hit smash and unable to continue the match. The incident occurred when the second set was 5-3 for Crisp and Tuckey, the first having been won by the opposing pair of James Cecil Parke and Mrs Larcombe. In the 1914 Wimbledon Championships Crisp and Tuckey were the losing semi-finallists.
1915.
During the First World War, he received a commission in The Duke of Wellington's (West Riding) Regiment. In April 1915 while attached to the Royal Warwickshire Regiment, he was wounded at Hill 60 near Ypres and his right leg was amputated.
1919.
However, with a prosthesis, he returned to Wimbledon to play in the 1919 Championships with Mrs Perrett, losing in the second round after a bye in the first. "The Times" wrote;
"It was interesting to see how he managed. He is a strong volleyer and naturally half volleys many balls which a two-legged player would drive. The artificial leg is the right; accordingly service is fairly easy and when there is no hurry, he walks with a fair speed, approaching a run. Other times, he hops. His cheerful temperament makes the game a real pleasure to himself and others."
1923.
After the war, Captain Hope Crisp was employed as a Regional Awards Officer for the Ministry of Pensions; for this work he received an award of the OBE in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="36599985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599985" title="Mash It Up">
Mash It Up

"Mash It Up" or alternative title "Fuck Shit Up" (sometimes "F*@k S#*t Up") produced by Greg Stainer & UnderGround Procedures (UGP) is a 2011 single by Canadian artist Karl Wolf from his 2012 album "Finally Free". The single released in 2011 is the second single from the album "Finally Free" and a follow-up of the initial single "Ghetto Love". The single was released in two titles, "Fuck Shit Up" and the "clean" radio-friendly version "Mash It Up".
Charts.
The single reached #28 in the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 and was certified gold on March 26, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36599986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599986" title="Killing Me Softly (novel)">
Killing Me Softly (novel)

Killing Me Softly is a psychological thriller by Nicci French from 1999.
Synopsis.
Alice Loudon, a pharmaceutical researcher who lives in London, leaves her boyfriend Jake to marry Adam Tallis, a mountain climber she only met recently. When Adam shows violent behaviour Alice starts asking questions about his past. She finds out that he saved people's lives during an expedition on the Chungawat in the Himalayas. Several people died in this expedition, including his former girlfriend Françoise. A woman who read an article about this claims to be raped by Adam, but he was acquitted. When Alice starts suspecting that Adam has killed several of his ex-girlfriends people in her environment think she needs psychiatric help.
Reception.
Publishers Weekly: "With lucid and limber prose, French delves into Alice's thoughts as skillfully as she describes the London setting. The pacing is swift and the dialogue sharp and realistic."
Adaptation.
In Kaige Chen's film adaptation of 2002 Heather Graham played Alice, and Joseph Fiennes Adam.

</doc>
<doc id="36599994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36599994" title="Turkmenistan national ice hockey team">
Turkmenistan national ice hockey team

The Turkmenistan national ice hockey team is the national ice hockey team of Turkmenistan.
History.
The first national team formed in 2011 of four teams from Ashgabat - Oguzkhan, Alp Arslan, Shir and Burgut.
In 2013, the national team of Turkmenistan held its first international match against Minsk city, which was won by 7:2.
Ice hockey in Turkmenistan.
The sport is not so popular in Turkmenistan is ice hockey, until the President of Turkmenistan, Saparmurat Niyazov ordered the construction of an ice palace in the desert foothills of the Kopet Dag. In 2006, the company Bouygues has completed a construction of the first ice palace. In 2011, the country had opened the second ice palace worth €134.4 million. The total area of the new sports palace is 107,000 square meters in the center of the palace housed the ice arena measuring 60 by 30 meters. One of the biggest ice hockey arenas in the CIS.

</doc>
<doc id="36600008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600008" title="Dudley Township">
Dudley Township

Dudley Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36600079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600079" title="Immigrant Union">
Immigrant Union

Immigrant Union is an Australian psychedelic folk/country band from Melbourne. It consists of Brent DeBoer (from The Dandy Warhols), Bob Harrow, Peter Lubulwa, Ben Street and Paddy McGrath-Lester. Courtney Barnett and her band consisting of Dave Mudie and Bones Sloan were members of Immigrant Union from 2011 - 2013 and feature on their second studio album 'Anyway'.

</doc>
<doc id="36600101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600101" title="Faubert">
Faubert

People commonly known by their family name Faubert include:

</doc>
<doc id="36600106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600106" title="1995 African Youth Championship">
1995 African Youth Championship

The African Youth Championship 1995 was a soccer tournament held in Nigeria. It also served as qualification for the 1995 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Qualification.
Preliminary Round.
Benin, Botswana, Cape Verde, Congo, Liberia, Mauritania and Swaziland withdrew. A bye was therefore given to respectively Senegal, Lesotho, Guinea Bissau, Togo, Burkina Faso, Sierra Leone and Madagascar.
First Round.
Kenya, Madagascar, Sierra Leone, Uganda, Zaire and Zimbabwe withdrew. A bye was therefore given to respectively Cameroon, Mauritius, Morocco, Burundi, Zambia and Ethiopia.
Second Round.
"Guinea also went through to the main tournament because Nigeria would qualify as host."
Teams.
The following teams qualified for the tournament:
Group Stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The two best performing teams qualified for the 1995 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36600158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600158" title="List of state leaders in 379 BC">
List of state leaders in 379 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36600180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600180" title="Aleksandr Sednev">
Aleksandr Sednev

Aleksandr Sednev (; ; born 16 August 1973) is a former Belarusian footballer (defender) and currently a coach. Since July 2012 he is a head coach for Belshina Bobruisk.

</doc>
<doc id="36600189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600189" title="Anything Could Happen">
Anything Could Happen

"Anything Could Happen" is a song by English recording artist Ellie Goulding, released as the lead single from her second studio album, "Halcyon" (2012). Written and produced by Goulding and Jim Eliot of English electropop duo Kish Mauve, the song received positive reviews from music critics. "Anything Could Happen" was a moderate commercial success, peaking at number five on the UK Singles Chart, while charting inside the top five in Poland and the top twenty in Australia, Czech Republic, Ireland and New Zealand. In the United States, the track peaked at number forty-seven on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and topped the Hot Dance Club Songs chart.
The accompanying music video was directed by Floria Sigismondi and filmed in Malibu, California. The video depicts Goulding and her on-screen boyfriend getting into a car accident. "Anything Could Happen" was used in the Beats by Dre's #ShowYourColor campaign commercial and in the trailer for the second season of the HBO series "Girls". The song has been covered by the bands The Script, Fifth Harmony, and fun.
Background and composition.
Goulding appeared on Fearne Cotton's BBC Radio 1 show on 9 August 2012 for the premiere of the song. She told Cotton, "I've been with this song a long time and I've had to listen to it a lot to get it just how I wanted it."
During a behind-the-scenes featurette for the "Anything Could Happen" music video, Goulding told MTV News, "I suppose it's one of those songs where I sort of talk about bits of my childhood, but also about my friendship with this person, and, um, I suppose it's a song of realization [...] And it's called 'Anything Could Happen,' I'm hoping it will make people go out and propose to their girlfriends or go on that holiday they never ended up doing. I hope it will provoke positivity, as opposed to make people really sad."
According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony/ATV Music Publishing, "Anything Could Happen" is written in the key of C major and has a moderate tempo of 103 beats per minute. Goulding's vocals span from G3 to E5 in the song.
Critical reception.
"Anything Could Happen" received critical acclaim from critics, with most praising the lyrical content and Goulding's vocals. Lewis Corner of Digital Spy gave "Anything Could Happen" four out of five stars, stating, "'After the war we said we'd fight together/ I guess we thought that's what humans do,' the electro-folk starlet serenades over a booming bass synth and choppy piano, before bursting into a sky-soaring chorus that manages to keep up with her haunting, high-pitched "ooohs". The result is a gothic love anthem that, truth be told, we'd happily see replace 'Puppy Love' at wedding receptions for years to come." Erin Thompson of the "Seattle Weekly" called the song "lovely" and "impactful", while commending Goulding for "writing songs that unfold like stories". "Anything Could Happen" was ranked number eighty-four by the "Village Voice"s annual Pazz & Jop critics' poll.
Commercial performance.
"Anything Could Happen" debuted at number five on the UK Singles Chart, selling 49,680 copies in its first week. The single stayed at number five the following week, selling 37,895 copies. As of August 2013, it had sold 326,836 copies in the UK.
In the United States, "Anything Could Happen" debuted at number seventeen on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles on the issue dated 8 September 2012, before rising to number three on 20 October upon its release to radio. The song entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number seventy-five for the week of 27 October 2012, peaking at number forty-seven in its tenth week on the chart. It also topped the Hot Dance Club Songs chart during the final week of 2012. The single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on 17 January 2013, and platinum on 24 July 2013. As of January 2014, the song had sold 1,166,000 copies in the US.
The song performed moderately elsewhere, reaching number two in Poland, number sixteen in the Czech Republic, Ireland and New Zealand, number twenty in Australia, number thirty-seven in Canada and number sixty-six in Germany.
Music video.
The official music video was directed by Floria Sigismondi. In an interview with Carson Daly on his 97.1 AMP Radio show on 6 August 2012, Goulding stated that the official music video for "Anything Could Happen" would be filmed the following day in Malibu, California. The video revolves around a couple's car crash near a Malibu beach. "I find myself on a rock, with no idea how I've been there", she told Fuse. "I've been in a car crash. I end up being a mermaid-type thing." She added, "I wanted to do a big video with big effects by the ocean [...] I wanted to do something really epic." In late August 2012, it was reported that Goulding declined offers of a stuntwoman to help her shoot the video, and would instead perform her own stunts, such as being dropped onto a roof.
On 5 September, the official video for "Anything Could Happen" debuted via Goulding's YouTube channel. The video shows Goulding in a car with her on-screen boyfriend as they observe waves crashing on a beach. Goulding is then seen waking up on the beach, singing to the song, and walking around the beach finding silver floating spheres and triangled shaped mirrors. Goulding is also seen close up crying while singing and then bleeding out of her nose. The video continues to show Goulding and the on-screen boyfriend in a car crash, meeting up again in their "after life" on the beach. Later, Goulding is shown looking on to the car crash from above, while observing her blood-covered boyfriend, with a big fluffy pink ball holding her up by ropes. The video ends as Goulding floats away from the crash scene.
Lyric video.
In late July 2012, Goulding invited fans via Facebook to contribute to a lyric video for "Anything Could Happen" by submitting photos related to the song's lyrics using Instagram. The lyric video premiered on Goulding's YouTube channel on 9 August 2012.
Ben & Ellie Edit.
A second music video, titled the Ben & Ellie Edit, was released on Goulding's YouTube channel on 9 October 2012. This version all shot close up and cross fading into different scenes. The video begins with the text "Ellie Goulding", and flashes of a car driving and Goulding in multiple shots of her body. Once the song begins, Goulding starts singing, multiple shots of her being shown, close-up, side view, and bright lights, singing along.
Use in media and cover versions.
Goulding is featured performing "Anything Could Happen" in the Beats by Dre commercial as part of their #ShowYourColor campaign, which debuted in September 2012, alongside the likes of Miami Heat player LeBron James and fellow Universal Music artists Lil Wayne and MGK. The track was also used in the trailer for the second season of the HBO comedy-drama series "Girls" and in the Fox comedy series "New Girl". It was also used in the trailer for the fourth season of the Network Ten comedy-drama series "Offspring" in Australia.
The song was covered in BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge by both Irish alternative rock band The Script and American indie pop band fun. on 27 November 2012 and 26 February 2013, respectively. In December 2012, the girl group Fifth Harmony performed "Anything Could Happen" in the semi-finals and finals on the second season of the "The X Factor" (U.S.). Melissa Benoist, Jacob Artist and Kevin McHale covered the song in the fourteenth episode of the fourth season of the Fox series "Glee", "I Do", aired 14 February 2013. Goulding joined Taylor Swift for a surprise performance of the song during Swift's Red Tour at Los Angeles' Staples Center on 23 August 2013. Also in December 14, 2013, Goulding joined live to the tenth series of The X Factor contestant, Luke Friend in the for a duet of the song, when both played the acoustic guitar.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Halcyon".

</doc>
<doc id="36600192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600192" title="SGNL">
SGNL

SGNL is a tech and gadget-centric web television show produced by Revision3 and sponsored by Sony Electronics. The show is in its third season, and is hosted by Anthony Carboni and Samia Khan. In addition to featuring the latest Sony gadgets, SGNL also highlights other Sony related content including music, movies, gaming, and entertainment.
The show is available to watch online at Revision3's website, Sony.com/SGNL, and YouTube.com/SGNL. The SGNL app is built into many Sony products, including Blu-ray players and smart TVs, and an app is also available for download on both iPhone and Android devices.

</doc>
<doc id="36600217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600217" title="Seed (TV series)">
Seed (TV series)

Seed is a Canadian television series produced by Force Four Entertainment. The half-hour comedy follows Harry, a likable bachelor and bartender whose previous foray into sperm donation resulted in offspring he was unaware of until now. Seed tells the story of Harry's relationship with his new-found relatives, and the interactions of these families with one another.
City renewed the show for a full second season, currently airing Thursdays at 9:00pm.
The series has been picked up for U.S. broadcast by The CW.
Synopsis.
An ill-equipped bachelor discovers his foray into sperm donation has resulted in many offspring and finds himself entangled in the lives of his new-found children and their less-than-thrilled families.
Production.
Principal photography began on the first season of "Seed" in October 2012 in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Although the show's premise closely resembles the 2011 Canadian film "Starbuck", producer Joseph Raso has clarified in interviews that he already had the idea in development before "Starbuck" was released.
Reception.
"The Globe and Mail" called the series "deeply silly, and the kind of good, off-kilter comedy that we can do with aplomb in Canada... There’s no recipe, but among the requirements are characters who are fabulously immature, plus some sharp, unostentatious writing and a version of stoner humour that works even if you’re not five miles high." 

</doc>
<doc id="36600220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600220" title="Paisa Paisa">
Paisa Paisa

Paisa Paisa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36600222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600222" title="1992 Birmingham Fire season">
1992 Birmingham Fire season

The 1992 Birmingham Fire season was the second and final season for the franchise in the World League of American Football (WLAF). The team was led by head coach Chan Gailey in his second year, and played their home games at Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished the season with a record of seven wins, three losses and one tie (7–3–1) and with a loss against the Orlando Thunder in the WLAF semifinals as a wild card.
After a preseason loss to London, the Fire lost their opening game on the road at Sacramento. They then rebounded and went unbeaten over their next four games with wins over San Antonio, Frankfurt and Sacramento in addition to the first tie in league history against London at Wembley Stadium. Birmingham then lost in their rematch at San Antonio before they completed the regular season with four consecutive victories over Barcelona, Montreal, Orlando and Ohio to clinch the final playoff spot. In the WLAF semifinals, the Fire lost to Orlando 45–7 to finish the season with an overall record of 7–3–1.
Offseason.
Draft.
In February 1992, the second WLAF Draft was held in Dallas, Texas. It was held over two days with rounds 1 through 14 on February 4 and rounds 15 through 29 on February 5. In addition to those players drafted, as part of their partnership with the National Football League (NFL), 101 NFL players were allocated to the WLAF. The players allocated to the Fire included: quarterbacks Shawn Moore from the Denver Broncos, and Greg Jones from the Detroit Lions; running backs Steve Avery from the Green Bay Packers and Brian Lattimore from the Indianapolis Colts; guard Joe Valerio from the Kansas City Chiefs and linebacker Kyle Freeman from the Los Angeles Raiders.
Preseason.
The 1992 preseason featured a single game for each team. The winner of the game would then serve as the number two tiebreaker, behind results in head-to-head competition, for playoff position. For their preseason game, the Fire lost 14–13 to the defending World Bowl champion London Monarchs before 10,150 fans at Legion Field. In the game, Birmingham took a 13–0 lead late into the fourth quarter. The Fire scored on a pair of 32-yard Philip Doyle field goals and on a 29-yard touchdown pass from Mike Norseth to Willie Bouyer. With just over six minutes remaining in the game, Monarchs' back-up quarterback Fred McNair led London on two touchdown drives for the win. The touchdowns were scored on McNair touchdown passes of 77-yards to Sean Foster and two-yards to Greg Harrel.
Regular season.
Game summaries.
Week 1: at Sacramento Surge.
To open the 1992 season, the Fire were defeated by the Sacramento Surge before 17,920 fans at Hornet Stadium. After Birmingham opened the scoring with a 50-yard Philip Doyle field goal in the first quarter, Sacramento answered with a pair of second-quarter touchdowns to take a 13–3 halftime lead. The second quarter points came on a two-yard Mike Pringle run and on a 47-yard David Archer pass to Eddie Brown. The Surge extended their lead further to 20–3 early in the third on a 10-yard Archer pass to Carl Parker before Doyle scored the final points of the game with his 46-yard field goal later in the quarter. With the loss, the Fire began their season at 0–1.
Week 2: vs. San Antonio Riders.
In their home opener, the Fire rebounded from their loss to Sacramento and defeated the San Antonio Riders 17–10. After the Riders took a 3–0 lead on a 22-yard Jim Gallery field goal in the first quarter, the Fire responded with 17 second quarter points that proved to be enough for the victory. In the quarter, Eugene Rowell scored on a seven-yard touchdown run, a 47-yard Philip Doyle field goal and on a 32-yard Arthur Hunter interception return. In the third quarter San Antonio scored on a four-yard Brad Goebel touchdown pass to George Searcy to make the final score 17–10. The Riders had an opportunity to tie the game in the final minute of the game, but the Goebel pass was intercepted by John Miller on the Fire six-yard line. With the victory, the Fire improved their record to 1–1.
Week 3: at Frankfurt Galaxy.
At the Waldstadion in Frankfurt, the Fire earned their first all-time victory in Europe with their 17–7 win over the Galaxy. After a scoreless first quarter, Birmingham took a 14–0 halftime lead with a pair of second-quarter touchdowns. Both were scored by Elroy Harris with the first on a nine-yard pass from Mike Norseth and the second on a one-yard run. The Galaxy responded in the third quarter on a one-yard Tony Baker touchdown run to cut the Fire lead to 14–7. A late Philip Doyle field goal in the fourth provided for the final points of the game in the 17–7 Birmingham victory. The 33,857 in attendance was the second largest crowd to attend a Galaxy game at Waldstadion to that point in the history of the franchise. With the victory, the Fire improved their record to 2–1.
Week 4: at London Monarchs.
At Wembley Stadium in London, the Fire battled the London Monarchs to a 17–17 tie, the first tie in the history of the WLAF. Birmingham took an early 7–0 lead after Mike Norseth scored on a two-yard run before the Monarchs scored 17 consecutive points to take a 17–7 lead into the fourth quarter. London points were scored on a two-yard Charlie Young touchdown run and 33-yard Phil Alexander field goal in the second quarter and a 35-yard Stan Gelbaugh touchdown pass to Bernard Ford in the third quarter.
In the fourth quarter, the Fire cut the London lead to 17–14 after Elroy Harris scored on a one-yard touchdown run. With less than three minutes remaining in the game, Gelbaugh threw an interception that set up the game-tying, 42-yard Doyle field goal with only 0:10 remaining in regulation to send the game into overtime. In the overtime period, London failed on a pair of opportunities to win the game. The first came when Alexander missed a 39-yard field goal wide right with only 0:12 remaining, and the second when Howard Feggins intercepted a Norseth pass and returned it to the Fire three-yard where he was tackled as time expired.
The tie remained as the only one in league history through the 2006 season when Berlin and Hamburg battled to a 17–17 tie. With the tie, the Fire improved their record to 2–1–1.
Week 5: vs. Sacramento Surge.
In a rematch of their season opener, the Fire defeated the Sacramento Surge before 20,794 fans at Legion Field. After a scoreless first quarter, Birmingham scored a pair of Philip Doyle field goal from 38 and 52-yards and Sacramento scored on a 19-yard David Archer touchdown pass to Carl Parker for a Surge halftime lead of 7–6. In the third quarter, each team scored touchdowns to tie the game at 14–14 as they entered the fourth quarter. The Fire scored first on a ten-yard Mike Norseth pass to Jim Bell, followed by the Surge on a ten-yard Archer pass to Eddie Brown. Birmingham then closed the game with a pair of touchdowns first on a 56-yard Norseth pass to Eddie Britton and a one-yard Jim Bell run for the 28–14 win. With the victory, the Fire improved their record to 3–1–1.
Week 6: at San Antonio Riders.
In a rematch of their week two matchup, the Fire lost to the San Antonio Riders before 13,590 fans at Bobcat Stadium. After Jim Bell scored on a one-yard run for the Fire in the first, the Riders responded with 17 second quarter points. Wayne Walker scored first on a 23-yard Mike Johnson touchdown pass, a 37-yard Jim Gallery field goal and on 22-yard Chris Oldham interception return. Birmingham responded late in the second with the final points of the game on an 84-yard fumble return for a touchdown by Tracy Sanders. In the second half, the Fire missed on three scoring opportunities after Elroy Harris fumbled on the Riders' three-yard line and Philip Doyle missed field goals of 35 and 45-yards. With the loss, the Fire moved their record to 3–2–1.
Week 7: vs. Barcelona Dragons.
In a rematch of their previous season meeting in the playoffs, the Fire defeated the Barcelona Dragons at Legion Field. Birmingham took an early 3–0 lead on a 36-yard Philip Doyle field goal. In the second quarter, touchdowns were scored for the Fire by Tracy Sanders on a 70-yard interception return and for the Dragons on a 16-yard Tony Moss touchdown reception from Scott Erney for a 10–7 Birmingham lead at halftime. After a 20-yard Doyle field goal in the third, the Fire extended their lead to 19–7 in the fourth after Mike Norseth threw a 54-yard touchdown pass to Steve Avery. Although unable to take the lead, the Dragons then scored the final ten points of the game on a three-yard Tony Rice touchdown run and on a 38-yard Teddy Garcia field goal. With the victory, the Fire improved their record to 4–2–1.
Week 8: vs. Montreal Machine.
With just under ten seconds remaining in overtime, Jim Bell scored on a one-yard touchdown run to give the Fire a 23–16 win over the Montreal Machine at Legion Field. After field goals were scored for the Machine by Björn Nittmo from 43-yards and for the Fire by Philip Doyle from 36-yards in the first quarter, a 16-yard Mike Norseth touchdown run in the second gave Birmingham a 10–3 halftime lead. Field goals of 21 and 23-yards by Doyle extended the Fire lead to 16–3 early in the fourth before the Machine tied the game with a pair of late touchdowns. Michael Proctor scored first on a six-yard run and then threw a 22-yard touchdown pass to Charlie Young to send the game into overtime. 
With less than a minute remaining in the overtime period, Montreal did not punt on a fourth-and-three on their own 43-yard line. Michael Proctor was subsequently stopped at their own 45-yard line and turned the ball over on downs to Birmingham. On the next play, Mike Norseth threw a 44-yard pass to Willie Bouyer at the one-yard line and two plays later Jim Bell scored the game-winning touchdown on a one-yard run. With the victory, the Fire improved their record to 5–2–1.
Week 9: vs. Orlando Thunder.
In the final home game of the season, Birmingham defeated the Orlando Thunder 24–23 at Legion Field. Birmingham took a 7–3 lead at the end of the first quarter after Tracy Bennett connected on a 42-yard field goal for the Thunder and Elroy Harris scored on a seven-yard touchdown run. The Fire extended their lead to 21–10 at halftime after touchdown runs of one-yard by Jim Bell and seven-yards by Harris before the Thunder scored their first touchdown on a one-yard Darryl Clack touchdown run. After a 90-yard Joe Johnson punt return brought the score to 21–17, Birmingham scored their final points on a 22-yard Philip Doyle field goal early in the fourth. The Thunder then scored on a three-yard Scott Mitchell touchdown pass to Grantis Bell; however, instead of tying the game with an extra point, the Thunder failed on a two-point conversion and the Fire won 24–23. With the victory, the Fire improved their record to 6–2–1.
Week 10: at Ohio Glory.
In the final regular season game of the year, Birmingham defeated the Ohio Glory 27–24 at Ohio Stadium to clinch the final playoff spot as a wild card. After the first quarter, the Fire led 14–10 with Birmingham points scored on touchdown runs of one-yard by Elroy Harris and two-yards by Jim Bell and Ohio points scored on an eight-yard Greg Frey touchdown pass to Randy Bethel and a 42-yard Jerry Kauric field goals. The Glory then took a 24–17 halftime lead after a pair of Frey touchdowns, the first a 51-yard pass to Phil Logan and the second on a one-yard run. The Fire then shutout the Glory in the second half and scored on a two-yard Bell touchdown run in the third and on a 30-yard Philip Doyle field goal in the fourth to win 27–24. With the victory, the Fire improved their record to 7–2–1.
Postseason.
Game summary.
WLAF Semifinal: at Orlando Thunder.
Against the Orlando Thunder in the semifinals of the WLAF playoffs, the Fire lost 45–7 at the Florida Citrus Bowl to complete their season.
Awards.
After the completion of the regular season, the All-World League Team was selected by the league's ten head coaches. Overall, Birmingham had two players selected to the first team. The selections were:

</doc>
<doc id="36600231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600231" title="List of state leaders in 378 BC">
List of state leaders in 378 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36600260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600260" title="Spruce Run Earthworks">
Spruce Run Earthworks

The Spruce Run Earthworks is an archaeological site located in the central part of the U.S. state of Ohio, in Delaware County. It is believed to have been built by the Adena culture. 

</doc>
<doc id="36600291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600291" title="Swedish-American Chamber of Commerce San Francisco/Silicon Valley">
Swedish-American Chamber of Commerce San Francisco/Silicon Valley

The Swedish-American Chamber of Commerce San Francisco Silicon Valley (SACC-SF/SV) is a non-profit business association located in San Francisco, California. Founded in 1948 with the purpose of connecting companies and individuals related to business and trade, SACC-SF/SV still operate by facilitating transatlantic trade and investments between Sweden and Northern California.
History.
The Swedish-American Chamber of Commerce (SACC) organization was founded in 1906 and is the oldest organization of its kind outside Sweden. Today the organization incorporates an umbrella organization, SACC-USA, that links together regional chambers, situated in strong business clusters all over the U.S. The SACC organization is working with promoting and accelerating trade, commerce and investment between Sweden and the US.
The umbrella organization SACC-USA, was founded in 1988 and incorporated in the SACC network in 1995. From its start, the entire SACC operation has served more than 2,300 members in Sweden and the U.S., which makes the Swedish American Chamber of Commerce the second largest European Chamber of Commerce in the United States. SACC-San Francisco/Silicon Valley operates as a regional chamber, serving the San Francisco Bay Area, within the SACC-USA network.
Business practices.
The SACC-SF/SV operation strives to connect the entrepreneurial and innovational spirit that is stored in the Bay Area with Swedish corporations and start ups, SACC-SF/SV operates by:
Connecting Business
"Connecting Sweden with the Bay Area" 
SACC-SF/SV connects businesses, industries and people in the Bay Area and Sweden. 
Enhancing Business
"Enhancing Business in the Bay Area"
Located in San Francisco/Silicon Valley, SACC-SF/SV operate in an Area full of inspiring business potential, the organization package this potential in order to enhance business possibilities.
Accelerating Business
"Swedish talent for U.S. Business"
SACC-SF/SV work with accelerating business through the SACC-USA J1-visa Trainee program. Through the program, companies can get connected to skilled trainees with degrees in software development, math, law, accounting, management, marketing, economics, statistics, etc. from Swedish Universities. Link to SACC-USA trainee program
Promoting Business
"The SACC-SF/SV operation is built on stimulating partnerships and long lasting relationships"
Through the network, SACC-SF/SV connects business. 
Elaborating Business
"Specializing in transatlantic trade, SACC-SF/SV operates by tailoring business solutions through:"
Business Development
Matchmaking
Event Planning
Business services.
SACC-SF/SV business services are divided into three different areas; business development, matchmaking and event planning. 
The business services are developed with a purpose to facilitate trade between Sweden and Northern California, as well as to elaborate the business opportunities that are stored in the Bay Area. SACC-SF/SV provides information, contacts and knowledge when one need to develop its business or bring its business to the Bay Area or Sweden.
Business Development.
SACC-SF/SV’s visitor program, venture capital program and trainee program are three key business development services within the organization. The visitor program offer customized visits to Swedish companies who want to get inspired by the leading innovations located in Silicon Valley and San Francisco. The program gives access to the Bay Area where meetings with key companies and organizations will be set up in the industry of interest. The Venture Capital program is the program for start ups or other organizations seeking venture capital in the U.S. The trainee program offer companies, located in the U.S., an opportunity to host highly qualified trainees from Sweden.
Matchmaking.
When venturing into a new market SACC-SF/SV support by establishing new business relations; whether it is with clients, suppliers, distributors, financers or business partners. The organization arrange benchmarking trips, business meetings and referrals to companies in Sweden and throughout the United States, introducing companies to other companies in their line of business.
Event Planning.
In line with SACC-SF/SV commitment to foster trade between Sweden and Northern California they arrange presentations, panel discussions and conferences on current topics. SACC-SF/SV also host monthly pub evenings where people can meet in a more relaxed setting to get to mingle and network.
Annual Events.
SACC-SF/SV has four annual events. Achievement Awards in March, Golf Tournament in collaboration with the Australian American Chamber of Commerce in June, Crayfish Party in August and Christmas Luncheon in December.
Special Events.
SACC-SF/SV arranges special events from time to time. In 2012 SACC-SF/SV partnered up with Artemis Racing for the 34th edition of Americas Cup which is to be held in San Francisco the summer of 2013 Link to Artemis Racing page press release. The common denominator of all events is the overall aim of providing the members with an arena in which to socialize and network with fellow members and at the same time discuss hot topics in the business world.
Swedish-American Chambers of Commerce Network.
SACC-SF/SV network is the organization's key strength. The network consists of partners, sponsors, members and business contacts in a wide range of industries. Link to SACC-USA The network is a tool for members to connect and create relationships with one another.
Regional chapters.
SACC-SF/SV is a part of the SACC-USA’s umbrella organization. The umbrella organization consists of 20 regional chamber spread across the United States. The regional chambers are: 
SACC Arizona
SACC Carolinas
SACC Chicago
SACC Colorado
SACC Detroit
SACC Florida
SACC Georgia
SACC Los Angeles
SACC Greater Tampa Bay/Orlando
SACC Minnesota
SACC New England
SACC Ohio
SACC Philadelphia
SACC San Diego
SACC San Francisco/Silicon Valley
SACC Seattle
SACC Texas
SACC Utah
SACC Washington DC

</doc>
<doc id="36600318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600318" title="List of state leaders in 377 BC">
List of state leaders in 377 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36600329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600329" title="Urige Buta">
Urige Buta

Urige Buta (born 1978) is a Norwegian athlete. He was born in Ambo in the Oromiya Region, Ethiopia. He qualified for the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. He was Norwegian champion in 10,000 m in 2005 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36600334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600334" title="Bona Vista">
Bona Vista

Bona Vista (1889–1909) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. As a two-year-old he won the Woodcote Stakes at Epsom Downs. As a three-year-old he won the Newmarket Biennial Stakes, before winning the 2000 Guineas Stakes by one and a half lengths. He was trained by William Jarvis and owned by Charles Day Rose. After retiring from racing Bona Vista became a successful stallion, siring Ascot Gold Cup winner Cyllene. Through his son Cyllene and grandson Polymelus, Bona Vista's sire line is the most dominant in Thoroughbred racehorses today.
Background.
Bona Vista, sometimes spelled Bonavista, was a chestnut colt bred by Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery, and foaled in 1889. He was sired by Derby and Champion Stakes winner Bend Or. After retiring from racing Bend Or became a successful stallion. His most successful son was the unbeaten Triple Crown winner, Ormonde. He also sired the champion sire Kendal and Eclipse Stakes winner Orbit. Bend Or was also the leading broodmare sire in Great Britain and Ireland for two years. Bona Vista's dam was Vista, a daughter Macaroni. She won several races, including the Great Metropolitan Handicap, and had already foaled Derby and St Leger winner Sir Visto and Eclipse and Champion Stakes winner Velasquez before producing Bona Vista.
Charles Day Rose purchased Bona Vista as a yearling at Newmarket in 1890 for 1250 guineas. This was just above the reserve of 1200 guineas set by the Earl of Rosebery, who apparently regretted selling the colt. Bona Vista was put into training with William Jarvis.
Racing career.
1891: Two-year-old season.
Bona Vista made his first race start on 26 May 1891 in the Woodcote Stakes over six furlongs at Epsom Downs. Ridden by J. Woodburn, he started as the even money favourite. With a quarter of a mile left to run the colt Rioter took the lead, but then struggled. Bona Vista and Pilgrim's Progress overtook Rioter and Bona Vista won the race by a length from Pilgrim's Progress. Rioter finished in third place and El Diablo fourth. Bona Vista faced Pilgrim's Progress again at Royal Ascot in the New Stakes. He started the race as the evens favourite, but could only finish third, five lengths behind winner Goldfinch. Bona Vista's final start of the season came in the Chesterfield Stakes in July at Newmarket. He started as the second favourite, behind La Fleche, who was receiving seven pounds from Bona Vista. La Fleche led the race in the early stages, with Bona Vista second. In the closing stages Bona Vista was overtaken by Lady Hermit, but neither could catch leader La Fleche, who won by two lengths from Lady Hermit. Bona Vista was three quarters of a length behind the runner-up in third place.
1892: Three-year-old season.
Bona Vista started his three-year-old campaign in the Biennial Stakes, run over one mile at Newmarket, where he only faced three rivals. In the early stages Curio led the race from Platoon, the pair being clear of Bona Vista and Tanzmeister. The field remained in that order until they were into the second half of the race, when the four horses bunched up. The four raced right up to the finish line, with Bona Vista winning by a head from Tanzmeister and Curio a head behind Tanzmeister in third.
After this narrow victory Bona Vista started the 2000 Guineas Stakes at the price of 10/1 and faced thirteen opponents. After the start St. Angelo immediately went to the front, racing on the left hand side of the course, he led Galeopsis and Scarborough. Bona Vista was leading the horses that were racing down the centre of the track. Shortly after half-way St. Angelo was still leading from Galeopsis, with Bona Vista in third being followed by Sir Hugo, Goldfinch and El Diablo. Sir Hugo and Goldfinch soon faded and this left Curio behind the three leaders. Bona Vista took the lead with about one furlong left to run and under jockey W. Robinson he pulled steadily away to win by one and a half lengths from St. Angelo. Half a length behind St. Angelo was Curio, who just beat Galeopsis for third place. These for were well clear of Goldfinch, who pulled up lame, and led the rest of the field home. The 9/2 favourite El Diablo eventually finished in eight place.
On 1 June, Bona Vista returned to the place of his first race, Epsom Downs, for the Derby Stakes. La Fleche was the strong pre-race favourite, priced at 11/10. Rueil was second favourite at 100/9, then Bona Vista at 100/8 and St. Damien at 100/7. In the early stages of the race Sir Hugo led the race, with Llanthony, Persistive and Galeopsis also prominent. By the time the field reached the mile post Thessalian led the race from St. Damien, with Bona Vista near the middle of the pack. Bona Vista never got to the leaders and finished back in eleventh place. The race was won by 40/1 outsider Sir Hugo, who held of La Fleche by three quarters of a length. At Royal Ascot, Bona Vista competed in the Prince of Wales's Stakes. After the field had settled down after the start Watercress led the field, with Bona Vista not amongst the front runners. Bona Vista never reached the leaders and finished in seventh place. Watercress won the race by one length from Tanzmeister. Bona Vista was entered for the St. Leger Stakes, but was withdrawn due to a ligament injury.
Race record.
"Note: F = Furlongs, L = Lengths"
Stud career.
Bona Vista initially stood for at Hardwicke Stud in Berkshire for a fee of 25 guineas. In 1897 he was purchased for 15,000 guineas by Prince Louis Esterhazy to stand at stud in Hungary, where he was champion sire five times. Through his son Cyllene, and Cyllene's son Polymelus, Bona Vista's sire line is the most dominant in Thoroughbred racehorses today. Bona Vista's most notable progeny were:
Bona Vista died in Hungary in 1909, at the age of twenty.
Pedigree.
"Note: b. = Bay, br. = Brown, ch. = Chestnut"

</doc>
<doc id="36600342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600342" title="Banc de Pêche de Paspébiac">
Banc de Pêche de Paspébiac

The Banc de pêche de Paspébiac () is a complex of ten buildings in Paspébiac, Quebec, Canada. The buildings were built between 1783 and 1900 by fishing companies from Jersey.
The Paspébiac fishing bank is situated on Chaleur Bay, on a dune closing the Paspébiac lagoon in the Gaspé Peninsula.
The Entrepôt Lebouthillier () is the largest building on site. The building is approximately tall and is the main symbol of Paspébiac.
Heritage designation.
The fishing bank was classified as a "Bien culturel du Québec" on July 17, 1981 by the Ministry of Culture of Quebec.
On June 15, 2001, the fishing bank was designated as a National Historic Site of Canada, recognizing both its architecture and its social, economic and historical importance in the cod fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="36600347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600347" title="1997 African Youth Championship">
1997 African Youth Championship

The African Youth Championship 1997 was held in Morocco. It also served as qualification for the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
Last year's finalists Burundi were disqualified in the qualifying tournament. It is not known how the other teams qualified. Eight teams entered the tournament:
Group Stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The four best performing teams qualified for the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36600416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600416" title="Mario Testa">
Mario Testa

Mario Testa is the Chairman of the Democratic Town Committee in Bridgeport, Connecticut. He is also the cousin of Thomas Bucci, a former Bridgeport politician. Testa is also the owner of Testo's, a restaurant in Bridgeport, CT which serves as his business, office, and political headquarters.
Early life and family.
Mario Testa emigrated to the United States from an area 40-miles above Naples, Italy as a teenager. He was the seventh child born to a family of eight.
Political career.
Chairman of Democratic Town Committee.
In the 1990s, Testa maintained control of the Democratic party for over a decade. Testa resigned from his position in 2003, but did not disclose the details of his resignation. In 2008, he regained his position from a divided party that voted 5 times. Testa has served as the Chairman of the Democratic Town Committee for 15 of the last 20 years.
Delegate to Democratic Convention.
The 2012 Democratic National Committee Secretary named Mario Testa as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention along with Ms. Loretta Williams, Ms. Kerry Wood, Mayor Bill Finch, Hon. Thomas C McCarthy, and Ms. Dorothy Guman.
Endorsements.
Mario Testa was the Chairman of John C. Mandanici's Special Committee between 1981 and 1982. 
Testa is a long-time supporter of former Bridgeport Mayor Joseph Ganim. Upon Ganim's release from prison, Testa said, "I'm glad he's back home." As the chairman, Mario Testa submitted a formal complaint on behalf of Mayor Bill Finch regarding a billboard.
Controversies.
Absentee ballots.
On several occasions, Mario Testa was accused of playing a role in attempting to rig elections by use of absentee ballots.
Tax evasion.
In 1994, Mario Testa was questioned about the property taxes he paid on 3 vehicles. The vehicles were registered to him, but Testa used the address of his summer home in Monroe, CT. As a result, his property taxes were reduced by over two thirds. The vehicles were an '89 BMW, '85 Cadillac, and an '84 GMC Station Wagon. Testa replied, "the vehicles are classics and must be stored."
FBI wiretap.
In an interview, Mario Testa claimed that he had knowledge that he was wiretapped by the FBI in 2001. In response, Michael Sklaire, the former assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted the Bridgeport corruption case said, "He was very close to some very corrupt people for a very long time" was the reason no charges were ever filed.
Casino.
In 2010, Mario Testa prevented Dan Malloy from speaking to the Democratic Town Committee. Malloy believed that it was retribution for refusing to support a casino in Bridgeport in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36600428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600428" title="List of state leaders in 376 BC">
List of state leaders in 376 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36600471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600471" title="Mother Mallard's Portable Masterpiece Co.">
Mother Mallard's Portable Masterpiece Co.

"Mother Mallard's Portable Masterpiece Co." is the debut album of synthesizer ensemble Mother Mallard's Portable Masterpiece Company, independently released in 1973 through Earthquack Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="36600475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600475" title="Dog allergy">
Dog allergy

Dog allergy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36600503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600503" title="Kwesi Amissah-Arthur">
Kwesi Amissah-Arthur

Kwesi Bekoe Amissah-Arthur (born 29 April 1951) is the Vice President of the Republic of Ghana. He has also worked as the Governor of the Bank of Ghana. He is a Ghanaian economist, academician and politician. He was sworn in on 6 August 2012 following vetting by the Parliament of Ghana. He was nominated by President John Dramani Mahama to be the Vice President a week after Mahama himself was sworn in as President. This followed the sudden death of John Atta Mills on 24 July 2012.
Early life and education.
Amissah-Arthur was born at Cape Coast, the capital of the Central Region of Ghana. His mother is from the Hutchful family and his father is from the Amissah-Arthur family. Both families originating from Cape Coast. He completed his secondary education at the Mfantsipim School where he obtained the GCE Ordinary Level in 1969 and the GCE Advanced Level in 1971. He proceeded to the University of Ghana at Legon where he obtained the B.Sc. in 1974 and M.Sc.in 1976, both in Economics.
Economics and consultancy.
Amissah-Arthur lectured at the Department of Economics at the University of Ghana between 1980 and 1988. Prior to this, he was a research assistant at the Institute of Statistical, Social and Economic Research between 1974 and 1975. He later joined the Economics Department as a teaching assistant from 1977 to 1978 going on to become an assistant lecturer in 1979. He has also been a lecturer at the Department of Economics, Anambra State College of Education, Awka, Anambra State, Nigeria. (August, 1981 – July, 1983). He went into politics until 1997. He worked as a Consultant for the World Bank in the Gambia. He also served as a consultant for the Netherlands government Education project in Ghana. He then worked as Senior Economist for the Sigma One Corporation in Ghana between 1998 and 2000. Between 2001 and 2002, he was on assignment for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Denmark.
Politics.
Between 1983 and 1986, Amissah-Arthur served as a special assistant to the PNDC Secretary of Finance and Economic Planning, Kwesi Botchwey in the Provisional National Defense Council government. He became a Deputy Secretary for finance in the PNDC government form February 1986 until March 1993. From April 1993, he continued as the Deputy Minister for Finance in the Rawlings government after the establishment of constitutional rule until March 1997.
Banking.
Amissah-Arthur was appointed Governor of the Bank of Ghana in October 2009 by the late President John Atta Mills. He held this position till 6 August 2012 when he became the Vice President of Ghana.
Personal life.
Amissah-Arthur is married with two children. He is a Christian and is known to worship at the Calvary Methodist Church at Adabraka in Accra.

</doc>
<doc id="36600513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600513" title="Jessie Lewars">
Jessie Lewars

Jessie Lewars also known as Mrs James Thomson, was the youngest daughter of John Lewars, a supervisor of excise. After the death of her father aged 69, in 1789, when she was only 11 years old, Jessie and her brother John moved to a house in Millhole Brae (now Burns Street) that lay opposite that of Robert Burns in Dumfries. Jessie was a close Burns family friend and when nearly at the age of eighteen helped the family by nursing Robert in the days leading up to his death and doing the domestic chores.
Life and character.
Jessie had a brother and also an older sister, Mary, who married William Hyslop, a Dumfries builder. As teasingly predicted by Robert Burns, Jessie married James Thomson, a lawyer or solicitor, in Dumfries on 3 June 1799. The couple had five sons and two daughters. From the marriage of James Thomson and Jessie Lewars Thomson were born five sons and two daughters. The sons were James (1800-1820); John (1802-1834), who worked with his father; William (1805-1858), who was a captain in the merchant service, and died at the Cape of Good Hope; Thomas (1810-1859); and Alexander (1814-1859.
The elder daughter, Mary (1807-1843), married George Montgomery in 1840, a Dumfries merchant. They had a son, George, and a daughter,
Jessie Lewars Montgomery. Jessie, younger daughter of James Thomson and Jessie Lewars, was born on 16 June 1816 and died unmarried in September 1877.
Jessie lived in Dumfries at Maxwelltown, for the remainder of her life, dying at the age of 77 on the 26th May 1855; her husband having died on 5 May 1849, aged 75.
Jessie and her husband were buried in a grave situated opposite to the Robert Burn's mausoleum in Saint Michael's churchyard, Dumfries.
Association with Robert Burns and his family.
John Lewars, Jessie's brother, was a colleague of Robert Burns in Dunfriesshire until his death in 1796 and gave official instruction to the Poet on his joining the service.
Jessie not only nursed Robert Burns during his final illness, but also looked after her young family of four boys until Jean had recovered from the birth of her last child, Maxwell Burns. Young Robert actually remained living with her for nearly a year. Jessie played and sang to Robert whilst he lay in his sickbed, for Burns was rarely able to leave his room from April, 1796, until his death in July of that year. She is said to have had a fine singing voice that Burns compared to a Linnet ("Carduelis cannabina"). He became very fond of Jessie and composed his very last song for her, namely ""O wert thou in the cauld blast."" after hearing Jessie sing a popular song, known as ""The Robin cam' to the Wren's Nest"."; Felix Mendelssohn also set this to his own haunting music. He also addressed to Jessie the song ""Altho' thou maun never be mine.""
When she was briefly ill or indisposed Robert offered to write an epitaph to her on a crystal goblet:-
He also wrote a rhymed toast to her on another crystal goblet containing wine and water using a diamond pen:-
Robert wrote the following tribute to Jessie on the back of a menagerie handbill that she kept for the rest of her life: -
Jessie Lewars great granddaughter, Jessie Lewars Dove, inherited the handbill and it came back into the public sphere in Cambridge, around 1940. It was included as a reproduction in the 1940 "Burns Chronicle".
Burns also wrote to James Johnson in Edinburgh and requested a copy of ""The Scots Musical Museum"" for Jessie, saying ""My wife has a very particular friend, a young lady who sings well, to whom she wishes to present the Scots Musical Museum, If you have a spare copy,
will you be so obliging as to send it by the very first fly, as I am anxious to have it soon."" Johnson sent three, her copy being inscribed by the poet with a heartfelt expression of his appreciation for her kindness to him: -
A thin quarto volume by Dr. Wolcott was given by Burns to Jessie, entitled "Pindarinia", by Peter Pindar, 1794," in-
scribed ""Un petit gage de Vamitie. R. Burns."" (a small token from a friend)
After Burns's death it was John Lewars who wrote on behalf of Jean Armour Burns to several of Robert's close and intimate friends, such as James Burness in Montrose. Jessie's friendship with Jean Armour Burns continued and she remained a support to the family, caring for the four small brothers.
Micro-history.
Jessie had her portrait painted by John Irvine. At a festival held in honour of the poet's sons in 1844, Jessie was given pride of place next to Robert Burns' relatives.

</doc>
<doc id="36600547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600547" title="Karen Smbatyan">
Karen Smbatyan

Karen Smbatyan () (21 April 1932, Gyumri, Armenia 27 December 2008, Yerevan, Armenia) was an Armenian painter.
Life.
He was born into an Armenian family in Gyumri. He Studied at Yerevan Fine Art College after Panos Terlemezyan. He has participated in different international exhibitions. His paintings can be found in Armenian National Gallery, "Modern Art" Museum in Washington, "Richard Manukean" Gallery in Detroit, "Arshil Gorki" and "Gallery Drown" in Paris, "Zimerlin" museum of modern arts in New Jersey, and in private collections in various countries. Videos taken from several sources
Abstract.
The brief of his biography reveals that the artist was born in 1932 in Gyumri. He studied at P. Terlemezyan College, however later he had to quit his studies to join the Soviet army (Estonia, Doko island). While serving in the army he still continues to work and create and his works tracing back to that period have been highly appreciate within professional circles. His artistic biography dating back to the late 50s and early 60s was characterized by Karen's search for lively, everlasting, authentic perceptions of objects through nature, life and human manifestations, adhering to animated means and forms of high realism ("Makuyk" 1954, "The sailor Nikolay Blokhin", 1954, "Ian Paulianki", 1959, portraits).
During 1966-80 he was the editor Of "Pioner" and "Tsitsarnak" children's periodicals. During that period he created the illustrations of "Jelsomino in The Land of Cheaters" and "Jan Polat" folktales by Gianni Rodari and authored the images of the periodicals with demonstrating a new fresh approach in the field. Parallel to that he was very sensitive about self-education and paid a special attention to the study and research of the roots of Armenian stylistic school spending hours in the Matenadaran exploring Armenian miniature hardly concealing his admiration and fascination by the genius of art. (Grigor Tatevaci, Toros Taronatsi).
His diary notes dating back to 1970s reveal that he was particularly concerned with his explorations of problems of color and form, their unimpeded interpretation, the free flow of mind and emotions have become direction of art and artistic belief that transmits expressive means and sacred monumental sonority. The insight contemplations open up inner self and metaphysical thinking of the artist for the viewer ("Shell" 1975, "Amulet", 1977, "Indian jug" 1975).
Having sound and deep understanding and perception of the coloristic achievements of Armenian artists (M. Saryan, H. Kalenc, Minas) Karen makes the color surface of the picture so intensive that it turns into fireworks, spiritual soaring, burning sunset. "The Art is feast of colors," he cites the idea of Delacroix which means that it is not the plot that should dominate the picture. This refers to all genres as well as to free compositions ("Varuzhan Vardanyan", 1983 "The portrait of Mshetsi", 1989, "The Garden", 1994, "Autumn", 1999).
This powerful rise of this manifestation of his creativity is an ode to the love for the nature, philanthropy. In the picture the leitmotif is the light, the solar warmth is "the peace of soul". ("The quay. Sevan", 2003, "Noonday", 2005, "Northern sun", 2006).
The simplicity of composition the completeness of the style, the seeming lack of attention for detail have been the most attractive elements of the last two decades, which allowed the artist to achieve monumental sonority. From point of view "The most luxurious luxury is simplicity" or "The painting is complete only when the unnecessary things ara removed".
Quotes.
Penetrating and tens, especially by inner clairvoyance characteristic of an individual, he has discovered and reveled-within himself, not from the outside. Other architonic coatings, achieving an apocryphal level where the artist exposes spirited characters and objects, vital in everyone, both indigenous and common to all mankind. Only big artists can see them and show them. On the other hand the inner world is resuscitated and made viable by the robust power of potential individuality, represented as a whole image due to the brilliance and energy of an artist named Karen Smbatyan, who has acquired the gifts of nature so abundantly.
Ilya Kabakov
Painter, Moscow 1976

</doc>
<doc id="36600562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600562" title="1997 Oregon Ducks football team">
1997 Oregon Ducks football team

The 1997 Oregon Ducks football team represented the University of Oregon during the 1997 college football season.

</doc>
<doc id="36600644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600644" title="List of state leaders in 375 BC">
List of state leaders in 375 BC

The column "Title" refers to being "of the state in question" (e.g. "Emperor" under the heading "Japan" means "Emperor of Japan") unless otherwise stated.
Middle East and Asia Minor.
Persia.
At this time, the Persian rulers were also rulers of the following conquered countries:

</doc>
<doc id="36600678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600678" title="Eivind Henriksen">
Eivind Henriksen

Eivind Henriksen (born 1990) is a Norwegian athlete. He was born in Oslo. He qualified for the hammer throw at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36600795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600795" title="Fair Work Building and Construction">
Fair Work Building and Construction

Fair Work Building & Construction (FWBC) is an independent, specialist federal government agency responsible for regulating workplace relations in Australia’s building and construction industry. FWBC was created by the Building and Construction Industry Improvement Amendment (Transition to Fair Work) Bill 2012. 
The agency has offices in Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide, Canberra, Hobart, Darwin and Perth. <br>
Fair Work Building Industry Inspectors also visit construction sites in cities and towns in regional Australia to ensure all employers and employees in the building industry are complying with federal law.
Functions.
FWBC’s role, as set out in the Building and Construction Industry Improvement Amendment (Transition to Fair Work) Bill 2012 includes:
Recovering wages and entitlements.
FWBC enforces minimum wages in the industry, and assists workers to find out their correct wages and entitlements. Most workers in the Australian building and construction industry are covered by the Building and Construction General On-site Award 2010, or an enterprise bargaining agreement, which sets out their payment and conditions. Workers are also covered by the National Employment Standards, which enforces certain conditions such as annual leave, maximum hours of work each week, public holiday entitlements and flexible working arrangements. <br>
FWBC is responsible for investigating complaints relating to wages, sham contracting, or any other denial of workers entitlements within the building and construction industry. In most cases of underpayment, FWBC endeavours to assist the parties to resolve wage and entitlement disputes voluntarily prior to initiating a full investigation.
Educating and advising building and construction participants of their rights and responsibilities.
FWBC conducts presentations on the rights and responsibilities of building industry participants, and responds to enquiries for advice and assistance. The agency produces and distributes fact sheets on legislation, regulations and industrial relations practices, and distributes updates on topics affecting the industry.<br>
The agency conducts specialist educational campaigns focusing on minority groups within the industry—such as youth, or culturally and linguistically diverse workers.
Investigating, auditing and litigating.
Fair Work Building Industry Inspectors conduct site visits, inspections and audits, to monitor compliance against the Fair Work Act 2009 (FW Act) (which replaced the Workplace Relations Act 1996), National Code, federal awards, enterprise agreements, and unfair services contracts provisions of the Independent Contractors Act 2006 (IC Act).
Contraventions that FWBC will investigate include:
If FWBC determines a contravention has occurred, the agency may commence legal action against the offender. FWBC also has the power to intervene in court proceedings—and Fair Work Australia proceedings—that involve a building industry participant or building work. Maximum penalties for each contravention are $6,600 for an individual and $33,000 for an organisation.
Advisory board.
On 26 July 2012, an FWBC Advisory Board was appointed by the then Minister for Workplace Relations, Bill Shorten. 
The Board was created to make recommendations to FWBC about policies to guide the performance of its functions and the exercise of its powers, as well as the priorities and programs to be implemented by the agency. The Board comprises the FWBC Chief Executive, the Fair Work Ombudsman, and five other industry participants with specialist knowledge of workplace relations and the building and construction industry.

</doc>
<doc id="36600804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600804" title="Zavaliv">
Zavaliv

Zavaliv () (formerly ) is a village (formerly a town) in the western part of Pidhaitsi Raion (district) of Ternopil Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. Until 1990 Zavaliv belonged to Berezhany Raion. The village is situated on the right bank of Zolota Lypa (stands for "Golden Lime Tree") river, 18 km away from the district center of Pidhaitsi. 
Hamlet Kamiana Hora was united with the village. Due to the resettlement of people, hamlet Zamche was removed from the registration data.
History.
In 1725 Zavaliv was granted Magdeburg rights. In the second half of the 19th century, there were 191 houses and 1285 inhabitants (698 Ukrainian Greek-Catholics, 587 mainly Polish (some Ukrainian) Roman Catholics, 12 Germans, 17 Jews and a few Armenians) in the village. Zavaliv had a stone-built Polish Roman Catholic church and Ukrainian Greek-Catholic Church of Saint Nicholas the Wonderworker.
Ukrainian writer Ivan Franko visited the village during the Easter holiday of 1883 and a month later, he wrote an article about two remarkable icons of local St. Nicholas church.

</doc>
<doc id="36600862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600862" title="Mark Comfort">
Mark Comfort

Mark Everett Comfort (Oklahoma, February 6, 1934 – Sprague River, Oregon, November 6, 1976) was a community activist who worked in early Oakland grassroots civil rights movements in the 1960s, before moving to Lowndes County, Alabama.
He helped in the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) Black Panther project in Lowndes County, Alabama with security and self-defense against the Ku Klux Klan. He asked Stokely Carmichael if he could use the Panther name and idea to try and spread it. Carmichael told him it belonged to "the people and he should feel free to use it." With permission, he returned to Oakland and started his own Black Panther project in 1965 called the Oakland Direct Action Committee (ODAC) and was its head. He later found that other local groups liked the Black Panther name as well. He also started clubs for young black males called the Alm Boy Dukes and the Enchanted Maffions.
Mark Comfort married a caucasian woman, Gloria Black (Oakland, California, July 16, 1937 – Klamath Falls, Oregon, October 11, 2010), on March 27, 1953, in Oakland. Mark's wife was once blocked from entering a Black Panther Party (BPP) office by a Panther member. Bobby Seale, BPP co-founder, told that member, "Are you stupid? Let her into that office." Seale felt that If Mark was a Panther, so was his wife. It didn't matter what race she was.
In 1966, the Parents Association for Better Schools was formed by Mark, his wife Gloria and members of the ODAC to press for free school lunches for needy children in the Oakland Public Schools. This project was successful, and later became the Ad Hoc Committee for Better Schools, which then worked with the Oakland School District in an effort to improve the quality of education offered to all children in the District.
In 1966, Mark Comfort was a candidate for the State Assembly and 4th in a field of nine in a campaign run almost entirely without funds.
The ODAC and BPP would worked together and would follow police after blacks were arrested and follow them to the police station and would often bail them out as well.
In 1967, a black man, Denzil Dowell, was murdered by a Contra Costa County sheriff's deputy. A grand jury ruled the killing a "justifiable homicide." The police claimed to have shot Dowell three times, but a coroner's report noted that he bled to death after being shot ten times. The family was not allowed to see the body nor to take possession of his clothing to determine how many times he had actually been shot. When Mark contacted Huey Newton and Bobby Seale, they accepted the request for assistance. The media coverage over this gave the Black Panther Party exposure into homes of millions of Americans.
In the spring of 1967, Mark, as the head of the ODAC, joined the BPP in a so-called "invasion" of the California Assembly in Sacramento, but it was nothing of the sort. They just wanted to be heard for once. The BPP even borrowed 7 of Mark's guns for the raid. At Bobby Seale's request, Mark Comfort was the last person to surrender his weapon. Upon arriving at the Assembly, the 33rd California Governor, Ronald Reagan, was speaking on the lawn to a couple hundred "future leaders" when he spotted the group of angry looking blacks approaching, and trotted off in fear. Followed by the media they entered the assembly chambers and read "Executive Mandate Number One" written by Huey Newton, who was not present because he was on parole.
The Mandate read:
"The Black Panther Party for Self-Defense calls upon the American people in general and the Black People in particular to take careful note of the racist California Legislature now considering legislation aiming at keeping black people disarmed and powerless at the very time that racist police agencies throughout the country intensify the terror, brutality, murder and repression of Black People. As the aggression of the racist American Government escalates in Vietnam, the police agencies of America escalate the repression of Black People throughout the ghettos of America. Vicious police dogs, cattle prods, and increased patrols have become familiar sights in Black communities... The Black Panther Party for Self-Defense believes that the time has come for Black people to arm themselves against this terror before it's too late."
The group surrendered their weapons and were arrested. At Bobby Seale's request, Mark Comfort was the last person to surrender his weapon. Seale was charged with possession of a concealed weapon and the others were detained under an obscure law that made it illegal to disrupt state assembly proceedings. This event brought the group into the national spotlight turning the group into a national phenomenon. This sparked interest in the BPP increasing membership across the nation. In July 1967, after the raid, the assembly passed the Mulford Act prohibiting the public carrying of loaded firearms. This forced the BPP to disarm and disband its "police patrols."
Mark Comfort was also arrested in 1967 along with Newton and Seale following a picket of The Oakland Tribune. They and members of their party were arrested on a Sacramento street for "being a public nuisance." They were defended by Beverly Axelrod, a Sacramento attorney. Mark was sentenced to 6 months in jail and served only 44 days in the Santa Rita Prison Farm after Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas gave him a stay of sentence. It was said he was to return to jail to finish his sentence for unknown reasons, and whether he did is also unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36600868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600868" title="Karoline Bjerkeli Grøvdal">
Karoline Bjerkeli Grøvdal

Karoline Bjerkeli Grøvdal (born 1990) is a Norwegian athlete. She was born in Ålesund. She qualified for the 5000 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She was Norwegian champion in 3,000 m steeplechase in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36600884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600884" title="Fred Krause House">
Fred Krause House

The Fred Krause House on W. Main St. in Hazen, North Dakota, United States, was built in 1916. It has also been known as the Joe Friedlander House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1992.
According to its NRHP nomination, it is one of "a rare few" American Foursquare homes in North Dakota that "retain essential integrity of porch, siding and decorative features."

</doc>
<doc id="36600899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600899" title="The Island Years">
The Island Years

The Island Years may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36600914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600914" title="Masoch Fund">
Masoch Fund

The Masoch Fund is a Ukrainian art association founded in 1991 in Lviv by Roman Viktyuk, Ihor Podolchak and Ihor Dyurych. Its artistic practice is connected with the tradition of European actionism and Nicolas Bourriaud’s “relational aesthetics”. The Fund is named after Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, which makes a reference to the marginal fields of culture and society and also underlines the locality (Sacher-Masoch was born in Lviv).
The ideological principle of the Masoch Fund is “Aesthetics contra Ethics”. Podolchak and Dyurych are called the masters of perfectly elaborated provocations. The Masoch Fund reveals and criticizes the fetishist mentality of modern society and tests the institutional boundaries of contemporary art.
The Masoch Fund focuses on the social, political and economic context of the Ukrainian society. Unlike other action artists whose work often refers to personal experience (Marina Abramović) or mysterial impermeability (Viennese Actionists), the Masoch Fund emphasizes the active role of its audience. It can be best compared to the work of Slovenian artists’ collective IRWIN, Danish artists’ group Superflex and the tandem of Svetlana Heger and Plamen Dejanov.
In 2006–2010, the Masoch Fund included a subsidiary production company MF Films that produced the films "Las Meninas" and "Delirium".
Selected works.
"Art in Space" (1993).
The project involved two stages. The first stage was a personal exhibition of Ihor Podolchak in the outer space. The exhibition took place on board of the space station Mir on January 25, 1993. The project was documented on video (5 minutes). The exhibited objects included "Untitled" (1990), "The Look Through" (1991). The third engraving that was planned to be exhibited was dismissed by a doctor from the mission control center due to its explicit erotic content. The second stage involved sending Podolchak's artbook "Jakob Böhme" to the space station and its subsequent putting into orbit. According to the authors’ conception, the book on orbit would become the first "ARTificial" satellite of the Earth. Technical problems at the space station Mir in the late 1990s prevented this part of the project from being realized. "Art in Space" project brings up the problem of existence of a work of art outside the cultural context and, to some extent, calls out to revise the evaluation criteria for art.
"Mausoleum for the President" (1994).
The work consisted of a jar with lard and pork rinds, an electric hot plate and a photo of the first President of Ukraine Leonid Kravchuk placed in lard. When the hot plate was on, lard in the jar melted, becoming transparent and revealing the preserved (mummified) image of the President.
"Mausoleum for the President" was completed before the presidential election. It summarized the "romantic" period of the modern history of Ukraine – acquiring independence. The project proclaimed liberation of Ukrainian people from mental constraints which prevented them from gaining real independence. The topic of mausoleum was a provocation that implied historical parallels and political speculations. The work represented a search for the national recipe of mummification (lard and pork rinds are Ukrainian "totemic accessories").
"Climax" (1994).
The project was presented by Ihor Podolchak and Ihor Dyurych to George Soros during his meeting with Ukrainian artists. Soros was suggested to build a 40 meters high ice pyramid superstructure over Mount Everest. As a result, the highest peak on the Earth would reach symbolic 8,888 meters – four infinity symbols that would represent humanistic aspirations of the mankind. However, Soros humorously refused to participate in the project.
"Happy Victory Day, Mr. Muller!" (1995).
On May 8, 1995, on the anniversary date of the end of World War II on the Eastern Front, 5500 Müllers (bearers of the most common and emblematic German surname) who lived in Berlin received greetings from the Masoch Fund saying “Happy Victory Day!”. The greeting card featured the image of 1945 Reichstag with a red flag and 1995 Bulgarian artist Christo’s wrapped Reichstag as a supermarket product – the symbols of the beginning and the end of the 50 years long post-war history. The project deconstructed the image of “winners and losers” in World War II. In 1995, Germany was an economically and politically powerful state, while the Soviet Union that had seemingly won the war already seized to exist.
"The Last Jewish Pogrom" (1995).
"The Last Jewish Pogrom" was announced not as an art project but as a real event. Each spectator had to become a participant and choose the role of either the victim or the pogrom-maker. “Victims” were numbered and bonded to comply with the rules on the “pogrom territory” (not to leave the room, not to consume alcohol, etc.), and “pogrom makers” received a shot of vodka at the entrance. Most participants chose the roles of victims. The actual pogrom did not happen. The Masoch Fund organized an auction, and the “pogrom makers” became “schindlers” (the myth of Oskar Schindler) and ransomed the “victims”. The action raised the problem of responsibility of choice and safety of artistic space.
"The Last Concert Tour in Ukraine" (2000).
On the day when Bill Clinton was giving a speech in Kiev, the Masoch Fund stuck around posters “The Last Concert Tour in Ukraine” featuring the American President playing sax. The official tour of the head of a foreign state was reduced to a concert tour of a mediocre musician.
"The Best Artists of the 20th Century" (2001).
Curator: Jerzy Onuch. Among the best artists there were presented fictitious works of politicians (Adolf Hitler – installations, actions; Mao Zedong – actions, video art; Nikita Khrushchev – land art, actions; Kim Il-sung – self-portraits); scientists (Sigmund Freud – video art); criminals (Bonny and Clyde – wedding photo album; Al Capone – “racket art”, etc.). All participants of the project were represented not only by their quasi artworks (which in fact were created by Podolchak), but also by their personalized product brands (Saddam Hussein – perfumes, Ulrike Meinhof – insurance business, etc.)
This project of the Masoch Fund was selected for the first Ukrainian exhibition at the 2001 Venice Biennale. After the notorious interference of the deputy prime minister of Ukraine Mykola Zhulynsky, the project was cancelled.
"From the Masoch Fund to the People of Ukraine" (2005).
This conceptual project involved several possible scenarios of development of Ukraine, such as “Picturesque Ukraine”, “Masochistic Ukraine”, “Marginal Ukraine”, “American Ukraine”, “Multimonarchial Ukraine”, “Commercial Ukraine”. For example, the “Marginal Ukraine” project referred to border closure, cancellation of diplomatic relationships with all the countries, renewal of the nuclear power of the state, disbanding the governmental bodies, and disintegrating cities into villages. It was proposed to hold a referendum and define the principal direction of the country’s development by choosing one of the Masoch Fund’s projects.

</doc>
<doc id="36600966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600966" title="Cap-des-Rosiers Lighthouse">
Cap-des-Rosiers Lighthouse

The Cap-des-Rosiers Lighthouse () is a lighthouse in Cap-des-Rosiers in Gaspé, Quebec, Canada.
It was classified as a National Historic Site of Canada on June 11, 1973. It was listed as a Federal Heritage Building on March 31, 1994.
The Cap-des-Rosiers Lighthouse is the tallest lighthouse in Canada, standing tall. It is situated on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence River at the top of a steep cliff. It is located at the mouth of the river, where it flows into the Gulf of St. Lawrence.

</doc>
<doc id="36600975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600975" title="Escuela Militar metro station">
Escuela Militar metro station

Escuela Militar is an underground metro station on the Line 1 of the Santiago Metro, in Santiago, Chile. It is located beneath the cloverleaf-like interchange of Apoquindo Avenue and Américo Vespucio Avenue. The station was the eastern terminus of the Line 1 from 1980 to 2010, and is named for the nearby Escuela Militar del Libertador Bernardo O'Higgins.

</doc>
<doc id="36600977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600977" title="Bojana Živković">
Bojana Živković

Bojana Živković (born 1988) is a Serbian professional volleyball player. She plays for Serbia women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.
Also play for Omichka Omskaya Obl in Russian Women Superleague.

</doc>
<doc id="36600981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600981" title="Jelena Blagojević">
Jelena Blagojević

Jelena Blagojević (born 1 December 1988) is a Serbian professional volleyball player. She plays for Serbia women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36600983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600983" title="Sanja Starović">
Sanja Starović

Sanja Starović (, born 1983) is a Serbian professional volleyball player. She plays for Serbia women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.
Career.
Starović won the silver medal in the 2012 FIVB Club World Championship, playing with the Azerbaijani club Rabita Baku.
Starović's club, Rabita Baku won the Bronze medal of the 2013–14 CEV Champions League after falling 0-3 to the Russian Dinamo Kazan in the semifinals, but defeating 3-0 to the Turkish Eczacıbaşı VitrA Istanbul in the third place match.

</doc>
<doc id="36600984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600984" title="Milena Rašić">
Milena Rašić

Milena Rašić (born 1990 in Priština) is a Serbian professional volleyball player. She plays for Serbia women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36600986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36600986" title="Brankica Mihajlović">
Brankica Mihajlović

Brankica Mihajlović (born 1991) is a Serbian professional volleyball player. She plays for Serbia women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.
Career.
Mihajlović won the silver medal at the 2013 Club World Championship playing with Unilever Vôlei.

</doc>
<doc id="36601010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601010" title="Miguel Faria">
Miguel Faria

Miguel A. Faria, Jr. (born 30 September 1952) is an associate editor-in-chief and a world affairs editor of "Surgical Neurology International". He is a retired neurosurgeon and neuroscientist, editor and author, medical historian and ethicist, public health critic, defender of the Second Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, and advocate of freedom in medicine.
Early Life and education.
Faria was born in Sancti Spiritus, Cuba. Faria's parents were members of the urban underground Revolutionary Directorate ("Directorio Revolucionario Estudantil"; "DRE") under and Rolando Cubela that fought an urban as well rural countryside insurrection against the dictator Fulgencio Batista. Faria (age 13) and his father, also a physician, were prompted to a daring escape from Cuba while under the watch of Castro's G2 (i.e., state security). A police informant attempted to trap and implicate the elder Faria in collaborating with the anticommunist rebels fighting in the so-called War against the Bandits. Their escape was successful, despite the inquiries and pursuit of the G2 police, and the tale of their escape through several Caribbean islands is also narrated in Faria's book.
Faria attended Eau Claire High School in Columbia, South Carolina and graduated in 1970. He entered and completed his undergraduate studies at the University of South Carolina, receiving a BS degree (Biology and Psychology) and graduating magna cum laude in 1973.
He then attended the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston, South Carolina, and was inducted into Alpha Omega Alpha Medical Honor Society (1975) in his second year. Faria graduated with honors, receiving the Merck's Manual Award for scholastic achievement, and earning his M.D. degree in 1977. Faria completed his surgical internship at Shands Teaching Hospital at the University of Florida (1977–1978), and his neurosurgical residency at Emory University (1978–1983).
Professional life.
Faria practiced neurosurgery in Macon, Georgia, at HCA Coliseum Medical Centers, where he served as Chief of staff in 1987. Faria was also clinical professor of neurosurgery (ret.) and adjunct professor of medical history (ret.) at Mercer University School of Medicine. Faria has written over 200 medical, scientific, and professional articles as well as letters or editorials published in the medical literature. More than 70 of these articles are currently indexed in PubMed. His interests range from brain surgery for the removal of cerebral tumors; traumatic blood clots of the brain; diagnosis and treatment of pituitary tumors via microsurgery; diagnosis and treatment of cerebral aneurysms and arteriovenous malformations; radiographic techniques; diagnosis, evaluation, and treatment of the Chiari type I and II malformations; advances in neurosurgery; to medical history and politics.
Faria served on the Injury Research Grant Review Committee (later renamed the Initial Review Group ) of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) from 2002–2005, reviewing grants seeking public funding for scientific and technical merit in the area of injury prevention and control.
His appointment to the CDC committee was of great interest to public health because during the 1990s, Faria was involved in the gun control debate regarding the CDC's National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCIPC). Faria and other critics felt the NCIPC's program on gun violence was involved in gun politics and biased against gun owners, promoting "politicized, result-oriented research." In March 1996, Faria testified before the U.S. House Appropriations Subcommittee for Labor, Health, and Human Services to that effect stating, "I have yet to see a published report that has been funded by the NCIPC in which the benefits of firearms in the hands of law-abiding citizens have been published even though they are there ... if you don't conclude that guns are bad and that they need to be eradicated because they are a 'public health menace,' they are not published." Faria wanted to defund the NCIPC entirely but Congress opted to act by prohibiting the CDC from funding gun research and proscribed public health officials from using taxpayer's money in lobbying and participating in politically partisan activities. In more recent interviews, Faria's views on his testimony appear to remain unaltered. 
Humanitarian Effort.
In March 1990, Faria traveled to El Salvador as part of a fact-finding mission sponsored by Accuracy in Media (AIM), an organization headed at that time by the late Reed Irvine and Joseph Goulden. Faria agreed with AIM that the American media coverage of news from El Salvador was biased against the conservative government and favored the Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front (FMLN) insurgents. During this trip to El Salvador, Faria visited hospitals and orphanages. He found that while neighboring Sandinista Nicaragua directed its efforts almost solely for war, the government of El Salvador, despite the ongoing war against the communist rebels of the FMLN, directed much of its resources toward the welfare of its citizens in health and education. After his return to the United States, Faria, who was then serving as chief-of-staff at HCA Coliseum Medical Centers in Macon, Georgia, convinced Dr. Thomas F. Frist, Jr., CEO of Hospital Corporation of America (HCA), to send humanitarian assistance to El Salvador. As a result of Faria's effort, Salvadoran hospitals received a large shipment of medications, beds, wheelchairs and a variety of physical therapy equipment at a cost of $550,000. The assistance to the poor, war devastated country was received with gratitude.
Publications and Editorships.
During 1993–1995, Faria was the editor of the "Journal of the Medical Association of Georgia", taking that state medical journal to national prominence and controversy, which resulted in pressure on him to resign. Faria has also described the circumstances surrounding his resignation in correspondence and in his book "Medical Warrior". In 1996 Faria founded and served as editor-in-chief of the "Medical Sentinel" of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS). As editor of the "Medical Sentinel", Faria called for an "open data, public review policy in peer reviewed medical journalism." He called for other medical journal editors to post research data online thereby allowing investigators to validate scientific conclusions before public policy is implemented, particularly in the area of public health. The purpose of this policy is to ensure that public policy is dictated by sound scientific principles and not by premature assertions or tainted by politics or ideology. Faria left AAPS in 2002 to pursue other interests.
From 2004 to 2010, Faria served on the Editorial Board of "Surgical Neurology", an international journal of neurosurgery, formerly the "Official International Journal of the Neurosurgical Societies of Belgium, Brazil, China, Romania, Russia, and Taiwan". "Surgical Neurology International" ("SNI"), its successor publication, is also headed by James I. Ausman, M.D., editor-in-chief. Faria now serves with "SNI" as one of its editors, along with his friend and colleague, Dr. Russell Blaylock. In 2003 Faria published an interesting three part history of surgery article, "Violence, Mental Illness, and the Brain – A Brief History of Psychosurgery" that has received some notoriety in medical history circles, as well as the popular culture, where it was cited with humor. 
Faria has written or coauthored several chapters in medical textbooks, and his works are cited and referenced in a number of other books and publications. He is the author of three books: "Vandals at the Gates of Medicine — Historic Perspectives on the Battle Over Health Care Reform" (1995), "Medical Warrior: Fighting Corporate Socialized Medicine" (1997), and "Cuba in Revolution: Escape From a Lost Paradise" (2002). Faria's last historical and autobiographical book, "Cuba in Revolution – Escape From a Lost Paradise", details his childhood experiences and his family's involvement in the Cuban Revolution.
Endeavors in history.
Faria has also studied Soviet communism and the Cold War and has written articles and reviewed books detailing many of the crimes committed by former Soviet tyrant Joseph Stalin and other totalitarian dictators. Most recently in a historic and medical article published in "Surgical Neurology International" entitled "Stalin's Mysterious Death", Faria cited compelling evidence that the Russian dictator was poisoned by members of his inner circle, including Lavrentiy Beria and others, who feared for their own survival. He continues to closely follow the evolving democratic process in Russia today. Faria continues to write and edit articles on science, politics, history, and socio-economic topics for numerous journals and websites, particularly "Surgical Neurology International" and RealClearHistory.

</doc>
<doc id="36601014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601014" title="Fernanda Garay">
Fernanda Garay

Fernanda Garay Rodrigues (born May 10, 1986 in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian professional volleyball player of Fenerbahçe İstanbul. She plays for Brazil women's national volleyball team. She was a member of the gold-medal-winning team in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.
Career.
Garay is a sergeant and she played at the 2011 Military World Games volleyball tournament, winning the won the gold medal and the Most Valuable Player and Best Spiker individual awards.
Playing with Sollys Nestlé Osasco, Garay won the gold medal in the 2012 FIVB Club World Championship held in Doha, Qatar.
Garay was awarded Best Spiker of the 2012/13 season of the Brazilian Superliga playing with Sollys/Nestlé. She was announced to play for Fenerbahçe for the 2013/14 club season.
She won one of the Best Outside Hitters award during the 2013 South American Championship. Her National Team won the Continental Championship qualifying to the 2013 World Grand Champions Cup and the 2014 World Championship.
References.
11. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Volleyball_at_the_2012_Summer_Olympics_%E2%80%93_Women%27s_tournament_South_American_qualification#Individual_awards

</doc>
<doc id="36601016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601016" title="Natália Pereira">
Natália Pereira

Natália Zilio Pereira (born 4 April 1989) is a Brazilian professional volleyball player. She plays for Brazil women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36601018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601018" title="Tandara Caixeta">
Tandara Caixeta

Tandara Caixeta (born 1988) is a Brazilian professional volleyball player. She plays for Brazil women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36601020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601020" title="Fernanda Ferreira">
Fernanda Ferreira

Fernanda Ferreira, known as Fernandinha (born January 10 of 1980) is a Brazilian professional volleyball player. She plays for Brazil women's national volleyball team. She has competed and won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36601035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601035" title="Norton Manor Camp">
Norton Manor Camp

Norton Manor Camp (NMC) is a Royal Marines military camp located in the civil parish of Norton Fitzwarren, Somerset, England, situated north west of Taunton.
Norton Camp.
Norton Camp is a large hillfort, and shows evidence of occupation from neolithic times. Thought to have been on the boundary between two tribes, it is one of the earliest sites of permanent human occupation within the Taunton area. It was later occupied through the Bronze Age to the Roman occupation of the local area.
By the early 18th century, the land around the hill was owned by Norton Manor. Silk mills had occupied the Taunton side of the brook that marked the parish boundary, while in the early 20th century the Norton side had been developed as parkland, or left as farmland.
Logistics depot.
World War 2.
With the outbreak of the Second World War, the British Army were in desperate need of modern logistics facilities, positioned with easy access to the major port and transport facilities, yet away from the major Nazi-Luftwaffe targets.
Norton Fitzwarren is on the former Bristol and Exeter Railway mainline, which was operated and then taken over by the GWR in 1890. The station became an important junction station, with access within an hour to:
Resultantly, the station for a relatively small village was quite extensive, having two island platforms creating four platforms. Thanks also to the extensive local silk mills, there were also extensive existing freight handling facilities within the Fairwater Yard, a large regional freight yard located south of the mainline.
US Army G50 depot.
Commissioned by the Royal Army Service Corps after completion as a logistics and distribution depot for them in early 1941, the United States Army took over Norton Manor Camp as part of Operation Bolero in 1942, one of their 18 supplies depots within the United Kingdom. Redesignated Quartermaster General Depot G-50, they equipped it with extensive railway sidings to the northeast of the railway station.
Part of the reasoning behind the choice of the depot was that it was one of five within the 18 designated as a US Army Medical Corps supplies depot. Medical supplies were allocated of under cover storage, and a further outside. The US Army also locally developed the 67th General Hospital at Musgrove Park. Both facilities under the control of the US Army Medical Corps came into operation on 1 September 1942.
PoW Camp: No.665 Cross Keys.
In 1941, the British Army established a 300 person Prisoner of War camp on a northern part of the site at Burnshill, designated POW Camp No.665 Cross Keys. Initially housing Italian Army prisoners from the Western Desert Campaign, it later housed German prisoners post the Battle of Normandy. All prisoners stationed there were considered a low security risk, and were offered work within the supplies depot, which came with resultant generous supplies of food and rations, or on the various local farms. The Italians were particularly popular with the local people, often offering sweets and fruit to the local children. The German prisoners were also popular, as they had been vetted and deemed non-Nazis.
Post WW2: 1945-1966.
After the end of hostilities, the US Army handed the base back to the British Army. It was decided to retain Norton Manor Camp, and utilise its extensive logistics capability by becoming the Royal Army Ordnance Corps central overseas supplies depot.
Redesignated No.3 Supply Reserve Depot, the Army equipped it with a civil workforce, who were charged with sourcing, buying and then packing various supplies packs, mainly ration food but also other supplies, for British Army units stationed around the world across the quickly diminishing British Empire.
From 1950 until 1961 Norton Manor Camp was home to 8(Basic Trades)Trg Bn REME and was responsible for training vehicle mechanics.
British Army training base: 1966-1983.
Despite extensive lobbying by local MP Edward du Cann on the Under-Secretary of State for Defence for the Army Merlyn Rees, the decision was made to close the depot in 1966. With the branchline to also to be closed under the Beeching Axe, the station at Norton Fitzwarren was closed by British Railways in the same year.
From the early 1960s to the late 1970s, the base was the main camp of the Junior Leaders Regiment of the Royal Corps of Transport, vetting and then training boys from age 15 to 17½ to be army transport drivers.
Redevelopment.
After the decision to move the Royal Logistic Corps and their training base to Catterick Garrison, the base size was rationalised. A separate Norton Manor Camp was established on the northern part of the site, including the former PoW camp, with a secure fence and facilities.
The western part of the site close to the railway was sold off to either commercial developers (including a new production site for Taunton Blackthorn Cider), re-utilised as a cheap trading estate, or sold onwards to Taunton Deane borough council for redevelopment as housing.
By the early 21st century, agreement was reached to redevelop the site again. Only four of the original Army supply depot warehouses now survive, with the rest demolished to build a new trading estate, 500 new homes, and a new road system to bypass Norton Fitzwarren.
Royal Marines: 1983-present.
With easy access to the ideal combined training territory contained within the Blackdown and Quantock Hills, as well as the Somerset Levels, from 1983 the camp has been home to 40 Commando, Royal Marines.
The base is fully supporting of the Marines and their families, providing a range of accommodation suites and houses; a medical centre; dental surgery; education centre; library; internet suite; RI shop; Naafi/Spar shop and families centre. School-aged children are provided with complimentary transport to educated within local state schools.
Refreshed and in part rebuilt, the camp includes extensive fitness and gymnasium facilities, with: a large fully equipped gymnasium; separate indoor arena for football and basketball; indoor swimming pool and squash and tennis courts. Outside is a climbing tower; an all-weather pitch; individual pitches for both football and rugby; and a camp perimeter circuit track.
Shoulder to Shoulder.
In 2010, the Somerset County Gazette launched the "Shoulder to Shoulder" campaign, allowing local people to directly support 40 Commando. The campaign received backing from the UK Government, and from Foreign Office Minister Alistair Burt and Taunton Deane MP and fellow Foreign Office Minister Jeremy Browne.

</doc>
<doc id="36601050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601050" title="Giulia Rondon">
Giulia Rondon

Giulia Rondon (born 1987) is an Italian professional volleyball player. She plays for Italy women's national volleyball team. She competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36601052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601052" title="Monica De Gennaro">
Monica De Gennaro

Monica De Gennaro (born 8 January 1987) is an Italian professional volleyball player. She plays for Italy women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36601055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601055" title="Caterina Bosetti">
Caterina Bosetti

Caterina Chiara Bosetti (born February 2, 1994 in Tradate) is an Italian professional volleyball player. She plays for Italy women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.
Career.
Bosetti won the silver medal in the 2014 FIVB Club World Championship after her club lost 0-3 to the Russian Dinamo Kazan in the championship match.

</doc>
<doc id="36601056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601056" title="Valentina Arrighetti">
Valentina Arrighetti

Valentina Arrighetti (born January 26th 1985, Genoa) is an Italian professional volleyball player. She plays for Italy women's national volleyball team as a middle blocker, as well as playing at club level for Volley Bergamo. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall and weighs 72kg.

</doc>
<doc id="36601059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601059" title="Antonella Del Core">
Antonella Del Core

Antonella Del Core (born 5 November 1980 in Naples, Italy) is an Italian professional volleyball player. She plays for Italy women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2004 and 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall. She won the Best Server award of the 2013–14 CEV Champions League and won the title with the Russian club Dinamo Kazan.
Career.
Del Core won with the Russian club Dinamo Kazan the 2013–14 CEV Champions League held in Baku, Azerbaijan, defeating 3-0 the home owners Rabita Baku in the semifinals and 3-0 to the Turkish VakıfBank İstanbul in the final. She was awarded tournament Best Server.
Del Core won the 2014 FIVB Club World Championship gold medal playing with the Russian club Dinamo Kazan that defeated 3-0 the Brazilian Molico Osasco in the championship match.

</doc>
<doc id="36601060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601060" title="Lucia Bosetti">
Lucia Bosetti

Lucia Bosetti (born 9 July 1989 in Tradate) is an Italian professional volleyball player for Fenerbahçe. 
She plays for Italy women's national volleyball team. She has competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36601067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601067" title="List of museums in Iceland">
List of museums in Iceland

This is a list of museums in Iceland.

</doc>
<doc id="36601079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601079" title="Meredith Shaw">
Meredith Shaw

Meredith Shaw is a singer, songwriter, and radio personality based in Toronto, Ontario.
Background.
Shaw was born and raised in Toronto. As a child, she took piano, guitar, and voice lessons.
She attended the arts-oriented high school Branksome Hall in Toronto, and went on to study opera and theatre arts at Queen's University in Kingston.
Career.
Shaw got her big break when Gordie Johnson of the band Big Sugar heard her singing and took her under his wing. Soon it was agreed that Johnson would produce Shaw's debut album. He took her down to Willie Nelson's Pedernales studio in Spicewood, Texas to record.
In 2011, Shaw was hired by Boom 97.3, a radio station in Toronto. She can be heard on Saturdays and Sundays from 12pm to 6pm. During her time at Boom 97.3, she has interviewed artists ranging from Serena Ryder and The Spoons to Gordie Johnson and JD Fortune (INXS). She has introduced concerts by The Beach Boys, Platinum Blonde, and Anjulie.
Recordings.
Albums.
Her debut album, "Place Called Happy", was released in 2011. Gordie Johnson took Shaw on tour with his band Big Sugar that same year. Every night of the tour, Johnson brought Shaw on stage for a mash-up of her single "Acted Badly" and Big Sugar's "Turn The Lights On."
The last song on "Place Called Happy" is called " Girls Who Believe," and it is a song that has taken on a life of its own subsequent to the album's release. It was featured in an episode of the TV show "" and has spawned a community-based initiative called Girls Who Believe, spearheaded by Shaw, which began in 2012 as a series of workshops for girls aged 11 to 17 that ranged in topics from music and creativity to self-esteem. Shaw, along with sponsor Slaight Music, has created the now annual "Girls Who Believe Fest" featuring an all-female lineup (the 2013 fest included Meredith Shaw, Molly Thomas, and Ladies of the Canyon), female media personalities, and female-run businesses showcased in an onsite marketplace. The funds raised from the fest go towards the non-profit organization Girls Inc.
EPs.
"Trouble" was released in May 2013. It is the first of a planned series of three three-song EPs, which Shaw has deemed "tringles." The EPs will each feature guest artists and producers. "Trouble" was produced by Joel Plaskett; John-Angus MacDonald, of The Trews is lined up for the second one. Shaw has decided it makes more sense for her musically right now to aim for a series of shorter, more regular releases rather than having to wait a longer time to put together a full album. Many of her newer songs, she has said, were inspired by experiences she's had since recording her first album, including all the touring she did with Big Sugar.
The second EP is called "Hardest Goodbye" and will be released on March 4, 2014.
Non-musical activities.
In 2007, Shaw founded the Toronto-based company Muffymade, which sells greeting cards, notepads, chocolates, mugs, and apparel.
In 2012, she was signed to the Ben Barry Agency in Toronto. She has modeled in campaigns including Spanner and Walmart and has participated in Toronto Fashion Week.
She is also frequently seen on Canadian television, appearing regularly on CBC's Steven and Chris, CTV's The Marilyn Denis SHow, and CityTV's Cityline.
Film and TV placements.
“Girls Who Believe” in Degrassi: The Next Generation

</doc>
<doc id="36601080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601080" title="Charles Leighton">
Charles Leighton

Charles Leighton (24 June 1921 – 26 June 2009) was an American virtuoso classical and jazz harmonica player who flourished from the mid-1940s to the mid-1950s, then — after a hiatus while managing a recording studio that he co-founded — reemerged in the mid-1980s and continued to play publicly until his death. He had been member of harmonica ensembles of international rank; he had performed as soloist; and he had recorded as studio musician for radio, television, and film.
Leighton, in the mid-1950s, founded a small, prolific recording studio — JAC Recording, Inc. — which was housed in his apartment on the eighth floor at 152 West 58th Street (Apartment 8D), Manhattan, New York. In the late 1950s, his studio hired Phil Ramone whom Leighton and other engineers from the studio mentored. Ramone, who attributes his first love of studio engineering to Leighton, went on to become one of the most prolific producers and recording engineers of pop music, jazz, and notably, rock n roll.
Career history.
Charles Leighton, a native New Yorker, taught himself to play the harmonica at the age of twelve. At age sixteen (1937), Leighton began to tour the United States, playing in vaudeville theaters as lead harmonica with harmonica groups, including the Philharmonicas and the Cappy Barra Harmonica Gentlemen.
The 1940s, he worked in Hollywood, both in the studio and on screen, appearing in motion pictures for Columbia and RKO. During this time he also played country music on the radio with The Hollywood Barn Dance and The Hoagy Carmichael Show, and recorded with The Riders Of The Purple Sage, Merle Travis, Johnny Bond, and The Andrew Sisters.
Leighton later returned to New York and signed with USO Camp Shows and toured throughout Japan, Korea, and China, entertaining the Military. After this tour, he returned home to work as a studio musician playing on numerous radio and television commercials and recorded with entertainers that included Dean Martin, Dinah Shore, Harry Belafonte, Mitch Miller, Andre Kostelanetz, Clint Eastwood, Hugh Downs, Dionne Warwick.
By the mid-1950s Leighton co-founded and operated a recording studio — JAC Recording, Inc. — giving up playing entirely. Years later a friend asked him to practice and record a harmonica transcription of a flute solo called "Poem" by Charles Griffes. Never having heard the piece and initially underestimating its difficulty, Leighton agreed to do it. He produced a studio recording and the exercise served as an impetus for embarking on a follow-up project which led to a full classical CD.
Tuesdays at Charlie Leighton's.
For nearly 30 years, up until just before his death, Leighton hosted jam sessions at his 8th floor apartment every Tuesday at 3 PM. He called it "Leighton's Leightons". Members included Charles Spranklin (Charles Edward Spranklin; born 1932), William Galison, Randy Weinstein, Stan Harper, Stanley Silverstone, Gregoire Maret, Phil Caltabelotta, and Rob Paparozzi.
Selected discography.
As soloist, classical
As soloist, jazz
As guest soloist, jazz
As sideman
As part of compilations, collections
Singles available via streaming on the internet
Filmography.
As membger of the Cappy Barra Boys Harmonica Quartet
Family.
Charles Leighton was married to Rosanne G. "Ro" Leighton (1928–2002). They had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="36601082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601082" title="Jamal Abdulrahman">
Jamal Abdulrahman

Jamal Abdulrahman is a kuwait football Defender who played for Kuwait in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Qadesiya

</doc>
<doc id="36601083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601083" title="Ehsan Rouzbahani">
Ehsan Rouzbahani

Ehsan Rouzbahani (; born June 23, 1988 in Tehran) is an Iranian amateur boxer who competed at the 2012 Olympics at light heavyweight.
At the 2010 Asian Games he lost his second bout to Elshod Rasulov.
At the 2011 World Amateur Boxing Championships he beat three fighters including Joe Ward then lost again to veteran Elshod Rasulov (UZB). He qualified for the Olympics.
At the 2012 Olympics he defeated Jeysson Monroy (COL) in his first bout. In the round of 16, he defeated number 6th seed, Bahram Muzaffer (TUR). The Iranian edged past the first round 5-4 and the Turkish boxer clinched the second round with a similar result. In the final round, Rouzbahani gained the upper hand and upped his work rate and Muzaffer could not cope with the sudden injection of pace. Rouzbahani lost in the quarterfinals to Adilbek Niyazymbetov of Kazakhstan, with a final score of 10-13.

</doc>
<doc id="36601124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601124" title="Edward Vernon Utterson">
Edward Vernon Utterson

Edward Vernon Utterson (1775/1776 – 14 July 1856) was a British lawyer, literary antiquary, collector and editor. He was a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries, one of the original members of the Roxburghe Club, a member of the Athenaeum Club, Camden Society and Royal Society of Arts, Recorder of Chichester and a Trustee of the Royal Victoria Yacht Club. He went on to become one of the Six Clerks in Chancery, a position which he kept until his retirement on the abolition of the post in 1842, and also founded the Beldornie Press.
Biography.
Born in 1775 or 1776 as the first of John Utterson of Fareham, Hampshire (who was the secretary of Sir Edward Vernon) and his wife Elizabeth's ( Elizabeth Rowe) eight children, he was baptised on 14 July 1777 at Holy Trinity church, Gosport. He was educated at Eton College, entered Trinity College, Cambridge on 17 February 1794, and Lincoln's Inn on 31 October 1794. He matriculated from Trinity College in Michaelmas term 1797 and was admitted pensioner on 17 February 1798, graduating Bachelor of Laws in 1801, and being called to the bar as a barrister on 1 February 1802.
He married Sarah Elizabeth Brown (1781–1851), daughter of the banker and radical Timothy Brown, on 2 May 1803; she translated "Tales of the Dead" in 1813, and together they had several children. He practised in the Court of Chancery and was appointed to be one of the Six Clerks in Chancery in 1815, which post he retained until it was abolished in 1842, whereupon he retired, retaining his full salary. He was appointed Recorder of Chichester in 1817, where his father had been portreeve, and he had been made customer for £12 1s in 1800; he appointed William Johnson of Chichester as his deputy, and continued in the post until he resigned in 1820, at which time the council made a resolution that "At this Assembly this Body entertain a Deep Sense of the Ability, Zeal and impartiality with which Edward Vernon Utterson Esquire has discharged his important Duties as Recorder ... and they feel the most unfeigned regret that Circumstances have compelled him to Resign ..."
Politically, he was "an uncompromising Tory of the old school, and a most implacable enemy of the system of 'retrenchment' which followed in the wake of the passing of the Reform Bill". Utterson lived at 1 Elm Court, Temple, and 19 Great Ordmond Street while a member of the Royal Society of Arts from 1805 to 1806, then 32 Great Coram Street, Brunswick Square, London by 1811, and 32 York Terrace, Regent's Park by 1829, but from about 1835 he resided first at Newport, Isle of Wight, before moving to Ryde, living first at Buckland Grange (which before his time was a farm called Ryde House; this name was transferred to a new house built nearer the sea by George Player), and then building Beldornie Tower, Pelham Field, where he set up the Beldornie Press in 1840. When Edward Dawes was elected Member of Parliament for the Isle of Wight in May 1851 on the principles of free trade, Utterson "took such umbrage that he removed from Ryde", though he and his wife had been registered as living at 16 Suffolk Street, St Martins in the Fields, London, during the 1851 Census, held two months before.
His wife died on 22 September 1851, and after this he held the first sale of his library, from 19 to 27 April 1852. Utterson himself died aged 80 on 14 July 1856 at Upper Brunswick Place, Hove, Brighton, and was buried at Fareham. There are memorial tablets in St Thomas's Church, Ryde, to him and his wife.
Leisure.
Collector.
Like his father, Utterson was a collector of books, drawings and prints, and has been described as "a book-collector of real importance and high rank. He had taste, knowledge and experience". It is believed that he must have started his collection early in the 19th century, and he was elected a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries in 1807. He was one of the eighteen members who founded the Roxburghe Club at dinner at the St. Albans Tavern, St Albans Street, London, on 17 June 1812, which he remained a member of until his death in 1856.
He edited a number of books from 1812 to 1839, and then founded his own press, Beldornie Press, publishing a number of notable reprints from 1840–1843. These books were printed in very limited numbers, of no more than about twelve to twenty, each copy numbered in print or handwriting. Utterson presented a copy of all of these to John Payne Collier on discovering the interest he had in early English literature. Collier discovered a number of inconsistencies in the books, which he attributed primarily to the scribes and compositors employed by Utterson for Beldornie Press, and published a note to that effect in the January 5, 1856 issue of "Notes and Queries", assuming Utterson to be dead. Utterson quickly wrote to him in person, informing him that he was alive and well, and Collier wrote a second note in the next issue, apologising for the confusion. His warning over the accuracy of the Beldornie Press reprints, however, still stands.
Artist.
Utterson was also a talented amateur artist, and many of his works remain in the British Museum to this day.
Yachtsman.
Utterson owned the yacht "Iris" of Ryde, and was elected a member of the English division of the Royal Western Yacht Squadron in Portsmouth on 27 October 1835. He was also made a Trustee of the Royal Victoria Yacht Club in Ryde, Isle of Wight.
Sales.
As a notable collector, sales of Utterson's books, prints and so on were well advertised events at the time. The first sale of his books was during his lifetime, probably induced by ill health. It ran for eight days from 19 to 27 April 1852, auctioned by S.L. Sotheby & J. Wilkinson, realising £4805, and was followed by the auction of his collection of drawings and engravings.
The second sale of his book collection ran for seven days, from 20 to 27 March 1857, eight months after his death, and amounted to £4050.

</doc>
<doc id="36601127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601127" title="Sultaniya (disambiguation)">
Sultaniya (disambiguation)

Sultaniya (, ) also spelled Soltaniyeh and Sultaniye, is a Perso-Arabic word meaning "belonging to Sultan". It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36601132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601132" title="Millepora squarrosa">
Millepora squarrosa

Millepora squarrosa, also known as "Millepora striata", is a species of fire coral that can be found in the Caribbean Sea as well as in the West Atlantic. They have a smooth surface covered in tiny pores from which polyps protrude. They can reach up to 5 centimeters in height and can range from brown or tan in color with slight purple or red tints. It is commonly known as "Box fire coral", which refers to its box-like structure and the stinging sensation felt when touched with a bare hand.

</doc>
<doc id="36601157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601157" title="GJ 1062">
GJ 1062

GJ 1062 is a M2 class star located at Right ascension 03h 38m 15s and declination -11° 29” 2 in the constellation of Eridanus. The star has a total proper motion of 3.033 "/yr, making it the 25th fastest-moving star in terms of angular position as seen from Earth, and its radial velocity is -18 km/s. At a distance of 16.03 parsecs and with an absolute magnitude of 13.1, this star has an apparent magnitude of 14.6 when viewed from Earth.
The star is also known as LHS20, YPC 757.00 and Ross 578.

</doc>
<doc id="36601172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601172" title="Cristoforo Vidman">
Cristoforo Vidman

Cristoforo Vidman (1617 - 30 September 1660) was an Italian Catholic cardinal of German descent and cardinal-priest of St Mark's Basilica in Venice.
Early life.
Vidman was born in 1617 in Venice, though his family were originally from Germany; his father was Giovanni Vidman, Count of Ortenburg. He was educated in Venice and obtained a doctorate in utroque iure, both canon and civil law.
His family were considered Venetian nobility, having purchased titles and positions from the city of Venice which was keen to raise money to fund their role in the Thirty Years' War.
Ecclesiastic career.
During the reign of Pope Urban VIII, Vidman became cleric of the Apostolic Chamber and later its auditor, having purchased both positions in an effort to establish himself in Rome.
According to contemporary John Bargrave, it was tradition for new popes to retire those who purchased senior clerical positions by elevating them to cardinal. So it was, when Pope Innocent X was elected at the papal conclave of 1644, that Vidman was relieved of his positions to allow the new pope to sell them to prospective young clerks. Vidman, then, was elevated to cardinal in the consistory of 7 October 1647 by Pope Innocent X and was installed as cardinal-deacon at the Church of Santi Nereo e Achilleo.
Despite his elevation to cardinal, he and his brother, now a count, still delighted, "in gaming, feasting, comedies, and the company of women". 
He was appointed as legate in Urbino in 1651 and participated in the papal conclave of 1655 which elected Pope Alexander VII. He was appointed cardinal-priest of St Mark's Basilica in 1658 - a position he held until his death.
Vidman died on 30 September 1660 at the Church of San Martino al Cimino in Viterbo and was transferred to Rome.

</doc>
<doc id="36601188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601188" title="Bramble (graph theory)">
Bramble (graph theory)

In graph theory, a bramble for an undirected graph "G" is a family of connected subgraphs of "G" that all touch each other: for every pair of disjoint subgraphs, there must exist an edge in "G" that has one endpoint in each subgraph. The "order" of a bramble is the smallest size of a hitting set, a set of vertices of "G" that has a nonempty intersection with each of the subgraphs. Brambles may be used to characterize the treewidth of "G".
Treewidth and havens.
A haven of order "k" in a graph "G" is a function "β" that maps each set "X" of fewer than "k" vertices to a connected component of "G" − "X", in such a way that every two subsets "β"("X") and "β"("Y") touch each other. Thus, the set of images of "β" forms a bramble in "G", with order "k". Conversely, every bramble may be used to determine a haven: for each set "X" of size smaller than the order of the bramble, there is a unique connected component "β"("X") that contains all of the subgraphs in the bramble that are disjoint from "X".
As Seymour and Thomas showed, the order of a bramble (or equivalently, of a haven) characterizes treewidth: a graph has a bramble of order "k" if and only if it has treewidth at least .
Size of brambles.
As Grohe and Marx observed, expander graphs of bounded degree have treewidth proportional to their number of vertices, and in order to include a subgraph disjoint from every set of vertices of this size, a bramble for such a graph must include an exponential number of different subgraphs. More strongly, for these graphs, even brambles whose order is slightly larger than the square root of the treewidth must have exponential size. However, Grohe and Marx also showed that every graph of treewidth "k" has a bramble of polynomial size and of order formula_1.
Computational complexity.
Because brambles may have exponential size, it is not always possible to construct them in polynomial time for graphs of unbounded treewidth. However, when the treewidth is bounded, a polynomial time construction is possible: it is possible to find a bramble of order "k", when one exists, in time O("n""k" + 2) where "n" is the number of vertices in the given graph. Even faster algorithms are possible for graphs with few minimal separators.
Bodlaender, Grigoriev, and Koster studied heuristics for finding brambles of high order. Their methods do not always generate brambles of order close to the treewidth of the input graph, but for planar graphs they give a constant approximation ratio. Kreutzer and Tazari provide randomized algorithms that, on graphs of treewidth "k", find brambles of polynomial size and of order formula_2 within polynomial time, coming within a logarithmic factor of the order shown by to exist for polynomial size brambles.

</doc>
<doc id="36601203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601203" title="Meantime (EP)">
Meantime (EP)

Meantime is the second EP by British record producer and musician Kwes. It was released on 30 April 2012 on Warp Records.
Background.
The release is a follow up to his debut EP release "No Need To Run". Early demos for "Meantime" were written and composed as far back as 2008, but were accidentally wiped off his computer. "Meantime" was completed in January 2012 after finishing production work for DELS' "GOB", Speech Debelle's "Freedom Of Speech", Sunless '97's "Making Waves" and DRC Music's "Kinshasa One Two".
Not being the first record to feature Kwes' vocals, the musical composition of "Meantime" is marked by Kwes accepting his ability to sing more prominently compared to his previous efforts. "Using my voice and writing about personal events is the most honest-- as well as the hardest-- way of expressing myself. If you caught me two, three, four years ago, I wouldn't have had the balls to do that."
Kwes cited one of his musical heroes Robert Wyatt as someone whose music encouraged him to accept his ability to sing on "Meantime".
The record's title refers ambiguously to the location of Kwes' London hometown; and to the record itself as his EP before his planned debut studio album.
Kanye West and his tour DJ Mano sampled Kwes' song 'LGOYH' for Pusha T's track "Who I Am", which features on Pusha T's debut album "My Name Is My Name".
Composition.
Music and style.
"Meantime" has been described by The Guardian's Paul Lester and The Quietus' Kiran Acharya as a meticulous record with a subtle ability to constantly shift between pop to prog-rock and house to R&B. Electronics and computers are used but not intentionally to exude an 'electronic' or cold feel that is said by Lester to be quite commonplace in synth music. "It "" is as far from cold synth music as you can get – there's a warmth to it, a playfulness and forlorn exuberance that makes it sound as human as any acoustic singer-songwriter record."
Lyrical themes.
Kwes explains that the songs' themes are hopeful in mood, as opposed to being melancholy, because of his acceptance of the idea of imperfection and embracing maturity. "Imperfection is a massive part of me, and now I'm embracing that whole side to everything. Maybe that's why I am a lot happier."
Kwes has also cited Stevie Wonder and Brian Wilson to be direct lyrical influences. Mike Diver of BBC Music complimented Meantime's closer 'LGOYH' for its lasting impression, "marked by some memorable, heartfelt lines, for example: 'worthwhile love is a handful'". Diver also positively compares Kwes' songwriting to Bloc Party's Kele Okereke and the up-tempo pop sensibilities of 'Bashful' to Hot Chip. The theme of unrequited love in 'Honey' takes direct inspiration from the Beach Boys' song Vegetables, which was written by Brian Wilson. "'Honey' is me literally writing from the perspective of a cabbage. I'm looking up to the cupboard and the jar of honey."
Personnel.
Credits taken from Discogs.

</doc>
<doc id="36601210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601210" title="United States national volleyball team">
United States national volleyball team

United States national volleyball team may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36601264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601264" title="Death of Innocence">
Death of Innocence

Death of Innocence is the debut album of American punk rock band Legal Weapon, independently released in 1982 on Arsenal Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Kat Arthur and Brian Hansen, except "Waiting in Line" by Kat Arthur and Charlie Vartanian.

</doc>
<doc id="36601293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601293" title="Rhodesian mission in Lisbon">
Rhodesian mission in Lisbon

In 1965, Britain's self-governing colony in Rhodesia decided to open its own diplomatic mission in the Portuguese capital of Lisbon, with Harry Reedman at its head as an accredited representative. Rhodesia intended for this mission to operate independently from Britain's embassy in Lisbon. Whitehall refused to endorse the mission when asked on 9 June, but Rhodesia continued nonetheless, officially confirming Reedman's appointment 17 days later. The British government attempted unsuccessfully to block this unilateral some months afterwards.
The affair came amidst the larger dispute between Whitehall and Salisbury regarding the terms under which Rhodesia could be granted sovereign independence. Rhodesia's mostly white government insisted that statehood should come under the constitution introduced with Britain's approval in 1961, while Whitehall insisted that, per its recent change in policy, there could be no independence before majority rule, and black politicians would have to run the country before it could be fully independent. The Rhodesian government's stance on this matter caused it to become isolated within the Commonwealth of Nations, which from 1964 excluded it from most of its internal bodies, while the Rhodesian military became unofficially embargoed by its established British and American suppliers.
Rhodesia's staunch opposition to immediate black rule and its disillusionment regarding Britain propelled it towards Portugal, which governed Angola and Mozambique, territories respectively to the west and east of Rhodesia. Hoping to find new arms suppliers in continental Europe, the Rhodesian government informed Britain of its intent to open an independent mission in Lisbon in June 1965. The legitimacy of this action was disputed. Rhodesia had run itself as a self-governing colony since 1923, but ultimate responsibility for foreign affairs remained with Britain. In their attempt to prove that an independent Lisbon mission was legal, the Rhodesians presented an argument based on previous British legislation conferring on the colonial government the right to appoint its own "diplomatic agents, or consular or trade representatives, in countries which are willing to receive them". The British counter-argued that ultimate purview over Rhodesian foreign affairs still lay with Whitehall, so Rhodesian appointments without prior British assent were illegal. They proposed that Reedman be integrated into the British Embassy in Lisbon as a Rhodesian consul, but Rhodesia refused to accept a lesser post for Reedman than that enjoyed by the independent Rhodesian representatives in Pretoria, South Africa, and Lourenço Marques, Mozambique.
Following months of abortive Anglo-Rhodesian talks and unsuccessful attempts by Britain to deter Portugal diplomatically, Reedman travelled to Lisbon in September 1965 to take up his post at the head of an independent Rhodesian mission. The Portuguese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which insisted it was neutral regarding Rhodesia, accepted his letter of accreditation, much to Whitehall's consternation, though Lisbon was careful to avoid provoking Britain, omitting the word "diplomatic" from the titles given to both Reedman and his mission. The Rhodesians still regarded themselves as victorious, saying they had set out to gain an independent diplomatic representative in Lisbon, and now had one. Historian J R T Wood writes that this was "Rhodesia's first independent and indeed unilateral veritable straw in the wind." On 11 November 1965, less than two months after Reedman's investiture, Rhodesia went one further and unilaterally declared its independence from Britain.
Background.
Responsible government, Federation and the Wind of Change.
Having been governed and developed by the British South Africa Company since the 1890s, Southern Rhodesia became a self-governing colony within the British Empire in 1923, when it was granted responsible government by Whitehall. The Southern Rhodesian capital, Salisbury, was henceforth empowered to run its own affairs in almost all matters, including defence. Foreign affairs was one of the few areas reserved by the British government. As the Empire's lone self-governing colony, Southern Rhodesia was considered a "sui generis" case, almost on a par with a dominion. Starting in 1932, Imperial Conferences included the Southern Rhodesian Prime Minister alongside those from the dominions, a unique situation which continued after Imperial Conferences were superseded by Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conferences in 1944.
As most of the Southern Rhodesian politicians saw it, they were as good as independent; if full autonomy were granted in the form of dominionship, the only practical difference would be a rise in expenses for foreign representation, as Salisbury would have to maintain its own embassies abroad. Believing full dominion status to be effectively symbolic and "there for the asking", Prime Minister Godfrey Huggins (in office from 1933 to 1953) regarded independence as a non-issue. He twice refused British overtures hinting at dominion status, and instead pursued an initially semi-independent Federation with the directly administered British colonies of Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland.
Mandated by the results of the 1953 referendum, Federation began later that year with Southern Rhodesia, the most developed of the three territories, at its head. Salisbury doubled as Federal capital. The Federation was granted several privileges by Britain during its earlier years; for example, a 1957 British Act of Parliament empowered it to appoint its own "diplomatic agents, or consular or trade representatives, in countries which are willing to receive them" so long as it informed Britain when it was doing so. The most prominent of these appointments was made in 1961, when the Union of South Africa split from the Commonwealth of Nations and became a republic. An accredited representative of Salisbury was set up in Pretoria soon after, independent of Britain's embassy there. An independent office representing the Federation was also set up in Lourenço Marques, the capital of Portuguese Mozambique, while further afield, Federal officials were set up within the British embassies in West Germany, Japan and the United States.
The Federation ultimately failed because of the shifting international attitudes and rising black nationalist ambitions of the late 1950s and early 1960s, often collectively called the Wind of Change. Believing colonial rule to be no longer sustainable geopolitically or ethically, Britain adopted a policy of "no independence before majority rule" as it, France and Belgium vastly accelerated their withdrawal from the continent. Amidst a flurry of bloody civil wars, military coups and other disasters, most of the new African countries became autocratic states within a few years. Already wary of black nationalism on racial grounds, Salisbury became increasingly antipathetic towards it as a result of these developments, particularly when the brutal Congo Crisis caused thousands of Congolese whites to become refugees in Northern and Southern Rhodesia. In 1962, with the Federation in its constitutional death throes amidst Nyasaland's clamours for secession and immediate black rule, Federal Prime Minister Roy Welensky was horrified and outraged to be told by Britain's Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations, Duncan Sandys, that "we British have lost the will to govern." "But we haven't," retorted Julian Greenfield, Welensky's law minister.
Federal dissolution; Salisbury pushes for independence.
The Southern Rhodesians presumed that in the event of Federal dissolution, they would be first in line for independence, and would receive it without major adjustments to their 1961 constitution. Indeed, intergovernmental correspondence during early 1963 did much to confirm Salisbury's belief that this was the case. While Federal break-up talks progressed, Sandys issued a letter of intent in which he said that powers conferred on the Federal government by British legislation would transfer to Southern Rhodesia at the end of Federation. It was agreed that Salisbury would keep the Federal overseas missions in Pretoria and Lourenço Marques, as well as the British Embassy desks in Bonn, Tokyo and Washington. Arrangements for Federal dissolution concluded in mid-1963, and the Federation formally ended on 31 December that year. Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland became independent during 1964, respectively renamed Zambia and Malawi, under black majority governments. Southern Rhodesia was denied the same under the no independence before majority rule policy, prompting indignation and fury from the governing Rhodesian Front (RF) and its supporters. Prime Minister Winston Field's failure to secure independence from Britain during early 1964 led to his forced resignation and replacement by his deputy, Ian Smith, in April that year.
Two months into his premiership, Smith was deeply offended when Whitehall informed him that, for the first time since 1932, Southern Rhodesia would not be represented at the year's Commonwealth Prime Ministers' Conference as the decision had been taken to only include fully independent states in future. The quarrel over the terms for independence caused the Southern Rhodesian military's traditional British and American suppliers to impose an informal embargo, and motivated Britain to cut off financial aid to Salisbury around the same time. The United States promptly followed suit. Political violence between the rival black nationalist movements in Rhodesia intensified during , leading to jail terms for several prominent nationalists for criminal offences, and concurrent bans for their respective parties. When Northern Rhodesia became Zambia in October 1964, Southern Rhodesia dropped "Southern" from its name, and initiated legislation to this effect, but Britain refused assent, saying that the colony could not legally rename itself. Salisbury continued using the shortened name anyway.
The Rhodesian government was ardently anti-communist, and opposed immediate black rule, which Smith said would cause "the destruction of our country", pointing to ongoing events such as the Congo Crisis as evidence. Parliament remained mostly white, but Salisbury contended it had close to unanimous support from all races in pursuing independence under the 1961 constitution, citing various tests of opinion it conducted in late 1964. The Prime Minister stood obdurately against any constitutional change he believed was too radical, regarding this as a matter of national and regional security. According to his memoirs, he worked to prevent a "mad rush into one man, one vote with all the resultant corruption, nepotism, chaos and economic disaster which we had witnessed in all the countries around us." The Labour Cabinet of British Prime Minister Harold Wilson, which replaced the previous Conservative administration in October 1964, did not give credence to the Rhodesian tests of opinion, and insisted on majority rule as a condition for independence. The Commonwealth repeatedly urged Britain to intervene directly should Rhodesian defiance continue, while British liberals worried that if left unchecked Salisbury might drift towards apartheid.
Britain, Portugal and Rhodesia.
British policy-makers regarded Portugal as a traditional friend—the Anglo-Portuguese Alliance dated back to 1386, and both countries were in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and the European Free Trade Association—but the combined strength of the communist bloc and the lobby in the United Nations forced the British to peel back their support for the pluricontinental "Estado Novo" ("New State") during the early 1960s. Portugal's Colonial War, starting in Angola in 1961, pitted it against a number of guerrilla factions in its African territories, most of which subscribed to communist political thinking. Britain opposed communist encroachment into southern Africa, but knew it would become an international pariah if it publicly opposed general consensus at the UN, which roundly condemned colonialism in all forms and supported communist-backed insurgencies across the region, regarding them as racial liberation movements. It therefore attempted an awkward balancing act whereby it would appear to oppose Portugal without meaningfully doing so.
Britain's stance towards Rhodesia was influenced in a similar way, with Whitehall unable to back down on the policy of no independence before majority rule without causing international uproar. Also contributory was the disproportionate sway over Britain's African policy held by Julius Nyerere, the President of Tanzania, who was a fervent proponent for majority rule across Africa without delay, implemented by military force if need be. British politicians deferred to Nyerere on almost every proposal they made regarding Rhodesia during the 1960s and 1970s. In the immediate post-Federal period, Britain forlornly tried to stifle Rhodesia's further alignment with South Africa and Portugal, realising that British influence in the region was severely limited while the three remained so closely linked. A 1965 British government memorandum described the trio as "a defiant and mutually sustaining bloc".
Great personal rapport developed between Smith and his Portuguese counterpart, António de Oliveira Salazar. On first meeting in Portugal in September 1964, the two Prime Ministers found they shared many common views regarding race relations in their respective countries, Britain's handling of the Commonwealth, and what Smith called the "complacency of the major powers of the free world" in the face of what the pair saw as inexorable communist expansionism. After hearing Smith's argument in favour of Rhodesian independence, Salazar privately pledged Portugal's complete support. The RF called a new general election for May 1965 and, campaigning on an election promise of independence, won a clean sweep of all seats. A week later, Wilson met with Portuguese Foreign Minister Alberto Franco Nogueira, whom he pressed on Portugal's secret dealings with Rhodesia. Nogueira categorically denied anything of the sort.
Rhodesia seeks British endorsement for a Lisbon mission.
Gibbs' speech on 9 June.
Following the Rhodesian Front's decisive May 1965 election victory, parliament was opened by the British-appointed Governor, Sir Humphrey Gibbs, on 9 June. For the first time, Rhodesia had an official Leader of the Opposition who was black: Josiah Gondo, leader of the United People's Party, now sat opposite Smith and the all-white RF in the House of Assembly. Though Gibbs represented the British Crown in Rhodesia, he had been a local resident most of his life, and had feet in both camps, regarding himself as loyal both to Rhodesia and to the faraway monarch. While opening parliament, he startled Whitehall by professing marked support for the government's ambitions. He told the House of Assembly that the RF's strengthened majority amounted to "a mandate to lead the country to its full in the speech he referred to this as "our independence", much to Britain's surprise.
Gibbs then said that Rhodesia wished to have the best possible relations with its neighbours, and again shocked British observers by saying the government had informed him that it would follow recommendations made by Portugal during recent talks, and would open its own diplomatic mission in the Portuguese capital Lisbon as soon as was practical. Evan Campbell, Rhodesia's High Commissioner in London, asked Whitehall the same day to endorse the appointment of Harry Reedman as Rhodesia's "accredited representative" to Portugal, reasoning that the 1957 act allowing the Federation to do so still covered Rhodesia under the principle of national succession. The 1963 letter of intent from Sandys confirmed this in Rhodesia's eyes. Historian J R T Wood calls this "Rhodesia's first independent and indeed unilateral veritable straw in the wind."
Rhodesian motivations.
Aside from reinforcing Luso-Rhodesian relations, the Lisbon appointment was designed to secure the African nation a diplomatic foothold in Europe outside of Britain's reach and to help Salisbury find new trading partners and diplomatic allies on the continent. Among other things, the Rhodesians intended to make up the shortfalls in military equipment caused by the undeclared Anglo-American arms embargo. Reedman, the former minister for immigration and tourism, was also a retired officer of the British Royal Air Force (where he had been involved in bomber research), and an experienced engineer and businessman: all the right ingredients, the government thought, for someone in the position to source European aircraft, weapons and other equipment, while also representing Rhodesian interests in mainland Europe.
Lord Brockway, head of the Movement for Colonial Freedom, believed that Rhodesia was attempting to assert "de facto" independence in the eyes of the international community by deliberately defying Britain over the Lisbon issue. "If Salisbury is permitted to claim diplomatic rights in foreign capitals, its assertion of sovereignty is accepted," he wrote in an article for the British democratic socialist weekly "Tribune".
Britain refuses.
Britain was caught unprepared by Campbell's request, and issued no response for over a week. In the meantime Campbell, whose retirement was due, was relieved by the Rhodesian government on 10 June. His replacement, Brigadier Andrew Skeen, took over Campbell's London office at Rhodesia House, 429 Strand six days later.
Bent on securing Reedman's investiture quickly, the Rhodesian government made it publicly known on 19 June that, pursuant to British and Portuguese approval, Reedman would be appointed within seven days. Whitehall still took no action. Wilson and his Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations, Arthur Bottomley, were occupied at Chequers, the official country residence of the British Prime Minister, where they were entertaining the Commonwealth heads of state.
In Bottomley's absence, his office explored the issue and resolved that Rhodesia could retain its representative in South Africa, but should not be allowed to appoint another in Lisbon; a consul was acceptable, they concluded, but only as part of the British Embassy staff. Bottomley remained unaware of this progress until a call from his office on 25 June, whereupon he still did nothing. Unwilling to wait, Rhodesia confirmed Reedman's appointment the next day, much to Wilson's fury. Only now was Bottomley finally jolted into action; he informed Salisbury of his ministry's findings on 29 June, offering them the consul within the embassy, but refusing to sanction an independent office.
Early negotiations.
Rhodesian disillusionment; Britain adopts delaying tactics.
Independence talks between Britain and Rhodesia continued for a fortnight without major reference to the Reedman appointment, with Britain more concerned with discussing a possible Rhodesian unilateral declaration of independence (UDI). Smith delivered an openly defiant speech to his parliament on 30 June, attacking Britain for its handling of the Commonwealth's newer members, which he said were unduly influencing British policy in Africa. Britain was desperate to avoid the international humiliation that would accompany the organisation's break-up, he claimed, and was therefore attempting to hold it together by appeasing the less prominent members. While making clear his disdain, the Prime Minister pledged to go on with negotiations, saying that he did not believe Britain truly endorsed its professed line.
In dealing with the immovable Smith, Wilson's ministers adopted a programme of deliberate frustration and delay: Britain would interminably stonewall the Rhodesian Prime Minister, maintaining the facade of continued negotiation by very occasionally repeating their stance, in the hope that either Smith would back down, or his Cabinet would eventually lose faith in his negotiating prowess and replace him with somebody more malleable. Wood writes that Wilson, Bottomley and their Labour contemporaries were "distracted by their own political agendas", and did not understand the extent of Rhodesia's considerable disillusionment with Britain by this time. Effectively "kicked ... out of the Commonwealth", as Huggins later commented, a fortress mentality was developing in Salisbury, propelling it towards unilateral action. Wood concludes that Britain's maintenance of this stonewalling tactic was misjudged, and only exacerbated the Rhodesian government's feeling of alienation.
In the British House of Lords on 26 July, Brockway pressed Lord Taylor, the Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies, on Rhodesia's claims, arguing that failure to block the Lisbon appointment would amount to conceding "de facto" recognition to Rhodesia as an independent state. Taylor's response was that Britain remained committed to upholding its ultimate purview over Rhodesian overseas relations. Brockway then asked how Rhodesia had attained its independent office in Pretoria; surely, he said, this provided "a precedent which was rather dangerous?" Taylor replied that Pretoria and Salisbury had exchanged High Commissioners before South Africa left the Commonwealth in 1961, and that Britain had granted Rhodesia special dispensation to retain the Pretoria mission thereafter. He stressed that in Britain's eyes this was no precedent for Lisbon.
Britain despatches Cledwyn Hughes to Rhodesia, 22–27 July.
The British decided to despatch one of their Commonwealth ministers to Rhodesia for talks during early July, but debated for a while over whether it should be Bottomley or his deputy, Cledwyn Hughes, who should be sent. Wilson considered this a matter of urgency as he had heard a rumour that Rhodesia might declare independence on its main national holiday, Rhodes' Day (that year 12 July), but this proved false. On 15 July, Britain's High Commissioner to Rhodesia, John Baines Johnston, was instructed to propose a week-long round of talks between Smith and Hughes in Salisbury. Johnston was given permission to cave if the Rhodesian Prime Minister insisted on meeting with Bottomley, but this did not prove necessary: Smith cabled back on the 18th accepting Hughes' visit. The British delegation arrived in Salisbury four days later.
Discussions proceeded rapidly during the week, but did not touch on the issue of Lisbon until the fifth day, 26 July, when Hughes and Johnston met with Smith, Deputy Prime Minister Clifford Dupont, and Trade and Industry Minister George Rudland. Dupont opened the discussion by referring to Sandys' statement from 1963, which said the Rhodesian government would retain any rights previously granted to the Federation, which Dupont reasoned surely included the ability given in 1957 to appoint its own overseas agents if it informed Britain. As Portugal had indicated its willingness to accept a Rhodesian diplomat, Dupont said, the Rhodesian government was acting perfectly within its rights.
Hughes countered that he did not believe the wording of the 1957 document gave Rhodesia the right to devise its own representation overseas without first gaining assent from Britain. The Reedman appointment would probably be seen internationally as a major rise in Rhodesian diplomatic profile, he said, and might damage Britain's reputation, which would in turn make the ongoing negotiations for independence more difficult for both sides. He repeated Bottomley's previous offer of a consul on the British Embassy staff, adding that the official would not have to be physically located within the embassy, and could set up his own office elsewhere so long as he remained nominally affiliated to it.
Smith replied that in his interpretation Rhodesia was required to keep Whitehall informed, but prior British concurrence was not necessary; if Britain contested this, the Prime Minister said, then surely the 1957 entrustment had never meant anything. Dupont then spoke again, rejecting the idea that the Rhodesian mission should be a mere subsidiary consulate of the British Embassy. Hughes replied firmly that the 1957 despatch did not give the Rhodesians free rein over external matters, and warned them to be more flexible if they intended to find common ground. Eager to avoid open confrontation, Smith told Dupont to reconsider his tone, and changed the subject.
Hughes met with several other Rhodesian figures before leaving late on 27 July, but Lisbon remained off the programme most of the time. Just before Hughes departed, Dupont released a statement saying that Reedman would take office in Lisbon on 1 August, and would be "warmly welcomed" by the Portuguese government. Hughes decried this in a brief telephone call to Smith, but could do little more before leaving Rhodesia that evening. On 29 July, Smith fielded questions from the press, commenting on both Lisbon and the independence talks in general. He expressed the belief that Rhodesia had made more progress towards independence talking with Hughes than it ever had before, but qualified this by saying only Wilson's reply to the proposals given to Hughes would show if this were indeed true. He said that although he thought Whitehall was keen to resolve the independence issue, he did not believe their line had changed. He declared that he and the RF would not change their stance in any way. Moving to the subject of Lisbon, Smith stressed that this was separate from the independence dispute, then overruled Dupont's announcement of two days before: Reedman's appointment would remain provisional until further notice, he said.
Anglo-Rhodesian animosity deepens.
Bottomley tours West Africa, arousing Rhodesian suspicion.
Bottomley toured West Africa during early August, and, in Ghana and Nigeria, gave several speeches reassuring his hosts that immediate majority rule was an unconditional requirement for Rhodesian independence. He ruled out the use of military force in the event of a Rhodesian UDI, and pledged to instead end such a rebellion through economic sanctions. Bottomley's dismissal of the use of force drew damning criticism from Joshua Nkomo, the imprisoned leader of the Marxist–Leninist Zimbabwe African People's Union, who said this showed Britain was not serious about decolonising Rhodesia as it had its other African possessions. Meanwhile, Bottomley's comments increased anti-British sentiment. In his memoirs, Smith describes the mood in forthright terms, accusing Britain of "resorting to politics of convenience and appeasement". "We waited and waited ... the British were not prepared to make a clear decision," he writes; "they were consulting the bankrupt and communist dictatorships before replying to us." Becoming exasperated by the lack of progress, even the more hesitant members of the Rhodesian government began to see the road leading towards UDI as the only one viable for them. Lisbon, however, remained the immediate bone of contention, and on this issue the Rhodesians became yet more determined not to give an inch.
Meeting between Johnston and Smith on 18 August.
Smith organised a meeting with Johnston, starting at 09:00 on 18 August, where he informed the British High Commissioner that he had considered the Lisbon appointment extensively, with the help of Dupont, several legal advisers, and a judge of the Rhodesian High Court. The judge had examined the relevant documents, and had come to the conclusion that Dupont's interpretation of them was correct. Smith therefore felt certain that Reedman's appointment was legitimate so long as Portugal agreed. A long argument ensued, with neither man willing to budge. Smith said that he had always tried to be flexible and civil, but that he and his government felt they had to make a stand. By making clear to Lisbon the exact nature of their proposed representative, and informing Britain of their intent, Smith said the Rhodesians had filled every legal obligation.
Johnston dismissed Smith's argument, asserting that neither the Federation nor Rhodesia had ever made such an appointment (this was actually false; the Federal government had opened independent diplomatic missions in South Africa and Portuguese Mozambique, and Rhodesia retained them both). Johnston concluded that Rhodesia was trying to prematurely advance its international standing. The previous entrustments, he said, had been made to allow Britain and Rhodesia to cooperate subject to Whitehall's ultimate authority, and did not entitle Rhodesia to do as it liked in the field of external affairs, especially if its chosen line ran counter to Britain's. In an attempt to intimidate Smith, Johnston sternly asked why the Rhodesian Prime Minister would risk causing a major international incident by deliberately defying Britain; Smith replied that following Britain's several slights against Rhodesia over the previous year and a half, Salisbury would not accept another. The conversation continued in this manner for some time afterwards. Smith proposed that the relevant documents be examined jointly by two judges, one British and one Rhodesian, but Johnston refused this. The meeting ended without agreement.
Bottomley returns to Britain.
The Rhodesian press reported extensively on the Lisbon controversy during the second half of August, generally predicting that neither Britain, Portugal nor Rhodesia would back down. While most reporters believed that Whitehall would take a strong line, few could see any way it could actually stop Reedman from taking office. On 20 August, Bottomley spoke at his final conference in Lagos, and repeated all he had previously said regarding Britain's stance on Rhodesia. Back in London three days later, he reaffirmed his previous stance regarding Lisbon, saying that he would be pleased to have a Rhodesian on the staff of the British Embassy there, but would allow no more. In the same interview, he expressed the belief that Wilson had averted a Rhodesian UDI in October the previous year by warning Salisbury of the economic consequences. Speaking in Gwelo on 27 August, Smith derided this statement, calling it "incredible". His administration had not even considered a declaration of independence then, he said, but it was contemplated now, and he believed Anglo-Rhodesian relations were at their all-time lowest ebb. He urged Britain to return to the bargaining table quickly.
Britain attempts to block the appointment.
Wilson resolves to challenge Portugal.
The British continued their policy of stalling Smith. At the end of August 1965, they did not consider a Rhodesian UDI an immediate threat, and therefore focussed on the colony's maintained defiance of the mother country regarding Reedman and Lisbon. On 30 August, Johnston summarised Britain's stand on the issue for Bottomley's Commonwealth Relations Office. According to his understanding, he said, Rhodesia had been told just before Federal dissolution that it would retain the Federation's former powers regarding external affairs, but that this entrustment was subject to British discretion, and could not be exercised without extensive prior consultation and conformity to Britain's line.
Johnston rued bitterly that the Rhodesians had apparently made practical arrangements for an independent office in Lisbon anyway, even going to the trouble of renting the prospective mission premises. He repeated the claim he had made in the meeting with Smith on 18 August, saying once more that the Federal government had not made appointments off its own bat. He accepted that there was an independent Rhodesian envoy in Pretoria, but argued that this was the result of South Africa's enforced withdrawal from the Commonwealth. He did not mention the Rhodesian (formerly Federal) office in Lourenço Marques, which Wood comments could be considered "precedent for Portugal".
On 5 September, the Salisbury "Sunday Mail" reported that Smith was standing firm on Reedman's absolute independence in Lisbon, and that Portugal had accepted the envoy. British Foreign Secretary Michael Stewart reacted with alarm, convening an urgent meeting the same day with Hughes and Sir Archibald Ross, Britain's ambassador to Portugal. Here Hughes proposed hauling Portugal over the coals, insisting that the Lisbon mission represented "creeping independence" for Rhodesia, and therefore had to be stopped.
Ross disagreed, reasoning this would only damage relations between Britain and Portugal, an undesirable prospect given the countries' common membership in NATO, the European Free Trade Association and more. There was much at stake; Britain enjoyed an annual £48 million trade surplus with Portugal, and Portuguese Railways was in the process of buying 50 diesel locomotives from English Electric. In the Azores archipelago, Portugal provided NATO with a strategically key air base, which was unprotected by treaty; given the inclination, Lisbon might close it.
Hughes insisted that there was nothing more they could do to deter Rhodesia directly; they had already threatened to expel Rhodesia's representative from the British Embassy in Washington, with no effect. The only open course therefore had to be to take a firmer line with Portugal. Two days later, on 7 September, Wilson discussed the matter with Hughes and Stewart, and agreed with their conclusions, telling them to proceed.
Meeting between Johnston and Smith on 8 September; the appointment is confirmed.
The same day, Bottomley wrote to Smith, saying that he and Wilson were disheartened by the lack of progress regarding both independence and the Lisbon appointment. He was willing to visit Rhodesia personally, but could not come until October because he had to be in Blackpool to attend the Labour Party Conference, due to commence on 26 September. The next morning, on 8 September, Johnston told Smith that if Reedman proceeded to Portugal in open disregard for Britain's wishes, it would negatively affect future independence negotiations. Rhodesia's delay in justifying the appointment was also having a detrimental affect, Johnston asserted. Finally, he threatened to evict the Rhodesian envoys from Washington, Bonn and Tokyo if Rhodesia did not desist. Smith was yet again unmoved. Any procrastination regarding Lisbon was Britain's fault, he insisted. He told Johnston to wait for the afternoon session in Rhodesia's Legislative Assembly to hear Dupont's official announcement of Reedman's appointment, as well as the full Rhodesian explanation behind it.
Smith said he understood this would irk the British, but insisted that he and his government were no longer willing to wait. He had repeatedly offered to respect the judgement of an impartial arbitration team, he reminded Johnston, but the British had shot this idea down each time. He therefore felt compelled to follow the advice given by his own legal team, which was that the appointment was legitimate. His government would not accept a lesser appointment in Lisbon than in Pretoria and Lourenço Marques. He dismissed Johnston's threat to expel the Rhodesian representatives in West Germany, Japan and America; relations with Portugal and South Africa were far more important, he said, as they were Rhodesia's two closest neighbours geographically.
Johnston protested that the British government could not take part in the kind of judicial enquiry Smith described, as its sovereignty could not be subject to any outside judgement and there was nothing to arbitrate anyway. Smith was again resolute: why, he queried, was Whitehall so adamant to avoid legal arbitration if its ministers were so sure they were right? He promised to drop the matter if such a panel ruled against him, but to no avail. Johnston said only that he would telegraph Whitehall to inform them that Reedman's appointment was imminent. Dupont confirmed it that afternoon, telling the Rhodesian Legislative Assembly that the mission had been accepted by Portugal.
Britain mobilises NATO support against Portugal; Lisbon insists it is neutral.
Meanwhile, Stewart and Ross argued with Nogueira and the Portuguese "chargé d'affaires" in London, José Manuel de Villas-Boas de Vasconcellos Faria. On 8 September, Nogueira said the Portuguese were accepting Reedman as a Rhodesian representative, but were not defining his status as they wished to remain neutral in what they regarded as an exclusively Anglo-Rhodesian problem. So far as he could see, Nogueira said, Portugal had done no harm to British interests. Stewart firmly told Nogueira that Britain expected Portugal to make a statement within 24 hours saying that it would not deal with Reedman while he remained off the British Embassy staff. Nogueira replied that his government was not going to accord official diplomatic recognition to Reedman, and that Dupont understood this. Ross now threatened to involve NATO if Portugal did not thoroughly explain its conduct. Unmoved, Nogueira said this surprised him; if the British were so keen to have Reedman on the staff at their embassy, he answered, that was down to them. Portugal was totally neutral in the affair, he insisted.
Britain vigorously rallied other NATO countries to take a stand against Portugal over Reedman. France warned that NATO pressure was unlikely to yield results in his matter, but Belgium's NATO representative, André de Staercke, agreed to challenge Salazar on 11 September. At his meeting with de Staercke, Salazar denied that Portugal was giving Rhodesia its own diplomatic representation, and said there had been some misunderstanding. Portugal would not obstruct Reedman's entry should he arrive, Salazar said, as he was travelling on a (Rhodesian-issued) British passport. On 14 September, Nogueira's ministry released a statement saying that if Britain challenged Portugal over Rhodesia at NATO, Lisbon would "use the greatest firmness to repel any attempt to attribute particular responsibilities or to make criticism of Portugal's position".
Britain raised the issue formally in the North Atlantic Council, NATO's most senior political governing body, the same day. Here Portugal's delegate, Vasco da Cunha, argued that given the standing existence of independent Rhodesian offices in Lourenço Marques, Pretoria and London, the matter was between Britain and Rhodesia, and not Portugal's business. Rhodesia had simply asked to have Reedman head a representative office in Lisbon, and he would not present a letter of accreditation. If Rhodesia had exaggerated this, da Cunha said, that was not Portugal's concern. The Italian, Belgian, Danish, French and U.S. delegates in turn sided with Britain, and collectively asked da Cunha to tell his government to publicly declare its non-acceptance of Reedman while he lacked British approval. Da Cunha refused, saying this would only irritate his compatriots "because of the neglect by their allies of their interests in the past". The meeting broke up without agreement. Whitehall was pleased with the pro-British sentiment displayed therein, while Lisbon remained unmoved.
Appointment.
Reedman arrives in Lisbon and receives Portuguese approval.
Having spent the previous week in London, Reedman flew into Lisbon Portela Airport on 15 September 1965. He was met there by the Portuguese Foreign Ministry's assistant chief of protocol, Luis Quartim Bastos, and three Rhodesian officials, who had arrived a fortnight before. Nobody from the British Embassy was present. Bastos told a reporter that he was at the airport on Nogueira's behalf to accord Reedman "the classic welcome for the arrival of heads of mission". Speaking the next day, Reedman appeared genial and optimistic. "We and Rhodesia have everything in common," he said, "including the will for survival, an awareness of the true situation overseas, and a greater feeling towards what we are doing."
Two days later, Dupont announced that he had issued a letter of accreditation to Reedman for presentation to Nogueira. The envoy would not present credentials, Dupont explained, as he was representing the Rhodesian government, and not its head of state, Queen Elizabeth II. The Deputy Prime Minister expressed confusion regarding the appointment's discussion at NATO, saying that Rhodesia was far outside the organisation's geographical area of responsibility. He said that the letter of accreditation would confer on Reedman the title of "Accredited Diplomatic Representative", and that Reedman would thereafter head the "Rhodesian Diplomatic Mission" in Lisbon, which would operate on the same level as the Rhodesian office in Pretoria. The Portuguese Foreign Ministry quickly issued a statement correcting Dupont's wording, saying that Reedman would lead the "Rhodesian Mission", with no reference to diplomatic status.
To Britain's alarm and indignation, the Portuguese government announced on 21 September that Nogueira had accepted "a letter of introduction" from Reedman, conferring upon him the title "Chief of the Rhodesian Mission", with powers to deal with the Portuguese Foreign Ministry in Luso-Rhodesian matters without British interference. This followed the precedent set by Reedman's counterpart in South Africa, the statement said. Speaking publicly in Salisbury the same evening, Dupont told reporters that there had never been any intention to claim ambassadorial status for Reedman, and that Rhodesia had constantly kept Britain informed of what was happening regarding the appointment. So far as he was concerned, he said, the Rhodesian government had achieved its objective of attaining an independent diplomatic representative in Portugal, and had not exceeded its mandate in any way while doing so. Britain protested strenuously, saying Portugal was going back on its word. Portugal insisted that its reception of Reedman and his Lisbon mission did not prejudice Britain's responsibility over Rhodesia, and was justified because of the long-standing ties between Portugal and Rhodesia, as well as their common involvement in many southern African issues.
Rhodesia initiates clandestine arms purchases.
Reedman carried instructions from Salisbury to spend up to £3 million on European weapons, aircraft and equipment as soon as he could. The Rhodesian government now believed that it would almost certainly declare independence unilaterally and, knowing the purchase of materiel would be more difficult following this, wished to have the Rhodesian Security Forces' necessary ammunition, weapons, spare parts and other equipment in place beforehand. Soon after arriving in Portugal, Reedman contacted the Lisbon-based Zoio brothers, José, Luiz and Jean, who had recently supplied the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola with British-made weapons in direct contravention of NATO's embargo against arming Portugal's African-based troops. The Zoios were interested in stocking Rhodesia's arsenal, and promptly agreed to arrange an order of weapons from a third party on Reedman's behalf in exchange for a letter of credit from the Rhodesian government.
Pretending their client was the government of Pakistan, the Zoio brothers contacted a licensed arms dealer from England, Major W. R. L. Turp MBE of Bexley, Kent, who quickly agreed in principle, requesting a letter of credit from a Geneva bank and appropriate end-user certificates for the weapons. Meanwhile, Reedman's military attaché, Wing Commander John Mussell, travelled to Belgium to buy starter cartridges for the Rolls-Royce Avon 109 jet engines used by the Royal Rhodesian Air Force's English Electric Canberra bombers, as well as engines for Rhodesia's Hawker Hunter jet fighters, which were produced in Belgium under licence from Britain.
Reedman speaks on Portuguese state radio, 24 September.
On 24 September, Reedman appeared on Portugal's state-owned national radio station, Emissora Nacional de Radiodifusão, addressing the Portuguese nation as "head of the Rhodesian diplomatic mission to Portugal". He spoke along lines reminiscent of Smith's speech to parliament on 30 June, saying the element "made a mockery of the Commonwealth" and enabled Chinese-initiated communist encroachment into Africa. More than one Commonwealth member state hosted training facilities for black communist guerrillas, he said, which threatened all "civilised states in Africa". He dismissed one man, one vote as false "trash democracy", and said that in the present geopolitical climate countries run by black Africans inevitably destroyed themselves. "This your Rhodesian neighbour will not in any circumstances allow," he pledged. "We and Rhodesia stand together in a common cause because of civilisation."
Ross rebuked Nogueira for allowing the broadcast, saying its content was insidious and goading. Nogueira agreed that Reedman's words were provocative, but said Portugal could not be blamed as it did not censor public broadcasts. Britain considered withdrawing Ross in protest, but its Foreign Office ruled this out, saying Britain could not afford to be without an ambassador in Lisbon to influence Portugal's actions in the event of UDI. British Cabinet Secretary Burke Trend rejected this view, pointing to Lisbon's conduct regarding Reedman, which he said showed the Portuguese "ha very clearly made up their minds" to support a Rhodesian UDI. The British ambassador would not be able to affect matters, he surmised, and British interests would be better served by immediately taking a firm hand against Portugal, in the hope that this would send a strong message to Rhodesia. Ross then protested to the Portuguese about Reedman's calling himself "head of the Rhodesian diplomatic mission" on the radio; Lisbon replied impassively that this was a private expression of views by Reedman, and not Portugal's responsibility.
Aftermath.
Final steps to UDI.
While the British remained firmly against separate Rhodesian representation in Lisbon, there was little they could do to stop it. Ross was nominally put on extended leave, but not withdrawn. Deciding that he could no longer wait for Bottomley to fulfil his promise to visit Rhodesia during October, Smith resolved to instead meet with Wilson personally in London, and arranged to travel on 3 October, arriving the next day. While Smith prepared to travel, Britain continued its frantic efforts to curry international anti-Rhodesian sentiment, among other things urging each NATO member government not to deal with Reedman. In London, Britons who sympathised with Smith came out to support him in large numbers, surprising both the British and the Rhodesians. The two Prime Ministers' talks were largely unproductive, and little common ground was found before Smith flew home on 12 October. Two weeks later, Wilson travelled to Salisbury to continue the talks. The British Prime Minister proposed that future black representation in the Rhodesian parliament might be safeguarded by the revocation of some of Salisbury's self-governing powers, held since 1923. This was a horrific prospect in the eyes of his Rhodesian opponents, and proved the final straw for Smith's government. The Unilateral Declaration of Independence was signed by the Rhodesian Cabinet on 11 November 1965, to almost unanimous international acrimony. The next day the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 216, which condemned the declaration as an illegal one "made by a racist minority", and called on all member states to withhold diplomatic recognition.
Portugal's role in Rhodesian "sanction-busting".
Smith was confident that the British military would never agree to engage in what he said would be a "fratricidal war" against Rhodesia; he was proven correct when a British Ministry of Defence council, convened by Wilson and headed by Denis Healey, determined such intervention "impossible", citing various logistical problems, the danger of provoking a pre-emptive Rhodesian attack on Zambia, and the psychological issues that would surely accompany any confrontation between British and Rhodesian troops. Wilson therefore put all his eggs in the sanctions basket, predicting in January 1966 that the embargo would bring Rhodesia to its knees "within a matter of weeks rather than months". The UN embargo proved ineffective, largely because both Portugal and South Africa refused to participate. Both declared themselves neutral in the Rhodesian affair, and continued to supply Rhodesia with vital resources such as oil, both at a governmental level and privately. Portugal provided the seaports of Mozambique and the oil refinery at Lourenço Marques. Car stickers marked ""—"Thank You Mozambique"—quickly became popular with white Rhodesian motorists.
Clandestine trade with other nations continued, initially at a reduced level; among other things, Portugal illicitly labelled unsold Rhodesian tobacco as Mozambican product, then sold it on Salisbury's behalf in Europe and Asia. Through this and a series of similar operations, which Salisbury called "sanction-busting", Rhodesia avoided the economic cataclysm predicted by Wilson, and, with the help of South Africa and Portugal, gradually became more self-sufficient. The London "Sunday Times" was unequivocal in its verdict on 27 February 1966, running the headline "". Wilson altered his tactics and aimed to directly cut off the main supply lines of oil to Rhodesia, namely the Portuguese Mozambican ports at Beira and Lourenço Marques. In March 1966, Wilson set up the Beira Patrol, a Royal Navy squadron based in the Mozambique Channel. This blockade was endorsed the following month by UN Security Council Resolution 221. Too small to cover both Beira and Lourenço Marques, and unable to legally fire on tankers once they were in Portuguese waters, the patrol met with little success, but it endured regardless for nearly a decade.
The Zoios' clandestine transaction with Turp initially progressed well, but fell apart in March 1966, when Turp discovered he would actually be arming Rhodesia rather than Pakistan, reacted with alarm and informed the British government. The British Board of Trade tightened its control over arms transactions, and encouraged its NATO counterparts to do the same, while the Zoios turned their attention to Belgian, Italian and West German arms dealers. In October 1966, a huge consignment of army and air force equipment arrived in Rhodesia from the seaports of Mozambique, with many of the containers bearing metropolitan Portuguese markings. Prominent amongst the European weapons were FN FAL battle rifles from Belgium, which allowed an unofficial Rhodesian trade delegation to operate quietly in spite of the sanctions.
Carnation Revolution ends Luso-Rhodesian cooperation.
Rhodesia's Lisbon mission remained open throughout the late 1960s and early 1970s, providing a key link between the Rhodesian and Portuguese governments, which remained close. When Rhodesia adopted a republican constitution in 1970, Portugal bowed to British diplomatic pressure and withdrew its consul-general, João de Freitas Cruz, from Salisbury, but the Rhodesian office in Lisbon remained open. With the Carnation Revolution of 1974, Portugal's African policy was suddenly reversed. By contrast to the former authoritarian government, which had been committed to a pluricontinental Portugal, fighting costly wars against independence movements in its African territories to maintain it, the new leftist administration rapidly initiated moves to withdraw from Africa as quickly as possible. Following hurried negotiations between Portugal and the nationalist guerrillas in each territory, both Mozambique and Angola became independent under communist governments in 1975. Lisbon's stance on Rhodesia altered accordingly. The Portuguese government ordered the closure of the Rhodesian mission in April 1975, and simultaneously withdrew its own remaining officials from Rhodesia. The Rhodesian mission in Lisbon formally closed on 1 May 1975.
Notes and references.
Notes
References
Newspaper and journal articles
Online sources
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36601304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601304" title="Friedlander House">
Friedlander House

Friedlander House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36601306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601306" title="Naomi K. Lewis">
Naomi K. Lewis

Naomi K. Lewis (born 1976) is a Canadian fiction and nonfiction writer who resides in Calgary. She is the winner of the 2012 Colophon Prize.
Life and career.
Lewis was born in London, England, and grew up near Washington, DC and in Ottawa. She lived in Toronto, Fredericton and Edmonton, and completed degrees in philosophy and English literature, before settling in Calgary.
Work.
Lewis’s first novel, "Cricket in a Fist", was published by Goose Lane Editions in 2008. "Cricket in a Fist" follows two sisters searching for their mother, who has left the family to start a self-help movement called “willing amnesia.” Lewis then co-wrote "In Case of Fire", the bestselling 2010 memoir of Edmonton burn survivor and workplace safety advocate Spencer Beach. "In Case of Fire" recounts Beach’s youth, focusing on the attitudes he believes led him to the workplace fire that almost killed him; his years-long recovery; and his resolve to rebuild himself as a professional speaker, with the aim of helping other workers avoid preventable workplace accidents. Lewis and Beach met by chance in an elevator. Lewis’s story, “The Guiding Light” won the 2007 Fiddlehead fiction contest and appeared in the McClelland and Stewart’s 2008 Journey Prize Anthology. Lewis' collection "I Know Who You Remind Me Of" won the 2012 Colophon Prize, which the publisher Enfield & Wizenty awards to the best unpublished manuscript with “literary and commercial appeal.” The book’s eight short stories and one novella follow characters haunted by long-ago decisions, loves and grudges— a grad student who impersonated a high school classmate in Internet pornography, a man who gave his eyeball to a former lover, a woman bent on finally outdoing her sister by skydiving from space. Previous recipients of this award have included Michelle Berry and W.P. Kinsella. In 2011, Lewis served as the Calgary Public Library's Writer in Residence.
Lewis is associate editor at Alberta Views magazine, and her article “The Urge to Purge,” about detox diets, was shortlisted for a 2011 Canadian National Magazine Award. With Calgary writer Rona Altrows, she edited an anthology of essays and poetry about shyness, published by the University of Alberta Press in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36601399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601399" title="Vang Evangelical Lutheran Church">
Vang Evangelical Lutheran Church

The Vang Evangelical Lutheran Church on W. LeGrand St. in Manfred, North Dakota was built in 1906 by immigrants from Norway.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2001.
Among other reasons, the NRHP nomination asserts it is significant architecturally "with its continuing high degree of integrity among comparable buildings
in Wells County, with it serving as the best and last remaining example of a religious structure in Manfred, with its strong structural impact as the most socially and ethnically significant building in Manfred, and with its harmonious and excellent use of materials and furnishings representative of the late Gothic Revival style in American architecture."

</doc>
<doc id="36601417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601417" title="New Home Economics">
New Home Economics

New Home Economics (also known as NHE) is an approach to the study of consumption, labor supply, and other family decisions that centers on the household rather than the individual and emphasizes the importance of household production.
History of the New Home Economics.
Together, Gary Becker and Jacob Mincer founded the NHE in the 1960s at the labor workshop at Columbia University that they both directed.
Among the first NHE publications were Becker (1960) on fertility, Mincer (1962) on women’s labor supply, and Becker (1965) on the allocation of time. Students and faculty who attended the Becker/Mincer workshop at Columbia in the 1960s and have published in the NHE tradition include Andrea Beller, Barry Chiswick, Carmel Chiswick, Victor Fuchs, Michael Grossman (a specialist on the demand for health care), Robert Michael, June O'Neill, Sol Polachek, and Robert Willis. James Heckman was also influenced by the NHE tradition and attended the labor workshop at Columbia from 1969 until his move to the University of Chicago. The NHE may be seen as a subfield of family economics.
NHE was criticized in April 2013. In response to data of a lack of progress in women rising to top positions in the United States, Becker told Wall Street Journal reporter David Wessel, "A lot of barriers women and blacks have been broken down. That's all for the good. It's much less clear what we see today is the result of such artificial barriers. Going home to take care of the kids when the man doesn't: Is that a waste of a woman's time? There's no evidence that it is." This view that paternal neglect has no economic effect, or that a woman's investment in a child is worthwhile in the presence of it, was then criticized by Charles Jones, Professor of Economics at Stanford University "There are still men holding jobs that women would do better."

</doc>
<doc id="36601487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601487" title="Dickinson State Normal School Campus District">
Dickinson State Normal School Campus District

The Dickinson State Normal School Campus District in Dickinson, North Dakota is a historic district that has work dating to 1922. It includes Tudor Revival architecture. It has also been known as Dickinson State Teachers College, as Dickenson State College, and as Dickinson State University.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The listing included three contributing buildings and one other contributing site.
Among its many features is "a stone fence with gate posts."

</doc>
<doc id="36601498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601498" title="John Okul">
John Okul

John Okul is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Okul played for the Lae club in Papua New Guinea and represented the Highlands Zone in 1991 against Australia. He was first selected for Papua New Guinea in 1994 and played in another three test matches, including two at the 1995 World Cup. 
Following the tournament he was signed by Hull Kingston Rovers, along with teammate Stanley Gene. He played for PNG at the 1997 Super League World Nines. After his Hull KR career was hampered by injury, Okul had stints with the Doncaster Dragons and the Barrow Border Raiders. In 2002 and 2003 he played for West Hull in the BARLA National Conference League’s Premier Division.

</doc>
<doc id="36601510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601510" title="Malaysia women's national field hockey team">
Malaysia women's national field hockey team

The Malaysia women's national field hockey team represents Malaysia in international field hockey competitions. As of Dec 2013, the team was ranked 21st in the FIH World Rankings. The team is part of the Asian Hockey Federation. They recently participated in the inaugural International Super Series in Perth, playing against India and Australia in a modified 9-a-side format.
Malaysia achieved 5th place in the 2007 Women's Hockey Asia Cup. The team won a bronze medal in the 1982 Asian Games, and came 4th in 1986.
History.
In 2010, the women's national team is invited to play in Malaysia Junior Hockey League as preparation match before the World Cup qualifier.
The following season, the women's national team joined with Bandar Penawar Sports School to enter as a team in Division 2 of MHJL.
The women's national hockey team create world record with 36–0 thrashing over Cambodia during a group match in 2013 Southeast Asian Games, Yangon. It is a new world record for the highest score in an international match, last held by Argentina after they defeated Peru 26–0 at the South American Women's Championships in Santiago, Chile, in 2003.
Squad.
The recent that participated 2012 World League Round 1 Women – Kuantan.

</doc>
<doc id="36601522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601522" title="Your Weapon">
Your Weapon

Your Weapon is the second album by American punk rock band Legal Weapon, independently released in 1982 on Arsenal Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Legal Weapon.

</doc>
<doc id="36601525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601525" title="Alfred Hensel">
Alfred Hensel

Alfred Hensel (8 March 1880 – 15 September 1969) was a German architect and director of the Nuremberg parks department. He won a gold medal for town planning during the art competitions at the Olympic Games. He was awarded the medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics for his work on the sports and leisure park on the eastern bank of Dutzendteich Lake in Nuremberg. At the time the arena was described as "the most beautiful stadium in the world".

</doc>
<doc id="36601535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601535" title="Alfonso Téllez de Meneses &quot;el Viejo&quot;">
Alfonso Téllez de Meneses &quot;el Viejo&quot;

Alfonso Téllez de Meneses ( 1161–1230), known as "el Viejo" ("the Old"), was a nobleman of Castile and a participant in the key "Reconquista" battle of Las Navas de Tolosa. He was the second Lord of Meneses, Lord of Cea, Grajal, Montalbán, and, through his second wife, first Lord of Alburquerque.
Family.
The mother of Alfonso Téllez de Meneses was Gontrodo García of the Fláinez family who married Tello Pérez de Meneses around 1161, the year in which he granted her "arras". Gontrodo was the daughter of García Pérez, tenente in Cea who distinguished himself in the conquest of Baeza and Almería, and of Teresa Pérez. Gontrodo's parents founded the Cistercian convent of Santa María la Real in Gradefes, which she joined after she was widowed and where she eventually became the abbess.
Life.
In 1209 King Alfonso VIII ceded to Alfonso Téllez de Meneses the village of Montalbán. The following year he received as a gift of the king the village of Navahermosa, its castle Dos Hermanas, and the village of Malamoneda and its eponymous castle, splitting them off from the jurisdiction of the Knights Templar. Around this time Alfonso Téllez de Meneses also governed Portillo on behalf of his relative Ermengol VIII, Count of Urgell.
He fought at the Battle of Las Navas de Tolosa, which took place on 16 July 1212, along with his brothers-in-law Gonzalo, Rodrigo, Pedro, Nuño, and Álvaro Rodríguez Girón, and his three brothers.
In February of 1216, during the uprising of Álvaro Núñez de Lara, he took part in an extraordinary parliament along with other Castilian nobles including Lope Díaz de Haro, Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón, Álvaro Díaz de Cameros, and others, where they agreed, with the support of Berengaria (sister of the young king Henry I), to form a common front against Álvaro Núñez. By the end of May the situation in Castile had become dangerous for Berengaria, so she decided to take refuge in the castle of Autillo de Campos, a property of Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón, and sent her son Fernando to the court of León and his father, King Alfonso IX. On 15 August 1216 a meeting was held among all the nobility of the Kingdom of Castile to try to reach an accord and avoid civil war, but their disagreements led the families of Girón, Téllez de Meneses, and Haro distance themselves definitively from Álvaro Núñez de Lara.
According to the "Crónica latina de los reyes de Castilla", the year 1217 was one of great tension, such as never had occurred in Castile before. Álvaro Núñez de Lara refused to renounce the power he had gained thereto and harassed the forces that remained loyal to Berengaria, laying waste to the valley of Trigueros and besieging Autillo de Campos, where Berengaria and her partisans were located, as well as Cisneros and Frechilla.
Circumstances changed suddenly when King Henry died on 6 June 1217 after receiving a head wound from a roof tile that came loose accidentally while he was playing with other children in the palace of the Bishop of Palencia, Tello Téllez de Meneses. Álvaro Núñez de Lara, as the young king's guardian, tried to keep the matter quiet, bringing the king's body to the castle of Tariego, but he could not prevent the news from reaching Queen Berengaria.
Immediately, Berengaria charged Lope Díaz de Haro, Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón, and Alfonso Téllez de Meneses with the task of discreetly fetching her son Ferdinand, who at the time was in Toro with his father King Alfonso, using as pretext the possibility of an attack on Autillo and without revealing the news of her brother's death. Despite the hesitation of the "infantas" Sancha and Dulce, the nobles were able to convince the King that King Henry was alive and well, thereupon leaving Toro with Ferdinand. Berengaria, the legitimate heiress to the throne of Castile, renounced it in favor of her son Ferdinand, who shortly thereafter was proclaimed king in Autillo de Campos on 14 June 1217.
On 20 September of that year, Alfonso Téllez de Meneses took Álvaro Núñez de Lara prisoner, and Álvaro was obliged to hand over some fortresses. On 11 November a generous truce was signed, allowing members of the House of Lara to recover their liberty and privileges. As soon as he was released from prison, however, Álvaro once again defied his enemies Alfonso Téllez de Meneses, Gonzalo Rodríguez Girón, and Lope Díaz de Haro, but he died while laying siege to them in the fortress of Castrejón de Trabancos, where they had taken refuge after an initial defeat. His brother Fernando Núñez de Lara made his way to Morocco, where he placed himself in the service of Caliph Yusuf II. The Pact of Toro of 26 August 1218 ratified the truce and put an end to the conflict.
Alfonso Téllez de Meneses died in 1230 while accompanying King Ferdinand on his way to his coronation as King of León, the occasion of the union of the two crowns upon the death of Alfonso IX of León. He was buried, according to tradition, in the Monastery of Santa María de Palazuelos which he had founded.
Marriage and children.
Alfonso married twice. His first wife was Elvira Rodríguez Girón (? – after 22 February 1211), daughter of Rodrigo Gutiérrez Girón. They had four children:
Between February 1211, the year in which his first wife died, and before July 1213 when he first appears with his second wife, he married the young Portuguese Teresa Sanches, the illegitimate daughter of Sancho I of Portugal and Maria Pais Ribeira, who later married Juan Fernández, tenant-in-chief in Limia and Monterroso. Alfonso probably succeeded to the Lordship of Alburquerque thanks to his second marriage to Teresa, since it was inherited by the children of this marriage, while the Lordship of Meneses passed to his firstborn, Tello, the son of his first wife. The children of this second marriage were:

</doc>
<doc id="36601542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601542" title="Women's soccer in the United States">
Women's soccer in the United States

The first organized women's soccer matches in the United States were in the 1970s.
The United States is now regarded as one of the top countries in the world for women’s soccer, and it is currently ranked first in the FIFA rankings. Despite the consistent success of the national team, it has struggled to maintain fan interest outside of major tournaments, and several attempts at professional leagues have shut down in the face of financial issues. The lack of finances could be fixed if the team had a more consistent fan base during the regular season instead of just during their bigger games.
Senior team.
The women’s national team was formed and played its first games in 1985. In its first years, it played in little more than friendly tournaments, primarily against European teams, as no competitions for women’s national teams yet existed. After the United States was awarded the 1994 FIFA World Cup and the first FIFA Women's World Cup was announced for 1991, increased investment in both the men’s and women’s national teams by the USSF led to the United States' team rapidly improving and hosting the first women’s World Cup. The popularity of the team exploded in the aftermath of the US 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup win as a result of penalty kicks in front of a sold-out Rose Bowl. The close win increased the tension, giving the team a more lively reputation as a sport.
Since then, the Americans have remained a force in international women’s soccer, having finished third or better in every World Cup, reaching the championship game once again in 2011, as well as appearing in all five Olympic gold medal games, winning four, despite only 7 of the 18 players in the 2012 squad holding a professional contract and none playing professionally overseas. The national team also competes in other tournaments such as the annual Algarve Cup. The primary source of young players for the national team is NCAA College soccer, which feeds players to the U-20 national team and eventually the full senior team. Because the United States often lacks a professional women’s league, interest in the team only peaks around major tournaments and the team has historically struggled to maintain interest between said tournaments. Recently, the United States has also faced increasingly competitive European national teams, many of which have well-established women’s leagues in their countries from which to draw players.
League system.
The success of the women's national team has not translated into success for women's professional soccer in the United States. The first attempt at a national women's soccer league was the Women's United Soccer Association. It featured successful American players Julie Foudy, Mia Hamm, and many other national team stars including Germany's Birgit Prinz. The WUSA ceased operation at the end of 2003. Many of those involved in the league worked to restart a professional women's league in 2009 under the banner of Women's Professional Soccer, initially with seven teams. The league started the 2010 season with eight teams, as one charter team, the Los Angeles Sol, folded and two new teams joined. However, another charter team, Saint Louis Athletica, folded during the season, bringing WPS back to its original number of seven teams. The 2009 season was successful, with Sky Blue FC winning the title in Cinderella fashion and the league met its financial goals. The 2010 season, however, saw considerably more instability. In addition to the in-season demise of Saint Louis Athletica, champions FC Gold Pride folded after the season, and the Chicago Red Stars failed to meet financial requirements to stay in WPS and regrouped in the WPSL. The Western New York Flash joined in 2011, making WPS a six-team league operating entirely along the East Coast. WPS suspended operations in 2012, following a 2011 season marked by near-constant conflict between the league and franchise owner Dan Borislow. The W-League of the United Soccer Leagues and the WPSL have also had some success with teams in cities all across the country, and the WPSL established the semi-pro WPSL Elite League in the 2012 season to provide an outlet for professional teams in the absence of WPS. WPSL Elite was meant to be a stopgap before a planned 2013 return of WPS.
Fully professional women's soccer returned for 2013 in the form of the National Women's Soccer League, officially announced by U.S. Soccer in a November 21, 2012 news conference with the league name unveiled the following month. The NWSL, which launched with eight teams, is directly operated by U.S. Soccer, with the Canadian Soccer Association (CSA) and Mexican Football Federation (FMF) also providing financial support. All three national federations are paying the league salaries for many of their national team members, with U.S. Soccer funding 23 players in the 2013 season and the CSA and FMF funding 16 each. Of the league's eight charter teams, four have direct WPS ties—the Boston Breakers, Chicago Red Stars, Sky Blue FC, and the Western New York Flash. Another team, Portland Thorns FC, is owned and operated by the Portland Timbers of MLS. The league added its second MLS-linked side for 2014, welcoming the Houston Dash, owned and operated by the Houston Dynamo. 
America's approach to growing the game among women has served as a model for other countries' development programs for women at all levels. The relative lack of attention afforded the women's game in traditional soccer-playing countries may also have contributed to the United States' early dominance of the international women's game. Another contributing factor is the role of women within American society, which includes relative equality (especially rejecting hardened gender roles) for women in the United States relative to many other countries. This is also reflected in official government policy regarding women in athletics, specifically Title IX, which requires college and public school athletics programs to support men and women athletics equally. A final factor is the lack of competition from American football for female athletic talent; since American football is generally not played by women, far more high-caliber female athletes are available to play soccer.

</doc>
<doc id="36601557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601557" title="Wells County Fairgrounds">
Wells County Fairgrounds

The Wells County Fairgrounds in Fessenden, North Dakota was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991. The listing included 18 contributing buildings and one other contributing object on .
It includes a horse barn and many other individual features.

</doc>
<doc id="36601580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601580" title="Terry Mulligan">
Terry Mulligan

Terry Baker Mulligan (born 1944) is an American writer, educator and inspirational speaker, who was born and raised in the Sugar Hill neighborhood of Harlem in New York City. Mulligan attended both public and private schools while growing up in New York, graduating high school from the famous “progressive powerhouse,” the New Lincoln School in Harlem. She obtained her bachelor’s degree in English from Wagner College in Staten Island, N.Y., and she completed her formal education at the City College of New York, earning a Master of Arts degree in English.
Early Versions of Memoir.
Making her home in St. Louis, Mo., after her marriage to Michael Mulligan, Esq., in the early 1970s, Mulligan began writing the first of several versions of what would become her award-winning 2012 memoir “Sugar Hill, Where the Sun Rose Over Harlem.” In it, she celebrates the life of the neighborhood as she knew it in the 1950s, a place where African-American achievers and celebrities made their homes alongside middle-class families and lower-income blacks and whites. Mulligan writes about her frequent visits to the Apollo Theater in its heyday as a showcase for the great stars of Jazz, Soul, Gospel, R&B and early Rock ‘n Roll. She also details extensively the shaping influence that her maternal grandmother, her mother and her mother’s sisters had on her growing up.
Harlem Childhood.
Mulligan’s mother Olivia Hodges Jackson worked as a secretary in the offices of the Harlem-based New York Amsterdam News, and later for the administration at the City College of New York. Her father, the Philadelphia-born Roy Baker, was a Cotton Club dancer and an entertainer with Cab Calloway’s troupe during the Harlem Renaissance era. Although never married to her mother, Baker took some responsibility for Terry’s upbringing, with colorful weekend adventures along Seventh Avenue defining his relationship with young Terry. 
Adult Life in St. Louis.
After settling in St. Louis, Mulligan studied fiction and non-fiction writing at Washington University’s Summer Writers Institute and the Iowa Summer Writing Festival. In 2000, her article “Sugar Hill” appeared in "Labor History". In 1998, Terry won first-person runner-up, non-fiction, at the Heartland Writers Conference. She is a member of the Harlem Arts Alliance, the Independent Book Publishers Association (IBPA), and a former secretary of the St. Louis Publishers Association. She recently left her teaching duties at St. Louis Community College to devote her full time to writing. She also volunteers with several non-profit organizations that seek to improve education for youth in underserved schools. Mulligan is the mother of two grown sons.
Terry Baker Mulligan has appeared at major cultural venues in St. Louis and New York City to speak and read from her 2012 memoir. In May 2012, “Sugar Hill, Where the Sun Rose Over Harlem” was awarded the Independent Publishers Gold Medal for Adult Multicultural Nonfiction. The cover of "Sugar Hill" was included on the front of Publishers Weekly in March 2012, featuring titles from the Independent Book Publishers Association.
In 2013, "Sugar Hill" won two Benjamin Franklin Gold Medal Awards for Autobiography/Memoir and Multicultural Writing.

</doc>
<doc id="36601585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601585" title="Joseph Vincent">
Joseph Vincent

Joseph Vincent Encarnacion (born August 15, 1989), better known as Joseph Vincent, is a Filipino American guitarist, singer, and songwriter. Joseph has been featured on NBC’s The Ellen DeGeneres Show and has performed at well-known Los Angeles venues, such as The House of Blues, The Knitting Factory, Roxy Theatre, El Rey Theatre, The Troubadour, among international venues in Australia, Singapore, and Canada. He is currently managed by Tom Ngo and Catch Adventures.
Early life.
Joseph Vincent was born on August 15, 1989 in Los Angeles, California. Joseph picked up his first guitar when he was 15 and started by playing song covers of some of his main musical influences, such as Jack Johnson and Jason Mraz. Joseph began writing and composing his own original songs at the age of 16. Joseph graduated from the University of California-Irvine in 2012.
Career.
In June 2008, Joseph entered the music scene by uploading song covers on YouTube, where he became widely recognized. He now (as of May 12, 2013) has over 330,000 subscribers and over 68 million views. Joseph has often collaborated with other well-known Youtube artists, such as Jason Chen and Clara C. Although he is best known in the United States, Joseph has become internationally popular, having performed sold out shows in Singapore, Canada, and Australia, and being voted Australia’s “Youtube Artist of the Year” by Star Central magazine.
Outside of his YouTube success, Joseph was the winner of Kababayan LA’s first “Kababayan Superstar” contest in 2009, and has been featured twice on NBC’s The Ellen DeGeneres Show; he was featured first for their “Wonderful Web of Wonderment,” and later as a performer, on April 29 and May 27, 2010.
On September 14, 2010, Joseph Vincent signed to Catch Adventures and is currently managed by Tom Ngo. Joseph released his debut album, “Blue Skies,” in 2011.
Discography.
Studio Albums.
Blue Skies (2012)

</doc>
<doc id="36601591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601591" title="Timo Saarelainen">
Timo Saarelainen

Timo Saarelainen (born August 23, 1960) is a retired Finnish basketball player. He was a member of the Finnish national basketball team for seven years and was a star college player at Brigham Young University (BYU) in the United States.
Saarelainen, a 6'6" small forward from Helsinki, played for Finland's national teams from 1978 to 1984, competing for Finland in the qualifying tournaments for the 1980 and 1984 Olympics. He was Finland's leading scorer for four years. He came to the United States in 1980 to pursue his degree at BYU. While there he went to two NCAA tournaments and as a senior in 1985 was named the Western Athletic Conference player of the year. That season he averaged 22 points and 4.5 rebounds per game for the Cougars. For his BYU career, Saarelainen scored 932 points in 100 games.
Following his BYU career, Saarelainen was selected in the fifth round of the 1985 NBA Draft by the Los Angeles Lakers, but did not play in the league. Saarelainen played six seasons for Helsingin NMKY of Korisliiga, Finland's top professional league.

</doc>
<doc id="36601604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601604" title="Interior Hearts">
Interior Hearts

Interior Hearts is the third album by the American punk rock band Legal Weapon, independently released in 1985 on Arsenal Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by Legal Weapon.
Personnel.
Legal Weapon
Additional musicians and production

</doc>
<doc id="36601608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601608" title="Swimming at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre freestyle">
Swimming at the 2003 World Aquatics Championships – Men's 100 metre freestyle

The Men's 100 Freestyle event at the 10th FINA World Championships swam on 23–24 July 2003 in Barcelona Spain. Preliminary and Semifinal heats swam on July 23; while the Final swam on July 24.
Prior to the start of the event, the existing World (WR) and Championship (CR) records were:

</doc>
<doc id="36601633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601633" title="Shanghai Calling">
Shanghai Calling

Shanghai Calling is a 2012 American romantic-comedy film written and directed by Daniel Hsia and produced by Janet Yang. Starring Daniel Henney, Eliza Coupe, and Bill Paxton, "Shanghai Calling" is a story about a group of Americans who find themselves immigrants in a foreign country.
Synopsis.
Sam Chao (Daniel Henney), an ambitious New York attorney, is sent to Shanghai on an assignment. Things go disastrously wrong and he finds his career in jeopardy. With the help of his beautiful relocation specialist Amanda Wilson (Eliza Coupe), fast food entrepreneur Donald Cafferty (Bill Paxton), and a few others, Sam just might be able to save his job and learn to appreciate the wonders that Shanghai has to offer.
Awards.
The film has won a Best Actor award (for Daniel Henney) at the 2012 Shanghai International Film Festival), and Best Screenwriter (for Daniel Hsia) at the 2012 Shanghai International Film Festival as well. Daniel Henney also won a Best Actor award at the 2012 Newport Beach Film Festival, and Daniel Hsia won a Best New Director / Outstanding First Feature Award at the 2012 Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36601634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601634" title="Dinophysis ovum">
Dinophysis ovum

Dinophysis ovum is a toxic dinoflagellate suspected to cause diarrhetic shellfish poisoning in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="36601653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601653" title="Episcopal Conference of Togo">
Episcopal Conference of Togo

The local conference of bishops is the Episcopal Conference of Togo (French: Episcopal Conférence du Togo, CET).
The CET is a member of the Regional Bishops' Conference of Francophone West Africa and Symposium of Episcopal Conferences of Africa and Madagascar (SECAM).
List of Presidents:
1970-1992: Robert-Casimir Tonyui Messan Dosseh-Anyron, Archbishop of Lomé
1992-2006: Philippe Fanoko Kossi Kpodzro, Archbishop of Lomé
2006 - ... : Ambrose Kotamba Djoliba, bishop of Sokodé

</doc>
<doc id="36601683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601683" title="Calvi-class submarine">
Calvi-class submarine

The "Calvi"-class was a class of three submarines built by Oderno-Terni-Orlando in Genoa for the Royal Italian Navy (). The submarines were built in 1935, and all three served in the Mediterranean at the start of the Second World War. The boats were transferred to the BETASOM German submarine base at Bordeaux in August 1940. In December 1941 the boats were used for a rescue mission of 254 sailors from the sunken German auxiliary cruiser Atlantis. After "Calvi" had been sunk, "Finzi" and "Tazzoli" were selected for conversion to "transport submarines" in order to exchange rare or irreplaceable trade goods with Japan. Cargo capacity of 160 tons reduced reserve buoyancy from 20–25% to 3.5–6%; and armament was reduced to defensive machine guns.
Ships.
"Pietro Calvi".
"Pietro Calvi" (pennant number CV) was launched 31 March 1935. The first war patrol was from Liguria to the Atlantic Ocean, and lasted from 3 July to 6 August 1940. After overhaul at La Spezia, "Calvi" sailed on 6 October 1940 for a second Atlantic patrol reaching Bordeaux on 23 October. "Calvi" suffered storm damage during its third patrol off the British Isles from 3 to 31 December 1940. The fourth patrol was between the Canary Islands and the Azores from 31 March to 13 May 1941. "Calvi" sailed on 1 August 1941 for a fifth patrol off the Canary Islands. During the sixth patrol from 7 to 29 December 1941 "Calvi", "Finzi" and "Tazzoli" rescued sailors of the sunken raider "Atlantis". The seventh patrol was off Brazil from 7 March to 29 April 1942. "Calvi" sailed on 2 July 1942 for its eighth patrol. "Calvi" was rammed and sunk on 14 July 1942 by convoy SL 115 escort HMS "Lulworth". Three officers and 32 sailors survived.
"Giuseppe Finzi".
"Giuseppe Finzi" (pennant number FZ) was launched 29 June 1935. The first war patrol was from Cagliari to the Atlantic, and lasted from 5 June to 10 July 1940. "Finzi" sailed on 7 September 1940 and passed the Strait of Gibraltar on 13 September for an Atlantic patrol to Bordeaux on 29 September. Admiral Karl Dönitz visited "Finzi" on 30 September to welcome "Regia Marina" sailors to the German base. The third patrol near the British Isles from 24 October to 4 December 1940 revealed that the diesel engine air intake was too exposed for North Atlantic winter weather. The fourth patrol was near the Canary Islands from 10 March to 17 April 1941 and the fifth patrol was off Gibraltar in August. During the sixth patrol from 7 to 29 December 1941 "Calvi", "Finzi" and "Tazzoli" rescued sailors of the sunken raider "Atlantis". "Finzi" sailed for Operation Neuland on 6 February 1942 and returned on 31 March. "Finzi" returned to the Caribbean Sea for an eighth patrol from 6 June to 18 August 1942. On 26 November 1942 "Finzi" sailed for a ninth patrol to Brazil; but mechanical problems required return to base on 10 December. "Finzi" patrolled the west African coast from 11 February to 18 April 1943. Conversion to a transport submarine was never completed; and the boat was scuttled at Le Verdon-sur-Mer on 25 July 1944.
"Enrico Tazzoli".
"Enrico Tazzoli" (pennant number TZ) was launched 14 October 1935. It was named after Enrico Tazzoli, a martyr of the Italian wars of independence. The first wartime patrol was off the coast of north Africa from 21 June 1940 to 2 July. The second was an unsuccessful attempt to pass the Strait of Gibraltar from 30 July to 9 August 1940. After overhaul at La Spezia, "Tazzoli" sailed on 2 October 1940 and passed the Strait of Gibraltar on 7 October for an Atlantic patrol to Bordeaux on 24 October. The fourth patrol was off the British Isles from 13 December 1940 to 6 January 1941. "Tazzoli" sailed on 7 April 1941 to patrol between Freetown and the Azores; and shot down an attacking Bristol Blenheim while returning to port on 23 May. The sixth patrol was again off Freetown from 15 July to 11 September 1941. During the seventh patrol from 7 to 27 December 1941 "Calvi", "Finzi" and "Tazzoli" rescued sailors of the sunken raider "Atlantis". "Tazzoli" sailed for Operation Neuland on 2 February 1942 and returned on 31 March. The ninth patrol was again to the Caribbean from 18 June to 5 September 1942; and the tenth patrol was to Brazil from 14 November 1942 to 2 February 1943. After conversion to a transport submarine, "Tazzoli" sailed for Japan on 16 May 1943 and was sunk by aircraft in the Bay of Biscay on 23 May.

</doc>
<doc id="36601688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601688" title="Associazione Scouts Cattolici Italiani">
Associazione Scouts Cattolici Italiani

The Associazione Scouts Cattolici Italiani (Association of Italian Catholic Scouts, ASCI) was a Catholic Scouting association active in Italy from 1916 to 1974, while being suspended under Fascism.
In 1974, after a long debate, ASCI was merged with the "Associazione Guide Italiane" (AGI), its female counterpart, started in 1943, to form the "Associazione Guide e Scouts Cattolici Italiani" (AGESCI), one of the first coeducational organizations in world Scouting. Many ASCI leaders who disagreed with the merger (and the principle of coeducation) formed the "Associazione Italiana Guide e Scouts d'Europa Cattolici" (AIGSEC) in 1976, along with former leaders of AGI and disgruntled members of AGESCI.

</doc>
<doc id="36601711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601711" title="Stenosteus">
Stenosteus

Stenosteus is a genus of medium-sized selenosteid arthrodire placoderms known from the Upper Famennian Cleveland Shales of Ohio. Estimated skull lengths range from 6 to 9 centimeters
Most fossils of "Stenosteus" have been scraps of armor and portions of tooth-plates suggestive of "Selenosteus". In 1996, enough material of a new species, "S. angustopectus", was recovered to allow a reconstruction of armor that resembles that of "Selenosteus".

</doc>
<doc id="36601721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601721" title="Ieva Krastiņa">
Ieva Krastiņa

Ieva Krastiņa (born 22 July 1990) is a Latvian basketball player. She currently plays for TTT Riga and Latvia women's national basketball team. Krastiņa is two-time bronze medallist of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship. She is 2009 Latvian champion.

</doc>
<doc id="36601732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601732" title="Hezekiah D. Robertson">
Hezekiah D. Robertson

Hezekiah D. Robertson (December 15, 1826 Bedford, Westchester County, New York - September 19, 1870) was an American farmer, merchant and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Lawrence Robertson (1791–1848) and Sally (Dykeman) Robertson (1792–1848). After the death of his parents he became a farmer in Pound Ridge, and was School Commissioner and Supervisor of this town. In 1853, he returned to Bedford, and became a merchant. He was Supervisor of the Town of Bedford in 1855, from 1858 to 1861, and from 1865 to 1870.
He entered politics as a Whig, then joined the American Party, and in 1858 became a Republican.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (8th D.) from 1860 to 1863, sitting in the 83rd, 84th, 85th and 86th New York State Legislatures. In 1861, he married Sarah C. Butler.
He died at his home in Bedford of "typhoid pneumonia" and was buried at the Union Cemetery in Bedford.
Congressman William H. Robertson (1823–1898) was his cousin.

</doc>
<doc id="36601746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36601746" title="2 Guitars">
2 Guitars

2 Guitars is an album by guitarists Kenny Burrell and Jimmy Raney recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars with Scott Yanow stating, "This is a well-rounded set that may not contain any real surprises, but will be enjoyed by collectors of hard bop".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Mal Waldron except as indicated"

</doc>
