<doc id="36515024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515024" title="Frederick Rodgers">
Frederick Rodgers

Rear Admiral Frederick W. Rodgers (3 October 1842 - 3 November 1917) was an officer in the United States Navy. He fought in the American Civil War and rose to be the last commander of the Asiatic Squadron. He was a grandson of U.S. Navy Commodore Matthew C. Perry.
Naval career.
Rodgers was born in Havre de Grace, Maryland, on 3 October 1842, a son of Robert Smith Rodgers (1809–1891) and the former Sarah Perry (1818–1905), a daughter of U.S. Navy Commodore Matthew C. Perry (1794-1858). He was appointed as an acting midshipman on 25 September 1857 and attended the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, from 1857 to 1861, completing his studies just after the April 1861 outbreak of the American Civil War.
Promoted to midshipman on 1 June 1861 and to acting master on 10 June 1861, Rodgers first assignment was aboard the sailing frigate in the Gulf of Mexico as part of the Union blockade of the Confederate States of America. After "Santee" captured her second blockade runner – the hermaphrodite brig "Delta" carrying a cargo of salt from Liverpool, England – on 27 October 1861, Rodgers was placed aboard "Delta" in command of her prize crew.
Rodgers was promoted to lieutenant on 16 July 1862 and from 1862 to 1863 served aboard the gunboat , seeing action along the Mississippi River in Louisiana at the First Battle of Donaldsonville on 9 August 1862 and in actions at Port Hudson and College Point. He transferred to the screw steamer in 1863 and served aboard her in the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron from 1863 to 1864 and the West Gulf Blockading Squadron from 1864 to 1865, and "Grand Gulf" successfully intercepted a number of blockade runners during his tour. In 1865 he served aboard the steam sloop-of-war .
After the war, Rodgers joined the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States - a military society of officers who had served in the Union armed forces.
Promoted to lieutenant commander on 26 July 1866, Rodgers served aboard the newly commissioned screw steamer for a short time in 1866 before reporting for duty later that year aboard the newly recommissioned screw sloop-of-war . After "Sacramento" ran aground and was wrecked in the Bay of Bengal on 6 June 1867, Rodgers served aboard the steamer on the Great Lakes from 1868 to 1869 before duty in the North Pacific Squadron successively aboard the screw steamer and sailing sloop-of-war in 1870 and the steam sloop-of-war from 1871 to 1872.
After leaving the North Pacific Squadron, Rodgers performed ordnance duty at the Washington Navy Yard in Washington, D.C., in 1872. He was the first commanding officer of the newly acquired steamer from 1873 to 1876, during which time the ship was engaged in special service. He was promoted to commander on 4 February 1875.
After duty as a lighthouse inspector on the Great Lakes from 1876 to 1877, Rodgers was the commanding officer of the screw gunboat in the South Atlantic Squadron and later in the Pacific Squadron from 1878 to 1879. He then served a second tour as a lighthouse inspector, this time at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from 1881 to 1883 before a tour from 1883 to 1886 as commanding officer of the receiving ship at Mare Island Navy Yard in Vallejo, California. He was a lighthouse inspector again from 1888 to September 1890, in charge of the Lighthouse Depot, and was promoted to captain on 26 or 28 February 1890 (sources vary).
Rodgers returned to sea as commanding officer of the protected cruiser from September 1890 to July 1892, then served as Supervisor of the Harbor of New York from July 1892 to September 1893. His next tour was as Captain of the Yard at the New York Navy Yard in Brooklyn, New York, from 1893 to 1896. He took command of the new battleship as her first commanding officer when she was commissioned on 10 June 1896. During the Spanish American War he commanded the coastal monitor which operated in both the Cuban and Puerto Rican Campaigns. Following the war, he served as President of the Board of Inspection and Survey from 1 December 1898 until 1901, being promoted to commodore on 25 September or 25 December 1898 (sources vary) and to rear admiral on 3 March 1899.
In May 1901, Rodgers became Senior Squadron Commander within the Asiatic Squadron, and, on 1 March 1902, he became the commander of the entire Asiatic Squadron, which was engaged in combat during the Philippine-American War at the time. He was the squadrons last commander, as at the end of his tour on 29 October 1902 the Asiatic Squadron was abolished and its responsibilities were assumed by the new United States Asiatic Fleet. 
While in the Asiatic Squadron, Rodgers was at the center of a legal case, "Frederick Rodgers v. United States", involving a claim Rodgers made for additional pay he believed was due him and eight other rear admirals in the wake of the passage by the United States Congress of the Navy Personnel Act of 3 March 1899. The Supreme Court of the United States heard arguments in the case on 26 February 1902 and ruled against Rodgers on 26 April 1902.
Rodgers was commandant of the New York Navy Yard from 1 April 1903 until 3 October 1904, when he retired from the Navy upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 62.
Retirement and death.
In retirement, Rodgers lived in Washington, D.C., for a time. He was involved in various activities, such as serving in 1907 as senior member of a naval board considering land boundaries at Honolulu in the Territory of Hawaii.
Rodgers died of a stroke at his home in St. James on Long Island, New York, on 3 November 1917. He was survived by his wife and a son.
Rogers is buried at Rock Creek Cemetery in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="36515046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515046" title="Alagiri Nayak">
Alagiri Nayak

Alagiri Nayak was the younger brother of the Madurai Nayak king Chokkanatha Nayak and the last Nayak king of Thanjavur. In 1675, Thanjavur was conquered by Ekoji I, the half-brother of Shivaji who founded the Thanjavur Maratha kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="36515057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515057" title="10,000 yen coin">
10,000 yen coin

The 10,000 yen coin is a denomination of the Japanese yen. This denomination is only used for the issue of commemorative coins struck by the Japan Mint.
History.
The first 10,000 yen coin was minted in 1986 as a silver commemorative to mark the 60th year of the enthronement of the Shōwa emperor, Hirohito.
Subsequently, the 10,000 yen coin was struck in gold; 15.6g until 2004, 20.0g in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36515083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515083" title="List of organizations that combat human trafficking">
List of organizations that combat human trafficking

This is a list of organizations with a primary, or significant, commitment to ending human trafficking.
GABRIELA, a leftist Filipino organization that advocates for women's issues

</doc>
<doc id="36515096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515096" title="Josef Ackermann (journalist)">
Josef Ackermann (journalist)

Josef Ackermann (born Munich, January 31, 1896 – died Zürich, August 22, 1959) was a German journalist.
Biography.
Ackermann became contributing editor of the "Weißenburger Tagblatt" in 1917, and of the "Telegraphen-Union" in Munich. He was permanent Landtag rapporteur for the Münchner Zeitung and the Bayerische Staatszeitung. During the Third Reich he was imprisoned in Stadelheim Prison, in the KZs Dachau, Buchenwald and Dora-Mittelbau. After World War II he became director of the municipal intelligence service of München. Ackermann was correspondent of the newspaper Die Welt, and from 1948 to 1951 he was head of the Verband der Berufsjournalisten in Bayern (association of professional journalists in bavaria). In April 1945, he was founder and chief editor of the Münchner Stadtanzeiger. Ackermann was member of the Senate of Bavaria from 1950 to 1955. He was member of the executive board of the Deutscher Journalisten-Verband (German journalist association) and member of the "Arbeitsgemeinschaft kommunaler Presseamtsleiter". The "Ackermannstraße" in Munich was named in honor of him in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="36515110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515110" title="Barry Railway Class L">
Barry Railway Class L

Barry Railway Class L were 0-6-4T steam tank locomotives of the Barry Railway in South Wales. They were designed by John Auld, his only design for the Barry Railway, built by Hawthorn Leslie and Company and were introduced in 1914. They were originally intended for use on heavy coal trains from Trehafod but, as the B1 class proved more than adequate for the work, they were assigned to different duties. These included pulling mineral trains from Rhymney and New Tredegar on the Brecon and Merthyr, from Rogerstone Yard on the Great Western and from Neath Junction, also on the Great Western. They were also to be seen occasionally pulling the suburban service to Cardiff.
Design Fault.
One characteristic of the locomotive was a design fault that caused it to derail. The problem would only occur when the locomotive was travelling smokebox first over facing hand operated points, usually to be found in colliery sidings, marshalling yards and the dock area. The rear coupled wheels, nearest the bunker, would force the tongue of the point open, causing the trailing bogie not to follow the driving wheels but to take the wrong road. These points had the disadvantage of not having a locking mechanism which could be found on facing points on the main line. At its worst, the result could be derailment, one example being that of No 147 which when entering Barry Sidings with a coal train from Coity, ended up on its side. Less severe but nonetheless serious damage could also be sustained. If the balancing pipe between the side and bunker tanks became fractured, the tanks would lose water rapidly and the fire would have to be dropped to prevent a boiler explosion. In practical terms, the crews would usually solve the problem by having the fireman hold on to the point lever while the driver took the locomotive through the point extremely slowly. Several engineering solutions were attempted both on the locomotive and on the track to overcome the problem but never fully successfully.
Withdrawal.
The locomotives passed to the Great Western Railway in 1922 and were scrapped in 1926. One story has it that they were unintentionally destroyed resulting from a clerical error at Swindon but this has never been confirmed. None survived into British Railways ownership and none have been preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="36515114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515114" title="It's a SpongeBob Christmas!">
It's a SpongeBob Christmas!

"It's a SpongeBob Christmas!" is the 23rd episode of the eighth season and the 175th overall episode of the American animated television series "SpongeBob SquarePants". It originally aired on CBS in the United States on November 23, 2012, and on Nickelodeon on December 6. The episode follows Plankton as he turns everybody in Bikini Bottom from nice to naughty by feeding them his special jerktonium-laced fruitcakes all in an effort to get his Christmas wish—the Krabby Patty secret formula.
The episode was produced in stop motion and was directed by Mark Caballero and Seamus Walsh, and was written by Luke Brookshier, Marc Ceccarelli, Derek Iversen, and Mr. Lawrence. It was inspired by the classic television specials by Rankin/Bass and is the second "SpongeBob SquarePants" Christmas episode after "Christmas Who?", which premiered in December 2000. John Goodman guest starred as the voice of Santa Claus. On November 6, 2012, the soundtrack album and the DVD for the episode was released simultaneously.
Upon release, the episode attracted nearly 5 million viewers and was met with positive critical respose. It received four nominations at the 40th Annie Awards including Best Animated Television Production for Children, and won the Character Animation in an Animated Television or other Broadcast Venue Production for Dan Driscoll.
Plot summary.
It is Christmas in Bikini Bottom and Plankton is angry for committing naughty acts that he is on the naughty list of Santa Claus and would not receive his Christmas wish, the Krabby Patty secret formula. However, he discovers jerktonium, an element that can turn anyone nice into a jerk. Using his discovery, he cooks it into fruitcakes he intends to spread around Bikini Bottom. To test it, Plankton gives the fruit cake to SpongeBob, but he is immune to jerktonium because of a combination of his tiny brain and his big heart. Upset that his plan seemingly failed, Plankton gives his fruitcake dispenser to SpongeBob, who promptly distributes the fruitcakes to all of Bikini Bottom and turns all the residents into jerks. Plankton realizes that SpongeBob is so full of Christmas spirit that he is immune to jerktonium; Plankton then sends out an evil wind-up robot SpongeBob to commit naughty deeds to frame the real SpongeBob.
The next day, SpongeBob begins to notice that everyone is acting like jerks. SpongeBob and Sandy discover the antidote for jerktonium and it happens to be a song. SpongeBob begins singing, bringing back the residents' Christmas spirit. Unfortunately, it is too late when Santa Claus arrives and states that everyone is on his naughty list, except Plankton, who is the only nice person there is. Santa then grants Plankton his wish and tells SpongeBob that he is the worst of them all for wreaking havoc in Bikini Bottom. The robot comes to eliminate Santa and destroy more of Christmas. SpongeBob fights and destroys the robot with the fruitcake dispenser. Santa thanks SpongeBob for saving him and realizes that Plankton was behind the chaos. Santa then leaves Bikini Bottom.
Patchy the Pirate Sub-Plot.
The Special also features a Stop-Motion Sub-Plot, Featuring the Live-Action Character, Patchy the Pirate. Patchy (Parodying the role of S.D. Kluger from "Santa Claus is Comin' to Town") drives a mail truck through a snowy mountain range, In which it's revealed that he stole the truck and is bringing Santa his Letter. Patchy's Truck then suddenly runs over a fork in the road, causing the Truck to spin Madly.
Later on, Patchy and Potty have Manage to survive, and get lost in the woods, as they build a fire.
In the Epilogue of the episode, Patchy and Potty make it to the North Pole, believing they finally made it to Santa's workshop. However, it turns out he was, once again, hallucinating and really encountered a hungry polar bear, which started chasing him (and presumably eats Patchy). Potty steal Manages to find Santa's real Workshop, and Patchy is put on the naughty list for stealing the mail truck in the first place.
All of the Patchy the Pirate segments were cut in the CBS airing. The Sub-plot would also be reused for the Direct-to-DVD Max sequel, "Max 3: It's a Max and Lora Christmas".
Development.
Writing and music.
Luke Brookshier, Marc Ceccarelli, Derek Iversen, and Mr. Lawrence served as the episode's writers. "It's a SpongeBob Christmas!" was inspired by the classic Rankin/Bass television specials, "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" and "Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town". The original concept for the episode came from an idea by Tom Kenny, who originally wrote a song in 2009. Eventually, the Nickelodeon executives found it on their desk and decided to make it into a holiday special.
Nickelodeon wrote three more songs for the special, and decided to make a soundtrack album. On November 6, 2012, Nickelodeon officially released the soundtrack album to the episode. Sony Music Entertainment also released the soundtrack for digital download from online music stores including Amazon and iTunes.
Production.
"It's a SpongeBob Christmas!" was the first full-length episode in the series that was produced in stop motion animation. Mark Caballero, Seamus Walsh, and Christopher Finnegan of Screen Novelties animated it, and Caballero and Walsh also served as its directors. In 2009, they also animated the series' 10th anniversary special opening titles.
Production on the episode began in October 2011 at Los Angeles, California. According to Chris Finnegan, it took about five months to shoot, with a couple of months on either end for research and development and post. Six sets were constructed on which sixty pounds of baking soda were used as snow, 42 pounds of glitter for the background, 22 pounds of woodchips were used to create Sandy's treedome floor and 20 boxes of cereal covered the coral rocks. Caballero and Walsh had conflicts on making sure the stop motion version of Bikini Bottom will resemble the 2D world of the series. There was also the issue of making SpongeBob resemble his 2D self.
Series' creator Stephen Hillenburg and executive producer Paul Tibbitt provided hands-on feedback on the production on a weekly basis. "They'd check out the weeklies and go back and forth with us on the various gags[...] It was really a pleasurable experience when they came to visit, because we come from the same planet. It all felt very easy and natural," Walsh said.
A sneak-peek trailer was released in June 2012 for its preview.
Voice casting.
All the main "SpongeBob" cast members lent their voices to the episode. Series executive producer Paul Tibbitt also had a minor speaking role as the voice of Potty the Parrot. In addition to the regular cast, American actor John Goodman guest starred in the episode as the voice of Santa Claus.
Release.
The episode originally aired on CBS on November 23, 2012, and in the United Kingdom and Ireland on December 2, 2012. It aired December 6, 2012 on Nickelodeon in the United States, exactly twelve years after the original airing of the first "SpongeBob"Christmas special, "Christmas Who?", on December 21, 2012 in Southeast Asia, and on December 22, 2012 in Canada. The premiere of the episode on Nickelodeon was advertised as the world premiere, despite the previous airings. It was rated TV-PG on CBS and TV-Y7 on Nickelodeon.
Home media.
"It's a SpongeBob Christmas!" was released on a DVD compilation of the same name on October 30, 2012 in Canada and on November 6, 2012 in the United States. The DVD features exclusive content including behind-the-scenes making of the special and interviews with the cast and crew; a pre-color animatic and yule log. The initial announcement of the DVD release stated that it would contain three Christmas specials from "T.U.F.F. Puppy", "Fanboy and Chum Chum", and "The Fairly OddParents" as bonus features; however, these were dropped from the actual release.
A Blu-ray release was first announced, but was cancelled a week afterwards for unknown reasons; however, on July 22, 2013, Paramount Home Media Distribution announced that the Blu-ray will be released on October 15, 2013.
The episode was also released for digital download on October 31, 2012 featuring over 30 minutes of exclusive behind the scenes footage, a sing along version of "Don’t Be a Jerk (It's Christmas)," and more.
Reception.
Ratings.
In its original airing on CBS on November 23, the episode was viewed by an estimated 3.626 million households and received a 0.9 Nielsen rating and a 3% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49. On December 8, Saturday, the airing of the episode on Nickelodeon drew 4.8 million viewers making the special win its time period across all television and posted strong, double-digit gains over last year with Kids 2-11 (7.8/2.6 million, +30%), Kids 6-11 (7.7/1.5 million, +45%), Teens 9-14 (5.7/1.2 million, +84%) and Adults 18-49 (1.2/1.3 million, +33%). Nickelodeon closed the week as the most-watched net in total day with kids 2-11 (2.8/936,000) and total viewers (1.8 million). In the United Kingdom 273,000 viewers watched the episode and 78,000 viewers watched the timeshift broadcast. The broadcast in Canada received 835,000 viewers, the 23rd highest of the week on all Canadian television. In Spain the premiere on December 20, 2012 received 618,000 viewers making it the 44th highest broadcast for that day.
Critical reception.
The special received mostly positive reviews. In his review for the "Los Angeles Times", Robert Lloyd wrote, "I felt I'd been somewhere, watching this. When it ended, I was not ready to leave." David Hinckley of the "New York Daily News" wrote, "It’s enough to make you want to dream of a yellow Christmas." Zack Handlen of "The A.V. Club" called the episode "cute, and goofy and doesn’t have a mean bone in its body." Judge Dawn Hunt of DVD Verdict called the episode "a sweet holiday treat, punctuated by musical numbers that'll leave you smiling." He added "If you're looking for a new holiday viewing, 'It's a SpongeBob Christmas!' is definitely worthy of consideration." Paul Mavis of DVD Talk applauded the episode but has doubts if it will become the classic that will be watched every season.
In her review for the About.com, Nancy Basile's review was mixed to positive and gave the episode a score of 4/5. She wrote "though I disagree with a few of the animator's choices, this Christmas special is a treat." Basile criticized its characters especially the use of foam to create the characters and the way Santa Claus was depicted saying "he looks like a pig with liver spots."
Jessica Dawson of Common Sense Media gave the soundtrack album 3/5 stars and wrote "the fun and fresh Christmas songs actually capture the excitement and anticipation in a way that's a nice change from the traditional yuletide tunes we're all used to."
Merchandise.
A book based on the episode was released on September 10, 2013. The book was published by Random House.

</doc>
<doc id="36515116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515116" title="List of African dishes">
List of African dishes

This is a list of notable dishes found in African cuisine. African cuisine is a generalized term collectively referring to the cuisines of Africa. The continent of Africa is the second largest landmass on Earth, and is home to hundreds of different cultural and ethnic groups. This diversity is also reflected in the many local culinary traditions in terms of choice of ingredients, style of preparation and cooking techniques.

</doc>
<doc id="36515117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515117" title="El Paso BOTA Port of Entry">
El Paso BOTA Port of Entry

The El Paso BOTA Port of Entry, located at the Bridge Of The Americas (BOTA) is El Paso's highest volume border crossing, carrying more than half the vehicles (trucks and passenger cars) entering El Paso, Texas from Mexico. This is due in large part to the fact that BOTA is the only bridge in between Mexico and Texas that does not charge a toll. It is a "Class A" service port with a full range of cargo processing functions, and it is open for passenger vehicle traffic 24/7. It is open for commercial truck inspections 6:00 AM–6:00 PM Weekdays, 6:00 AM–2:00 PM Saturdays.
Construction on the BOTA crossing was completed in 1967 as part of the Chamizal Treaty between the US and Mexico signed in 1963 that involved a land exchange between the two countries. The El Paso property where the US border inspection station at BOTA is located was Mexican land prior to the execution of this treaty.

</doc>
<doc id="36515119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515119" title="Santa Fosca, Venice">
Santa Fosca, Venice

Santa Fosca is a church in the sestiere of Cannaregio of Venezia, Italy. Adjacent to the Strada Nova, it faces the campo of Santa Fosca. On this campo stands the monument to Paolo Sarpi. 
Documents attest to a church of this name dating to the 10th century. The present building dates to reconstructions beginning in the 18th century. The facade (1733-1741), designed by Domenico Rossi, was built with the patronage of the patrician Donà family. That family once occupied the adjacent Palazzo Giovanelli. The church now belongs to the parish of San Marcuola.
The interior has a "Trinity and the Virgin" by Filippo Bianchi; while the "Life of Santa Fosca" altarpieces were painted by Francesco Migliori. This church should be distinguished from the older small church of Santa Fosca, Torcello, attached to the Cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta.

</doc>
<doc id="36515207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515207" title="Battle of Izúcar">
Battle of Izúcar

The Battle of Izúcar or the Battle of Izúcar de Matamoros was a battle of the War of Mexican Independence that occurred on 23 February 1812 in the area around Izúcar de Matamoros, Puebla. The battle was fought between the royalist forces loyal to the Spanish crown and the Mexican rebels fighting for independence from the Spanish Empire.
The Mexican insurgents, who were commended by General Mariano Matamoros y Guridi managed to force the Spanish loyalist forces, commanded by the Brigadier General, Ciriaco del Llano to retreat. It was during this battle that a young Vicente Ramón Guerrero Saldaña, later the president of Meixco, first distinguished himself in battle.

</doc>
<doc id="36515234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515234" title="Marcela Lobo Crenier">
Marcela Lobo Crenier

Marcela Lobo Crenier (September 12, 1959-) is a Mexican artist from Mexico City whose work is distinguished by the depiction of everyday objects in strong, bright colors, often using color schemes associated with Mexico. She began her career in 1986 in Cancun doing etching, but moved to Mexico City and into painting by 1991. Most of her work is acrylics on canvas but she is also noted for her work with painting ceramics with Uriarte Talavera. She has also done painting on wood, created ceramics, collages and even shoe decoration and has been exhibited both individually and collectively in Mexico, Europe and the United States.
Life.
Marcela Lobo Crenier was born on September 12, 1959 in Mexico City. Her father is an architect and her mother is a chef whose family has French heritage. She became involved and making craft at the very young age, remembering her childhood filled with cut paper, glue, scissors and more making objects of bright colors. She considers her talent to be a family inheritance, with a sister, Adriana, who is also a painter. Their shared interest in art bonds them rather than creates rivalry.
She studied art and design at the Universidad Motolina in Mexico City, then took classes in photography and drawing the human figure at the Centro Cultural Arte Contemporaneo de México and studied painting at the workshop of Mercedes Escobar in Mexico City. Although she began her career in Cancun in etching, she continues to attend workshops and courses in various types of artistic expression such as ceramics and collage. However, she says that most of her training comes from the fact that she paints eight hours a day, every day, constantly learning through trial and error.
Career.
She began her career in 1986 by doing etching work, starting her own business in Cancun. However, at the time there was no art scene and most of the area’s development had not yet taken off. She had no teachers or others to help her develop and she sometimes networked through friends and family elsewhere to get enough work to survive.
In 1991, she moved back to her hometown of Mexico City. She took classes in painting and began her habit of painting eight hours a day, which continues to this day. However, she also worked at an etching workshop with notable masters of the craft such as José Luis Cuevas, Manuel Felguérez and Carmen Parra. In addition to creating her own work she has worked on collaborative projects in places such as the Centro Cultural Arte Contemporáneo, the workshop of Mercedes Escobar in Mexico City and the Alfartía Traditional workshop of Gorky González of Guanajuato. One notable collaborative relationship is with Uriarte Talavera, with her most recent work with them as a participant in the El Cinco de Mayo de 1862 exhibition, honoring the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Puebla.
Lobo has had numerous collective exhibitions and a number of individual ones, consisting of collections of paintings, especially acrylics on canvas but also paintings on wood, collages, ceramic pieces and even decorating shoes. Her first individual exhibit was at the Club Porto Bravo in Valle de Bravo in 1991 and since then has primarily shown her work in Mexico, Europe and the United States. Showings in Mexico include the Orbe Galerías de Arte in Cancun (1993 and 1997), Naturalezas Viva at the Casa de Diálogo of the Teatro de México (1995), II Bienial Internacional de Arte Contemporáneo in Mexico City (1998) El Color de México at the Secretaría de Desarrollo Social and the Galería Kin in Mexico City (1999), De Mil Colores at the gallery of the Mexico City airport (2001), 18 a Todo Color at Televisa Guadalajara (2003), El Color de lo Cotidiano at the Museo Dolores Olmedo (2003), Una Fiesta para los Sentidos at the Galería de Arte de Oaxaca (2004), Allá Lejos y Tiempo Atrás at Casa Lamm Mexico City (2006) International shows include la Coleur du Mexique at the Mexican embassy in Paris (1997), A Côr do México at the Palace of Independence in Lisbon (1998), La Antigua art Gallery in Antigua Guatemala (2002) the Mexican consulate in Chicago and the Defoor Center in Atlanta, and the Jadite Gallery in New York (2011).
She has also participated in numerous collective exhibitions. These include a 1999 exhibition called Bodegones at Galería Kin with her sister Adriana Lobo. Other collective exhibitions include various early shows in Quintana Roo such as the IV Exposición de Artes Plásticas, the Feria del Arte of the Colegio Americano, at the Centro Cultural de Arte Contemporaneo in various years and the Arte de Nuevo Milenio show at the Florida Museum of Hispanic and Latin American Art in 2000. An important individual showing was Significación at the Museo de Bellas Artes in Toluca in 2010, inaugurated by the then-governor of the state Enrique Peña Nieto. It includes images painted on columns, folding screens and wood, both painted and collage.
Her European showings have almost entirely been in France, with shows sold out in Paris and Lisbon, but her work has been sold to others on that continent and can be found in collections in various countries. She believes her colorful work is popular in Europe because it has a warmth which can be missing in cold climates.
Three catalogs of her work have been published, El color de lo cotidiano, from 2003 showing at the Dolores Olmedo Museum, Sitios, Espacio y Objetos in 2008 and Significaciones from her 2010 Toluca show.
In addition to her individual and collective shows, her career has included giving numerous classes in workshops such as thosededicated to engraving at the Ediciones Multiarte from 1989 to 1994, at Monumentos Conmemoratives from 1990 to 1992 and to the present at her own workshop. She has also worked as the personal secretary to a director of the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes and currently works as a special events coordinator for Museo Nacional de Arte.
Artistry.
Her professional art production began with etchings while still in Cancun, moving into her primary mode of painting in 1991 after moving to Mexico City. However, her work still includes etching and has expanded to include ceramics, photography, interior design, drawing the human figure, painting Talavera and serigraphy. Her preference is to work with acrylics as they allow her to trace outlines easily, dry rapidly, are odorless and do not pollute. She does not make preliminary sketches before painting, with the only preliminary work being the tracing of lines on the canvas to assure balance in the composition.
Her work mostly focuses on painting still lifes and objects in general, as she states that she does not really like the human figure. Her focus is on ordinary objects which she sees mostly at people’s houses, restaurants and other locations which her daily life takes her. She states that she prefers objects that people generally do not give a second thought to and give her enough in her memory to work eight hours a day. These objects include furniture, flower vases, fruit, flowers, bird cages, handcrafts, toys, toothbrushes, combs, perfume bottles, dishes and handbags. One example of painting from memory and experience was that after a trip to the Lacondon Jungle, tropical vegetation appeared in her work.
While the objects in her work are ordinary, her color scheme is distinguished by the used of bright strong colors, with an emphasis on those related to Mexico. She says she has been attracted to bright colors since she was a child and she prefers them now because of how they reflect light and the quality they give her images. She cites as influences Matisse, Cézanne, Van Gogh and María Izquierdo. She states that much of her work is her interpretation of theirs.
She describes her work as costumbrista and even naïve, in the sense that the forms are simple and uncomplicated, but with a poetic view of the world. Her work has also been described as a homage to the country’s handcraft and folk art tradition . Her work has been praised by notable figures in Mexico such as Jacobo Zabludovsky, Andrés Henestrosa, Magda Carranza and Ricardo Legorreta . Writer Jacobo Zabludovsky stated that her works are always cheerful, playing with color and light, never having lost her sense of childish wonder. She has stated that the purpose of her work is enjoyment, not to make anyone uncomfortable. One example of this was a small exhibit of her work at the cancer ward of the ABC Hospital in 2004, sponsored by a patient aid charity to bring color to that section of facility.

</doc>
<doc id="36515249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515249" title="PF-592,379">
PF-592,379

PF-592,379 is a drug developed by Pfizer which acts as a potent, selective and orally active agonist for the dopamine D3 receptor, which is under development as a potential medication for the treatment of female sexual dysfunction and male erectile dysfunction. Unlike some other less selective D3 agonists, PF-592,379 showed no evidence of abuse potential in animal studies, and so was selected for further development and potentially human clinical trials.

</doc>
<doc id="36515267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515267" title="Thomas H. Morrin">
Thomas H. Morrin

Thomas H. Morrin was an engineer and the director of engineering at SRI International from 1948 to 1963.
Career.
Morrin had an extensive naval career during World War II as a naval engineer, and later worked at the Office of Naval Research.
Morrin was recruited to SRI international in 1948, where he was the first member and head of their Engineering Group and recruited many prominent engineers, particularly from the Harvard Radio Research Laboratory; one of these was Jerre Noe, who would go on to lead SRI's Information Sciences and Engineering Division. He played a key role in bringing Electronic Recording Machine, Accounting (ERMA) to SRI, and had significant involvement in the ERMA project itself.
Morrin was later involved in the development of a large contract with the United States Army dedicated to continuous, broad technical support, the Combat Development Experimentation Center (CDEC). In Spring 1958, General Fred Gibb landed his helicopter in SRI's parking lot, met with SRI's president (then E. Finley Carter) and demanded that SRI submit a sole source bid to the existing CDEC in Fort Ord, California; SRI's $1 million bid was accepted and the contract ran for eight years, until September 1966.
He was also instrumental in bringing in work from Southern Pacific, including William K. MacCurdy's Hydra-Cushion and a grade crossing computer. Morrin left SRI in 1963.
Awards and honors.
In 1960, Morrin was named an IEEE Fellow. In 1999, he was named to SRI's Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="36515276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515276" title="Tsunoshima">
Tsunoshima

Geography.
Once separated from Honshu, Tsunoshima is now accessible via the long Tsunoshima Bridge, which was completed in the year 2000. At the time it was the longest toll free bridge in the country, though the completion of the Kouri Bridge in Okinawa prefecture pushed it into second place. On the north west of the island is the Tsunoshima Lighthouse, which has come to be the symbol of Tsunoshima. Before the war, Tsunoshima contained a military site of the former Imperial Japanese Army. To this day a part of this still remains.
The whale species "Balaenoptera omurai" (Omura's whale) was first identified here.
History.
Tsunoshima first appears in the written record in the Nara period (710 – 794). The name of the island appears on a mokkan wooden slip excavated at the site of the Heijō Palace in Nara. The mokkan is dated March 29, 746, and was attached to a tribute of seaweed to the imperial court. A reference to the island also appears in a poem in the sixteenth part of the Man'yōshū, the oldest existing collection of Japanese poetry, completed in 759. The "Engishiki", a Japanese book of laws and regulations compiled in 927, refers to a ranch on the island, which was then part of Nagato Province. Over time the island was developed for agriculture, as well as supporting a fishing village.
In the Edo period (1603 – 1868) the island became part of the Chōfu Domain, but was transferred to the Chōshū Domain 1718. After five years the island returned to the Chōfu Domain. The island was noted for the production of materials to make tatami matting, sesame seeds, and beef.
As a local administrative unit, under the 1889 municipal system Tsunoshima Village was a part of the Toyoura district, under a 1955 unification it became part of Hōhoku Town, and in 2005 as the four town which made up the Toyoura district (Hōhoku, Kikugawa, Toyoura and Toyota) merged with the city of Shimonoseki, Tsunoshima too, became a part of the city.
Sight-seeing Areas.
Tsunoshima is home to many Spider Lily flowers. Following the opening of Tsunoshima Bridge, the area has frequently been used as a location for films and television shows. The 2005 movie "Miracle in Four Days" (四日間の奇跡 "yokkakan no kiseki") was set across almost the entire island. In 2006, Tsunoshima became the location for a special episode of Fuji Television's popular drama, "Hero".
The island is also a popular are for camping and sport fishing.
Access.
From National Route 191 turn onto Yamaguchi Route 275 towards Shimado, then turn onto Yamaguchi Route 276, crossing the Tsunoshima Bridge.
Tsunoshima is serviced by a bus which is available from Kottoi Station and Takibe Station, both of which are located on the San'in Main Line.

</doc>
<doc id="36515333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515333" title="Son Hyun-joo">
Son Hyun-joo

Son Hyun-joo (born June 24, 1965) is a South Korean actor. Since 1991, he has starred in numerous television series and films, such as "First Love" (1996), "To Be With You" (2002), "My Rosy Life" (2005), "Tazza" (2008), "My Too Perfect Sons" (also known as "The Sons of Sol Pharmacy House", 2009), "Definitely Neighbors" (2010), "Secretly, Greatly" (2013), and "Empire of Gold" (2013).
Most notable in his filmography are two low-profile projects in which he played the leading role, both of which became unexpected hits: critically acclaimed revenge drama "The Chaser" (2012), and mystery thriller film "Hide and Seek" (2013).

</doc>
<doc id="36515399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515399" title="World Aircraft Company">
World Aircraft Company

World Aircraft Company is an American aircraft manufacturer of light-sport aircraft.
The company manufactures aircraft designed by South American engineer, Max Tedesco and intends to start production in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36515423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515423" title="Kim Long">
Kim Long

Kim Long may refer to the following Vietnamese places:

</doc>
<doc id="36515425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515425" title="Steelers–Titans rivalry">
Steelers–Titans rivalry

The Steelers–Titans rivalry dates back to the 1970s when the Steelers and Oilers played in the AFC Central. In 1979, Pittsburgh beat Houston. The Steelers and Oilers played each other twice a year. When the Oilers moved to Tennessee, Pittsburgh played Tennessee once a year.
Controversial Calls.
Mike Renfro Catch.
In the 1979 AFC Championship Game, Quarterback Dan Pastorini threw a pass to wide receiver Mike Renfro in the end zone. It was incomplete. It became a controversial call. The Steelers won and went to the Super Bowl.

</doc>
<doc id="36515430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515430" title="Crackout">
Crackout

There are several articles for the term: "Crackout".
Video Games:
Music:

</doc>
<doc id="36515466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515466" title="Lake Urru">
Lake Urru

Lake Urru (; ）is a plateau lake in Nagqu Prefecture, Tibet Autonomous Region, southwest of China, located between Nyima County and Xainza County. The lake, which is part of the Siling Lake drainage system, is fed by several rivers and drains eastward into Lake Jargö. It is 33.6 km long and 13.4 km wide and has an area of 342.7 square km.

</doc>
<doc id="36515468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515468" title="Rowing at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's single sculls">
Rowing at the 1928 Summer Olympics – Men's single sculls

The men's single sculls event was part of the rowing programme at the 1928 Summer Olympics. It was one of seven rowing events for men and was the seventh appearance of the event, which had been on the programme for every Games since rowing was added in 1900.
Results.
Source: Official results; De Wael
Round 1.
Winners advanced to the second round. Losers competed in the first repechage.
Repechage 1.
Winners advanced to the second round, but were ineligible for a second repechage if they lost there. Losers were eliminated.
Round 2.
Winners advanced to the third round. Losers competed in the second repechage, if they had advanced by winning in the first round, or were eliminated if they had advanced through the first repechage.
Repechage 2.
Winners advanced to the third round, while losers were eliminated.
Round 3.
The competition became single-elimination from this point, with losers being eliminated even if they had not previously had to advance through a repechage.
Semifinals.
Winners advanced to the gold medal final, with the losers competing for bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36515500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515500" title="Hòa Hưng">
Hòa Hưng

Hòa Hưng can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="36515516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515516" title="Keiller McCullough">
Keiller McCullough

Keiller McCullough (born 25 March 1905) was an Irish professional footballer who played as a right half and inside right for Belfast Celtic, Manchester City, and Northampton Town.

</doc>
<doc id="36515522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515522" title="RJR-2429">
RJR-2429

RJR-2429 is a drug that acts as an agonist at neural nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, binding to both the α3β4 and the α4β2 subtypes. RJR-2429 is stronger than nicotine but weaker than epibatidine in most assays, and with high affinity for both α3β4 and α4β2 subtypes, as well as the less studied α1βγδ subtype.

</doc>
<doc id="36515534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515534" title="Mahmud Pasha">
Mahmud Pasha

Mahmud Pasha or Mahmut Pasha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36515572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515572" title="Elisabeth of Brunswick">
Elisabeth of Brunswick

Elisabeth of Brunswick may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36515574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515574" title="You and Me (Uniting Nations song)">
You and Me (Uniting Nations song)

"You and Me" is the second single of the UK act Uniting Nations immediately following the big success of "Out of Touch", Uniting Nations' remake of a Hall and Oats hit. The single also appears in the Uniting Nations album "One World". The song fronted the newcoming member of the band Craig Powell. The studio vocals were those of studio session artist Jinian Wilde.
The live performance including appearance on the "Top of the Pops" was by Craig Powell. The single did relatively well, reaching #15 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video.
The music video was shot in a 9 to 5 office bureau setting, during a heatwave, while the sexy secretaries are drooling over a new "office boy" recruit (Powell) trying to seduce him.

</doc>
<doc id="36515598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515598" title="Lộc An">
Lộc An

Lộc An may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36515657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515657" title="Satchel's Pizza">
Satchel's Pizza

Satchel's Pizza is a restaurant in Gainesville, Florida. It was opened on March 7, 2003 by Satchel Raye.
Satchel's has become very well known in Gainesville, and can have wait times of over an hour on the weekends.
On February 28, 2012, the restaurant caught fire. It reopened on June 14 of the same year. During the downtime, Satchel Raye used Indiegogo to raise funds for its 47 employees. Nearly 700 people made contributions in a 16 day period, providing a total of $37,696 to the restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="36515676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515676" title="Lake Jargö">
Lake Jargö

Lake Jargö () or Qiagui Co (）is a plateau lake in Nagqu Prefecture, Tibet Autonomous Region, southwest of China, located between Nyima County and Xainza County. The lake, which is part of the Siling Lake drainage system, is primarily fed by a 1 km long river (from Lake Urru) and drains eastward into Siling Lake. It is 27.2 km long and 7.9 km wide and has an area of 88.5 square km.

</doc>
<doc id="36515677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515677" title="Shrine of Our Lady of Altötting">
Shrine of Our Lady of Altötting

The Shrine of Our Lady of Altötting, also known as the Chapel of Grace (), is the national shrine of Bavaria dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary. It is known for the many healings which are said to have taken place there, and is commonly called the Lourdes of Germany.
The octagonal chapel which houses the image of Our Lady dates to about A.D. 660, and is the oldest Marian shrine in Germany. The image of Mary venerated there is a Black Madonna of great antiquity (possibly about 1330), carved from lindenwood. The shrine became a popular pilgrim destination when it became known for the miraculous recovery in 1489 of a young boy who had been drowned, after his mother laid his body before the image and prayed to the Blessed Mother for a miracle.
Many of the votive offerings which have been given to the shrine over the centuries are displayed in the porch encircling the church. Also to be seen are the small, silver urns in which many members of the German nobility would have their hearts placed after their deaths to be brought here.
The shrine has been served by the Capuchin friars for centuries. One member of the Order, Brother Conrad of Parzham, O.F.M. Cap., (1818-1894) served there as porter for over 40 years. During his lifetime of service he developed a reputation for holiness and miraculous healings. He has been declared a saint by the Catholic Church.
The shrine was honored by a visit by Pope John Paul II in November 1980. He was accompanied by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, who was born in a nearby town. On 11 September 2006, Ratzinger, newly elected as Pope Benedict XVI, returned to the shrine and donated the episcopal ring he had worn while he was the Archbishop of Munich. The ring is now a part of the scepter held by the Blessed Virgin.

</doc>
<doc id="36515704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515704" title="BM Sagunto">
BM Sagunto

Club Balonmano Sagunto was a Spanish women's handball club from Sagunto founded in 1978 which in July, 2012 moved to Valencia and joint CE Handbol Marítim to play in División de Honor as Valencia Aicequip
History.
Mar Valencia was originally founded in 1963 as Sección Femenina's women's handball team in Valencia (Medina Valencia) before becoming an independent club in 1978 as Íber Valencia. In 1993 it again changed its official name, taking the aforementioned one. It was also known as El Osito L'Eliana and Milar L'Eliana in subsequent years for sponsorship reasons, having moved to L'Eliana.
Íber/Mar dominated the Spanish scene through the 1980s and 1990s, winning a record 20 national leagues in a row between 1979 and 1998 and 19 national cups between 1981 and 2000. In 1997 it became the first Spanish team to win the Champions League by beating Viborg HK in the final. The team also reached the Champions' final the following year, but lost it to Hypo Niederösterreich 
The following years marked the ending of the club's national hegemony but it still enjoyed success in national and internacional grounds. In 2000 Mar won the Cup Winners' Cup over Kuban Krasnodar, and in 2003 it reached its third Champions League final, lost to Krim Ljubljana.
In 2004 the club moved from L'Eliana to Sagunto and changed its name to Balonmano Sagunto, a.k.a. Astroc Sagunto (2004–07) and Parc Sagunto (2007–11) after its sponsors. In 2005 it won its final league to date and in 2006 it reached the Champions League's semifinals. While Sagunto still ranked among Division de Honor top three teams, its only major success in subsequent years was winning the 2008 Spanish Cup (Copa de la Reina)
Due to the lack of sponsorship, in July 2012 it moved back to Valencia to join emerging Valencian club CE Handball Marítim, which became its successor. Now team plays in Division de Honor as Valencia Aicequip 

</doc>
<doc id="36515723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515723" title="Moussa Camara (athlete)">
Moussa Camara (athlete)

Moussa Camara (born 12 February 1988) is a Malian athlete specializing in the 800 metres.
He competed for at the 2012 Summer Olympics failing to qualify for the semifinals. These were his first Olympics. During the time he trained in Kenya his own country experienced the 2012 Malian coup d'état, which has weighed on him.

</doc>
<doc id="36515748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515748" title="Bharat Jangam">
Bharat Jangam

Bharat Jangam, also known as Bharat Mani jangam (Nepali: भरत जङम, born 25 November 1947) is a novelist and freelance journalist from Nepal. He is best known for the book "Kalo Surya" (Nepali:कालॊ सूय॔). Bharat Jangam is a creator of "Science of Anticorruption" in the academic arena. His neo-science is based on modern problem of human which is at present in the process of testing and developing in Tribhuvan University, Kathmandu. He is also a Hindu activist.
Early life.
Bharat Jangam was born in 25 Nov 1947 in an historically and architecturally renowned city called in Bhaktapur of Kathmandu Valley, Nepal. He started his literary works since his childhood. At the age of 15, his poems were published in the local literary magazine for the first time and gradually stories, essays, articles etc. were published. He graduated from the Tribuvan University in 1970. After his studies, he himself exposed as a novelist and journalist in Nepalese society.
Career.
In 1979, he made a sensation in the country releasing his first novel "Kalo Surya" (Nepali: कालॊ सूय॔) ("The Black Sun"). Though the country was ruled by the corrupted people of the Partyless Panchayat System when writing against the system was a big crime, he fearlessly released his book which explains the exploitation and suppression from the so-called rulers of that system. This book gained popularity in a very short time among the Nepalese Readers and to make it acquainted with the foreign readers. It was translated into English Language in 1990 and came into the world market in the name of "The Black Sun". Later in 1992 it was translated into Russian and Chinese Language and 1993, it came out in the market in Hindi Language with the name "Kala Suraj" (Hindi: "काला सूरज"). Then it was again published in Bengali and Urdu languages from Bangladesh. It was then published in Assami and Kanada languages from India as well.
His next novel, "Byuha Chakra" (The Vicious Circle) was written in 1984. He has given a transparent view of the aristocratic rulers, nonpolitical system and has pointed out its weaknesses. This book is mainly based on the monstrous circles of all kinds of corruption caused by the ruthless rulers of the partyless Panchayat System that crumbled during recent Democratic Uprising in 1990. The novel became very popular in the country and was later translated into English and Hindi Languages in India.
In 1988, he was an Editor and Publisher of the weekly newspaper "Nepal Awaz" (Nepali:नॆपाल आवाज) for 3 years from 1988 and made great contribution in the development and stability of the democracy in the country through journalism. He was also a regular columnist on political situation in Nepal and later it was consolidate in a book and was released in the name of 'Pachas Prasang' in 1992.
In 1993, he released another novel "Rato Gham" (Nepali: रातॊ घाम) (The Red Sun), a unique novel, whose story surrounds in the socio-economic problems in Greater China after 1949's great revolution and after the implementation of Mao-Tse-Tungs's neo-proletarian thoughts. It also focuses on the pitiable condition of the Tibetan people after the invasion of the Tibet and exposes the Human Rights Violation. In this book, Mr. Jangam has indirectly called for the liberation of 1.5 billion people of China who has been suppressed by the Communist Regime. He has given his views that any decision that is made by human mind is not, and cannot be, final. Human being keeps willing to change at every pace. Being a Nepali by origin, he has succeeded to narrate the ins and outs of then present China. After receiving commendation and popularity from all circles of intellectuals, it was translated into English and Hindi Language in the same year in India. In the same year (1993) he published "Nepali Congress Ko Samanya Gyan" (A book of general knowledge of Nepali Congress Party). In 1996 he started Anti-corruption movement. In 1999 he started Interaction program in collages and University to develop a new subject 'Science of Anti-corruption'. He published "bhrastachar: Baicharik Andolan" in 2004.
Books and publications.
This first and the most famous novel "Kalo Surya" (Nepali: कालॊ सूय॔) is translated into English, Hindi, Urdu, Chinese, Russian, Japanese, Assami, Maithali, Kanada and Newari languages. He has written several other books in Nepali language of which some are translated into other foreign languages. "Rato Gham" (Nepali: रातॊ घाम) and "Biuha Chakra" (Nepali: व्य़ूह चॠ)are translated into English and Hindi languages.
Translated version of the books.
"Kalo Surya".
"Kalo Surya" originally in Nepali has been translated into several languages:
"The Black sun" in English by Saroj Kumar Sakya
"Kala Suraj" in Hindi by Dr. Ram Dayal Rakesh
"Hai Thayang" in Chinese by Zhou and lee
"Chorne Suns" in Russian by Alekhgendar Pablov
"Kuraji Taiyo" in Japanese by Kaji Hito Sahegi
"Kalo Surya" in Bengali by Sehabuddin Ahamad
"Kala Suraj" in UrduUrdu by S.A. Sidhiqi
"Kala Khurj" in Assamese by Geeta Upadhyaya
"Kari Suraj" in Maithali by Dr. Ram Dayal Rakesh
"Hakumha Suryadyo" in Newari by Druba Madhkarmi
"Kappu Surya" in Kannada by Prof. Nagrajan
"Rato Gham".
"Rato Gham" originally in Nepali has been translated into two languages:
"The Red Sun" in English by Saroj Kumar Sakya
"Lal Suraj" in Hindi by Dr. Ram Dayal Rakesh
"Biuha Chakra".
"Biuha Chakra" originally in Nepali has been translated into two languages:
"The Vicious Circle" in English by Saroj Kumar Sakya
"Chakra Byuha" in Hindi by Hari Pandya
Anticorruption activist.
In 1996, Bharat Jangam started interaction program in colleges and university to develop a new subject 'Science of Anti-corruption'. A notion "Science of Anticorruption" is an invaluable gift to the Academic-World. He has published hundreds of articles and presented dozens of papers in various seminars and meetings on anti-corruption. He is also a founder and president of the 'Forum for Independent Thinking'. The Forum has launched many activities against corruption and turmoil in Nepalese society.
In 25 Dec 2011, he started the national Campaign against Corruption in the 75 districts in Nepal.
Bharat Jangam filed the writ in Supreme Court to stop constituent Assembly term extension in Nepal.
Advocate Bharat Jangam also filed a writ petition on supreme court demanding annulment of the government decision to provide lifelong state facilities to former Prime Ministers, Chief Justices, Home Ministers and Speakers.
The Supreme Court issued an interim order asking the government not to implement the ordinance introduced to provide lifelong state facilities to the former VVIPs.
Anticorruption talk programme by Bharat Jangam was held on 9 August in Kathmandu organized by FAAN (Full Bright Alumni Association).
Pashupatinath Temple.
Bharat Mani Jangam is also dubbed ""Pashupatinath Temple"'s lawyer" for frequently challenging the state's ill-considered moves to interfere in the running of the 7th-century temple. He filed a PIL in the Supreme Court, pleading to strike down the decision taken by the caretaker government to open the main treasury of the fifth-century shrine. He argued that the caretaker government has no right to open the more than 2000-year-old treasury of the Hindu shrine. In 2008–2009, he stayed against Nepal maoist government's decision to sack the Indian priest at the Pashupati temple. Appointing Indian priests is the centuries-old tradition. The unprecedented opposition forced the then prime minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal prachanda to rollback the decision after five days.
He filed another petition against Christian cemetery in Pashupatinath. He said non-Hindus should not be allowed to encroach on Hindu land. The forest is considered sacred by Hindus and is used by them to make offerings to their ancestors. If the Christians want a burial land, they should go to the government, not encroach on the land of a Hindu shrine that is also a Unesco-declared World Heritage site.
Doleshwor Mahadev.
Bharat Jangam had been claiming and researching that Doleshwar Mahadev is the head part of Shri Kedarnath ji for years. On 22 August 2009 the chief priest of Shri Kedarnath ji temple 'Kedarnath Swarup Bhimashankar Langa Shankarcharya' unveiled the plaque claiming that Doleswore mahadev, located in Jangam math Bhaktapur, is the head part of Shri Kedarnath. This is also mentioned in the Sheela Lekh at the Doleshwar Mahadev.

</doc>
<doc id="36515759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515759" title="Rahmatou Dramé">
Rahmatou Dramé

Rahamatou Dramé (born 1 April 1985) is an athlete set to compete for Mali at the 2012 Summer Olympics in Women's 100m Hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36515770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515770" title="Mizoram College of Nursing">
Mizoram College of Nursing

Nursing College of Mizoram is a nursing college run by Civil Hospital of under Health & Family Welfare Department, Mizoram.
Campus.
Mizoram Nursing College Campus is being constructed at Falkawn with classroom facilities for which foundation stone was laid on January 24, 2011.
History.
Mizoram School of Nursing has been started since 1980 with a capacity of 20 intake students for General Nursing & Midwifery course. About 500 students have passed out from this institution. The institution was upgraded to College of Nursing on 11 October 2005 to conduct Bachelor of Science in Nursing 4 years course.
Affiliation.
The institution has gained the approval from Indian Nursing Council (INC), Delhi and Mizoram Nursing Council (MNC), Aizawl. Mizoram Nursing College is affiliated to Mizoram University.
Facilities.
Mizoram College of Nursing has the following facilities like Library, Computer Lab, Nursing Lab, Class room, Hostel, Mental Health experience at LGBRIMH, Tezpur, Spoken Hindi Class and English Voice enhancement Skills:
Course.
At present the college offers Bsc Nursing course.

</doc>
<doc id="36515810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515810" title="Fatoumata Samassékou">
Fatoumata Samassékou

Fatoumata Samassékou (born 31 December 1987) is a swimmer set to compete for Mali at the 2012 Summer Olympics in Women's 50m Freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="36515870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515870" title="Mamadou Soumaré">
Mamadou Soumaré

Mamadou A. Soumaré (born 1 January 1992) is a swimmer who competed for Mali at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 100m freestyle event. He finished first in Heat 1 against swimmers from Maldives, Tanzania, and Burundi; and placed, overall, 52nd with his time of 57.32 seconds. However, he did not advance to the next round.

</doc>
<doc id="36515904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515904" title="Beto Navarro">
Beto Navarro

Alberto "Beto" Navarro (born March 25, 1989) is an American association football player who currently plays for Atlanta Silverbacks in the North American Soccer League. 

</doc>
<doc id="36515906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515906" title="Long Mỹ, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu">
Long Mỹ, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu


</doc>
<doc id="36515941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515941" title="Oumar Koné">
Oumar Koné

Oumar Koné (born 11 February 1985) is a Malian judoka. He competed for Mali at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 100 kg event but lost to Luciano Corrêa in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="36515950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515950" title="Battle of Zitlala">
Battle of Zitlala

The Battle of Zitlala was a battle of the War of Mexican Independence that occurred on 4 July, 1812 on the outskirts of Zitlala, Guerrero. The battle was fought between the royalist forces loyal to the Spanish crown, and the Mexican rebels fighting for independence from the Spanish Empire. The battle resulted in a victory for the Mexican rebels.
Context.
When José María Morelos was advancing on the capital of Oaxaca, he routed a Spanish loyalist force at Zitlala, Guerrero. After his escape from the 72 day siege at Cuautla, Morelos joined his army together with 800 men under the command of Hermenegildo Galeana and Miguel Bravo at Chiautla. He then moved to march against the loyalist commander General José María Añorve de Salas at Chilapa de Álvarez followed by General Cerro at Tixtla de Guerrero. The regional Mexican commander, Juan Francisco París, did not move to further defend these towns as his army was occupied defending Ayutla de los Libres.
Gerenal Cerro, knowing that :es:Máximo BravoMáximo Bravo was marching with soldiers from Chilpancingo de los Bravo, decided to attack him at Tixtla de Guerrero and informed Añorve de Salas of his plans to that end. As Bravo marched towards Chilpancingo, he received news that Morelos was in the area around the Tlacesoutitlan River and that royalist forces under the command of Julián Ayala Larrazábal were marching towards Petaquillas.
The Battle.
After being informed of these developments, Añorve de Salas ordered Cerro to join his forces, however, a party of 50 men who apparently did not receive the orders or who had not yet begun their maneuvers to join the main Spanish force, were in the town of Zitlala when an insurgent force under the command of Hermenegildo Galeana arrived and gave battle. The insurgents advanced on the town in two sections and eventually were successful in obliging the loyalist forces, who were on horseback, to retreat. The retreating Spanish forces left behind weapons and prisoners which were then taken to Zacatula.

</doc>
<doc id="36515989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36515989" title="Anfiyanggū">
Anfiyanggū

Anfiyanggū (), (1559 – 7 August 1622), was a Manchu official and one of the earliest companions of Nurhaci.
Background.
His biographers state that he belonged to the Giolca (覺爾齊), clan and that his father Wambulu (完布祿), remained loyal to Nurhaci despite efforts of the Janggiya (竟嘉) and Nimala (尼瑪蘭) people to tempt him to rebel. Behind this statement lies a bitter dissention in Nurhaci's own clan which the official Qing historians tried to conceal. There is no clan named Giolca among the 641 listed in the Genealogy of the Manchu Clans, (八旗滿洲氏族通譜 Baqi Manzhou shizu tungbu, 80 + 2 jüan, completed early in 1745). Giolca was the place in which Nurhaci's grand-uncle, Desikū 德世庫, had settled, and it seems probable that Anfiyanggū was one of Desikū's descendants. Janggiya and Nimala were similarly the homes of two other of Nurhaci's grand-uncles whose descendants were hostile to Nurhaci's plans for conquest.
Military Service.
Anfiyanggū joined Nurhaci in all the expeditions by which between 1583 and 1593 he subdued the smaller tribes round him and crushed his hostile relatives at Janggiya and Nimala. During a battle with Hada forces in 1593 Anfiyanggū saved Nurhaci's life, for which the title Šongkoro Baturu, (eagle-like conquering hero), was conferred upon him. Attached to the Bordered Blue Banner, he took part in all of the larger campaigns of the next twenty years, and in 1616 with Nurhaci's proclamation of the Jin Dynasty, he was appointed as one of Nurhaci's five chief councilors in the newly organized administration, the other four being Eidu, Hūrhan, Fiongdon, and Hohori. He died one year after he had assisted in the capture of Shenyang and Liaoyang. In 1659 the posthumous name, Minzhuang (敏狀), was conferred upon him and a tablet was erected in memory of his services to the founding of the dynasty.
Legacy.
Anfiyanggū, and his descendants held the hereditary captaincy of four companies in the first division of the Bordered Blue Banner. In memory of Anfiyanggū's exploits, the minor hereditary rank of Qingche Duwei was conferred on one of his sons (1650) and on a great-grandson (1713). Another son was killed in battle and was rewarded posthumously with the hereditary Qingche Duwei. A grandson, named Sunta (孫塔) (?-1666), was onetime president of the Board of Works (1656–60) and in 1664 was made a first class baron.

</doc>
<doc id="36516011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516011" title="Long Tân">
Long Tân

Long Tân may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36516045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516045" title="Aizawl West College">
Aizawl West College

Aizawl West College is an educational institution located in Dawrpui Vengthar, Aizawl, Mizoram. It is currently affiliated with Mizoram University.
History.
Aizawl West College was founded on 2 May 1990 with 7 teachers and 150 students with the primary objective of imparting college education in the evening hours for deserving students especially to the students who could not afford education in day college. When the government upgraded Aizawl College to the status of government aided college in 1989, it became a day college and hence the need of another evening college. While there were colleges in the eastern, southern and northern part of Aizawl city, there was not a single college in the western part of Aizawl. Thus considering the need of those students for pursuing their higher education, a new college was opened in the western part with land donated by the residents of the locality of Dawrpui Vengthar, Aizawl.
The college was first affiliated to the North-Eastern Hill University (NEHU) for pre-university (arts) on 9 March 1992, and degree (arts) on 9 June 1994. When Mizoram University was established on 2 July 2002 the affiliation was transferred to the new university.
Facilities.
The College currently has 700 students and 38 Teachers.

</doc>
<doc id="36516078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516078" title="Prasiddha Jung Shah">
Prasiddha Jung Shah

Prasiddha Jung Shah (born 3 June 1989) is a Nepalese swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is set to compete in Men's 50m Freestyle for Nepal at the 2012 Summer Olympics and be their flag-bearer.
Prasiddha Jung Shah is representing Nepal at the 2012 London Summer Olympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36516174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516174" title="Eusebius (consul 347)">
Eusebius (consul 347)

Flavius Eusebius (died c. AD 350) was a Roman military officer and politician, and is usually identified as the posthumous father-in-law of the Roman emperor Constantius II.
Biography.
Born in the city of Thessalonica, and of Macedonian descent, prior to AD 347 Eusebius was the "Magister equitum et peditum" in the east, probably under the emperor Constantius II. During his time as military commander, he intervened in Armenia, possibly to suppress the revolt of Bacour.
After he had retired from this post, he held the rank of Comes and was made "consul posterior" alongside Vulcacius Rufinus in AD 347.
Probably a Christian, Eusebius had at least three children, Flavius Eusebius, Flavius Hypatius, both of whom held the consulship together in AD 359, and Eusebia, who married Emperor Constantius II after her father had died.

</doc>
<doc id="36516204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516204" title="Bibliography of Kiss">
Bibliography of Kiss

This is a bibliography of the American rock group Kiss. Throughout their career they released numerous books and printed works celebrating their career of around four decades. Apart from the official Kiss books, there have been countless unofficial biographies and pictorials. Listed are all official printed works from the Kiss catalogue and the official biographies and autobiographies of various members of the group.
Official.
Kiss: The Real Story.
by Peggy Tomarkin <br>
"The Real Story" was the first official Kiss biography first published in April 1980 and was reprinted in 1981 by the Dutch Kiss fan club in a limited format. It is 112 pages.
Kisstory.
"Kisstory" was heralded as “the Kiss bible” and covers the band's history up until the mid-1990‘s. The first edition was published in March 1995 and was reprinted a year later for the original line-up reunion. It is a hardcover book with 440 pages, cased in a cardboard hardcover slipcase.
Kisstory II: Toys, Games and Girls.
by Susan McEowen (Designer), Kisstory Limited Staff<br>
"KISStory II" was published in March 2000 and follows on from where the previous book left off and details the original line-up’s reunion and subsequent tour’s and the bands Psycho Circus album. It also gives a semi-detailed history and guide to Kiss merchandise. Like the first "KISStory" book it is a hardcover book, housed in a hardcover slipcase and is 435 pages.
Kiss: The Early Years.
by Gene Simmons, Paul Stanley, Waring Abbott<br>
"Kiss: The Early Years" is an official pictorial book consisting of previously unseen photos from Kiss’ early period during the early 1970s up until the "Alive!" album, with photos exclusively taken by the groups original photographer, Barry Levine. It was published in paperback in November 2002 and is 207 pages.
Behind the Mask: The Official Authorized Biography.
by Ken Sharp and David Leaf<br>
The first full-length Kiss biography to be authorized by the band and includes interviews with members past and present, as well as archive material and previously unseen photographs. The first edition was published in November 2003 and is 576 pages.
Kiss Army Worldwide!: The Ultimate Fanzine Phenomenon.
compiled by Ken Sharp, Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley
"Kiss Army Worldwide!" is a collection of Kiss fanzines printed and published by Kiss Army chapters from all over the world. It was published on October 1, 2009 and is 240 pages.
Kiss Kompendium.
by Gene Simmons & Paul Stanley
The "Kiss Kompendium" is a hardcover collection of Kiss comics. It compiles both issues of the Marvel Comics Super Special, the Marvel "Kissnation" comic, the comic printed especially for 1995 book, "KISStory", along with the "Psycho Circus" and Dark Horse comic series’. The book also features exclusive Kiss photos taken backstage at the bands then current concert tour in support of their "Sonic Boom" album. As well as commentary by band members, Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley. It was published in December 2009 and is 1280 pages.
Monster.
by "Various"
"Monster" is a pictorial book measuring 3 x 2.5 feet and has a choice of ten countries flags for the cover, as well as, a Kiss “Monster” logo edition and a Kiss Army logo edition. Every issue is signed by each current band members, Gene Simmons, Paul Stanley, Tommy Thayer, and Eric Singer and is limited to 1000 copies. It was published July 3, 2012 for First Light Publishing and costs an estimated US$4,200 to purchase.

</doc>
<doc id="36516271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516271" title="David Agard">
David Agard

David A. Agard Ph.D. is a Professor of Biochemistry and Biophysics at the University of California, San Francisco. He earned his B.S. in Molecular Biochemistry and Biophysics from Yale University and his Ph.D. in biological chemistry from California Institute of Technology. His research is focused on understanding the basic principles of macromolecular structure and function. He is a Scientific Director of the Institute for Bioengineering, Biotechnology, and Quantitative Biomedical Research and has been a Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) investigator since 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36516365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516365" title="Paulo Ferreira-Mendes">
Paulo Ferreira-Mendes

Paulo Ferreira-Mendes (born May 13, 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="36516387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516387" title="Kericho High School">
Kericho High School

Kericho high school is a secondary school that is located at Kericho in Kenya. It started with a population of 11 boys and it was built in 15 June 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="36516447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516447" title="WZUS">
WZUS

WZUS 100.9 FM is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format. Licensed to Macon, Illinois, USA, the station serves the Decatur Area, and is currently owned by The Cromwell Group, Inc. of Illinois. WZUS was originally licensed to Pana, Illinois.
WZUS carries a variety of local programming, as well as nationally syndicated shows such as Glenn Beck, Dave Ramsey, Jason Lewis, and Rusty Humphries.

</doc>
<doc id="36516453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516453" title="Tso Ngön">
Tso Ngön

Tso Ngön (; ）is a plateau lake in Xainza County, Tibet Autonomous Region, southwest of China. The lake is part of the Siling Lake drainage system. The shoreline is deeply indented by bays, and the lake is dotted by many islands. It is 28.5 km long and 16.7 km wide and has an area of 269 square km.

</doc>
<doc id="36516519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516519" title="Natalie Ahn">
Natalie Ahn

Natalie G. Ahn Ph.D. is a Professor of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the University of Colorado at Boulder. She earned her B.S. in chemistry from University of Washington, Seattle and her Ph.D. in chemistry from the University of California, Berkeley. Her research is focused understanding the mechanisms of cell signaling. She has been a professor at University of Colorado at Boulder since 2003 and has been a Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) investigator since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36516540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516540" title="Maoping Township, Jiangxi">
Maoping Township, Jiangxi

Maoping () is a township in the Jinggang Mountains and administratively part of Jinggangshan City, in southwestern Jiangxi province, China. It is noted as the location of the headquarters of the 4th Division of the Chinese Red Army and the base of operations of Yuan Wencai. The township is served by China National Highway 319. , it has 6 villages under its administration.

</doc>
<doc id="36516547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516547" title="Ninne Istapaddanu">
Ninne Istapaddanu

Ninne Istapaddanu () is a 2003 Telugu film directed by Konda and produced by KL Narayana under Sri Durga Arts. The film stars Tarun, 
Sridevi and Anitha
in the lead roles.
Music.
The music of the film was composed by R. P. Patnaik

</doc>
<doc id="36516581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516581" title="Jimmy Cozier (jazz musician)">
Jimmy Cozier (jazz musician)

Jimmy Cozier (born 1954, Brooklyn, New York), is a New York City-based jazz musician. He is a multi-reed instrumentalist, playing saxophones, flutes, and clarinets. He is the father of R&B singer Jimmy Cozier.
He has performed and toured with Panama Francis, Sam Rivers, Reggie Workman, Mongo Santamaria and Abdullah Ibrahim. He also played lead alto sax with the big bands of Cab Calloway, Frank Foster, Charlie Persip, Jaki Byard and Chico O'Farrill.
Background.
Cozier studied saxophone with Bill Barron (musician), George Coleman and William "Buddy" Pearson and clarinet with Charles Russo of the New York City Opera. Cozier is the author of the "The Jazz Improviser’s Woodshed" Volumes 1-3 and is a member of the faculty of the Jazz at Lincoln Center Middle School Jazz Academy. Cozier also leads ensemble workshops, where he teaches jazz improvisation. He is a recipient of the National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship Grant.

</doc>
<doc id="36516594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516594" title="Hush 'N' Thunder">
Hush 'N' Thunder

"Hush 'N' Thunder" is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1972 and released on the Atlantic label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with the review by Thom Jurek stating, "This album showcases Dr. Lateef heading for new musical frontiers as an interpreter and arranger and a deeply lyrical series of meditations on rhythm and melody".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Yusef Lateef except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36516619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516619" title="James P. Allison">
James P. Allison

James P. Allison is an immunologist who currently holds the position of Professor and Chair of Immunology and Director of Immunotherapy Platform at the M. D. Anderson Cancer Center. He is also the director of the Cancer Research Institute (CRI) Scientific Advisory Council. Dr. Allison has a longstanding interest in mechanisms of T-cell development and activation, the development of novel strategies for tumor immunotherapy and is recognized as the first person to isolate the T-cell antigen receptor complex protein. His research in the 1990s at the University of California, Berkeley, led to the clinical development of ipilimumab (Yervoy™), which was approved in 2011 by the FDA for the treatment of metastatic melanoma. Previously, he was director of the Ludwig Center for Cancer Immunotherapy and the chair of the immunology program at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, as well as the David H. Koch Chair in Immunologic Studies and attending immunologist at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. Dr. Allison is a Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) Investigator and a member of the National Academy of Sciences and the Institute of Medicine, and is a fellow of the American Academy of Microbiology and the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Previously, he served as president of the American Association of Immunologists. He has received numerous awards, including the Centeon Award for Innovative Breakthroughs in Immunology, the William B. Coley Award for Distinguished Research in Basic and Tumor Immunology, the AAI-Dana Award in Human Immunology Research and the C. Chester Stock Award for Distinguished Achievement in Biomedical Research. Dr. Allison recently received an AACR/SU2C/CRI cancer immunotherapy dream team grant, for which he will serve as the Dream Team leader. In December 2013 he was awarded the $3 million Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences for his work. In February 2014, James Allison was announced the winner of the 9th Annual Szent-Györgyi Prize for Progress in Cancer Research by the National Foundation for Cancer Research. Dr. Allison’s pioneering cancer research in the area of immunotherapy led to the successful development of “immune checkpoint therapy,” and the first FDA-approved drug for the treatment of metastatic melanoma. 
Dr. Allison earned his B.S. in Microbiology in 1969 and his Ph.D. in Biological Science in 1973 from the University of Texas, Austin, where he was a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon Fraternity, . He was appointed a professor of immunology and director of the Cancer Research Laboratory at UC Berkeley in 1985. In 2004, he moved to the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York, which he left for the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in 2012. Since 2012 he has been chair of immunology at M.D. Anderson. 
Research interests.
Allison's general area of interest for research is in molecular immunology of the T cell antigen receptor complex, co-stimulatory receptors, and other molecules involved in T cell activation. He is particularly interested in finding signals that lead to differentiation of naive T cells and also those that determine whether antigen receptor engagement will lead to functional activation or inactivation of T cells. Once defined, the basic studies are used to develop new strategies for the treatment of autoimmune diseases and immunotherapy of cancer. Most recently he has been interested in understanding the immune responses in cancer patients who respond to immunotherapy. He established the Immunotherapy Platform at MDAnderson Cancer Center to study immune responses in cancer patients. 

</doc>
<doc id="36516639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516639" title="San Diego Film Festival">
San Diego Film Festival

The San Diego Film Festival is a five-day independent film festival that takes place annually in San Diego, California and is produced by the non-profit San Diego Film Foundation. Held in October in San Diego’s Gaslamp Quarter and La Jolla, the festival is a showcase for US and international independent filmmakers. The festival features competitive juried categories including narrative feature films, short films and documentary films and Native American. Additional categories include: sports, music, family friendly, animation and horror genres.
The Festival features panel discussions with leaders in the entertainment industry including companies ASCAP, Indiegogo, Rogue Arts, FilmEngine, GoDigital, PivotShare, Princebury Media, New School Media and Legend3D.
Notability at Festival.
2014 "Jeffrey Lyons," is host of the 2014 San Diego Film Festival.
2013 acclaimed film critic "Jeffrey Lyons," is added as festival host and the honorary jury chairman. 
2013 Visionary Filmmaker Award honoree Judd Apatow. Emerging Producer Award honoree Justin Nappi ("Arbitrage" and "All Is Lost"). Humanitarian Award honoree Mariel Hemingway for her film "Running from Crazy". 
2012 marked the first-ever film festival tribute and retrospective of award-winning director Gus Van Sant's work. Films in the retrospective included: "Good Will Hunting," "Milk," "To Die For", and "My Own Private Idaho". Erik Wahl made an art to pay tribute to the director.
Under the Festival's new leadership and capital more talent and a more prominent slate of films were added including the Weinstein Company's "Silver Linings Playbook" (starring Bradley Cooper and Robert De Niro) and "The Sapphires". Also on the film slate were "Quartet" (Dustin Hoffman's directorial debut starring Maggie Smith), "Seven Psychopaths" (directed by Martin McDonagh and starring Colin Farrell, Sam Rockwell, Woody Harrelson and Christopher Walken), "Grassroots" (directed by Stephen Gyllenhaal), and "The Oranges" (featuring Hugh Laurie, Leighton Meester and Allison Janney).
Award-winning world premieres at the 2012 festival included "The Story of Luke" and "Red Line".
Changes in 2012 included a new "Native American Voices" category focused on Native American films and filmmakers. The program launched with the feature film "Shouting Secrets" and documentary film "Thick Dark Fog". A Native American Voices filmmaker panel included actors "Saginaw Grant" and Ruben Chato.
The festival was founded in 2001 by Robin Laatz (event planner) and Karl Kozak (indie filmmaker). The husband and wife team wanted to create a well-regarded multi-cultural film event in San Diego, that included all genres. This inclusive philosophy has helped the San Diego Film Festival attract more than 10,000 submissions, screen 900 films and entertain thousands of festival goers over its first 10 years.
Awards.
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009

</doc>
<doc id="36516713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516713" title="Battle of Tenango del Valle">
Battle of Tenango del Valle

The Battle of Tenango del Valle was a battle of the War of Mexican Independence that occurred in May of 1812 on the outskirts of Tenango del Valle, State of Mexico. The battle was fought between the royalist forces loyal to the Spanish crown, and the Mexican rebels fighting for independence from the Spanish Empire. 
The forces of the Mexican insurgents under the command of Ignacio López Rayón were able to successfully rout the forces loyal to the Spanish crown.

</doc>
<doc id="36516801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516801" title="RoboSub">
RoboSub

Launched in 1997 and co-sponsored by the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International (AUVSI) Foundation and the Office of Naval Research (ONR), the goal of RoboSub is to advance the development of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) by challenging a new generation of engineers to perform realistic missions in an underwater environment. This event also serves to foster ties between young engineers and the organizations developing AUV technologies. The competition is open to high school and college teams from around the world. Since about 2002, it has been held each summer at the U.S. Navy Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific's TRANSDEC Anechoic pool in San Diego, CA.
Detailed Competition History.
2012 "Ides of TRANSDEC".
Mission.
Per the Final Rules and Mission, "The fundamental goal of the mission is for an AUV to demonstrate its autonomy by completing an underwater Ides of TRANSDEC mission. The vehicle will be able to commence in training (dock/release buoys), pass over an obstacle course (PVC pipe to pass over), enter the gladiator ring (drop markers), Et tu Brute? (shoot torpedoes through a cutout), feed grapes to the emperor (manipulate a cylinder), and finally collect the Laurel wreath and crown the emperor (find a pinger, grab an object and move/release the object)."
2009.
Best New Team: St. Georges ($1000)
Most with the Least: Florida Atlantic University ($500)
Best technical paper: Kyushu ($500)
TSA Award: Embry Riddle ($500) (vehicle was significantly damaged in shipping by the TSA)

</doc>
<doc id="36516822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516822" title="Tania A. Baker">
Tania A. Baker

Tania A. Baker Ph.D. is a Professor of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the head of the Department of Biology. She earned her B.S. in Biochemistry from University of Wisconsin–Madison and her Ph.D. in Biochemistry from Stanford University under the guidance of Arthur Kornberg. She joined the MIT faculty in 1992 and her research is focused on the mechanisms and regulation of DNA transposition and protein chaperones. She is a member of the National Academy of Science, fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and has been a Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) investigator since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36516838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516838" title="Lara Harris">
Lara Harris

Lara Harris (born in Chicago) is an American model and actress.
Harris studied French in Paris and began her career there as a model. She was the face of Armani fragrance "Gio", appearing in their TV commercial directed by David Lynch, and also of "Ultima II" for Revlon, Banana Republic, and Oil of Olay.
Harris returned to the United States to continue her studies at The New School, New York, but soon changed from literature to acting. She was featured in national advertisements, including Herb Ritts' commercial "Pasha" for Cartier in 1994.
Harris is known for film appearances in "No Man's Land", "The Fourth War", "The Fisher King", "Singles", "Demolition Man" and "All Tied Up". She has also started directing, writing and producing films, and won "Best Short Film" at the Aspen Comedy Festival for her first film, "9 1/2 Minutes".
Harris continued her studies with a graduate course in psychology and is a psychotherapist in addition to acting and modeling.

</doc>
<doc id="36516927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516927" title="Kingdom Breweries">
Kingdom Breweries

Kingdom Breweries is Cambodia's craft beer brewery, located in Phnom Penh, Cambodia founded by Leopard Capital. The brewery sits alongside the banks of the Tonlé Sap river on the north end of Cambodia's capital, and is housed in a renovated factory formerly occupied by Nestlé. The company is co-owned by Leopard Cambodia Fund, Cambodia's first private equity fund operated by frontier markets private equity firm Leopard Capital, and Charles Street International.
Kingdom launched its first beer, Clouded Leopard Pilsener in September 2010, which was awarded a Belgian Monde Selection Gold Quality Award in 2011. However, Monde Selection awards are non-competitive and only products that pay to enter are judged.
Products.
Currently, Kingdom offers three types of beer: Clouded Leopard Pilsener, Kouprey Dark Lager, and Kingdom Gold Lager.
Brewing Process.
Brewing.
The brewery operates with a 35 HL 5 vessel brewhouse including mash tun, control board, lauter tun, water tanks, kettle and whirlpool. At full capacity, Kingdom carries out 156 brews per month with a capacity of 3,500 L per brew.
Fermentation.
The beer is brewed in accordance with the German purity laws. Thus, the only ingredients are water, yeast, hops and malt. The total time for fermenting and brewing is 4 weeks. The brewery has 8 fermenting/storage tanks with a capacity of 80,400 L.
Filtration.
The brewery operates two filtration systems. While the product is moved from a fermentation tank to a bright beer tank for packaging, the beer is sifted through diatomaceous earth (also referred to as “Kieselguhr”) and Pall candle filters.
Packaging/Bottling.
The packaging starts at the Bright Beer Tanks from where the product is pumped into bottling and keg filling lines. The brewery has two 55 HL bright beer tanks and the bottling line operates at 2,000 bottles per hour. The facility fills kegs at a maximum capacity of 60 kegs per hour for 10 L keg and 20 Kegs per hour for 30 L keg.
Bus Tour & Taproom.
Kingdom Breweries offers scheduled tours around Phnom Penh in a double decker bus - the only one of its kind within Cambodia. The brewery also has a bar and lounge known as the Taproom, where visitors have an opportunity to sample the brewery's variety of beers and take guided tours of the facility.
Distribution.
Kingdom beer is distributed throughout Cambodia at over 700 outlets, as well as export markets such as the United Kingdom, France, and Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="36516933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516933" title="Hint Water">
Hint Water

Hint Water is a $30 million beverage company started and based in San Francisco, California as an alternative to soda and sugar beverages. It was started by former AOL employee Kara Goldin interested in making a drink alternative to help combat the rising obesity epidemic in the United States. As the company has grown, the goal of hint water has evolved to providing consumers with a healthy sugar free drink without diet sweeteners and use the slogan: drink water, not sugar.
History.
Origins.
Hint Water was developed in 2004 when its founder, Kara Goldin, was unhappy with the amounts of sugar and preservatives in her children's juices. Goldin then began to create the drink within her own home and selling the finished product from her garage. Also at this time, Goldin was diagnosed with gestational diabetes when pregnant, which also led her to develop a sugar-free alternative to other drinks. Kara Goldin soon left her job as an AOL executive to become the CEO of Hint Water and later her husband, Theo Goldin, became the COO of the company. Hint Water Inc. was launched in 2005 as a full functioning company dedicated to producing unsweetened water.
Competitors.
Hint's competitors in the natural water business include Vitaminwater, Glacéau's Fruit Water, and MiO from the Kraft Foods Group.
Products.
Hint Water has two lines of water: Hint Fizz and Hint Water. Each bottle of Hint Water is 16 ounces. All Hint products are promised to be all natural, sugar free, and zero calories. Hint Water is the original line put out by Hint Water and consists of solely water and all natural fruit flavoring. These flavors include: Watermelon, Blackberry, Pomegranate-Tangerine, Mango-Grapefruit, Strawberry-Kiwi, Raspberry-Lime, Cucumber, Pear, Honeydew-Hibiscus, and Lime. Fizz is Hint's Water line that is sparkling water and is their healthy alternative to soda without diet sweeteners. Fizz flavors include blackberry, watermelon, and strawberry-kiwi; a candy-like peppermint and peach flavors have been released multiple times as well.
Awards.
Hint Water has received many awards including Men's Health's Best Flavored Water in 2009 and 2012 for Mango-Grapefruit. In Self magazine, Hint was named the best flavored water as well inside the Healthy Food Awards 2012 and Raspberry-Lime was featured. Hint Fizz has also received multiple awards as well for all flavors in the Better Homes and Gardens: New Product Awards 2012 and in the Stevie Awards: Silver Award for Best New Product or Service of the Year. At the Stevie Awards, not only did Hint Fizz win the Silver award in the Best New Product or Service of the Year, but Hint's Founder and CEO was given the Gold Stevie Award for Female Entrepreneur of the Year in the category of Business Products. Additionally, Hint's Founder and CEO was also named a winner of EY's Entrepreneurial Winning Women Award in 2012 

</doc>
<doc id="36516940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516940" title="Gorumahisani">
Gorumahisani

Gorumahisani is a small town-cum-village and a railway station in Odisha, India.
It is located in Rairangpur taluka of Mayurbhanj district of Odisha, India.
It is also name of railroad station, whose railway code is GUMI, which falls under jurisdiction of South Eastern Railway Zone.
The post office code of place is 757042.
The town is famous for iron ore mines, which were the first iron ore mines developed in India in 1910, by Maharaja Sriram Chandra Bhanj Deo ruler of Princely State of Mayurbhanj. He appointed Pramoth Nath Bose, a leading geologist in 1908 to survey the ore deposits. Later the mines were leased to Tata Steel, in which the Dewan of the State, Mohini Mohan Dhar, played the leading role.
Transport.
As a result of iron ore mines being developed, the town was connected with Tatanagar in 1910 by Bengal Nagpur Railway.(See: Asansol–Tatanagar–Kharagpur line).
Places of interest.
1.Ghanashyam Misra & Sons Pvt Ltd <br>
2.Gorumahisani ITC <br>

</doc>
<doc id="36516951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516951" title="David Bartel">
David Bartel

David P. Bartel Ph.D. is a Professor of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Member of the Whitehead Institute, Molecular Biologist at Massachusetts General Hospital, and investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI). He earned his B.A. in Biology from Goshen College and his Ph.D. in Virology from Harvard University under the mentorship of Jack W. Szostak. 
While in the Szostak lab, he isolated the first ligase ribozyme directly from random sequence, using in vitro evolution (among these, the Class I ligase). After he became independent at the Whitehead Institute, he further evolved this ribozyme to function as a RNA-dependent RNA polymerase to extend primers on external RNA templates, bolstering the "RNA world" theory.
He later shifted his research focus towards microRNA biology and in particular on understanding their regulatory functions. 
In 2006 he was placed second by Thomson Reuters in a 'citations' ranking in the field of Molecular Biology/Genetics.
He has received several awards and was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2011 [http://pulse.wi.mit.edu/2011/05/honors/289].

</doc>
<doc id="36516969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36516969" title="Andala Rakshasi">
Andala Rakshasi

Andala Rakshasi () is a 2012 Telugu romance film written and directed by Hanu Raghavapudi as his first directorial effort. The film, produced by Sai Korrapati and S. S. Rajamouli under Vaaraahi Chalana Chitram banner debuts Naveen Chandra, Rahul Ravindran and Lavanya Tripathi. The soundtrack of the film was composed by Radhan and cinematography was handled by Murali. The film was released worldwide on August 10, 2012.
Plot.
“Love is the irresistible gravity between hearts that pulls them into the game of fate.”
The story of Andhala Rakshasi is set during the days of 1991. It is centre-staged on three pure hearts Surya, Gowtham & Midhuna and is about falling in love, forgetting and waiting for love. The story celebrates love as well as exposes its dark side of tormenting its patrons in pursuit of it. The three characters resemble the three celestial bodies Sun, moon and Earth. Set in motion by the force of love, the three individuals can neither come close nor cut off but are destined to revolve around the dear ones. In this pursuit of pure love they will be thrown to destinies that they never imagined.
The story revolves around Midhuna (Lavanya), a beautiful small town girl, Gautham (Rahul), a part-time guitarist, and Surya (Naveen), a scrap artist. Gautham and Surya fall in love with Midhuna. She means everything to them but they do not know each other.
Gautham, the only son of a rich dad, working as a part-time guitarist in a local pub falls in love with Midhuna at first sight for her innocence and follows her. Later he goes out of town for a while. In Gautham's absence, Midhuna meets with a fatal accident and Gautham's father helps to cure her, with a marriage proposal in return. Later Gautham reaches the hospital, finds out her name and takes care of her. Mithuna suffers four months in coma. He also finds out Midhuna is in love with another guy, Surya, who died in the same accident. After a few months, on the marriage day of herself and Gautham, Midhuna asks for sometime to forget Surya. Gautham takes her to his house at a hill station. Midhuna is unable to forget the memories of Surya. All the pain suffers Gautham. After many days, Mithuna starts to have feelings for Gautham regarding the respect and the true love of him for her. she asks Gautham to marry her. He feels very happy to hear that but fate plays a twist in their lives. Gautham discovers that Surya is alive and living distant to Midhuna. Why?
A few months ago, Surya, a street guy, falls in Love with Midhuna at first sight while travelling in a bus. Surya makes several attempts to gain Midhuna's love and finally succeeds. Soon after, Midhuna meets with a car accident and her parents are unable to bear the cost of the treatment. Gautham father arrives in the picture and makes a marriage proposal. Midhuna's father requests Surya to leave for her life. Surya who has a heart break revolves on the roads of Anantagiri. After knowing the truth, Gautham tells Midhuna that Surya is alive. She gets emotional but refuses to marry him. Gautham's father plans to kill Surya for the love of his son. Gautham comes to know the plan and tells his father that he is getting killed instead of Surya, in the hands of paid murderers on the telephone. Gautham sacrifices his life for Midhuna after getting stabbed and hitting a vehicle. Before he dies, he feels Midhuna is walking away in front of his car. Midhuna feels heartbreak for the second time. Later Midhuna and Surya meets each other . Gautham's love succeeds when Midhuna asks Surya for time to forget Gautham. Later it is revealed that the dead man at graveyard is Gautham's father who was missing for a while.
Production.
Hanu Raghavapudi, a former associate of director Chandra Sekhar Yeleti makes his debut with the film. It was reported that Sai Korrapati, who previously made 2012 blockbuster film "Eega" with S. S. Rajamouli started the film production in December 2010. The first look posters of the film were released in February 2012. First trailer of the film was released on May 31, 2012 through YouTube. It was announce that the theatrical distribution rights of the film for Andhra Pradesh region were sold to Dil Raju's SVC Cinemas. Later through his Twitter account, Rajamouli announced that he bought a stake in the film and would now act as the co-producer for it. On July 31, it was reported that the film was censored by the Central Board of Film Certification and was given a U/A certificate. The overseas theatrical distribution rights of the film were bagged by 14 Reels Entertainment and they collaborated with Ficus for the release. The television rights were bagged by Maa TV and was telecast on September 25, 2012 at 7pm.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack of the film was composed by Radhan. The audio of the film was launched in Hyderabad on June 2, 2012 through Vel Records. The album consists of six songs, which are penned by Rakendu Mouli, Krishnakanth, Vasishta Sharma and Lakshmi Bhupal. Reviewer from IndiaGlitz reviewed the album and said "Andala Rakshasi could have been a better album by cutting short the length of at least three songs. The songs are situation-based, and like all songs belonging to this category, they could work in the film, more than the audio. Even so, this is a good offering from a team of fresh singing, writing and musical talent." Kathik from Milliblog reviewed the album and praised Radhan for his efforts.

</doc>
<doc id="36517007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517007" title="Col du Ballon d'Alsace">
Col du Ballon d'Alsace

The Col du Ballon d'Alsace () is a mountain pass situated close to the summit of the Ballon d'Alsace () in the Vosges Mountains of France. It connects Saint-Maurice-sur-Moselle (Vosges) with Masevaux (Haut-Rhin) and Belfort.
The Ballon d'Alsace was the first official mountain climb in the Tour de France on 11 July 1905 although the tour had crossed the slightly lower Col de la République () in each of the previous two years. The first rider to the top of the Ballon was René Pottier, with the stage being won by Hippolyte Aucouturier. Stage 9 of the 2005 Tour crossed this pass on the centenary of the original climb.
Details of the climbs.
The "historic" ascent, as used in the early Tours de France, is from Saint-Maurice-sur-Moselle (north). From here, the ascent is 9.0 km long climbing 619 m at an average of 6.9%.
From the south, the climb starts at Malvaux, 4.5 km north of Giromagny. The climb is 12.4 km long, gaining 643 m at an average of 5.2%.
From Sewen (east), the climb is 13.2 km long, at an average of 5.1%, gaining 678 m in height. This climb starts on the D466 and joins the route from the south after 10 km, at the col du Langenberg (). The middle section (between 4 and 9 km) is steep, in excess of 8%.
Tour de France.
The Ballon d'Alsace was first crossed by the Tour de France on the second stage of the 1905 tour, from Nancy to Dijon. In the first two Tours de France, the cycle race had crossed the Col de la République () south of Saint-Etienne. Following violent incidents at the Col de la République in 1904, the tour's organiser Henri Desgrange decided to look elsewhere for challenges for the riders and at the same time gain publicity for the tour and distract the public from the cheating that had taken place in 1904.
Although only 17 metres higher than the Col de la République, the climb to the Ballon d'Alsace was steeper and Desgrange declared that no cyclist would be able to ride over it. Despite Desgrange's "over-dramatic" concerns, René Pottier crossed the summit first by riding all the way to the top and, although he was passed by Hippolyte Aucouturier before the finish at Besançon, Pottier became the leader of the tour. Unfortunately, the pace of his ascent exacerbated injuries that he had sustained in a fall on Stage 1, and Pottier was forced to withdraw from the race the next day. Following the 1905 tour's successful passage over the Ballon d'Alsace, Desgrange declared:the ascent of the Ballon d'Alsace ... was one of the most thrilling sights I have ever witnessed, and confirms my opinion that man's courage knows no limits and a highly trained athlete can aspire to remarkable performances.
Thus was the myth born that the Col d'Alsace was the first mountain crossing in the history of the Tour de France, which is still maintained in the Tour's official history.
The Tour returned to the Ballon d'Alsace the following year and Pottier was again the first rider over the summit. He arrived at Saint-Maurice-sur-Moselle in a group of 19 riders: according to "L'Auto": "At the foot of the climb, Pottier bolted, as if the bell had sounded the final lap of a track race. He hadn't reached the first hairpin before the group was torn apart." The other riders soon dropped away with only Augustin Ringeval able to briefly keep in contact with Pottier although even he was dropped well before the summit: Pottier and Ringeval are alone now. A brief but terrifying duel breaks out, until, making a final demand from his boundless reserves, the leader pulls away into the teeth of the gradient. Ringeval loses ground, makes it up again with a magnificent effort, then drops back again, done for! 
Pottier crossed the summit alone, over four minutes ahead of the next rider and maintained his lead into the stage finish at Dijon, going on to win the whole race in Paris three weeks later. 
Those of us who witnessed his interminable, solitary, high-speed ride were left wondering whether it had not all been a dream, and asking ourselves what mysterious force it is that possesses the human organism and allows it to push back the boundaries of the possible. 
Pottier was found hanged at his home the following January, having committed suicide. Following his death, a monument to him was erected at the summit of the Col du Ballon d'Alsace.
Passages in the Tour de France.
The Tour de France crossed over the Col du Ballon d'Alsace every year between 1905 and 1914, and then five times in the 1930s. Since World War II, the crossings have been less frequent, with the most recent being in 2005 to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the first passage. The tour has crossed the mountain twenty times in its history.
Tour de France stage finishes.
Between 1967 and 1979, the tour had four mountain top finishes at the summit of the Col du Ballon d'Alsace. 
Amateur cycling.
The Col du Ballon d'Alsace is also used by amateur cyclists on the "Trois Ballons" sportive ride held in June (together with the climbs over the Grand Ballon and the Ballon de Servance).

</doc>
<doc id="36517039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517039" title="Ronald Breaker">
Ronald Breaker

Ronald R. Breaker Ph.D. is the Henry Ford II Professor of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology at Yale University. He earned his B.S. in Biology and Chemistry from University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from Purdue University. He was a postdoctoral fellow at The Scripps Research Institute under the supervision of Gerald Joyce. While at Scripps he isolated the first DNA enzyme (deoxyribozyme). He then began his independent career at Yale university. Among his major accomplishments is the discovery of riboswitches. His current research is focused on understanding advanced functions of nucleic acids, including the discovery and analysis of riboswitches and ribozymes. He has been a Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) investigator since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36517041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517041" title="2012–13 Lille OSC season">
2012–13 Lille OSC season

The 2012–13 season was Lille OSC's sixty-ninth season in existence and the club's thirteenth consecutive season in the top flight of French football.
This season marked the opening of the Grand Stade Lille Métropole, with a 50,000-seat capacity that will host several matches of UEFA Euro 2016.
Players.
Squad.
Source:
Appearances and goals.
! colspan="15" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Goalkeepers
! colspan="15" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Defenders
! colspan="15" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Midfielders
! colspan="15" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Forwards
! colspan="15" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Players who left the club during the season
Source: Match reports in Competitive matches
Top goal scorers.
Last updated: 26 May 2013
Source: Match reports in Competitive matches
Club.
Kit.
Suplier: Umbro<br>Sponsor(s): Groupe Partouche
Source: umbro.com

</doc>
<doc id="36517090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517090" title="Casualty (series 27)">
Casualty (series 27)

The twenty-seventh series of "Casualty" began airing on BBC One on 18 August 2012 with an episode featuring a disaster at a music festival. Filming series 26 was completed in April 2012 and filming series 27 began a week later. The first episode was in the normal formata 50-minute episode. This season is 44 episodes, increasing from 42 for the previous one. Viewing figures for the first episode were 5.19 million viewers, continuing to be one of the most watched programmes of a Saturday night.
Cast.
Recurring characters.
Most of the cast from Series 26 carried over into Series 27. Scarlett Conway (Madeleine Mantock) and Nick Jordan (Michael French) left the show in the finale of Series 26. Tamzin Bayle (Gemma Atkinson) and Louise Tyler (Asuka Oforka) returned in episode one. Denise Andrews (Kate McEvoy) Linda's sister returned briefly as the cleaner in ED. Dylan Keogh (William Beck) left the show in the final episode of 2012. Four new Student Nurses joined the show in January 2013. Nick Jordan (Michael French) returned for four episodes and Yvonne Rippon (Rachel Shelley) returned for two episodes. Former nurse, Martin "Ash" Ashford (Patrick Robinson) returned after a 15-year break in February as a Locum Consultant. Linda Andrews (Christine Tremarco) left in episode 35 and Lloyd Asike (Michael Obiora) left in episode 38.
Crew.
Nikki Wilson will continue to be series producer. Oliver Kent has been announced as the new Executive Producer of the show, a post which he will take up in April following the departure of Johnathan Young. It is unlikely that any of Kent's work will appear in this series as filming is almost complete.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="36517096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517096" title="Amadou Scattred Janneh">
Amadou Scattred Janneh

Amadou Scattred Janneh (born 17 September 1963) is a Gambian politician with Gambian and American dual citizenship. A former Minister of Information and Communication for the national government, he was sentenced to life in prison for treason after distributing T-shirts with the slogan "End to Dictatorship Now". After international protest from organizations including Amnesty International and an appeal by US activist Jesse Jackson, Janneh was pardoned and returned to the US.
Background.
Janneh was born in Gunjur village in the Kombo South district. At the age of 17, he began working for Radio Gambia. He later traveled to the U.S., earning a PhD in political science in 1990. He then taught for ten years at the University of Tennessee.
Six months after Janneh's 2003 return to the Gambia to work at the U.S. Embassy, President Yahya Jammeh appointed him as Minister for Information and Communications. Janneh was removed from the post in 2005.
Treason conviction.
The T-shirts had been produced by the group Coalition for Change – The Gambia (CCG). Janneh was arrested on 7 June 2011 for distributing them. Three other activists - fellow Gambians Modou Keita and Ebrima Jallow and a Nigerian, Michael Uche Thomas - were arrested the same day. The four were detained at Mile 2 prison. Ndey Tapha Sosseh, a human rights activist, was also charged for her involvement in the T-shirts' printing, but was no longer in the country.
The four detainees were tried in November and December 2011. A number of witnesses testified for the prosecution that they had seen Janneh and the other defendants distributing the T-shirts. Police also presented e-mails in which CCG activists discussed how to change the national government.
On 18 January 2012, the court found Janneh guilty of treason and conspiracy to commit a felony and gave him a life sentence. The judge stated that he would have preferred to give Janneh a death sentence had it been permitted under Gambian law. Janneh, Keita, Jallow, and Thomas were also each sentenced to three years of hard labor for sedition.
The anti-censorship group ARTICLE 19 described itself as "appalled" by the sentences and "deeply concerned by the state of freedom of expression in The Gambia". Amnesty International declared the four men prisoners of conscience and called for their immediate release, stating, "Gambia must stop such acts of persecution and allow criticism to be heard in the country."
Janneh was released in September 2012 following an appeal on his behalf by US activist and politician Jesse Jackson. Janneh returned to the US and stated that he would resume his IT business as well as work on a book.

</doc>
<doc id="36517132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517132" title="Yundamindera Station">
Yundamindera Station

Yundamindera Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located about north of Kalgoorlie in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
It is situated next to the Mount Remarkable sheep station and Mount Celia Station.
Dr Laver leased the station in 1904 and was struck by the similarity of the area to the Barkly Tableland in Queensland. It was the first pastoral pursuit that was established in the area.
The area received of rain in 1910 which is well above average, of the fall coming in January. Resulting in excellent feed and herbage being available to cattle which thrived in the conditions.
In 1923 Dr. Laver sold the leasehold to Mr T. H. Pearse of Gums Station near Burra, South Australia. At the time the station was stocked with approximately 1,400 head of cattle. Pearse also took up the lease of neighbouring Mount Celia Station to have a total holding of about . Pearse then stocked the station with sheep imported from South Australia which thrived in the area resulting in heavy lambing in 1924.
Within a year of fencing the property over 100 dingoes were killed within the fences mostly by poisoning. Kangaroos continued to be a problem with the destruction of fences but rabbits were not being reported as a big pest.
Two Aboriginal prospectors tried the their luck in an abandoned shaft located just within the stations gates in 1933. The pair found a formation about in length and bearing over to the ton of gold. Ironically, the station stockmen often had lunch at the bottom of the shaft to escape the heat of the day.
In 1934 the station secured an additional 101 merino rams bred at the Koonoona stud out of Kooringa.
The area around the station received very heavy rainfall in February 1942 when 490 points or of rain fell over the course of a week.
A plague of Mice swept over the area in 1943 and neighbouring stations reporting that it was a full-time job keeping the wells clear with many being covered in of dead and dying mice.
In 1950 the station held about 11,500 sheep and produced a yield 0f 328 bales of wool.
The station received poor rains in 1952, about half the yearly average of 460 points compared with 887 points.
Over 600 sheep were taken from the station in 1953 and trucked to Cashmere Downs Station whose manager Mr J Bradshaw was in the process of restocking.
Yundamindera is currently owned by Minara Resources along with three other nearby properties: Glenorn, Nambi and Minara Stations. Glenorn and Nambi currently run approximately 1,700 head of cattle, but Yundamindera and Minara have both been destocked.

</doc>
<doc id="36517145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517145" title="Eusebius (consul 359)">
Eusebius (consul 359)

Flavius Eusebius (died after AD 371) was a Roman Senator, who was the brother-in-law of the Roman emperor Constantius II.
Biography.
Born into a family originating from the city of Thessalonica, and of Macedonian descent, Eusebius was the son of Flavius Eusebius, the Roman consul of AD 347. Probably through the influence of his sister Eusebia, the wife of the emperor Constantius II, Eusebius was appointed the governor of the province of Hellespontus in AD 355. While here, he was noted as an efficient governor, and an improvement on his predecessors.
After his term had completed, he went to Antioch where he was notified of his appointment as governor of Bithynia et Pontus, which he held in AD 356. He was then made "consul prior" alongside his brother Flavius Hypatius in AD 359.
Eventually moving back to Antioch, it was here in AD 371 that Eusebius was accused of treason and put on trial during the reign of the emperor Valens. Although he was found guilty, fined and exiled, he was soon recalled from his exile by the emperor, and his wealth and position were restored.
A Christian, Eusebius was deeply admired by the teacher of rhetoric, Libanius, who described him as an excellent orator. At some point he was raised to the rank of Patrician by the emperor.

</doc>
<doc id="36517245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517245" title="Pösgraben">
Pösgraben

The Pösgraben is a river of Saxony, Germany .

</doc>
<doc id="36517349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517349" title="Rutenfest">
Rutenfest

Rutenfest is the name of local festivals in

</doc>
<doc id="36517598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517598" title="ODV">
ODV

ODV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36517612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517612" title="List of films of the Dutch East Indies">
List of films of the Dutch East Indies

A total of 112 fictional films are known to have been produced in the Dutch East Indies (modern day Indonesia) between 1926 and the colony's dissolution in 1949. The earliest motion pictures, imported from abroad, were shown in late 1900, and by the early 1920s imported serials and fictional films were being shown, often with localised names. Dutch companies were also producing documentary films about the Indies to be shown in the Netherlands. The first reports of fictional film production in the Indies date from 1923, although the work in question was not completed. The first locally-produced film, "Loetoeng Kasaroeng", was directed by L. Heuveldorp and released on 31 December 1926.
Between 1926 and 1933 numerous other local productions were released. Although Dutchmen like Heuveldorp and G. Kruger continued to be active in the industry, the majority of filmmakers and producers were ethnic Chinese. The Tan brothers (Khoen Yauw and Khoen Hian) and The Teng Chun were major producers during this period, while the Wong brothers (Nelson, Othniel, and Joshua) were among the more prominent directors. During the mid-1930s, production dropped as a result of the Great Depression. The release of Albert Balink's commercially and critically successful "Terang Boelan" ("Full Moon") in 1937 led to renewed interest in filmmaking, and 1941 saw thirty locally-produced films. This rate of production declined after the Japanese occupation beginning in early 1942, closing all but one film studio; this resulted in several films which had begun production in 1941 being released several years later. The majority of films produced during the occupation were short propaganda pieces. Following the Proclamation of Indonesian Independence in 1945 and during the ensuing revolution several films were made, by both pro-Dutch and pro-Indonesian backers; the Dutch formally recognised Indonesia's sovereignty on 27 December 1949, leaving the Dutch East Indies defunct.
Generally films produced in the Indies dealt with traditional stories or were adapted from existing works. The early films were silent, with "Karnadi Anemer Bangkong" ("Karnadi the Frog Contractor"; 1930) generally considered the first talkie; later films would be in Dutch, Malay, or an indigenous language. All were black-and-white.
According to the Indonesian film scholar Misbach Yusa Biran, the films released during this period could not be classified as truly Indonesian films as there was no sense of nationalism within them. The American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider writes that all films from before 1950 are lost. However, JB Kristanto's "Katalog Film Indonesia" ("Indonesian Film Catalogue") records several as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia's archives, and Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36517676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517676" title="1997 IBF World Championships – Mixed Doubles">
1997 IBF World Championships – Mixed Doubles

The 10th IBF World Championships (Badminton) were held in Glasgow, Scotland, between 24 May and 1 June 1997. Following the results of the mixed doubles.

</doc>
<doc id="36517688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517688" title="Center for Sensorimotor Neural Engineering">
Center for Sensorimotor Neural Engineering

The Center for Sensorimotor Neural Engineering (CSNE) is a National Science Foundation Engineering Research Center founded to facilitate research into how the human brain collects and responds to environmental stimuli. The National Science Foundation awarded the CSNE with a $3 million grant in 2011 effectively beginning the program. The CSNE is currently housed in the University of Washington's Russell Hall. However, the CSNE is composed of faculty from multiple universities. These faculty specialize in fields including: biological and traditional engineering, computer science, and neurobiology. Additionally, the CSNE includes faculty from various fields of medicine who assist with real-world implementation of designs. The CSNE places a strong emphasis on bioethics.
Mission.
The CSNE's main purpose is to reverse engineer the mechanisms behind the brain's sensory and computational processes. The results of these studies can then be used to design systems that allow for robust communication between humans and computers or other devices.
Scientific Objectives.
Thrusts.
In order to better direct research, the CSNE has identified three directives known internally as "thrusts". The thrusts are designed to work autonomously. However, because of overlap between the thrusts, they also build upon one another.
Thrust 1: Communication and Interface.
The Communication and Interface thrust is largely concerned with developing more intelligent ways of extracting information from the brain. The objective of developing these intelligent systems is to use less power to compute faster, and, potentially, harvest their power through innovative sources. At the same time, these systems must be user-friendly. In other words, they must be easy to use and reliable in mechanical design and computation functions.
Thrust 2: Reverse and Forward Engineering.
The object of Thrust 2 is to reverse engineer the computational activities of the brain so that these activities can be understood and implemented in other systems. Using this knowledge, inorganic systems can be forward engineered to work with the brain using the brain's own system of computation.
Thrust 3: Control and Adaptation.
The Control and Adaptation Thrust specializes in creating interfaces that have the ability to "learn" from past inputs. The benefits of these systems is that they do not require intervention from outside the user-device system to adapt to new phenomena. Therefore, instead of reprogramming devices to understand new phenomena, devices would be programmed to change, on their own, according to different conditions.
Testbeds.
The CSNE groups its technologies into three testbeds.
1. Sensorimotor Assistance.
This testbed includes devices that are aimed at providing prostheses using neural control. These prostheses are assumed to be active only when attached to the body.
2. Diagnostic and Rehabilitation.
This testbed focuses on sensing conditions in the brain indicative of disorders. Additionally, the testbed looks to rehabilitate patients already diagnosed with these disorders.
3. Remote System.
This testbed differs from Sensorimotor Assistance in two areas. Firstly, while Sensorimotor Assistance devices are "parts of the body," Remote Systems devices are separate. That is, while Sensorimotor Assistance devices might include prosthetic arms, Remote Systems devices would include robots that help in treating disease (possibly by acting in place of prostheses). Secondly, Remote Systems can be used in non-medical applications such as neurally controlling robots used in rescue missions.
Educational Objectives.
The CSNE places emphasis on more than completing research; it also emphasizes educating the next generation of researchers. While this includes traditional programs at the graduate level, the CSNE participates in programs designed to educate undergraduates, K-12 students, and K-12 teachers. The CSNE uses these programs to encourage diversity and inclusion of minorities and persons with disabilities. The CSNE operates as a host site for the NSF programs: Research Experiences for Undergraduates and Research Experiences for Teachers.
Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REU).
As a host site for NSF Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REU), the CSNE hosts ten students from across the United States for ten weeks during the summer beginning in 2012. Beside conducting research in CSNE labs, REU students listen to lectures from leaders in the field.
Research Experiences for Teachers (RET).
Similar to the NSF REU program, the RET program places teachers in CSNE labs. As of 2012, two teachers were involved in the RET summer program.
Young Scholars Program (YSP).
The Young Scholars Program is a summer program designed to give high school students the opportunity to conduct research in an academic laboratory setting before entering college. During the summer of 2012 and 2013, the CSNE hosted 4 and 5 YSP students, respectively.
Undergraduate Curriculum.
The CSNE is currently developing new undergraduate curriculum for the University of Washington that includes a minor in Neural Engineering, two new undergraduate courses, and a possible double major. Materials from these courses will be disseminated to partner institutions.
Graduate Curriculum.
The CSNE is also developing new curriculum for a graduate certificate that includes two new courses. In addition, the CSNE supports exchange students so as to engender an international spirit of collaboration within the field.
Organization.
In attempting to combine the worlds of industry, medicine, research, science, ethics, and education, the CSNE has a broad range of goals. In order to ensure that these diverse goals are all met, the CSNE is organized into multiple advisory boards.
Advisory Boards.
1. Scientific Advisory Board: Acting as the scientific council, the Scientific Advisory Board focuses on ensuring that continual progress is made in developing new technology that can advance the objectives of the CSNE.
2. Industry Advisory Board: The Industry Advisory board helps develop successful business plans for products developed at the CSNE. This board also builds relationships with potential corporate partners.
3. Practitioner Advisory Board: This board consists of healthcare professionals who advise researchers on how to develop technologies that are friendly in a clinical setting.
4. User Advisory Board: The User Advisory Board is a group of medical patients with disorders pertinent to the work performed at the CSNE. Like the Practitioner Advisory Board, the User Advisory Board looks to connect the laboratory ideal of how products should function with the clinical ideal
5. Council of Deans: This council, composed of all deans from participating institutions and departments, is charged with recruiting appropriate faculty and students for the CSNE as well as promoting the CSNE in their spheres of influence.
6. Student Leadership Council: Education focused, the Student Leadership council looks to advance the goals of the CSNE by recruiting student ambassadors at partner institutions. In addition, the Student Leadership Council looks to engender scientific interest in middle and high school students by designing innovative educational experiences.

</doc>
<doc id="36517694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517694" title="David Shipman (writer)">
David Shipman (writer)

David Herbert Shipman (4 November 1932 – 22 April 1996) was a British film critic and writer, best known for his trilogy of books on film stars.
Biography.
Shipman was born in Norwich, Norfolk, and briefly attended Merton College, Oxford. He worked as a sales representative in publishing from 1955 to 1965, mostly in Europe, then returned to Britain to work for the publishers Thames & Hudson.
In 1968 he began work on his first book, "The Great Movie Stars: The Golden Years", which was published two years later and became a best seller. He also worked as a lecturer, journalist and film consultant, and from 1986 until his death wrote obituaries for "The Independent" newspaper.
Shipman died of a heart attack aged 63. At the time he was writing a biography of Fred Astaire. He was survived by his partner since 1964, art director Felix Brenner.
Richard Cohen, writing Shipman's obituary for "The Independent", stated that:
For over a quarter of a century David Shipman was the most influential writer on film in the world. He was never film critic for a national newspaper, and was generally not seen by the cinema establishment as a heavyweight; but in the 10 books he wrote, most notably the three volumes that made up "The Great Movie Stars" and the two-volume "The Story of Cinema", he exerted an influence no other writer on film has matched. More widely read than Pauline Kael, more authoritative and more knowledgeable than Leslie Halliwell, he always seemed in touch with the audiences for whom he wrote, and they appreciated his strongly held if iconoclastic views and the fact he was always his own man.

</doc>
<doc id="36517751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517751" title="Stephen Daniels (Australian footballer)">
Stephen Daniels (Australian footballer)

Stephen Daniels (born 3 September 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Daniels, a defender, was part of Port Adelaide's inaugural squad in 1997, after being picked up by the club as a zone selection, from Norwood. In 1999 he played 20 games, one of which was Port Adelaide's qualifying final loss to the Kangaroos.

</doc>
<doc id="36517792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517792" title="Jason Daniltchenko">
Jason Daniltchenko

Jason Daniltchenko born 2 September 1975 is an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Playing career.
Daniltchenko made his senior AFL debut for North Melbourne in 1993. Between 1993 and 1997 he played 29 matches, scoring 18 goals.
He was selected by Hawthorn in the 1998 AFL preseason draft but did not play a game for the Hawks.

</doc>
<doc id="36517804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517804" title="Solar power in New Hampshire">
Solar power in New Hampshire

Solar power in New Hampshire on rooftops can provide 21% of all electricity used in New Hampshire. A 2012 estimate suggests that a typical 5 kW system costing $25,000 before credits and utility savings will pay for itself in 11 years, and generate a profit of $32,061 over the rest of its 25 year life. New Hampshire has a rebate program which pays $0.75/W for residential systems up to 5 kW, for up to 50% of the system cost, up to $3,750.
Net metering is available for up to 1 MW generation, but is capped at 50 MW. Excess generation is perpetually rolled over each month, and customers can elect to be paid at avoided cost once a year, giving the state a B for net metering and a D for interconnection. The renewable portfolio standard calls for 10.65% of electricity from renewable energy in 2012, including 0.15% from solar, and 24.8% by 2025, including 0.3% from solar. Noncompliance is used to fund renewable energy, and resulted in payments of $1.3 million in 2009 and $2.6 million in 2010.
In 2005, New Hampshire's largest solar array was the 50 kW solar array on the roof of the Stonyfield Farm yogurt factory. It remained the largest in the state until PSNH installed a 51 kW array on their roof in 2009.
In 2012, New Hampshire's largest solar array was the 525 kW solar array installed on the top level of the Manchester Airport parking garage.
In a pilot program, a solar panel was installed on each utility pole, four in Nashua and four in Berlin. The output can be monitored online. 200,000 are being installed in New Jersey.
New Hampshire's average electricity price of 16.47¢/kWh is the sixth highest in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="36517878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517878" title="William Norris (1501–68)">
William Norris (1501–68)

Sir William Norris (1501 – 30 January 1568), of Speke, Lancashire, was an English Member of Parliament.
He was the eldest son of Henry Norris of Speke whom he succeeded in 1524. He was knighted in 1531.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Lancashire for 1544–45 and served as a Justice of the Peace for Cheshire in 1547. He was Mayor of Liverpool for 1554–55.
He was elected a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Liverpool in April 1554.
He died in 1568 and was buried at Childwall. He had married twice: firstly Ellen, the daughter of Rowland Bulkeley of Beaumaris, Anglesey, with whom he had a son and 6 daughters and secondly Anne, the daughter and coheiress of David Myddelton of Chester, Cheshire, and the widow of Thomas Seton, with whom he had another 6 sons and 6 daughters. He was succeeded by his third but eldest surviving son Edward. His eldest son, William, had been killed in 1547.

</doc>
<doc id="36517919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36517919" title="Garvin Thomas">
Garvin Thomas

Garvin Thomas is a television journalist currently with NBC Bay Area, KNTV, in the San Francisco Bay Area. He is a reporter, photographer, editor, and sometimes fill-in anchor. He is in charge of the Bay Area Proud franchise, which "profiles the people, the groups, and the companies making the Bay Area, and the world, a better place to live." Prior to joining NBC Bay Area, Thomas had worked in Boston, Minneapolis, Los Angeles and overseas in Berlin, Germany.
Education.
Garvin grew up in Yarmouth Port, Massachusetts, and graduated from Dennis-Yarmouth Regional High School in 1984. He then went on to pursue his degree at Boston College, where he majored in Germanic Studies and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1988. He also attended the Universitat Konstanz in Konstanz, Germany for one year.
Professional career.
Recently, Garvin has reported on a volunteer who had logged more than 16,000 hours for a Bay Area non-profit organization, One World Futbol and many inspiring stories like Braigo - 12 Year Old Creates Low-Cost Braille Printer Out Of Legos in the San Francisco Bay Area. 
His stories are produced under KNTV's Bay Area Proud banner.
Thomas has utilized social media to extend the reach of Bay Area Proud, most notably through his Twitter page, and related stories use the hashtag "#bayareaproud" on the social networking website.
Thomas has experience throughout multiple aspects of television journalism. According to his bio, he "started out at NBC Bay Area as a general assignment reporter, but his responsibilities and skills have grown over the years." He is versatile as a writer, reporter, photographer, editor and fill-in anchor. He "also shoots and edits all his own stories."
Career History.
Thomas has more than two decades of experience working in television news, and has worked in Boston (on two separate occasions), Berlin, Minneapolis and Los Angeles. He joined NBC Bay Area in 2004. 
Previously, he worked with KABC Los Angeles for a short time in early 2004, WHDH in Boston for five years, and WCCO in Minneapolis, MN for five years. 
He was also involved in Monitor Broadcasting in Berlin, Germany, where he was the Associate Producer for World Monitor.
Awards.
Garvin has won more than a dozen regional awards for both his reporting and photography. Among these awards are multiple Emmy awards; he won New England Emmy Awards for reports on the deadly 1999 Worcester fire and the 2000 presidential debates while at WHDH. He won the award for Outstanding News Reporting in 1999, and for Outstanding Spot News Coverage in 2000 for each respective story.
He has won numerous other awards as well:
Personal life.
In December 2002, Garvin and his wife, Karen, quit their jobs as news reporters at Boston area TV stations to spend a year travelling the world. The Cape Cod Times published a story about their trip prior to their departure, and detailed the preparations that went into the trip. Their website chronicling the journey says,
On December 1st, 2002 Garvin and Karen headed off on a once in a lifetime adventure. We left our jobs, gave up our apartment, and put our stuff in storage in order to backpack around the world. One year, 6 continents, 17 countries, and countless miles later we returned to the United States.
Currently, Garvin and his wife live in the South Bay with their three children.

</doc>
<doc id="36518043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518043" title="SMU Mustangs football under Dave Smith">
SMU Mustangs football under Dave Smith

Dave Smith was the coach of the Southern Methodist University's football team from 1973 to 1975. He compiled a 16–15–2 record, and was succeeded by Ron Meyer.

</doc>
<doc id="36518060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518060" title="Steven Brosnan">
Steven Brosnan

Steven Brosnan (born 9 October 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).
A key position player, Brosnan played his early football with SANFL club Port Adelaide, before being recruited to the AFL by the Port Adelaide Football Club, with pick 57 in the 1999 AFL Draft. He played just one senior AFL game for the Power, in round three of the 2000 AFL season, against the Western Bulldogs at Docklands Stadium.
After being delisted, Brosnan played for various clubs, including Lucindale, Wonthaggi and Waikerie.

</doc>
<doc id="36518066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518066" title="List of professional wrestling promoters">
List of professional wrestling promoters

This is a list of professional wrestling promoters in the United States.
List.
Pioneer-era (1900s–1940s).
This section lists notable professional wrestling promoters, especially those of the "Farmer" Burns-Frank Gotch and "Gold Dust Trio"-eras, active prior to the formation of the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) in 1948.
Territory-era (1940s-1980s).
This section lists notable professional wrestling promoters during the "Golden Age of Professional Wrestling" following the creation of the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) in 1948. While most promoters operated specific wrestling "territories" as members of the NWA, a number of so-called "outlaw" promotions were also prominent during this period.
Modern-era (1990s-present).
This section lists notable professional wrestling promoters from the collapse of the National Wrestling Alliance territory system in 1992 up to the 21st century.

</doc>
<doc id="36518106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518106" title="Northeast Adventist College">
Northeast Adventist College

Northeast Adventist College is a Seventh-day Adventist institution of higher learning near Jowai, India. It is considered the church's flagship provider of higher education in Northeast India. The college has affiliations with NEHU, India.
History.
Northeast Adventist college was established by Pr. O.W Lange in 1941 at the present location. It was then called the Assam Training School. It was inaugurated in 1942 by Sir Robert Reid, the Governor of Assam. When Meghalaya attained statehood in 1972, the name was changed to Adventist Training School (ATS). It served the people of East India and Northeast for many years as a Secondary School until it got upgraded to a Higher Secondary School in 1997, recognized by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE). In 1999 this institution was affiliated to the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU).
Campus.
The college is located on pine-wooded 89.94 acres of hills seven kilometers from Jowai town. The NH 44 passes just in front of the gate.
Degree Courses.
The college offers education in the Arts stream in the College Section and Arts and Science Streams in the Higher Secondary section.
Arts

</doc>
<doc id="36518124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518124" title="2012–13 Liechtenstein Cup">
2012–13 Liechtenstein Cup

The 2012–13 Liechtenstein Cup was the sixty-eight season of Liechtenstein's annual cup competition. Seven clubs competed with a total of sixteen teams for one spot in the first qualifying round of the 2013–14 UEFA Europa League. USV Eschen/Mauren were the defending champions.
First round.
The First Round featured eight teams. In this round entered seven of the reserve clubs participating in the competition, along with FC Ruggell. The games were played on 21 and 22 August 2012.
Second round.
The four winners of the First Round, along with FC Schaan, FC Schaan Azzurri, FC Triesen and FC Balzers II competed in the Second Round. The games were played on 26 September and 2 and 3 October 2012.
Quarter-finals.
The four winners of the Second Round entered the quarter-finals, along with the semifinalists from last season's competitions: FC Vaduz, USV Eschen/Mauren, FC Balzers and FC Triesenberg. The games were played on 6 November 2012.
Semi-finals.
The four winners of the quarter-finals competed in the semi-finals. The games will be played on 30 March and 17 April 2013.
Final.
The final was played in the national stadium, Rheinpark Stadion.

</doc>
<doc id="36518189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518189" title="Samarthanam Trust for the Disabled">
Samarthanam Trust for the Disabled

Samarthanam Trust for the Disabled is a non-profit organization that works for the differently-abled and is based in Bangalore, India.
History.
The trust was established in 1997 by visually impaired friends.
Education & Nutrition.
Samarthanam runs integrated primary and secondary schools and supports visually impaired students pursuing higher education. In the Class 10 Board exams held in 2012, the school had a pass percentage of 94.11%, with the school topper scoring 84.8%. Samarthanam uses technology to nullify disability. A barrier-free, accessible residential school is under construction. A sum of Rs. 1 crore was allocated by the Karnataka Chief Minister in the state budget towards construction of the school.
As part of 'Vidyaprasad', Samarthanam provides mid-day meals to children in government schools.
'Shrishti', Samarthanam's BPO training units in Hubli-Dharwad and Peenya, provide soft skills and call center training to people with disabilities.
Sports.
Samarthanam athletes took home seven medals at the 17th National Sports Meet for the Blind (2010) held at Chandigarh. Samarthanam's medal tally included three golds and Subramani broke the national record in shot put.
Samarthanam promotes chess for the blind. The FIDE rating National Open Chess Tournament for the Blind 2012 was organized by Samarthanam, in association with All India Chess Federation for the Blind.
The previous governing body handed over the responsibility of organizing cricket for the blind in India to Samarthanam. Samarthanam funded the Indian team's tour of England where the Indian team defeated England in a four-match one-day series. The Indian team, in collaboration with Samarthanam, also travelled to Pakistan to play the Indo-Pak series. Cricket Association for the Blind in India (CABI) is Samarthanam's sports initiative. The T–20 World Cup Cricket for the Blind is to be held in Bangalore in December 2012. Australia, Bangladesh, England, India, New Zealand, Pakistan, South Africa, West Indies, Sri Lanka and Nepal will be taking part, and Saurav Ganguly is the Brand Ambassador for the event.
Rehabilitation.
Samarthanam's Rural BPO - 'Kirana' - went live in 2011. The BPO was launched in association with the state-run Karnataka Biotechnology and Information Services (KBITS). The center provides employment opportunities to people with disabilities and rural youth.
Other Areas of Work.
'Sunadha' is Samarthanam's troupe comprising visually impaired dancers. 'Sunadha' has performed across India, the U.S. and U.K.
'Parisara', Samarthanam's environmental initiative, provides end-to-end waste management solutions for corporate organizations and residential complexes. Samarthanam Parisara won the People's Green Award at the TCS World 10K Bangalore 2012, bagging the grand prize of Rs. 75,000.
See also.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blind_cricket

</doc>
<doc id="36518218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518218" title="Chamaco">
Chamaco

Chamaco is a masculine given name and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36518229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518229" title="Bushra Rahman">
Bushra Rahman

Bushra Rahman () (born August 29, 1944) is a Pakistani writer. She has written several books
She has also received Presidential Award Sitara-i-Imtiaz for her literary works in 2007.
Early life and career.
She started her political career in 1983, from Provincial Assembly and was elected as a member of Punjab Assembly three times.
She is also the member of National Assembly (MNA) from Pakistan Muslim League.

</doc>
<doc id="36518267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518267" title="Mixed Company of Yale">
Mixed Company of Yale

Mixed Company of Yale is one of 15 official a cappella singing groups from Yale University (as recognized by the Yale University Singing Group Council). Founded in 1981, Mixed Company was originally formed as a group specializing in both sketch comedy and a cappella. Today, the group focuses primarily on singing, though the group often integrates skits and other comedy into performances. The group has toured on five continents, and regularly performs for world leaders visiting Yale's campus. Mixed Company has released 13 studio albums; their most recent recording, "Gumption", was released in Fall 2013.
History.
<poem>In the fall of 1981, a small group of Yale undergraduates found themselves unable to decide between sketch comedy and a cappella, so they decided to form a new group that incorporated elements of both, thus forming the original tap class of Mixed Company. Since then, the group has recorded 13 studio albums and has toured around the country and the world.
</poem>
Membership.
<poem>The members of Mixed Company are all selected for their singing talent as freshmen or sophomores through Yale's long and involved rush process, which takes place at the beginning of each fall semester. The rush process is governed by Yale's Singing Group Council. 
The first part of the rush process is Woolsey Jam, a concert at which each group performs two songs. This is followed by Dwight Hall Jam later in the week, directly after which rushees, mostly freshman undergraduates, sign up to audition. That weekend, a cappella groups watches these prospective members audition, and in the following few weeks the rushees meet the members of each group through a series of "rush meals," during which they eat with members of each group they have auditioned for. During these weeks, each group also holds a concert called a "Singing Dessert" in which rushees determine which group they like best musically. Afterwards, groups calls back certain students to hear them a second time in order to finally decide who to tap. Tap Night, an important Yale tradition, takes place during the next week at midnight on a day not known to rushees until announced by the Singing Group Council.
</poem>
Repertoire.
<poem>Mixed Company is known for its diverse repertoire, which covers a wide range of musical styles, including but not limited to rock, pop, musical theater, jazz, and rhythm & blues. Each piece in the repertoire was arranged, written, or transcribed by a Mixed Company member, and includes songs originally performed by Marc Cohn, Ben Folds, and Aretha Franklin, among others. "Hodja", the group's traditional opening song, has been performed at nearly every concert since the group's founding. The group's alumni song, "Zombie Jamboree" (popularized by Rockapella), is performed at all major concerts. New songs are added to the group's active repertoire every year, which includes around 30 songs. Arrangements added since 2010 include songs performed by Sister Hazel, Marc Broussard, Beyoncé, Mika, Whitney Houston, Katy Perry, Alicia Keys, Rascal Flatts, and more. Mixed Company also sings original songs written and arranged by group members, such as "Prayer" (Esther Hyun '12) and "How the Scenery Changes" (Brian Kim '04).
The group is also well known for its incorporation of original comedy routines, such as the popular "Hipster Mockumentary", into their concerts.
</poem>
Tours and performances.
<poem> Mixed Company tours extensively across the world and the United States. Every year, Mixed Company goes on 2-3 tours during winter, spring, and summer breaks, as well as many mini-tours throughout the school year.
As recent as 2010, tours have taken them to Greece, Rome, Ecuador, Chicago, California, Miami, and more. Mixed Company has performed for audiences on five different continents, including for the Education for Music Non-profit, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon, and former Prime Minister Tony Blair. They have also performed at the Vatican, the Empire State Building, and even at Citi Field, where they performed "The Star-Spangled Banner" at a New York Mets game. Mixed Company has also been featured on Connecticut Channel 3 News, where they performed "White Christmas". In addition to performances, Mixed Company holds workshops where they work with younger a cappella groups.
The Contemporary A Cappella Society has reviewed Mixed Company performances, calling them "rousing," featuring songs that are "outstandingly arranged" and "so full and so gorgeous."
</poem>
Discography.
Mixed Company records a new album every other year. Since its founding, it has recorded 13 studio albums:
Mixed Company albums have been reviewed by the Recorded A Cappella Review Board.

</doc>
<doc id="36518269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518269" title="American Idol Season 11 Highlights (Hollie Cavanagh EP)">
American Idol Season 11 Highlights (Hollie Cavanagh EP)

American Idol Season 11 Highlights is a compilation extended play by Hollie Cavanagh based on some of her "American Idol" performances. The EP was released exclusively through Walmart and consists of a few studio recordings made by Cavanagh during season 11 of "American Idol". It includes a duet with DeAndre Brackensick and performances that were well-received by the judges on the show. Similar EPs were also released through Walmart by fellow contestants from the Top 5, Phillip Phillips, Jessica Sanchez, Joshua Ledet and Skylar Laine. As of September 2012, it has sold 13,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36518277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518277" title="Youth Projects">
Youth Projects

Youth Projects is an independent, not-for-profit organisation founded in Melbourne, Australia. The goal of youth projects is to create life changing opportunities for every young person, working with them to build resilience, promote inclusion and ultimately empower them to overcome disadvantage. Youth Projects provides a broad range of services designed to enable a holistic approach to tackling social disadvantage, homelessness and drug and alcohol issues including health and education programs, community outreach and training and employment services.
Youth Projects operates a drop-in centre in Hosier Lane called The Living Room and its main office is located in Glenroy.
Origin.
In 1981, the Broadmeadows City Council established a drop-in centre in a building at 6 Hartington Street, Glenroy. The centre was aimed at the young unemployed as a safe place to discuss their personal issues.
In 1984, with additional support from Commonwealth authorities and charitable trusts, the Broadmeadows Taskforce was established and officially opened by the Premier of Victoria, the Hon John Cain Tuesday 28 August 1984.
At the end of 1984, the committee of management of the Broadmeadows Taskforce elected change its name to Broadmeadows Youth Projects. Following the group’s incorporation, the organisation became known as Youth Projects Inc.
Programs.
Health Programs.
The Living Room.
The Living Room is a Primary Health Service located in Hosier Lane that provides free healthcare and support to people who are homeless or at risk of homelessness or with complex healthcare needs. The Living Room is the only service of its kind in the CBD of Melbourne where people can receive medical attention, contraception, legal advice, as well as wash their clothes, shower and access the internet and send and receive mail.
Foot Patrol.
Foot Patrol is a confidential mobile, street based, syringe exchange program that operates in the Melbourne CBD 365 days a year. It enables injecting drug users - who may not otherwise seek assistance - to access clean injecting equipment and contraception in their own, familiar environment.
Mobile Syringe Exchange.
Mobile Syringe Exchange prevents the transmission of blood borne viruses through the provision of clean injecting equipment, safer using advice, safe syringe disposal units, contraception, safe sex information, support and referrals. Operating from a car
Outreach Programs.
YNOT.
The Youth Northern Outreach Team provides drug and alcohol treatment for young people aged between 12 – 21 years of age.
Community Programs.
Clean Up.
Clean Up is a syringe cleanup team that regularly conducts inspections across the Melbourne CBD to safely dispose discarded syringes.
Drink Drug Drive.
Drink Drug Drive is an accredited education program to assist people who have lost their driving license as a result of driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol.
Living Room Football.
The Youth Projects Living Room Roar is a football team comprising clients of the Living Room. The Living Room Roar are part of a competition run by Reclink. The aim of the football program is to promote health and physical, social and mental well being, social inclusion and engagement. The Living Room Roar are supported by the Richmond Football Club, Victoria Police and YMCA.
Employment.
Youth Projects Employment services.
Youth Projects Employment services supports individuals with education and training while assisting them to secure ongoing employment.
Education.
Youth Connections.
Youth Connections is a program that supports young people at risk of disengaging from education. Youth Projects is part of a consortium that delivers this service.
Training.
Melbourne Training Options.
Melbourne Training Options is a Registered Training Organisation that delivers high quality and nationally accredited courses to individual who want to increase their skills.
Awards.
Youth Projects was awarded the 2010 Melbourne Award for Contribution to the Community.

</doc>
<doc id="36518300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518300" title="Chief of the General Staff of the Korean People's Army">
Chief of the General Staff of the Korean People's Army

The Chief of the General Staff of the Korean People's Army is the person in charge of the General Staff of the Korean People's Army, the military force of North Korea. The current Chief of the General Staff is Ri Yong-gil, who was appointed to the post in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36518334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518334" title="Siege of Huajuapan de León">
Siege of Huajuapan de León

El Siege of Huajuapan de León was a battle of the Mexican War of Independence that was fought from 5 April to 23 July 1812 at Huajuapan de León, in the Mexican state of Oaxaca. The battle was fought between the royalist forces loyal to the Spanish crown, and the Mexican rebels fighting for independence from the Spanish Empire. This Spanish siege of the town, lasting 111 days, was the longest of the entire war. The battle resulted in a victory for the Mexican insurgents.
The siege was defended against by a group of local insurgents commanded by Colonel Valerio Trujano. This siege is considered one of the most important battles of the second phase of the Mexican War for Independence.
Context.
The insurgent forces commanded by Valerio Trujano and Miguel Bravo had joined together with those of the priest, Father Mendoza at the beginning of March 1812 at Tamazulapan, Oaxaca. Their goal was to defeat the royalist General José María de Régules Villasante who had fortified himself at Yanhuitlán
At the beginning of the insurgent attacks, Régules Villasante decided to occupy only the town square and the buildings in its immediate vicinity. The insurgent attackers, who initially believed their assault to be a complete success, were turned back and obliged to retreat once they reached the fierce Spanish resistance in the city center. Miguel Bravo marched from there with his forces to Cuautla to aid Generalissimo José María Morelos y Pavón who was there besieged by royalist forces. Trujano, for his part, marched with his own troops to Huajuapan where he fortified the city and recovered from the defeat at Yanhuitlán.
The Siege.
A royalist commander named Bemardino Bonavia who controlled one royalist division, began the siege against the town in an effort to regain Spanish control. He was quickly aided by more royalist troops under the command of José María de Régules Villasante on 5 April 1812 beginning the siege. The Spanish forces numbered about 1,500 men with 14 pieces of artillery. Five days after their arrival at Huajuapan, the royalist troops opened fire on the city, unleashing all their firepower on the rebel defenses. Valerio Trujano, who had no artillery of his own with which to defend the city, was unable to return fire until the fabrication of new artillery pieces made from the town's church bells.
Royalist attacks on the town were almost constant, however, they were continually repulsed by the insurgent defenders. On 17 May, a messenger, José Remigio Sarabia, an Indian from the town of Santiago Nuyoo, managed to get through the blockaded city and get word to General José María Morelos, who was in Chilapa at the time. He informed the General that the Spanish were besieging the city. Morelos decided to come to Trujano's aid and ordered Miguel Bravo's forces to march to Huajuapan de León to lift the siege where Morelos himself would follow a short time later. On 23 July, the rebel forces managed to break the siege around four o clock in the afternoon.
The Mexican relief army consisted of a few thousand men and included such people as Vicente Guerrero, the Galeana brothers and the Bravo brothers. The division under the control of Morelos was split into four columns that formed four fronts of attack. These attacks were successful in breaking the Spanish siege positions. The Spanish royalists decided to withdraw from the battle, leaving behind 30 cannons, over 1,000 muskets, horses, various supplies and over 400 dead.
Celebration at Huajuapan.
Upon liberating the city, Morelos, being an extremely devoted Catholic, ordered a public holiday in the Catholic tradition to honor the "Señor de los Corazones" to acknowledge his help in the resistance to the siege. The novena concluded exactly on 23 July and coincided with the breaking of the siege. Since then, Huajuapan observes a public holiday on this day to commemorate its date.
From 14 July through 24 July, the novena is celebrated with daily masses and processions through the different parishes of the city to the cathedral, where the image of the "Señor de los Corazones" can be found. Much of these festivities are organized by the brotherhood of the Señor de los Corazones. At the conclusion of the religious observances, various cultural, artistic and recreational activities take place throughout the town as well as a fireworks show. On the night of 23 July, the bishop of the town together with the bulk of the clergy from the diocese, celebrates a mass in the atrium of the central cathedral to give thanks for the heroic defense of the city. On 24 July, the streets of the city are decorated with different chalk drawings as supplementary decoration for the largest procession which occurs in conjunction with religious songs, mariachi music and flowers and follows the main streets of the city.

</doc>
<doc id="36518352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518352" title="American Idol Season 11 Highlights (Skylar Laine EP)">
American Idol Season 11 Highlights (Skylar Laine EP)

American Idol Season 11 Highlights is a compilation extended play by Skylar Laine based on some of her "American Idol" performances. The EP was released exclusively through Walmart and consists of a few studio recordings made by Laine during season 11 of "American Idol". It includes a duet with Colton Dixon and performances that were well-received by the judges on the show. Similar EPs were also released through Walmart by fellow contestants from the Top 5, Phillip Phillips, Jessica Sanchez, Joshua Ledet and Hollie Cavanagh. As of September 2012, it has sold 33,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36518353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518353" title="Pareh">
Pareh

Pareh (Sundanese for "rice"), released internationally as Pareh, Song of the Rice, is a 1936 film from the Dutch East Indies (modern day Indonesia). Directed by the Dutchmen Albert Balink and Mannus Franken, it featured an amateur native cast and starred Raden Mochtar and Doenaesih. The story follows the forbidden love between a fisherman and a farmer's daughter.
Balink began work on the film in 1934, working with the Wong brothers, who served as cinematographers. They gathered a budget of 75,000 gulden – several times the budget of other local productions – and brought Franken from the Netherlands to assist in production. The film was edited in the Netherlands after being shot in the Indies. The film was a commercial and critical success with European audiences, but disliked by native ones; despite this success, "Pareh" bankrupted its producers.
"Pareh" resulted in a change in the cinema of Dutch East Indies, which had been Chinese-oriented for several years; films began to make more effort at targeting local audiences. Balink later found commercial success with "Terang Boelan" (1937). The American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider considers "Pareh" and "Terang Boelan" the two most important cinematic works from the Dutch East Indies during the 1930s.
Premise.
Mahmud (Rd. Mochtar), a fisherman, is in love with Wagini (Doenaesih), a farmer's daughter. However, local superstition dictates that their relationship will bring disaster. This seems to prove true after the village leader's keris is stolen, but eventually Mahmud and Wagini are able to unite.
Production.
During 1934 and early 1935, all feature films released in the Dutch East Indies had been produced by The Teng Chun, based on Chinese mythology or martial arts, and targeted at low-class audiences, generally ethnic Chinese. This situation was created by the Great Depression, which had led to the Dutch East Indies government collecting higher taxes, advertisers asking for more money, and cinemas selling tickets at lower prices; this ensured that there was a very low profit margin for local films. During this period cinemas in the country mainly showed Hollywood productions.
Albert Balink, a Dutch journalist, began work on what was to become "Pareh" in 1934. Unlike The Teng Chun, the inexperienced Balink chose to target his film at Dutch audiences. He brought in two of the Wong brothers, Chinese filmmakers who had been inactive since making "Zuster Theresia" ("Sister Theresa") in 1932. The Wongs donated their studio – an old tapioca flour factory – as well as filmmaking equipment. Meanwhile, much of the funding came from other backers. According to the Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran, the money came from the cinema mogul Buse, while EYE Film Institute records indicate that the film was backed by the Centrale Commissie voor Emigratie en Kolonisatie van Inheemschen and meant to promote migration from Java to Sumatra.
Balink and the Wongs spent most of two years compiling the necessary funds, with Balink in charge of general operations as the head of Java Pacific Film, a joint operation. Balink insisted on perfection and had a clear idea what kind of actor he wanted in the film. Unlike earlier filmmakers in the country, Balink invested time and money in searching for the best locations and actors possible, without considering whether a person was already a celebrity.
Most of those cast for "Pareh" had not acted before. The role of Mahmud was filled when Balink was out with coffee with Joshua and Othniel Wong and saw a young man, tall, strong, and handsome – as he expected for the role – driving by. Balink called the Wongs and they got into their car, chasing and catching the young man. The man, Mochtar, a Javanese of noble descent, was told to use the title "Raden" for the film, which he and his family had already abandoned. According to the Indonesian anthropologist Albertus Budi Susanto, the emphasis on Mochtar's title was meant as a way to draw a higher-class audience.
Artistic direction and some of the screenwriting was handled by Mannus Franken, an "avant-garde" documentary filmmaker from the Netherlands, whom Balink had brought to the Indies. Franken insisted on including ethnographic shots to better present the local culture to international audiences. Franken took an interest in the documentary and ethnographic aspects of the film, directing the shots for these portions, while the Wongs handled the general shots. According to Biran, this was reflected in the camera angles used.
The film, which had been recorded on 35 mm film using single-system devices, was brought to the Netherlands for editing. There the original voices of the cast were dubbed by actors in the Netherlands, resulting in stilted language use and heavy Dutch accents. From start to finish the production of "Pareh" cost 75,000 gulden (approximately US$ 51,000), 20 times as much as a regular local production. After editing there were 2,061 metres of film, equal to 92 minutes of runtime.
Release and reception.
"Pareh" was screened in the Netherlands as "Pareh, een Rijstlied van Java" (also noted as "Het Lied van de Rijst") beginning on 20 November 1936, and also shown in the Indies. It was unable to recoup its costs and bankrupted the producers. The film was critically acclaimed in the Netherlands, partially owing to the emphasis of Franken's involvement. Although it was a commercial success amongst the intelligentsia in the Indies, "Pareh" was a failure with native audiences. Mochtar never viewed the film in full. The Indonesian writer and cultural critic Armijn Pane wrote that "Pareh" looked at the native population of the Indies only through European eyes, which he considered a large fault.
The American film historian John Lent, writing in 1990, described "Pareh" as a "meticulously detailed and costly" film which attempted to not only earn money, but show the local culture. The American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider considers "Pareh" one of the two most important cinematic works from the Dutch East Indies during the 1930s; Balink's later work "Terang Boelan" ("Full Moon"; 1937) was the other. Heider, John H. McGlynn, and Salim Said note that the film was of acceptable technical quality but is best remembered for changing the path of cinematic developments in the country.
Legacy.
The release of "Pareh" was followed by a shift in genres popularised by the local cinema. The Teng Chun, who – together with Balink – continued to be the only active filmmaker in the country until 1937, began shifting towards more modern stories and those which would be popular with native audiences. Biran suggests that this was influenced by "Pareh". Other filmmakers in the late 1930s, partially inspired by "Pareh", began to improve the quality of the audio in their films.
Mochtar and Soekarsih, who had first met when acting together in "Pareh", later married after co-starring in "Terang Boelan". This later production included much of the same cast and was highly successful, leading to a renewed interest in filmmaking in the Indies. "Terang Boelan" proved to be the most successful local production until 1953's "Krisis" ("Crisis"), released after Indonesia had become independent.
References.
Footnotes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36518358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518358" title="ATV Jordan">
ATV Jordan

ATV (Jordanian United TV Broadcasting Company PLC) is Jordan's first independent TV channel started its pilot broadcast and signal testing as of July 23, 2007. The channel is broadcasting through Nilesat 102 on a frequency of 12303H¾.
ATV was founded by Mohamad Alayyan, a Jordanian business man who has invested in Jordan's media scene including alghad daily, Al-Waseet classified paper, in addition to several magazines and FM radio stations.
ATV announced earlier 2008 that it will go public, making it the first satellite station in the Arab world to do so.
On 4 September 2007, ATV launched some of its shows on ikbis.com.

</doc>
<doc id="36518377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518377" title="Hypatius (consul 359)">
Hypatius (consul 359)

Flavius Hypatius (c. 340 - died after AD 383) was a Roman Senator, who was the brother-in-law of the Roman emperor Constantius II.
Biography.
Born into a family originating from the city of Thessalonica, and of Macedonian descent, Hypatius was the son of Flavius Eusebius, the Roman consul of AD 347. Probably through the influence of his sister Eusebia, the wife of the emperor Constantius II, Hypatius was appointed "consul posterior" alongside his brother Flavius Eusebius in AD 359, while still an adolescent.
Possibly appointed the "vicarius urbi Romae" on 21 February 363, at some point he moved to the city of Antioch. Here, in AD 371, Hypatius and his brother were accused of treason and put on trial during the reign of the emperor Valens. The accusation involved their involvement in a supposed prophecy which indicated that a the Notarius Theodorus would succeed Valens as emperor. Although Hypatius and Eusebius were found guilty, fined and exiled, they was soon recalled from their exile by the emperor through the intercession of the "Praepositus sacri cubiculi" Heliodorus, the official who had accused Hypatius and his brother in the first place. Although his wealth and position were restored, Hypatius' career suffered whilst Valens still lived. Hypatius was still in Antioch when he received notification from the emperor Gratian of his appointment as "Praefectus urbi" of Rome, shortly after the Battle of Adrianople. He held this post from late AD 378 until 5 April 379.
In AD 381, he was in Constantinople, where he was notified that he had been appointed the Praetorian Prefect of both Illyricum and Italy, a command he held from AD 382 to 383. During his time as Praetorian prefect he received a number of laws to promulgate, including one from Gratian on 21 May 383, which condemned anyone who converted from Christianity to either Paganism, Judaism, or Manichaeism.
A Christian who corresponded with Gregory of Nazianzus, Hypatius was praised highly by the historian Ammianus Marcellinus, who described him as gentle, placid, upright and honest. He was also honoured by the people of Crete. At some point he was raised to the rank of Patrician by the emperor.

</doc>
<doc id="36518381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518381" title="Naren Bakshi">
Naren Bakshi

Naren Bakshi (born 1943) is an Indian-American serial entrepreneur. In 1992, Bakshi founded Versata, which later went public in 2000. He is also the Founder of Xpede, CEOJumpStart, Harbinger Real Estate, and the International Venture Group. He is an angel investor and mentor to several start-ups and is a Charter Member of The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE) and has served as a Trustee of TiE Global. He was the founding Chairman of the first Indian Community Center in North America in Cleveland, Ohio and is currently serving as a Trustee of the Indian Community Center in Milpitas, California.
Early life and education.
Bakshi was born to Tara Chand Jain Bakshi and Munna Devi Bakshi in Jaipur, India. His father is a MSc, LLB, and doctor of naturopathy. Bakshi’s paternal grandfather, Kesar Lal Bakshi, was a community leader and self-made real estate developer in Jaipur. Bakshi was raised as a Jain and was highly influenced by the philosophies of Jainism and Gandhi while growing up. 
He obtained his BSc in Mechanical Engineering from Birla Institute of Technology in Ranchi, India. He holds an M.S. in Industrial Engineering (1968) and an M.B.A. in Finance and Marketing (1969) from the University of California, Berkeley. Bakshi and a small group of Indian students founded UC Berkeley’s first Indian Association, and he served as its first President.
Career.
After graduating from UC Berkeley in 1969, Bakshi moved to Cleveland, Ohio to work for Standard Oil and British Petroleum. He later served in various management positions at TRW from 1980 to 1991. He also served as Vice President of Information Services at Ameritrust Bank. While in Cleveland, he was Founding Chairman of the first Indian Community Center in North America in 1976. 
After moving back to the Bay Area in 1989, he founded Versata in 1992 and served as President, CEO and Chairman of Versata, a company that went public in 2000 with over $1 Billion valuation. On the day of its IPO, Versata created more than 150 millionaires on paper. Naren Bakshi is also a Founding Partner of CEOJumpStart. He co-founded Xpede in 1998, a provider of e-commerce lending services to major financial institutions. Bakshi now serves as the Chairman of the Board of Xpede. He has served as an advisor to TekEdge, 123SignUp, and Magnifi. 
He is currently serving on the board of Liqvid, an e-learning services, content and solutions company. He is Chairman of Harbinger Real Estate Pvt. Ltd., a company that is promoting digital lifestyle homes in India, and International Venture Group.
Personal life.
Bakshi came to the US in 1966 to start graduate school. Since 2000, Bakshi and his family have been living in Silicon Valley and Rajasthan, India.
Accomplishments and affiliations.
Bakshi serves as the Trustee and is President Emeritus of India Community Center (www.indiacc.org) in Silicon Valley and is Chairman Emeritus of Hume Center, a mental Health agency in Silicon Valley. He has been an active member of TiE since 1994, having served as a champion of TiE Rajasthan and Trustee and Global Chair (2004 – 2009) for the chapter support and development group that helped to foster entrepreneurship in 57 chapters in 14 countries. His company Versata was one of four companies that were featured in TiE’s inaugural conference in 1994 in Silicon Valley. He was also a member of the Alliance of CEOs, a group of 150 CEOs/Founders in the Bay Area. He was also part of the TRW team that acquired Teknekron Financial Systems and earned the nomination for the 1990 TRW Chairman's Award of Innovation.
In 2000 Bakshi and a delegation of Indian-American entrepreneurs travelled to India to meet with then PM Vajpayee and promote the high tech economy. The Indian government at that time was interested in expanding their IT sector. As a result of this trip, India adopted more progressive policies for the venture capital industry, thus reducing the barriers to invest in India’s IT and telecom sectors. 
In summer of 2010, Bakshi was invited by the White House and State Department to be part of a delegation of six led by then US Chief Technology Officer Aneesh Chopra to help organize President Obama’s first trip to India to foster much deeper relationships between India and the US.

</doc>
<doc id="36518431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518431" title="Tilak Ram Tharu">
Tilak Ram Tharu

Tilak Ram Tharu (born 10 April 1993) is a Nepalese athlete who represented Nepal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 100m. He was eiminated in the preliminaries but set a personal best time of 10.85 seconds.

</doc>
<doc id="36518432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518432" title="American Idol Season 11 Highlights (Phillip Phillips EP)">
American Idol Season 11 Highlights (Phillip Phillips EP)

American Idol Season 11 Highlights is a compilation extended play by Phillip Phillips based on some of his "American Idol" performances. The EP was released exclusively through Walmart and consists of a few studio recordings made by Phillips during season 11 of "American Idol". It includes a duet with Elise Testone, his coronation song, "Home" and performances that were well-received by the judges on the show. Similar EPs were also released through Walmart by fellow contestants from the Top 5, Jessica Sanchez, Joshua Ledet, Hollie Cavanagh and Skylar Laine. As of September 2012, it has sold 82,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36518444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518444" title="American Idol Season 11 Highlights (Jessica Sanchez EP)">
American Idol Season 11 Highlights (Jessica Sanchez EP)

American Idol Season 11 Highlights is a compilation extended play by Jessica Sanchez based on some of her "American Idol" performances. The EP was released exclusively through Walmart and consists of a few studio recordings made by Sanchez during season 11 of "American Idol". It includes a duet with Joshua Ledet, her potential coronation song, "Change Nothing" and performances that were well-received by the judges on the show. Similar EPs were also released through Walmart by fellow contestants from the Top 5, Phillip Phillips, Joshua Ledet, Hollie Cavanagh and Skylar Laine. As of August 2012, it has sold 15,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36518450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518450" title="American Idol Season 11 Highlights (Joshua Ledet EP)">
American Idol Season 11 Highlights (Joshua Ledet EP)

American Idol Season 11 Highlights is a compilation extended play by Joshua Ledet based on some of his "American Idol" performances. The EP was released exclusively through Walmart and consists of a few studio recordings made by Ledet during season 11 of "American Idol". It includes a duet with Phillip Phillips and performances that were well-received by the judges on the show. Similar EPs were also released through Walmart by fellow contestants from the Top 5, Phillip Phillips, Jessica Sanchez, Hollie Cavanagh and Skylar Laine. As of August 2012, it has sold 30,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36518459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518459" title="Pramila Rijal">
Pramila Rijal

Pramila Rijal (born 1 May 1985) is a Nepalese athlete set to represent Nepal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36518462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518462" title="Chinese Venezuelan">
Chinese Venezuelan

Chinese Venezuelans () are people of Chinese ancestry who were born in or have immigrated to Venezuela. The country is home to nearly 400,000 Chinese. Almost all their businesses are related to the culinary field. Chinese restaurants in Venezuela are very affluent, mainly due to Venezuelans taste for Cantonese food.
Venezuela is also home to one of Latin America's largest concentrations of ethnic Chinese. The city of Valencia is home of the major Chinese community and hosts various markets devoted to Chinese culture including smoked ducks and authentic pottery. A local newspaper is also edited in Chinese. A lively "barrio chino" can also be found on Avenida Principal El Bosque in the El Bosque district of Caracas. While there are Chinatowns in the major cities throughout Venezuela, they are non-descript and in non-touristic parts of town.
Chinese immigration came mostly in two waves, the first beginning in 1847 and consisting of mainly Cantonese immigrants , and the second one beginning in the 40's and 50's and reaching a peak in the mid 70's in connection with the oil boom. Although several thousand resided in the country, the Chinese were still largely viewed as a foreign population that married foreign brides but seldom integrated into Venezuelan society.
Cantonese is widely spoken among Chinese Venezuelans, especially the variety commonly known as Hoisan or Toisan, but there has been recent Taiwanese immigration, adding to the linguistic and cultural diversity. The largest group of Han Chinese in Venezuela are from Enping. Enping speaks Cantonese in the Enping dialect. Chinese from other places of the world also settled in Venezuela, especially from the Philippines, where they experienced persecution in the 1970s under Ferdinand Marcos, and Cuba, where Fidel Castro's Communist Revolution seized their businesses.

</doc>
<doc id="36518464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518464" title="Roorkee Adventist College">
Roorkee Adventist College

History.
Seventh-day Adventist Inter College, Roorkee was founded in 1927 by F. H. Loasby as a pioneer missionary school. It was later operated as a training school for mission workers in the North-Western Union. Gradual growth followed and the curriculum was expanded to meet the demands of the growing number of students from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh. In 1942, under Pastor E. R. Streeter, it was recognized by the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists and Southern Asia Division as a Division Co-Educational School.
In 1961, the school was recognized by the Uttar Pradesh State Education Department as a Junior High School. Under the leadership of Dr. E. A. Streeter, the School was further upgraded into High School (Std I-X).
In 1971, the Institution was affiliated to the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examination, New Delhi, offering the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) in the 10th year and Indian School Certificate (ISC) in the 12th year. In 1989 under the leadership of Dr. Edwin R. Dass the school was upgraded to become an Inter College. 
In 2001, the Adventist Accrediting Association permitted the upgrading of the college into an institution of higher learning as Roorkee Adventist Community College. In 2003, the College, rechristened itself to be called “Roorkee Adventist College” started offering degree programs in Computer Science, Science, Management, Information Technology and Commerce from the Hemwati Nandan Bahuguna Garhwal University, Srinagar, Uttarakhand.
Degree Courses.
The college offers quality education in the following courses

</doc>
<doc id="36518541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518541" title="Sneh Rana">
Sneh Rana

Sneh Rana (29 May 1993) is a Nepalese sports shooter who competed for her country in the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36518547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518547" title="Dennis Lake">
Dennis Lake

Dennis M. Lake (born October 5, 1937 in Rigby, Idaho) is a Republican Idaho State Representative since 2003 representing District 28 in the A seat. Lake served consecutively in the Idaho House of Representatives from 1997 until 2002 when the seat was in District 31. Lake announced February 27, 2012, that he was retiring from the legislature.
Education.
Lake graduated from Rigby High School and earned his bachelor's degree from Brigham Young University.

</doc>
<doc id="36518587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518587" title="Yun Im">
Yun Im

General Yun Im (1487-August 30, 1545) was a politician and soldier of the Korean Joseon Dynasty. He was from an aristocratic family in the Papyung Yun clan (파평윤씨, 波平尹氏), and related through his mother to the Royal Family. He was the brother of Queen Janggyung, the uncle of 12th King Injong. and the nephew of Park Won-jong title of Count Paeun.(파은군, 波恩君)

</doc>
<doc id="36518605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518605" title="Shreya Dhital">
Shreya Dhital

Shreya Dhital (born 12 April 1995) is a Nepalese swimmer who represented Nepal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Shreya Dhital has grabbed 13 medals, including 11 golds in the 11th Galaxy Cup Swimming Championship. In the 200m open girl’s medley, Dhital clocked 3.16.35 mins, in 50m freestyle she had 33.28 secs and 41.85 secs in backstroke. She also competed in the 2009 and 2011 World Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36518628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518628" title="American Idol Season 11 Duets and Trios Highlights">
American Idol Season 11 Duets and Trios Highlights

American Idol Season 11 Duets and Trios Highlights is a compilation album by Top 6 finalists of "American Idol". The album was released exclusively through Walmart and consists of a few studio recordings made by the finalists during season 11 of "American Idol". It includes four studio recordings of duets and one studio recording of trios. As of July 2012, it has sold 3,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36518631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518631" title="Wie's Bang">
Wie's Bang

Wie's Bang is Van Coke Kartel's fourth Studio album. It was Released in November 2011, and recorded at Bellville Studios near Cape Town.

</doc>
<doc id="36518667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518667" title="Mark Gavin">
Mark Gavin

Mark Wilson Gavin (born 10 December 1963 in Baillieston, Scotland) is a former Scottish footballer who played as a winger. He made over 290 Football League appearances in the years 1980's and 1990s after the Second World War.
Career.
Mark Gavin played his youth football with Leeds United. Gavin signed professional for Leeds United in December 1981. While at Leeds United Gavin had a short loan spell with Hartlepool United in 1985. Gavin moved from Leeds United to Carlisle United in July 1985. Gavin joined Bolton Wanderers from Carlisle United in March 1986. Gavin played in the Freight Rover Trophy final for Bolton Wanderers against Bristol City in May 1986. Gavin moved from Bolton Wanderers to Rochdale in August 1987. Gavin moved briefly to Scotland with Hearts and played in the Scottish League.
Bristol City manager Joe Jordan signed Gavin for £35,000 from Hearts in October 1988. Gavin moved from Bristol City to Watford when he was swapped with Wayne Allison in August 1990. Jimmy Lumsden brought Gavin back from Watford in December 1991 for £60,000 to Bristol City. Terry Cooper signed Gavin for Exeter City from Bristol City in February 1994. Gavin moved from Exeter City to Scunthorpe United in August 1996. Gavin rejoined Hartlepool United in July 1997 for a second spell. Gavin ended his playing career with a spell back in Scotland during 1997–98 with Greenock Morton.

</doc>
<doc id="36518683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518683" title="List of Panthéon-Assas University people">
List of Panthéon-Assas University people

This is a list of notable persons who have had ties to Panthéon-Assas University.

</doc>
<doc id="36518693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518693" title="Akuffo">
Akuffo

Akuffo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36518701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518701" title="Lucía Castañeda">
Lucía Castañeda

Lucía Castañeda Gomez (born 8 July 1981) is a weightlifter who competed for Nicaragua at the 2012 Summer Olympics in Women's 63kg She would rank 9th in the event.

</doc>
<doc id="36518711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518711" title="Albert House">
Albert House

Albert Phillip House (1890 – 29 May 1966) was a New Zealand rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1900s and '10s, and rugby league referee of the 1910s and '20s. He played representative level rugby union for Wellington, and representative level rugby league for New Zealand (#35), and Wellington, and at club level for Petone, as a , or , i.e. number 1, or 6.
Playing career.
House originally played rugby union, representing Wellington.
In 1908 House switched to rugby league, playing for Wellington in the first provincial matches, against Auckland.
House won caps for New Zealand in the 1909 tour of Australia, playing , and scoring two conversions in New Zealand's 19–11 victory over Australia at Royal Agricultural Society Showground, Sydney on Saturday 12 June 1909, playing in the 10–5 defeat by Australia at Brisbane Exhibition Ground, Brisbane on Saturday 26 June 1909, and playing (George Spencer playing ) in the 5–25 defeat by Australia at Royal Agricultural Society Showground, Sydney on Saturday 3 July 1909.
In 1912 House was part of the Petone side in the inaugural Wellington Rugby League competition. Petone were the first winners of the Siegal Cup.
House played , i.e. number 4 in Wellington's 33–18 victory over Auckland during the 1913 New Zealand rugby league season Inter-district competition on Saturday 27 September 1913, this would be Wellington's last victory against Auckland until 1988.He again played for New Zealand, against New South Wales, that year.
Refereeing career.
House later became a rugby league referee. In 1919 he became the first, of only four Kiwis test players, to referee a test match when the Kiwis played Australia at the Basin Reserve.
Death.
House died in 1966 and was buried at Karori Cemetery in Wellington.
Honoured at Petone Panthers.
House was named as the in the Petone Panthers' Team of the Century in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36518713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518713" title="Part of the Search">
Part of the Search

Part of the Search is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1973 (with one track from a 1971 recording session) and released on the Atlantic label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with the review by Scott Yanow calling it, "one of his better efforts from the era".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Yusef Lateef except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36518731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518731" title="Battle of Escamela">
Battle of Escamela

The Battle of Zitlala was a battle of the War of Mexican Independence that occurred on 26 October, 1812 in the area around Escamela, Ixtaczoquitlán, Veracruz. The battle was fought between the royalist forces loyal to the Spanish crown, and the Mexican rebels fighting for independence from the Spanish Empire. The battle resulted in a victory for the Mexican rebels.
The Battle.
The insurgents, under the command of José María Morelos y Pavón, clashed with Spanish loyalist forces under the command of General Luis del Águila y Andrade. The Spanish troops were made up of peninsulares and loyalists from Nueva Espana. The battle served as a precursor in the broader goal of the Capture of Orizaba later in 1812. The battle resulted in a Mexican rebel victory and an exit of royalist forces from Ixtaczoquitlán.

</doc>
<doc id="36518735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518735" title="Marina Salandy-Brown">
Marina Salandy-Brown

Marina Salandy-Brown FRSA is a Trinidadian journalist, broadcaster and cultural activist. She was formerly an editor and Senior Manager in Radio and News and Current Affairs programmes with the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) in London, one of the BBC's few top executives from an ethnic minority background. She is the founder and director of the NGC Bocas Lit Fest, held annually in Trinidad and Tobago, "the biggest literary festival in the Anglophone Caribbean", and of the OCM Bocas Prize for Caribbean Literature. She is also co-founder of the Hollick Arvon Caribbean Writers Prize.
Biography.
She was born Marina Salandy in Diego Martin, Trinidad - she has said, "all Salandys apparently started there, but I come from everywhere in Trinidad. Although I was a town girl, my father ran government experimental (agricultural) stations and we were lucky enough to also live all over rural Trinidad. I lived in Maracas, St Joseph, when you had to go down into the river five times before getting to our house at the end of the road. When we lived in Matelot, the road wasn’t properly paved." She attended the government secondary school in Diego Martin.
Career in Britain.
At the age of 17 Salandy-Brown left Trinidad and went to Britain to university. In London, she began her working life in publishing as an editor with the Melrose Press, after which she was for over twenty years an editor and senior manager in Radio and News and Current Affairs programmes with the BBC, until her return to Trinidad in 2004.
Among the award-winning BBC radio programmes she produced was BBC Radio 4's "Start the Week", presented by Melvyn Bragg, who has recalled the beginning of their successful long-term collaboration thus: “I met this producer Marina Salandy-Brown and neither she nor I wanted to go on doing the same "Start the Week". I remember we had lunch together – and I said, ‘Well, if I’m going to go on I want to do this sort of stuff,’ And she said, ‘So do I’ – or she said it first and I agreed…. And then we just conscientiously, steadily put that into operation and changed the programme.” In their new styling of that bedrock programme, "The producer, Marina Salandy-Brown, and I introduced scientists, historians and philosophers on to that Monday morning slot, and changed the nature of the programme. A change which I am glad that my successor Jeremy Paxman and his successor Andrew Marr have kept."
As Home Editor of BBC Radio 5 Live, Salandy-Brown was concerned with implementing a diversity policy, arguing in 2002 that "there is no point having diverse people if you don’t allow them to be diverse". She has explained the context thus: "When I joined the BBC in 1984 there were no people of colour working in radio production in the four national domestic services, except one producer from India... On BBC TV there was one Caribbean woman news presenter, Moira Stuart... I was determined not to be the first and last Caribbean person to be a BBC radio producer. I immediately started making programmes about people whose voices were never heard by the British public.
I made programmes that promoted Caribbean and developing country cultures, politics and people... The programmes won prizes and proved that there was a world of stories out there to be told and that all people could be included in the BBC without outraging the British public. They just had to be the very best in quality. I was able to recruit researchers and producers of non-European origin to my production teams... I also introduced new non-European presenters and subjects to the airwaves. My success paved the way for others to follow as staff members and as presenters...
...And, even when the argument was won over hiring a work force that represented the population, myopic editors would often pigeon-hole non-white producers and presenters."
Salandy-Brown was a governor of the University of Westminster, a member of the Arts Council Literature panel, and a former trustee of the Koestler Awards to support and fund Arts in prisons in the UK. She is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts (FRSA).
Return to Trinidad.
Returning to Trinidad in 2004 to be with her mother, Salandy-Brown has since 2005 contributed a weekly commentary column to the "Trinidad and Tobago Newsday". She is a consultant to the Trinidad & Tobago Film Company and was formerly Executive Director of the Trinidad and Tobago Film Festival. She also works across the Caribbean as a media consultant. She was a contributor to the book "Caribbean Dispatches - Beyond the Tourist Dream", compiled and edited by Jane Bryce.
Salandy-Brown has spoken of her realisation after returning to Trinidad that locally "There was no place for people who read to get together, in a forum to talk about books and there were so many Caribbean writers abroad who had not been to other islands — something was missing." As she stated in 2011: "In Britain there are a hundred and how many literary festivals. Little Dominica, which is so poor and so tiny, has a literary festival. Jamaica had one for 10 years, the Calabash. I think Antigua has one. Why didn't we have one, when we've produced so many great writers? Sam Selvon and these people really made an impact on the world stage. Earl Lovelace is treasured, but not treasured enough, because we don’t have prizes. There’s been no accolade of Earl’s writing since the 1970s. It’s important to reward creative effort! We created a literary festival but we also created an international prize for Caribbean writing." So she and a group of like-minded people launched the Bocas Lit Fest in April 2011, together with the Bocas Prize for Caribbean Literature.
Awards and recognition.
In 1988 Salandy-Brown won the Sony Silver Award for Most Creative Use of Radio, and 1994 she was named Radio Journalist of the Year. She also won Programme of the Year, UK Television and Radio Industries Club, in 1990, and a Sony Gold Award, Best News Programme in 2000 for BBC Radio.
In 1992, she won the New York Festivals Award, Silver.
In 2005, she was awarded an honorary doctorate (DLitt) by the University of Westminster.
In 2012, she was recognised by for her achievements in the Arts in the UK during the last 50 years with an award at the Trinidad and Tobago Independence Jubilee celebrations.
In 2013, she was among six persons to be conferred with honorary doctorates from the University of the West Indies, St Augustine, when in October the Chancellor George A. O. Alleyne presented her with the Doctor of Letters (DLitt), Honoris Causa of the UWI.

</doc>
<doc id="36518747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518747" title="2003–04 Valencia CF season">
2003–04 Valencia CF season

During the 2003–04 Spanish football season, Valencia CF won the double of La Liga and the UEFA Cup. At the end of the season, manager Rafael Benítez left to manage English side Liverpool and was succeeded by former Chelsea manager Claudio Ranieri.
The 2002-03 season had been disappointing, as Valencia had failed to retain its La Liga title, and while it made it to the quarterfinals of the UEFA Champions League, its 5th place league finish also relegated it to the UEFA Cup for the upcoming season.

</doc>
<doc id="36518761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518761" title="Mr Floppy">
Mr Floppy

Mr Floppy was an Australian alternative rock, punk rock and oi! band formed in 1989 by Tim Aylward on guitar (ex-The Swarm), Mick Carroll on guitar and Paul Johnson on bass guitar and vocals. They issued three studio albums on Zombie Penis Death Records, which were distributed by Waterfront Records, "Breakfast" (1991), "Gratuitous" (1992) and "The Unbearable Lightness of Being a Dickhead" (1993). They enjoyed a cult following, however the band broke up in 1997. They were compared to TISM throughout their career, with some people actually claiming Mr Floppy were a TISM side project, although the band members hated such comparisons.
Band history.
Mr Floppy was formed in Ascot Vale, a suburb of Melbourne, in 1989 by Tim Aylward on guitar (ex-The Swarm); Mick Carroll (aka Michael Kuarroll) on guitar; and Paul Johnson on bass guitar and lead vocals (ex-The Down & Out). The band's name comes the fourth and final series of the BBC sitcom "Blackadder", "Blackadder Goes Forth", "Mr Floppy" being one the Trinity College Tiddlywinkers mentioned by Lt George. They set up their own label, Zombie Penis Death, which was distributed by Waterfront Records.
Their debut single, "100,000 Morrisseys", appeared in 1990, which was written by Aylward and Johnson. The lyrics deal with English rock group The Smiths' front man, Morrissey. The single received many negative reviews but was played on John Peel's radio show. It uses a sample of the beginning of "This Charming Man" and samples other Smiths' songs (including "William, It Was Really Nothing" and "Accept Yourself") throughout the track. It was seen by Jason Heller of The A.V. Club as an anti-Morrisey song where the lyrics ask listeners to "imagine a nightmarish apocalypse where the fearful question on humanity’s lips is 'What shall we do? / What shall we do? / When 100,000 Morrisseys come marching over the hill?'".
Late in 1990 they issued a six-track extended play, "Firm and Fruity", which had been recorded in that October at Whirled Records Studios. For a "Firm and Fruity" track, "Stir Fry Baby", Australian blues musician, Chris Wilson, guested on harmonica. Late in 1991 Mr Floppy released their debut studio album, "Breakfast", which included three cover versions of Australian Crawl's 1983 single, "Reckless" written by James Reyne, parodied as "Breakfast". Also included was the entire contents of "Firm and Fruity". "Breakfast" peaked at No. 5 on the 2XX Independent Chart in March 1992.
In 1992 Mr Floppy issued a seven-track album, "Gratuitous". In April that year the group supported a gig by pub rockers, v. Spy v. Spy and Canadian folk-rockers, Crash Test Dummies. This turned out to be their last release on Waterfront - they left the label shortly after and got a distribution deal with Mushroom Distribution Services.
In July 1993 the band released their third and final album, "The Unbearable Lightness of Being a Dickhead", which included two cover versions of Kate Bush's "Wuthering Heights". The track "Boring Fart" from this album was used by Silverchair to open up their first tours in the mid-1990s.
The band stopped playing gigs in 1994 and did not release anything afterward. By 1997, the band had split up.
In November 2008 The Dwarf website's Matt James reviewed an EP by Melbourne band Root!, "Get Up Yourself" (August 2008), and noted the influence of Mr Floppy on TISM and Root!: "hatever this kind of music is – I'm gonna go with pop-schlock for now–is very much the wry Melbourne type that seems to have evolved from the oval ball park of Mr Floppy (punk rock), to TISM (dance punk), through to the 5-piece of Root! (roots punk?)".
Release details.
"100 000 Morrisseys".
"100 000 Morrisseys" is the debut single by Mr Floppy. It was written by Tim Aylward and Paul Johnson. It was recorded in 1989 and released in 1990 on the Zombie Penis Death label. The single was produced by Keith Baxter and got negative reviews but was played on John Peel's radio show. It uses a sample of the beginning of "This Charming Man" and samples other Smiths songs throughout the track. The B-side is a 2-minute instrumental (except for the chorus). In 1992, it was released on the album "Gratuitous" in a re-recorded version in which the vocals were rapped.
"Breakfast".
"Breakfast" is the first album by Mr Floppy. It was released in 1991 and contains the "Firm and Fruity" tracks plus three versions of a previously unreleased track, "Breakfast" (a parody of the Australian Crawl song "Reckless").
The back of the CD's booklet contains a reproduction of the "Firm and Fruity" front cover.
"Gratuitous".
"Gratuitous" is the second album by the band. It was released in 1992, and features a re-recording of "100 000 Morrisseys" in a rap rock-style, and a cover of the Yugoslavian beer drinking song, "The Tree in the Wood".
"The Unbearable Lightness of Being a Dickhead".
Released in 1993, "The Unbearable Lightness of Being a Dickhead" is the third and final album by Mr Floppy. The album contained two covers of "Wuthering Heights", originally by Kate Bush. 
Track 8 is a sample from a porn film, with the stereo channels in inverse directions. Track 16 is an instrumental version of Wuthering Heights with no guitars, bass or drums. Track 20 is a minute of silence followed by someone saying "Floppy Floop". "Boring Fart" has the mantra "Om mani padme hum" chanted throughout.

</doc>
<doc id="36518769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518769" title="Özlü">
Özlü

Özlü is a village in Mut district of Mersin Province, Turkey. The village at is situated to the south of Magras mountain ( a part of Toros Mountains) where Mut Wind Farm is located. Distance to Mut is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 248. as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36518780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518780" title="Katarzyna Pawłowska">
Katarzyna Pawłowska

Katarzyna Pawłowska (born 16 August 1989) is a Polish road racing and track cyclist. She won the women's scratch race at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in 2012 and 2013, and competed for her country in the road race at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing eleventh.

</doc>
<doc id="36518792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518792" title="Horizon Field Hamburg">
Horizon Field Hamburg

Horizon Field Hamburg, a large-scale art installation by British sculptor Antony Gormley, consisted of a 25 m by 50 m platform suspended by steel cables 7.5 m above the ground in the 3800 m² "Hall for Contemporary Art" of the Deichtorhallen in Hamburg. It was constructed from a steel-and-wood understructure covered by a highly polished black epoxy resin surface. The construction had a total weight of about 60 tons, using 40 tons of steel. 
It took two years of planning, and was erected in one month.
The installation was created for the occasion of the documenta 2012 exhibition, and opened to the public on 27 April 2012. Entry was free, but the number of visitors on the platform at any one time was limited to 100. Visitors were invited to take off their shoes, ascend to the platform, and experience time on the freely but nearly imperceptibly swinging construction. The mirror-finish surface showed reflections of the visitors, the steel frame architecture of the hall, and the cityscape beyond the large windows of the hall. 
The exhibition was originally scheduled to close on 9 September, but was extended for one week and finally closed on 16 September 2012. The field was lowered and dismantled after the exhibition.
Disassembly took only a little more than a week. Most of the material was to be recycled, but 50 squares cut from the epoxy surface were offered to the public at a price of EUR 250 per piece.
The installation was seen by more than 42500 visitors in the first six weeks, and by approximately 120000 visitors in total. 
This makes it the most successful exhibition at the Deichtorhallen so far, significantly surpassing the number of 80000 visitors for the previous record holder, a Roy Lichtenstein exhibition in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="36518804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518804" title="Pushkinskiye Gory">
Pushkinskiye Gory

Pushkinskiye Gory () is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Pushkinogorsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia. Municipally, it is incorporated as Pushkinogorye Urban Settlement, the only urban settlement in the district. Population: 
History.
In 1569, Tsar Ivan the Terrible ordered to found the Svyatogorsky Monastery. The monastery was located close to the fortress of Voronich, which was protecting Pskov from the south and was later destroyed during the Livonian War. The settlement around the monastery was known as Tobolenets. In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, the area was included into Ingermanland Governorate (known since 1710 as Saint Petersburg Governorate). In 1727, separate Novgorod Governorate was split off, and in 1772, Pskov Governorate (which between 1777 and 1796 existed as Pskov Viceroyalty) was established. The area was a part of Opochetsky Uyezd of Pskov Governorate. In 1925, Tobolenets was renamed Pushkinskiye Gory.
On August 1, 1927, the uyezds were abolished, and Pushkinsky District was established, with the administrative center in the "selo" of Pushkinskiye Gory. It included parts of former Opochetsky Uyezd. The governorates were abolished as well, and the district became a part of Pskov Okrug of Leningrad Oblast. On July 23, 1930, the okrugs were also abolished, and the districts were directly subordinated to the oblast. On January 1, 1932 parts of abolished Krasnogorodsky District were merged into Pushkinsky District. On January 29, 1935 the district was transferred to Kalinin Oblast, and on February 5 Pushkinsky District became a part of Velikiye Luki Okrug of Kalinin Oblast, one of the okrugs abutting the state boundaries of the Soviet Union. On May 11, 1937 the district was transferred to Opochka Okrug and renamed Pushkinogorsky District. On February 5, 1941 the okrug was abolished. Between July 1941 and July 1944, Pushkinskiye Gory was occupied by German troops. On August 23, 1944, the district was transferred to newly established Pskov Oblast. On February  29, 1960 Pushkinskiye Gory was granted urban-type settlement status.
On February 1, 1963 the district was abolished and split between Novorzhevsky and Opochetsky District as a part of abortive Khrushchev's administrative reform. On December 30, 1966, it was re-established.
Economy.
Industry.
In Pushkinskiye Gory, there are enterprises of food and timber industry.
Transportation.
Pushkinskiye Gory is located on the highway between Novgorodka and Novorzhev. In Novgorodka, it has access to the M20 highway which connects St. Petersburg and Vitebsk via Pskov. There are also local roads.
Culture and recreation.
Pushkinskiye Gory contains ten cultural heritage monuments of federal significance and additionally six objects classified as cultural and historical heritage of local significance. The federally protected monuments are grouped in and around the Mikhaylovskoye Museum Reserve, a large museum complex located in Pushkinskiye Gory and the surrounding villages. The complex is devoted to Alexander Pushkin, a Russian 19th century national poet, who owned an estate in the village of Mikhaylovskoye and spent there considerable periods of his life. In particular, the buildings of Svyatogorsky Monastery with the tomb of Pushkin is located in Pushkinskiye Gory.

</doc>
<doc id="36518814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518814" title="American Idol Season 11 Top 10 Highlights">
American Idol Season 11 Top 10 Highlights

American Idol Season 11 Top 10 Highlights is a compilation album released on July 7, 2012. The album was released exclusively through Walmart and contains one cover song from each of the top 10 finalists during season 11 of the television show "American Idol". As of July 2012, it has sold 4,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="36518828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518828" title="TAF protein">
TAF protein

In molecular biology, TAF refers to a protein named the TATA box binding protein associated factor. TAF is part of the transcription initiation factor TFIID multimeric protein complex, or in simpler terms, the Pre-initiation complex (PIC). TAF forms part of Transcription factor II D (TFIID) and the TATA-binding protein (TBP). They mediate transcription of DNA to RNA by RNA PolymeraseRNA polymerase II. This entry discusses the N-terminal domain in particular.
TFIID.
TFIID plays a central role in mediating promoter responses to various activators and repressors. It binds tightly to TAFII-250 and directly interacts with TAFII-40. TFIID is composed of TATA binding protein (TBP)and a number of TBP-associated factors (TAFS). TAF proteins adopt a histone-like fold.
TAF function.
There are several function of TAF in its role as part of the TFIID complex, their function is to interact with the following
Due to such interactions, they therefore contribute transcription activation and to promoter selectivity.
TAF structure.
The N-terminal domain of TAF has a histone-like protein fold. It contains two short alpha helices and a long central alpha helix.

</doc>
<doc id="36518839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518839" title="Flaiz Adventist College">
Flaiz Adventist College

History.
Established in 1921, Flaiz School evolved into a Degree College, affiliated the removed into a University in the year 2000. Owned and run by the seventh Day Adventist Organization, Fliaz Adventist College has been catering to the needs of students ever since its inception.
Campus.
Flaiz Adventist College is a 25 acre campus located just 3 km away from Narsapur Town
Degree Courses.
The college offers quality education in the following courses

</doc>
<doc id="36518887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518887" title="Charles Whetham">
Charles Whetham

Sir Charles Whetham (1812 - 4 September 1885) was a businessman and politician who served as Lord Mayor of London in 1878-1879.
A native of Bridport, Dorset, Whetham became a partner in the firm of S Whetham & Sons, flax and hemp manufacturers. The company had offices in Gracechurch Street in the City of London, and Whetham moved to the capital, where he became involved in the local politics of the City. In 1843 he was elected to the Common Council as a representative of Bridge Ward. He became deputy of the ward in 1865 and became an alderman in 1871. He served as Sheriff of London and Middlesex in 1873 - 1874, during which term he was knighted. He was Master of the Worshipful Company of Leathersellers in 1873 - 1874.
He was Lord Mayor of London in 1878-1879.
A member of the Conservative Party, Whetham made one attempt to enter parliament when he contested his native constituency of Bridport at the 1875 general election, but failed to be elected.
Whetham represented the City on the Metropolitan Board of Works in 1883 - 1884. He was also a member oif the Thames Conservancy Board 1883 - 1885 and Chairman of the London and Blackwall Railway Company 1870 - 1885.
Whetham married Sophia Maria Langley, and the couple had eight children. He died at his residence in Gordon Square after a long illness in 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="36518891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518891" title="List of Presidents of the Balearic Islands Parliament">
List of Presidents of the Balearic Islands Parliament

The President of the Balearic Island Parliament is the presiding officer of that legislature.
Asamblea de Parliamentarios de las Illes Balears (pre-autonomy)
Consell General Interinsular (pre-autonomy)
Parlamento de las Islas Baleares (autonomy)

</doc>
<doc id="36518920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36518920" title="Parish family book">
Parish family book

The parish family book (, meaning "State of Souls") is a register of people living in a parish and of events related to them. It is particularly characteristic of the Roman Catholic Church. The parish family books were prescribed in the "Rituale Romanum" published in 1614 by Pope Paul V. At first, they only contained data about sacraments received, religious knowledge, and religious affiliation. In the 18th century other data were added such as house numbers and ages. The parish family books were maintained by parish priests. They were most precise in villages because the population was more stable there than in cities.

</doc>
<doc id="36519024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519024" title="2001 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II – Pool C">
2001 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II – Pool C

Group C of the 2001 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II is one of four pools in the Europe/Africa zone of the 2001 Fed Cup. Five teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team advancing to Group I for 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36519041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519041" title="Alberton, Queensland">
Alberton, Queensland

Alberton is a locality in the City of Gold Coast in Queensland, Australia. According to the 2011 census it had a population of 576. It is bounded in the north by the Logan River and in the west by its tributary, the Albert River.
History.
The Aboriginal name for the area was "Wobbomerijee" (where "Wobum" means "mud" and "Mudtheri" means "sticky"). 
European settlement began in 1863 when the first settlers arrived, mostly German immigrants. A town reserve was established in 1865 on the souther bank near the junction of the Logan and Albert Rivers.
In 1869, the first Lutheran church was established near the Lutheran cemetery on Zipfs Road. The area was known as "Elkana" (meaning "God has created and blessed"). Later the area was called Alberton after Prince Albert, consort to Queen Victoria, but the name "Elkana" is preserved in Elkana Road.
In 1870 a ferry service across the river was introduced with the first bridge being built in 1876 at Yatala.
A German school was established early in the 1870s beside the church. The Alberton Provisional School opened on 13 May 1876 with children attending German school on only one day a week. On 13 October 1884 the provisional school became the Alberton State School.
In 1886, a new larger Lutheran church (the present St Peter's at 187 Alberton Road) was built. It was consecrated in 1887 by Rev Hellmuth.
The Gem Hotel was established prior to 1911, but it was destroyed by fire on 27 June 1933 but fortunately was insured. By December 1933, the hotel had been rebuilt and is still operating at April 2014 on the corner of Stapylton-Jacobs Well Road and Rotary Park Road. 
The German school was demolished in 1919. The Alberton State School closed in 1966.
Economy.
Alberton is primarily a rural area with sugar cane plantations and prawn farms.

</doc>
<doc id="36519066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519066" title="Bonogin, Queensland">
Bonogin, Queensland

Bonogin is a hinterland locality of Gold Coast City in South East Queensland, Australia. According to the 2011 census it had a population of 4,182. It is on the edge of the Gold Coast hinterland. It is about away from Brisbane.
History.
The origin of name is not known, but it is speculated that it is derived from the Aboriginal word "Boonoo" meaning "red bloodwood". 
European settlement commenced in the 1870s. The early industries were timber cutting and dairying. Later bananas were grown.
Approval was given to establish a school in 1913. However, it closed before 1924 and its building was relocated to Wanburra in 1934.
In the 1980s, some of the farms were subdivided to form acreage residential developments.
Bonogin Creek.
Part of the City of Gold Coasts Beaches to Bushland volunteer restoration program includes Bonogin Creek. The primary tributary of the creek begins in the Gold Coast hinterland. A hinterland regional park bushcare group was established in 1999 to address conservation of local plant species and also atemptt to restore natural habitat of the creek. Davenport Park is a suburban park running along a lower point of the creek, within suburban Bonogin. In 2013 Bonogin Valley bushcare group formed to help with restoration of the park and creek area. 

</doc>
<doc id="36519078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519078" title="Basque Auxiliary Navy">
Basque Auxiliary Navy

The Basque Auxiliary Navy (, ) was a section of the Spanish Republican Navy operating in the Bay of Biscay between 1936 and 1937. It began operations in October 1936 at the behest of the Basque Government. The main Basque naval base was at Portugalete.
History.
During the Spanish Civil War, the Second Spanish Republic had allowed an autonomous government in those Basque areas of Spain that had not been taken by the Nationalist faction, like Biscay and parts of Guipuscoa.
The coast of Galicia, along with the Ferrol naval headquarters, became part of rebel-held territory early in the Spanish Civil War. When the Republican Navy became mainly confined to the Mediterranean Sea, after the failure of the blockade of the Gibraltar Strait, its operations in the Bay of Biscay were taken over by the Basque Auxiliary Navy.
Basque Auxiliary Navy ships engaged mainly in minesweeping operations. They also played a key role in the evacuation of civilians who fled as the rebel armies advanced from coastal cities such as Gijón and Santander.
The first naval action against Francoist forces took place on 15 November 1936, when the rebel destroyer "Velasco" attempted to intercept the armed trawlers "Gipuzkoa" and "Bizcaia" (still under their peace-time names of "Mistral" and "Euzkal-Erría"). The trawlers were steaming for Biarritz, France to escort a freighter when they were spotted by the warship 40 miles off Pasaia. In the ensuing battle, the "Velasco" was hit and limped away, while the "Gipuzkoa" received some damaged on her forecastle, with two seamen wounded.
There was another encounter with the "Velasco" on 8 January 1937, when the rebel destroyer was laying down mines along with the auxiliary minelayer "Genoveva Fierro" off Portugalete. After a brief exchange of fire, the Nationalist warships withdrew without accomplishing their mission. The Francoist navy, however, didn't give up and nine days later they set up a minefield successfully. On 17 January the Basque armed trawler "Goizeko Izarra" struck one of the mines and sank with all her crew of 17 aboard. The following day, while clearing the minefield, the minesweeper "Mari-Toya" hit another mine and also sank; six men of her crew were lost. Two days later, after the intense work of other minesweepers, the area was declared safe. In February and April, the Nationalist navy laid down two new minefields off Bilbao, but the Basque navy neutralized the devices. The minesweepers disabled more than 200 naval mines during the campaign.
The Basque auxiliary navy became a player in a series of conflicts between the Spanish Republic and Nazi Germany, when in December 1936 the German freighters "Pluto" and "Palos" were captured by the armed trawler "Bizcaia". "Pluto" was releasead, but the "Palos", which was carrying military supplies to the rebels, was taken to Bilbao, where her cargo was confiscated.
The largest engagement involving the Basque navy was the Battle of Cape Machichaco, on 5 March 1937, when four naval trawlers escorting the transport ship "Galdames", "Bizcaia", "Gipuzkoa", "Donostia" and "Nabarra", tried to lure the rebel heavy cruiser to a point within firing range of the coastal batteries. The operation was unsuccessful, ending with the sinking of "Nabarra", the "Gipuzkoa" with her bridge shot way, and the other two trawlers scattered. The transport was eventually captured by "Canarias". "Gipuzkoa" finally arrived at Portugalete in flames and "Bizcaia" headed for Bermeo, where she met the Estonian merchantman "Yorbrook", previously captured by the "Canarias", and forced her to make port. "Donostia" sought shelter in France.
On 1 May 1937, "Donostia", "Bizcaia" and "Gipuzkoa" shelled the port of Bermeo, which had fallen to Italian Fascist troops the day before.
The Basque Auxiliary Navy was still operational after the fall of Bilbao in June 1937, moving away from Basque waters and setting its base in Santoña and Santander. Later, as the republic also lost those harbors, they operated in Asturias, the last Republican province in North-West Spain. Finally, following the occupation of Asturias by the Francoist armies in October 1937, the Basque Auxiliary Navy ceased its operations. Some Basque sailors became prisoners, but most of them were able to reach France.
Naval units of the Basque Auxiliary Navy.
Naval Trawlers.
The naval trawlers were usually cod fishing vessels, known in Spanish as "bous", fitted with pieces of artillery. The "Donostia" was the former Nationalist unit "Virgen del Carmen", which changed sides after being captured and diverted to Bilbao by some members of her own crew on 6 December 1936.

</doc>
<doc id="36519079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519079" title="Lost on Journey">
Lost on Journey

Lost on Journey () is a Chinese comedy film released in 2010. Directed by Raymond Yip and starring Xu Zheng and Wang Baoqiang. This film depicts an amusing yet realistic portrayal of the issues prevalent in the Chinese society, especially during Chun Yun. During the Spring Festival, transportation is a serious problem in mainland China as everyone wants to reunite with their family for the Chinese New Year celebrations.
The film is followed by "Lost in Thailand", which also stars Xu Zheng and Wang Baoqiang and was directed and written by Xu himself.
Plot.
Li Chenggong Xu Zheng is a wealthy and arrogant businessman who treats his employees poorly and has a secret mistress, Manni Li Man. Although his mistress wants him to spend Chinese New Year with her in Shijiazhuang, Hebei province, Li feels obligated to return to his hometown Changsha to celebrate Chinese New Year with his wife Meili (Zuo Xiaoqing), daughter, and mother. Arriving at the crowded airport, Li finds he has been mistakenly booked in the economy class and sits next to the first-time flyer Niu Geng Wang Baoqiang, who is a naïve and gullible migrant worker. Niu is also setting out to Changsha to claim his defaulted wages as a milk extraction technician.
As Li and Geng’s lives crosses paths, the two embark in a chaotic journey together. The duo experiences a seemingly never-ending streak of bad luck as they try to make their way to Changsha.
After the airplane takes off, the Changsha airport experiences a heavy snowstorm so their flight is cancelled and they are forced to turn back. Li then manages to acquire a train ticket from a tout. On board, he realizes the ticket he purchased was a counterfeit, which just happens to be the same seat that Niu bought. As some train tracks collapsed due to a landslide, the two leave the train and attempt to take the bus.
When they are about to get on the bus to Changsha, Niu is touched by a female beggar (Zhang Xinyi) and wants to give her money. Li discourages Niu from doing so and calls him an idiot for believing in the lies of the beggar. Niu still ends up giving her money, but the beggar does not return.
The closing of a bridge spanning over the Yangtze River causes them to stop at Wuhan where they spot the beggar. The two go on a fanatic chase to pin down the scam artist. The chase leads them into a peaceful complex and Li goes into the room full of children quietly drawing. The beggar was a teacher who took care of these children and needed money to pay for an operation for a blind child. The duo is touched and gives her all their money.
Continuing on their farcical adventure, Niu convinces Li to buy a lottery ticket. To their surprise, they win the first prize, which is a car. They decide to drive the car to Changsha. Suffering from a lack of sleep, Li decides to let Niu drive temporarily. However, Niu falls asleep and drives the car into a ditch. The two frantically jumps out of the car in anticipation of an explosion as they often see in movies, but nothing happens. They have a heartfelt conversation as they decide to spend the night in the middle of nowhere.
The next day they are able to hitchhike on a tractor transporting chickens. Finally they reach Changsha covered in chicken feathers. Li is surprised to find out that his mistress is also in the city to give him a surprise.
The trip was a voyage of self-discovery for Li as by the end, he changed. He went from scoffing beggars to believing that truthfulness still exists in the world; he changed from a cold-blooded boss to a real human being. Finally realizing what is important to him, he breaks up with his mistress and returns to his family. Li returns money to Niu and calls him his "creditor". Although Niu was not his real creditor, what he owed Niu were the lessons he taught him throughout the journey and the epiphanies regarding the importance of truthfulness and trust.

</doc>
<doc id="36519084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519084" title="Viacom criticisms and controversies">
Viacom criticisms and controversies

In March 2005, the prior Viacom announced plans of looking into splitting the company into two publicly traded companies. The company was not only dealing with a stagnating stock price, but also the rivalry between Leslie Moonves and Tom Freston, longtime heads of MTV Networks. In addition, the company was facing issues after MTV was banned from producing any more Super Bowl halftime shows after the Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show controversy in 2004.
Carriage disputes.
On December 4, 2008 three weeks before Christmas, Viacom announced layoffs of 850 personnel, or 7% of their workforce. At the end of the year, Time Warner Cable (along with partner Bright House Networks) and Viacom's MTV Networks could not come to terms for the renewal of any Viacom channel beyond the end of year. Time Warner Cable's operations include New York City and Los Angeles, with Bright House including the Tampa Bay and Orlando markets, both top-20 markets. This blackout was narrowly avoided when a zero-hour deal was reached shortly after 12 Midnight ET on January 1, 2009.
On July 10, 2012 during contract negotiations over raising carrier rates the U.S. satellite TV provider, DirecTV's executives approached Viacom with a new proposal and a request to continue broadcasting 17 of Viacom's television networks (including Nickelodeon, MTV, Logo, and Comedy Central) during talks, but received no response and thus Viacom ceased transmission to DirecTV's 20 million subscribers. On July 11, in a counter response to DirecTV advising its subscribers to view original programming from the affected networks online, Viacom scaled back access to recent episodes of Viacom-owned program content available to the websites of its networks. Viacom described this as a "temporary slimdown" until a new carriage deal with DirecTV was reached. Viacom and DirecTV reached an agreement on July 20 to return the interrupted programming.
Copyright complaints against YouTube.
In February 2007, Viacom sent upwards of 100,000 DMCA takedown notices to the video-sharing site YouTube. Of the 100,000 notices, approximately 60–70 non-infringing videos were removed under the auspices of copyright infringement.
On March 13, 2007, Viacom filed a US$1 billion legal claim (Viacom International Inc. v. YouTube, Inc.) against Google and YouTube alleging massive copyright infringement, alleging that users frequently uploaded copyrighted material to YouTube—enough to cause a hit in revenue for Viacom and a gain in advertisement revenue for YouTube.
The complaint contended that almost 160,000 unauthorized clips of Viacom's programming were made available on YouTube and that these clips had collectively been viewed more than 1.5 billion times.
In July 2008, the case generated controversy when District Judge Louis Stanton ruled that YouTube was required to hand over data detailing the viewing habits of every user who had ever watched videos on the site.
Judge Stanton rejected Viacom's request for YouTube to hand over the source code of its search engine system, saying that the code was a trade secret.
Google and Viacom later agreed to allow Google to anonymize all the data before handing it over to Viacom.
On June 23, 2010, Judge Stanton ruled in Google's favor in a motion for summary judgment, holding that Google was protected by provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, notwithstanding evidence of intentional copyright infringement. Viacom announced its intention to appeal the ruling.
BET Networks.
Black Entertainment Television.
Public Enemy rapper Chuck D, journalist George Curry, writer Keith Boykin, comic book creator Christopher Priest, filmmaker Spike Lee, Syracuse University professor of finance Dr. Boyce Watkins and cartoonist Aaron McGruder (who, in addition to numerous critical references throughout his series, "The Boondocks", made a particular episode criticizing the channel), all have protested BET's programming and actions. As a result, BET heavily censors suggestive content from the videos that it airs, often with entire verses and scenes removed from certain rap videos. Furthermore, scholars within the black community maintain that BET perpetuates and justifies racism by affecting the interpersonal beliefs others may generalize about blacks, and also by affecting the psyche of its young viewers through its bombardment of negative images of blacks.
"The New York Times" reported that the Reverend Delman L. Coates and his organization Enough is Enough led protests every weekend outside the residences of BET executives against what they claim are negative stereotypes of black people perpetuated by BET music videos. Enough is Enough backed an April 2008 report titled "The Rap on Rap" by the Parents Television Council that claimed that BET rap programming, which they believed contained gratuitous sexual, violent, and profane content, was targeting children and teens.
BET announced in March 2010 that Gordon would return to the network to host "a variety of news programs and specials."
In a 2010 interview, BET co-founder Sheila Johnson said she herself is "ashamed" of what the network has become. "I don't watch it. I suggest to my kids that they don't watch it," she said. "When we started BET, it was going to be the "Ebony" magazine on television. We had public affairs programming. We had news... I had a show called "Teen Summit", we had a large variety of programming, but the problem is that then the video revolution started up... And then something started happening, and I didn't like it at all. And I remember during those days we would sit up and watch these videos and decide which ones were going on and which ones were not. We got a lot of backlash from recording artists...and we had to start showing them. I didn't like the way women were being portrayed in these videos."
MTV Networks.
MTV Networks were a pioneer in channel drift. Music Television (as MTV was originally known) was originally a channel devoted to popular music videos upon its launch in 1981, but began adding entertainment and reality programs geared toward a young adult audience in the 1990s, beginning a progression toward its current focus of reality and scripted programming targeted primarily at teenagers and young adults. (The music videos transitioned to MTV2, then to MTV Hits.) Video Hits One likewise began as an outlet for adult contemporary music before transitioning to an urban pop culture channel as VH1; Country Music Television drifted to southern culture and general rerun programming as CMT; and The Nashville Network, perhaps the most dramatic, drifted to a male-heavy program lineup now known as Spike.
Entertainment Group.
Comedy Central.
Comedy Central has been a frequent target of criticism from the conservative group Parents Television Council, which accuses them of bigotry and blasphemy, especially within the programs "South Park", "The Sarah Silverman Program", "Halfway Home", and the annual "Roast" special. PTC has used their criticisms against Comedy Central for their support of the Family and Consumer Choice Act of 2007, which would allow American cable TV subscribers to choose which channels they subscribe to, and to persuade advertisers to stop advertising on the channel. PTC founder and former president L. Brent Bozell III has called the channel unfunny, claiming the channel has managed "to reach the top of its field in spite of – or, better put, because of – the network's sheer lack of comedic talent" by its "extensive reliance on shocking or disgusting humor". The channel has also received criticism from certain parents for airing advertisements for "Girls Gone Wild". The channel also airs the least cut version of the popular film "Not Another Teen Movie", as well as uncut versions of films such as "Coming to America", "Dogma" and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.
On November 5, 2007, an open letter was written by VideoSift to protest publicly the blocking of Comedy Central's embedded video content for non U.S. based viewers.
On April 21, 2010, Comedy Central censored the "South Park" episode, "201", in response to a death threat issued by users of a radical Muslim website over the episode's planned depiction of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, which led several newspaper columnists to condemn the network's actions as tantamount to abetting terrorism. Since then, as a result, neither "201" nor the episode that preceded it have been aired.
Spike.
The name change to "Spike TV" was supposed to be official on June 16, 2003. However, on June 13, film director Spike Lee won a New York Supreme Court injunction preventing the name change. Lee claimed that because of his well-known popularity in Hollywood, viewers would therefore assume that he was associated with the new channel. Lee stated in court papers that: "The media description of this change of name, as well as comments made to me and my wife, confirmed what was obvious—that Spike TV referred to Spike Lee."
The channel had planned an official launch of its new name at a star-studded, televised party at the Playboy Mansion in mid-June. But due to Lee's injunction, the special—titled "Party With Spike"—had to be heavily edited and the impact of the event was considerably muted. During the lawsuit, even the name "TNN" was significantly scaled back, as logos and voice-overs referred to the channel only as "The First Network for Men".
Spike Jones Jr., son of comic musician Spike Jones, became a party of the lawsuit as part of Viacom's defense to protect the rights to his father's name. The suit was settled on July 8, 2003, and TNN was allowed to call itself Spike TV. In announcing the settlement, Lee admitted that he did not believe that the channel intentionally tried to trade on his name.
The name change became official on August 11, 2003.
In September 2005, all WWE (formerly the WWF) programming on Spike TV left the channel as a result of acrimonious contractual matters between WWE and Viacom. "WWE Raw" moved back to its original cable home, NBCUniversal's USA Network while "WWE Sunday Night HEAT" and "WWE Velocity" moved to WWE.com due to failure to gain a time slot for the shows in the United States. On October 1, 2005, wrestling promotion Total Nonstop Action Wrestling began airing its weekly program "TNA Impact!" in the Saturday night time slot formerly occupied by "WWE Velocity". In WWE's last "Raw" broadcast on the channel, executives decided to censor WWE personalities whenever they tried to mention "Raw"'s return to USA Network, scheduled for the following week. In what turned out to be a hectic night of sound suddenly vanishing, WWE's commentators finally succeeded in slipping the words "Next week on USA" past the censors at Spike TV, most likely due to Spike TV executives finally giving in. Spike was the only channel to air first-run matches from all of the major wrestling organizations in the last 15 years (WWF/WWE from 2000–2005, WCW in 2001 (including the "Raw"/"Nitro" simulcast and WCW-sanctioned matches during the Invasion storyline), ECW from 1999–2000, and TNA from 2005–present).
On October 15, 2005 Viacom acquired iFilm.com, which was initially launched in 1997. After acquiring the website for $49 million, it was eventually re-branded to Spike.com and provided hosting of user-uploaded videos.
YouTube was also launched in 2005, which later suffered a class action lawsuit reported to be over $1 billion. Spike.com's managing division claims that they only host videos they approve after they are submitted. YouTube Partner user Mike Mozart pointed out videos on Spike.com/iFilm that were uploaded from YouTube onto Spike.com, without permission as their descriptions are criticizing the video itself. He also pointed out that YouTube embeds hosted on Spike.com did not link back to YouTube, and any sort of video hyperlinking was forcibly disabled, contradicting YouTube's Terms of Use.
Music & Logo Group.
Country Music Television.
In 1997, both CMT and TNN networks were sold to Westinghouse, the owner of the CBS network for a reported $1.5 billion. The acquisition of the two country-themed networks, along with the formation of the ill-fated "CBS Eye On People" network, and two regional sports networks (the Baltimore-area Home Team Sports, now Comcast Sportsnet Mid-Atlantic, and Midwest Sports Channel in the Twin Cities, now FSN North) formed the CBS Cable division, based in Nashville at the Grand Ole Opry and a Charlotte office at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
In 1999, Viacom acquired CBS, assuming ownership of CMT and TNN and folding them into the MTV Networks stable. The resulting moves in 2000 led to the closing of the CBS Charlotte office, while Viacom changed the format of TNN, eventually renaming it The National Network and then simply Spike. Viacom also changed the format of CMT, modeling it after sister networks MTV and VH1 to include shows and movies in addition to music videos. Over time, the number of music videos on the network has continued to decrease with the late May 2006 rebranding of digital cable network VH1 Country to CMT Pure Country.
Despite the decrease in music videos, CMT has experienced significant ratings gains since its acquisition by MTV Networks in 1999. As of 2007, the channel is available in more than 83 million homes. As of 2009, the network now reaches 88 million homes.
Logo.
The advertiser-supported channel struck carriage deals prior to its launch date with DirecTV, Charter Communications, Adelphia, Cablevision, Time Warner Cable of New York City, and RCN. A deal with Comcast was reached after the launch date. However, as of July 2009, Comcast had not added Logo to its channel lineup in certain areas such as in Comcast's Jackson, Mississippi, and Monroe, Louisiana, markets, due to local opposition. Logo was also not carried by Comcast in Utah, but has been carried as of September 2010. Dish Network has added the channel as an option for their HDTV package. Logo has partnered with CBS News to provide news briefs and has developed a relationship with LPI Media, publisher of "The Advocate", "Out", and "The Out Traveler" magazines. Logo replaced VH1 Mega Hits in some markets when it was launched. On December 11, 2006, MTV Networks and Time Warner Cable announced an agreement to expand its distribution of Logo to additional markets. Logo became available on the Dish Network in May 2009.
MTV.
The channel has been a target of criticism by various groups about programming choices, social issues, political correctness, sensitivity, censorship, and a perceived negative social influence on young people. Portions of the content of MTV's programs and productions have come under controversy in the general news media and among social groups that have taken offense.
During MTV's first few years on the air, very few black artists were included in rotation on the channel. Those who were in MTV's rotation included Eddy Grant, Tina Turner, Donna Summer, Musical Youth, Herbie Hancock, Grace Jones, and Prince. The very first non-white act played on MTV in the U.S. was UK band The Specials, which featured an integrated line-up of white and black musicians and vocalists. The Specials' video "Rat Race" was played as the 58th video on the station's first day of broadcasting.
MTV rejected other black artists' videos, such as Rick James' "Super Freak", because they didn't fit the channel's carefully selected AOR format at the time. The exclusion enraged James; he publicly advocated the addition of more black artists' videos on the channel. Rock legend David Bowie also questioned MTV's lack of black artists during an on-air interview with VJ Mark Goodman in 1983. MTV's original head of talent and acquisition, Carolyn B. Baker, who was black, had questioned why the definition of music had to be so narrow, as had a few others outside the network. "The party line at MTV was that we weren't playing black music because of the "research"," said Baker years later. "But the research was based on ignorance... we were young, we were cutting edge. We didn't have to be on the cutting edge of racism." Nevertheless, it was Baker who had personally rejected Rick James' video for "Super Freak" "because there were half-naked women in it, and it was a piece of c--p. As a black woman, I did not want that representing my people as the first black video on MTV."
The network's director of music programming Buzz Brindle told an interviewer in 2006, "MTV was originally designed to be a rock music channel. It was difficult for MTV to find African American artists whose music fit the channel's format that leaned toward rock at the outset." Writers Craig Marks and Rob Tannenbaum noted that the channel "aired videos by plenty of white artists who didn't play rock." Andrew Goodwin later wrote, " denied racism, on the grounds that it merely followed the rules of the rock business (which were, nonetheless, the consequence of a long history of racism)." MTV senior executive vice president Les Garland complained decades later, "The worst thing was that "racism" b------t... there were hardly any videos being made by black artists. Record companies weren't funding them. "They" never got charged with racism."
Before 1983, Michael Jackson also struggled to receive airtime on MTV. To resolve the struggle and finally "break the color barrier," the president of CBS Records at the time, Walter Yetnikoff, denounced MTV in a strong, profane statement, threatening to take away MTV's ability to play any of the record label's music videos. However, Les Garland, then acquisitions head, said he decided to air Jackson's "Billie Jean" video without pressure from CBS. This was contradicted by CBS head of Business Affairs David Benjamin in Vanity Fair.
According to "The Austin Chronicle", Jackson's video for the song "Billie Jean" was "the video that broke the color barrier, even though the channel itself was responsible for erecting that barrier in the first place." But change was not immediate. "Billie Jean" was not added to MTV's "medium rotation" playlist (two to three airings per day) until after it had already reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. A month later, it was bumped up into "heavy rotation," one week before the MTV debut of Jackson's "Beat It" video. Both videos were played several times a day for the next two months; by early summer, the channel had ceased playing both songs. But the impact was permanent. When Jackson's elaborate video for "Thriller" was released late in the year, the network's support for it was total, leading to a lengthy partnership with Jackson that helped other black music artists, including Prince, Whitney Houston, and Jackson's younger sister Janet Jackson.
Jonathan Cohen of "Billboard" magazine observed that Janet Jackson's "accessible sound and spectacularly choreographed videos were irresistible to MTV, and helped the channel evolve from rock programming to a broader, beat-driven musical mix." Eventually, videos from the emerging genre of rap and hip hop would also begin to enter rotation on MTV. A majority of the rap artists appearing on MTV in the mid-1980s, such as Run-DMC, The Fat Boys, Whodini, L.L. Cool J and the Beastie Boys, were from the East Coast.
Video director Don Letts has a different view of the timeline, saying, "People often say "Billie Jean" was the first black music video on MTV. "Pass the Dutchie" was first. Because they were little and spoke in funny British accents, Musical Youth were deemed as non-threatening, and therefore non-black."
In 1983, "Rolling Stone"s Steven Levy wrote, "MTV's greatest achievement has been to coax rock & roll into the video arena where you can't distinguish between entertainment and the sales pitch." The Dead Kennedys released a song in 1985 titled "MTV, Get Off The Air".
MTV has edited a number of music videos to remove references to drugs, sex, violence, weapons, racism, homophobia, or advertising. Many music videos aired on the channel were censored, moved to late-night rotation, or banned entirely from the channel.
In the 1980s, parent-media watchdog groups such as the Parents Music Resource Center criticized MTV over certain music videos that were claimed to have explicit imagery of satanism. MTV developed a strict policy on refusal to air videos that may depict devil worship or anti-religious themes. This policy led MTV to ban music videos such as "Jesus Christ Pose" by Soundgarden in 1991 and "Megalomaniac" by Incubus in 2004.
Although MTV reached its 30th year of broadcasting in 2011, the channel itself passed over this milestone in favor of its current programming schedule. The channel instead aired its 30th anniversary celebrations on its sister networks MTV2 and VH1 Classic. Nathaniel Brown, senior vice president of communications for MTV, confirmed that there were no plans for an on-air MTV celebration similar to the channel's 20th anniversary. Brown explained, "MTV as a brand doesn't age with our viewers. We are really focused on our current viewers, and our feeling was that our anniversary wasn't something that would be meaningful to them, many of whom weren't even alive in 1981."
Despite targeted efforts to play certain types of music videos in limited rotation, MTV greatly reduced its overall rotation of music videos by the mid-2000s. While music videos were featured on MTV up to eight hours per day in 2000, the year 2008 saw an average of just three hours of music videos per day on MTV. The rise of the Internet as a convenient outlet for the promotion and viewing of music videos signaled this reduction.
As the decade progressed, MTV continued to play some music videos instead of relegating them exclusively to its sister channels, but around this time, the channel began to air music videos only in the early morning hours or in a condensed form on "Total Request Live". As a result of these programming changes, Justin Timberlake challenged MTV to "play more damn videos!" while giving an acceptance speech at the "2007 Video Music Awards".
Despite the challenge from Timberlake, MTV continued to decrease its total rotation time for music videos in 2007, and the channel eliminated its long-running special tags for music videos such as "Buzzworthy" (for under-represented artists), "Breakthrough" (for visually stunning videos), and "Spankin' New" (for brand new videos). Additionally, the historic Kabel typeface, which MTV displayed at the beginning and end of all music videos since 1981, was phased out in favor of larger text and less information about the video's record label and director. The classic font can still be seen in "prechyroned" versions of old videos on sister network VH1 Classic, which had their title information recorded onto the same tape as the video itself.
Prior to its finale in 2008, MTV's main source of music videos was "Total Request Live", airing four times per week, featuring short clips of music videos along with VJs and guests. MTV was experimenting at the time with new ideas for music programs to replace the purpose of "TRL" but with a new format.
In the summer of 2008, MTV premiered new music video programming blocks called "FNMTV" and a weekly special event called "FNMTV Premieres", hosted from Los Angeles by Pete Wentz of the band Fall Out Boy, which was designed to premiere new music videos and have viewers provide instantaneous feedback.
The "FNMTV Premieres" event ended before the "2008 Video Music Awards" in September. With the exception of a holiday themed episode in December 2008 and an unrelated "Spring Break" special in March 2009 with the same title, "FNMTV Premieres" never returned to the channel's regular program schedule, leaving MTV without any music video programs hosted by VJs for the first time in its history.
Shortly after Michael Jackson died on June 25, 2009, the channel aired several hours of Jackson's music videos, accompanied by live news specials featuring reactions from MTV personalities and other celebrities. The temporary shift in MTV's programming culminated the following week with the channel's live coverage of Jackson's memorial service. MTV aired similar one-hour live specials with music videos and news updates following the death of Whitney Houston on February 11, 2012, and the death of Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys on May 4, 2012.
In 2007, MTV aired the reality show "A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila", chronicling MySpace sensation Tila Tequila's journey to find a companion. Her bisexuality played into the series – both male and female contestants were vying for love – and was the subject of criticism. It was "...the #2 show..." airing on MTV at that time, behind "The Hills". A spin-off series from "A Shot at Love", titled "That's Amoré!", followed a similar pursuit from previous "A Shot at Love" contestant Domenico Nesci.
In late 2009, MTV shifted its focus back to "Real World"-style reality programming with the premiere of "Jersey Shore", a program that brought high ratings to the channel and also caused controversy due to some of its content.
With backlash towards what some consider too much superficial content on the network, a recent "New York Times" article also stated the intention of MTV to shift its focus towards more socially conscious media, which the article labels "MTV for the Obama era." Shows in that vein included "T.I.'s Road to Redemption" and Fonzworth Bentley's finishing school show "From G's to Gents".
The channel also began showing presidential campaign commercials for the first time during the 2008 U.S. presidential election. This has led to criticism from the right, with Jonah Goldberg opining that "MTV serves as the Democrats' main youth outreach program."
MTV2.
Launched on August 1, 1996, the original purpose of the channel was to give music fans a place to see constant, commercial-free music videos, once the original MTV had started to change its direction from music and concentrate on reality television and soap operas. Today, MTV2 airs a selection of music videos, other music-related specials, and non-music shows focused on youth culture and pop culture. These shows are aimed at viewers in their teens and early 20s.
As 2006 began, most of MTV2's programming continued moving with the general trend that had already started years earlier. Despite the removal of MTV's famous block logo from MTV2's logo in 2005, the channel increased its ties to MTV, airing a broader selection of repeats of other MTV shows that fit in with the "outrageous" theme, as well as some others with no certain theme.
The channel's focus on non-music video programming continued, with most promotion centered around its "Sic 'Em Friday" block of "outrageous" shows, consisting of "Wildboyz" and "Team Sanchez" in a season beginning January 6, 2006, as well as "The Andy Milonakis Show" and "Wonder Showzen" in a season beginning March 31, 2006.
On June 10, 2006, the network premiered a related block of animated shows called "Sic'emation", featuring new episodes of "Celebrity Deathmatch", two new animated series ("Where My Dogs At?" and "The Adventures of Chico and Guapo"), as well as repeats of the classic MTV series "Beavis and Butt-head".
While music was still played on MTV2, the other programming on the network was given more airtime and promotion. In order to find music video programming to watch, viewers must know the schedule and check weekly listings. MTV2 does not promote most of its music video shows, and it does not directly inform viewers about the times in which music videos will be aired.
The music video programming that still aired on MTV2 remained stagnant in 2006. Each weekday, hour-long video countdowns of hits ("Elite 8"), hip-hop ("Sucker Free"), and rock ("You Rock the Deuce", formerly known as "T-Minus Rock") air primarily during the early morning hours, aside from ("Sucker Free") which airs during primetime hours. The "Unleashed" video premiere was moved to Mondays. At the end of each week, an hour-long rock countdown and two-hour hip-hop countdown are aired, along with "Sucker Free", "Headbangers Ball", and "Subterranean", which have remained in the same time slots since their debuts in 2003. The weekend rock countdown later evolved into "Saturday Rock the Deuce", during which MTV2 plays seven or eight of the same videos from one week to the next, but was later moved to late Saturday nights.
Without a flagship show or any specific direction, MTV2 remains a mixture of music-related programming and non-music programming aimed at the 12–34-year-old male and female audience. In recent years, MTV2 has stalled most of its original programming, instead choosing to play repeated programs from MTV and other channels for most of its broadcast schedule. Music video programming on the channel is rare, as it is with MTV, likely thanks to the immediacy and convenience of watching music videos on the Internet. Notable music-related programming changes on MTV2 and exceptions to the rule are listed as follows.
Music programming on MTV2 took a hit in February 2007 when the network fired all of its production staff. The production staff operated the MTV2 studio and all segments with VJs and/or interviews with artists. As a result of the firings, all of MTV2's music programming, including "Sucker Free", "Headbangers Ball", and "Subterranean", were transitioned to a simple block of music videos, no longer featuring any VJ segments.
Later in 2007, MTV2 devoted Saturday evenings to rock music. The network introduced a "Rock Block" which is now known as "Saturday Rocks The Deuce" that was shown Saturdays at 10:00 P.M., featuring hard rock and past grunge bands like Stone Temple Pilots, Silverchair and Pearl Jam, similar to a Mainstream rock radio station. Following "Saturday Rocks The Deuce" was "Headbangers Ball". Initially, such blocks of programming were shown during the primetime hours on Saturdays, but currently the block is shown on late Saturday evenings starting at 10:00 P.M. However, MTV2 viewers residing in the West Coast and receiving the channel via direct broadcast satellite will see this block in the primetime hours, as their satellite service will most likely pick up the MTV2 feed from the Eastern Time Zone, in which MTV2 bases its scheduled times for its programming.
The network also continued to air blocks of videos known simply as "AMTV", featuring a pre-determined playlist of predominantly current videos with occasional MTV News segments, during the overnight and early morning hours, usually between 3:00 a.m. and 8:00 a.m. ET. Other formats in which MTV2 played music videos included a 30-minute block of videos simply titled "Music Videos" that aired some early mornings and late nights, as well as the "No Break Video Hour", a music video block that excluded commercials as mentioned in the title shown Tuesdays through Thursdays at 10:00 A.M.
Music programming was briefly expanded in June 2007, and music videos were seen through much of the day throughout the week. In fact, from 4:30 p.m. on June 29, 2007, to 1:00 a.m. on early July 1, 2007, MTV2 played strictly music videos, whether a general block of videos or a specific genre-based block such as "Headbangers Ball" (heavy metal) or "Sucker Free" (hip-hop), for 33 hours and 30 minutes. Throughout the month of July 2007, MTV2 broadcast music video programs during primetime Mondays through Thursdays in its efforts to play more music. In February 2008, MTV2 replaced the 10 p.m. Eastern rebroadcast of "Elite 8" with a standard block of music videos.
The year 2008 saw a decreased availability for MTV2, as both the Comcast cable service and Cox cable service moved the channel from their widely received analog cable services to a digital cable line-up. This, however, is part of a larger initiative by the cable companies to move all of their non-"must-carry" channels from analog cable to digital by 2010.
During the latter days of June 2008, MTV2 had a "mini-relaunch" of sorts. The MTV2 dog logo now remains a constant color throughout the weekdays (black on gold/yellow), turning black and white on Saturdays, a light and dark blue on Sundays, and the occasional nationality flag when Wildboyz comes on. In addition, all music videos are credited in a consistent format of text. Status messages have been moved from the middle of the screen to a quote box coming from the left dog's mouth. Also, the "sharts" that introduce the beginning of a show have been replaced with a more formal display, as it had been with tour dates. Recently they have been showing more music at late nights and early mornings.
Since early 2010, MTV2 has been cutting down in its amount of music videos and is now focusing more on re-aired and original programming.
As of 2011, music programming has remained the same on MTV2, airing only between 3am-8am ("AMTV2").
VH1.
In the spring of 1994, VH1 rebranded itself as "VH1: Music First", following a ratings decline in the early 1990s. They began airing "History of Music Videos A to Z" during the July 4 weekend from 1994 to 1998 where they'd show a large percentage of their library of music videos, which would include mini-marathons of videos by artists with a large number of videos. The success of A to Z led to a weeknight 11pm hour-long broadcast of Madonna videos, titled "The Madonna Show". The videos were aired without introduction by a VJ and the program was soon shortened to thirty minutes, and then scrapped all together. By 1996, VH1 was heading down the same path as its sister channel, MTV, choosing to focus more on music-related shows than on music videos. Additionally, the network began to expand its playlist of music videos to include more rock and rap music. Old episodes of "American Bandstand" could regularly be seen on the channel.
VH1 endured criticism for "Music Behind Bars", which mainly focuses on musicians in custody. Critics have claimed prisoners, mainly those convicted of murder, should not be entitled to any exposure, especially nationally.
In 2003, the network changed its focus again, dropping "Music First" from its name, and introducing their new and current box logo. Having saturated its "Behind The Music" series (and spinoff "BTM2", a 30-minute version that told the stories of current chart-toppers), gotten past the point of showing music videos on a regular basis, and endured a 35% ratings decline over the past several years, the network began to target the pop culture nostalgia market just like its sister MTV. The network primarily plays reality shows now.
Although VH1 has drastically reduced its emphasis on music, it does continue to play music videos (just like its sister network, MTV) from 4 a.m. until 11 a.m. ET. The overnight block was called "Insomniac Music Theater" until August 2005, when it was renamed "Nocturnal State". As of the beginning of October 2008, "Nocturnal State" has been cut down to one hour, and "Fresh: New Music" has been supplanted by additional hours of "Jump Start", thus meaning that VH1 now plays 7 hours of music daily.
As of the beginning of May 2010, VH1 has permanently retire the named "Nocturnal State" and had temporarily cancelled the 5AM ET hour of "Jump Start" to make room for more reality show re-airs. Also, VH1's music has leaned more and more Top 40-based over the past year. More recently, the 4 and 5AM ET hours reverted to music on most days, and all of its music hours are now branded as "Jump Start." "Jump Start" runs typically from 4AM-9AM weekdays and Saturdays (until 8AM on Sundays).
VH1 Soul.
In the spring of 2007, VH1 Soul, along with its sister networks MTV Jams and MTV Hits, were briefly dropped from Time Warner Cable's line-up in Southern California when those franchises transitioned from Adelphia and Comcast. However, all three channels returned to that line-up within a couple of months, under a new, specialized tier of service. To date however, the three networks remain conspicuously absent from many of Time Warner and Brighthouse Networks' systems, most notably in New York City, as well as both major satellite TV providers (DirecTV and DISH Network, respectively).
In 2008, VH1 Soul began dedicating more of its airtime to commercials and programs, and began playing fewer music videos, alienating a segment of its audience that watched the channel specifically for its focus on music rather than program content. Programs such as the "VH1 Hip Hop Honors Show", "VH1 Rock Docs", and other programs from the VH1 channel line-up began to regularly supplant airtime which had previously been dedicated to music videos, in a pattern similar to the First Format Evolution which occurred on the MTV channel in the late 1980s. As of Late 2009, the non-music programming has been dropped from the station, along with the commercials. The channel today features a non-stop blend of all music videos new and old across all theme blocks.
Kids & Family Group.
Nickelodeon.
It had ranked as the #1 cable channel as of early 2011 but by the end of that year had suffered a double-digit ratings drop described as "inexplicable" by parent company Viacom.
On July 11, 2012, Nickelodeon, along with many other Viacom channels, were temporarily dropped from DirecTV's line up due to ongoing contract negotiations between DirecTV and Viacom. The removal resulted in a 33% drop in Nickelodeon's daily ratings. The channels returned on July 20, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36519087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519087" title="Johann Wigand">
Johann Wigand

Johann Wigand (ca. 1523 - 21 October 1587) was a German Lutheran cleric. From 1538 Wigand studied at University of Wittenberg, attending lectures by Martin Luther and Philipp Melanchthon. While working in Magdeburg he was one of the main contributors to the Magdeburg Centuries, a critical work on church history. In 1575 he became Bishop of Pomesania, a post he held until his death in 1587.

</doc>
<doc id="36519090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519090" title="Cedar Creek, Queensland (Logan &amp; Gold Coast)">
Cedar Creek, Queensland (Logan &amp; Gold Coast)

Cedar Creek is a locality split between Logan City and Gold Coast City in Queensland, Australia.
As at the 2011 Census, Cedar Creek had a population of 634. It is located about south-southeast of Brisbane, Queensland's capital city.
History.
The first European settler in the district was Jessie Daniells who established a timber mill in the area in 1864. Most of the early farmers in the district grew sugar cane. David Veivers established a dairy in the 1870s. 
A Wesleyan church was established in 1871. The Cedar Creek School opened in 1874. The Cedar Creek School of Arts was erected in December 1913 by the Upper Albert branch of the Farmers' Union.
Formerly in the Shire of Beaudesert, Cedar Creek became split between Logan City and Gold Coast City following the local government amalgamations in March 2008.
School.
The Cedar Creek Vested School opened on 21 September 1874 with 48 pupils under headmaster T.F. Williams ("vested" meant the school was funded by the Queensland Government) on of land. William Fowles became the headmaster in 1875. In 1876, the school was enlarged to . In 1888, it became Cedar Creek State School, but low student numbers reduced it to Cedar Creek Provisional School in 1892. In 1895, it became Cedar Creek State School again. In 1913, of land were given up to be used for a School of Arts. The diamond jubilee celebrations were held in December 1934 and were attended by Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, Reginald King (Member for Logan) and Thomas Flood Plunkett (Member for Albert). At that time there were less than 25 students. In 2014, there are about 240 students enrolled.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Cedar Creek is 634, 50.6% female and 49.4% male.
The median/average age of the Cedar Creek population is 38 years of age, 1 year above the Australian average.
76.9% of people living in Cedar Creek were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 8.2%, New Zealand 2%, South Africa 1.6%, Burma 0.6%, Czech Republic 0.5%
92.4% of people speak English as their first language 0.8% Polish, 0.6% Japanese, 0.5% Russian, 0.5% Portuguese, 0.5% Hungarian.

</doc>
<doc id="36519112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519112" title="Currumbin Valley, Queensland">
Currumbin Valley, Queensland

Currumbin Valley is a renowned hinterland located in South East Queensland. With this, the valley is relatively small in size being approximately twenty-four kilometers long and around four kilometers wide. Furthermore, Currumbin Valley provides both rural and residential land but is predominantly rural. In 2013 the population of Currumbin Valley was around 6,804 people and area of land available was 11,465 hectares. Currumbin Valley is a unique part of Australia’s Green Cauldron, being the first valley to the north of the escarpment of the cauldron (the temple of which is Wollumbin Mount Warning) in the Murwillumbah region, to the south.
The main road through Currumbin Valley – Currumbin Creek Road extends 20 kilometres west to the Mt Cougal Section of the Springbrook National Park, where it terminates, with a World-Heritage-Listed rainforest walk, the Cougal Cascades (waterfalls) and abundant, native flora and fauna. This pristine rainforest is part of the eastern section of the Gondwana Rainforest's of Australia.
Historically, the Currumbin Valley was predominantly used for timber getting and grazing – the settlement date of this area dates from the 1840s. In the 1870s and 1880s many banana plantations, sugar crops and dairy farms were established. This therefore enabled the minimal population to grow. Again some growth took place during the early 1900s, following the construction of the railway line. Significant development occurred from the 1970s. However, immense growth took place during the 1990s, a result of new dwellings being added to the area. Growth slowed between 2001 and 2011 as fewer new dwellings were added.
There are now numerous attractions in the Currumbin Valley region – some of which include: Springbrook National Park, Nicoll Scrub National Park, Currumbin Valley Rock Pools, Burleigh Palms Golf Course, Meadow Park Golf Course, Tallebudgera Golf Course, Burleigh West Golf Driving Range, Coplick Family Sports Park, George Dacca Bramley Park, Robinson Park, Schuster Park, Gold Coast Archery Club, Camp Eden Health Retreat, Coolangatta Special School Farm and several schools.
Currumbin Valley Rock Pools
The Currumbin Valley Rock Pool are located 12 km inland from Currumbin beach. The natural rock pools attract many people and are a fantastic place for family to come and visit.
Springbrook National Park: 
Springbrook also offers a number of walking trails around the beautiful rainforest. Information about the walking trails around the Springbrook National Park can be found at the Rangers offices in Natural Bridge or Springbrook.
Nicoll Scrub National Park 
Nicoll Scrub is a national park in Queensland, Australia, 88 km southeast of Brisbane. It adjoins the Currumbin Valley Reserve and protects remnant rainforest vegetation.

</doc>
<doc id="36519121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519121" title="Android Mini PC MK802">
Android Mini PC MK802

The Android Mini PC MK802 is a PC-on-a-stick produced by Rikomagic, a Chinese company using AllWinner A1X SoC, based on an ARM architecture, composed of an ARM V7 based Cortex-A8 1 GHz processor, a Mali-400 MP GPU, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, and a VPU CedarX capable of displaying up to 1080p video.
History and models.
The thumb sized MK802, which was first brought into market in May 2012, can turn a display with a HDMI or DVI-D port into an Android computer. Since the original design was introduced, five other similar models have been released.
Connectors.
All models appear similar to a somewhat enlarged USB flash drive housing a processor, RAM, storage and I/O ports. Equipped with a keyboard, mouse and display, the device can perform the functions of an Android based computer. Linux distributions Ubuntu or PicUntu can also be installed on these devices that offer a windowed desktop environment.
The MK802's success and design has generated a host of similar devices with similar specifications, many of which have similar model numbers, but are not manufactured by Rikomagic. Also, these devices share many characteristics with the Raspberry Pi computer.

</doc>
<doc id="36519129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519129" title="Amar Mitra">
Amar Mitra

Amar Mitra may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="36519132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519132" title="Ulat ng Bayan">
Ulat ng Bayan

The "Ulat ng Bayan" (Report of the Town in English) was the Third State of the Nation Address
that led by Benigno Aquino III.

</doc>
<doc id="36519144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519144" title="Valavanis">
Valavanis

Valavanis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36519150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519150" title="Napalm (album)">
Napalm (album)

Napalm is the seventh studio album by American rapper Xzibit, released on October 5, 2012, through Open Bar Entertainment and EMI Records. The album featured artists such as Bishop Lamont, E-40, Game, Prodigy, Demrick, Wiz Khalifa and Crooked I among others. It is his first album since 2006's "Full Circle".
Background.
After the commercial failure of his last studio album "Full Circle" in 2006, Xzibit was released from his contract with Koch Records and mainly focused on his acting career. No new material for a new studio album surfaced until 2009, when he released the song "Hurt Locker", followed by "Phenom" in early 2010 for his new studio album, then titled "MMX" (2010 in Roman numerals). But since none of the singles made a commercial impact, the album was not released that year, prompting him to change the name to "MMXI". The album was renamed "Restless 2" in late 2011 and again renamed to its current title after the success of his collaboration "Napalm" with Travis Barker for his mixtape "Let the Drummer Get Wicked".
Singles.
The album's single "Phenom" was released on May 25, 2010 on iTunes, produced by Risingson and features vocals from rapper Kurupt with whom Xzibit had already worked on previous albums, and G-Unit rapper 40 Glocc.
The album's lead single "Up Out The Way" was released on September 4, 2012, featuring fellow West Coast rapper E-40 and was produced by Rick Rock. It was released on the radio Power 106, with Xzibit and DJ Felli Fel, on his birthday.
Commercial Performance.
The album debuted at number 150 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 3,200 copies in the United States.
Personnel.
Credits for "Napalm" adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="36519158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519158" title="Solar power forecasting">
Solar power forecasting

Solar power forecasting involves knowledge of the Sun´s path, the atmosphere's condition, the scattering processes and the characteristics of a solar energy plant which utilizes the Sun's energy to create solar power. Solar photovoltaic systems transform solar energy into electric power. The power output depends on the incoming radiation and on the solar panel characteristics. Photovoltaic power production is increasing nowadays. Forecast information is essential for an efficient use, the management of the electricity grid and for solar energy trading.
Generation forecasting.
The energy generation forecasting problem is closely linked to the problem of "weather variables forecasting". Indeed, this problem is usually split into two parts, on one hand focusing on the forecasting of solar PV or any other meteorological variable and on the other hand estimating the amount of energy that a concrete power plant will produce with the estimated meteorological resource.
In general, the way to deal with this difficult problem is usually related to the spatial and temporal scales we are interested in, which yields to different approaches that can be found in the literature. In this sense, it is useful to classify these techniques depending on the forecasting horizon, so it is possible to distinguish between "now-casting" (forecasting 3–4 hours ahead), "short-term forecasting" (up to 7 days ahead) and "long-term forecasting" (months, years…)
Solar radiation is a most important power follower of the physical and biological development in our earth. Its spatial and sequential heterogeneity powerfully influence the forceful of the environmental and hydrological organism by manipulate air temperature, soil moisture and vapor transpiration, snow cover up and lots of photochemical procedure. Therefore, solar radiation drives place efficiency and plant life allotment, organism a key feature in undeveloped and forestry sciences that be obliged to be known precisely. The quantity of solar radiation obtainable at the earth’ surface is at the outset controlled at worldwide balance, organism above all precious by the Sun Earth geometry and the atmosphere. On the other hand, a complete explanation of its freedom time unpredictability require deliberation of limited procedure which frequently turn out to be also applicable, as is the casing in mountainous region. Predominantly, limited territory adjust the inward bound solar radiation by shadow casts, slope of elevation, surface gradient and compass reading, as a result, precise spatial model of inward bound solar radiation be supposed to regard as the pressure of the terrain surface. In the final time, more than a few events to consist of the confined terrain special effects in the solar radiation countryside have been projected, such as the use of Geographical Information Systems (GIS), artificial intelligence or post dispensation of satellite stand technique. Solar radiation can be also evaluate using numerical weather forecast (NWP) models. Nevertheless, the space and time balance determined with them and the incomplete computational ability frequently avoid the deliberation of terrain connected property.
Otherwise, exclamation technique agree to us to acquire spatially persistent database from data evidence at inaccessible station greater than wide region. Even though their dependability is powerfully needy on the opening coldness between position, they eventually rely on experiential statistics, which have a superior precision than extra method. Therefore, while an adequate footage spatial thickness is accessible, disturbance method are preferred. Conventionally, solar radiation has not been as densely example as additional variables as temperature or rainfall, therefore the ease of use of capacity is frequently in short supply. Though, the number of experimental system which record solar radiation has developed and interruption has be converted into an appropriate technique for solar radiation evaluation. Nevertheless, radiometric stations are frequently come together approximately farmland or occupied region, typically during basin and plane area, while mountains at rest require enough footage thickness. This truth is particularly applicable afford the tall spatial unpredictability of solar radiation in these province. As an outcome, particular interruption method that tolerate include outdoor foundation should be used to make clear this extra spatial unpredictability. Several diverse spatial interruption techniques can be established. On the other hand, data ease of use in mountainous region is often extremely restricted. As a result, it is hard to construct a precise solar radiation climatology in hilly area to be used in environmental science, climate change.
Solar radiation is a hardly illustration changeable with reverence to supplementary ecological variables such as temperature or precipitation, in fraction payable to the high maintenance price of the necessary radiometric sensors. It is extremely perceptive to ecological feature on or after local to limited balance. Predominantly, terrain surface confront the conventional interruption method while forecast through far above the ground spatial decision are required, particularly since of the be short of measurement stations in mountainous area. Geo-statistics front a stochastic move toward to resolve the spatial forecast difficulty that stop dependence on before imagine deterministic models and permit us to consist of the consequence of outside in sequence foundation stand on investigation data-sets.
Nowcasting.
Nowcasting comprises the detailed description of the current weather along with forecasts up to 3–4 hours. This very short-term forecasting services are very important for grid operators in order to guarantee the grid stability and for those power plants that can be considered manageable, at least in a certain degree, such as solar thermal power plants.
Nowcasting services are usually related to very high temporal resolution (a forecast every 10 or 15 minutes), so automatic weather data acquisition and processing is a major requirement in order to develop these techniques. Several approaches can be found in the literature, which mainly depend on the type of data that is treated to estimate future values of meteorological variables:
Solar PV short-term forecasting.
"Short-term" forecasting provides predictions up to 7 days ahead. This kind of forecast is also valuable for grid operators in order to make decisions of grid operation, as well as, for electric market operators.
Under this perspective, the meteorological resources are estimated at a different temporal and spatial resolution. This implies that meteorological variables and phenomena are looked from a more general perspective, not as local as nowcasting services do. In this sense, most of the approaches make use of different numerical weather prediction models (NWP) that provide an initial estimation of weather variables. Currently, several models are available for this purpose, such as Global Forecasting Service (GFS) or data provided by the European Center for Medium Range Weather Forecasting (ECMWF) (Ecmwf web site). These two models are considered the state of the art of global forecast models, which provide meteorological forecasts all over the world.
In order to increase spatial and temporal resolution of these models, other models have been developed which are generally called mesoscale models. Among others, HIRLAM, WRF or MM5 are the most representative of these models since they are widely used by different communities.
To run these models a wide expertise is needed in order to obtain accurate results, due to the wide variety of parameters that can be configured in the models. In addition, sophisticated techniques such as data assimilation might be used in order to produce more realistic simulations.
Finally, some communities argue for the use of post-processing techniques, once the models’ output is obtained, in order to obtain a probabilistic point of view of the accuracy of the output. This is usually done with ensemble techniques that mix different outputs of different models perturbed in strategic meteorological values and finally provide a better estimate of those variables and a degree of uncertainty, like in the model proposed by Bacher et al. (2009)
Solar PV long-term forecasting.
"Long-term" forecasting usually refers to forecasting of the annual or monthly available resource. This is useful for energy producers and to negotiate contracts with financial entities or utilities that distribute the generated energy.
In general, these long-term forecasting is usually done at a lower scale than any of the two previous approaches. Hence, most of these models are run with mesoscale models fed with reanalysis data as input and whose output is postprocessed with statistical approaches based on measured data.
Energetic models.
Any output from any model described above must then be converted to the electric energy that a particular solar PV plant will produce. This step is usually done with statistical approaches that try to correlate the amount of available resource with the metered power output. The main advantage of these methods is that the meteorological prediction error, which is the main component of the global error, might be reduced taking into account the uncertainty of the prediction. As it was mentioned before and detailed in "Heinemann et al", these statistical approaches comprises from ARMA models, neural networks, support vector machines, etc.
On the other hand, there also exist theoretical models that describe how a power plant converts the meteorological resource into electric energy, as described in Alonso et al. The main advantage of this type of models is that when they are fitted, they are really accurate, although they are too sensitive to the meteorological prediction error, which is usually amplified by these models.
Hybrid models, finally, are a combination of these two models and they seem to be a promising approach that can outperform each of them individually.
References.
Keywords: Energy meteorology; Solar radiation; Solar radiation forecasting; Solar thermal energy; Clearness index; Lost component

</doc>
<doc id="36519170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519170" title="Park Won-jong">
Park Won-jong

Park Won-jong(korean:박원종;朴元宗,1467-1510) was a Korean Joseon Dynastys politician and soldier. one of maximum merit Jungjong coups. Uncle of Queen Janggyung and Yun Im. Queen Janggyung is wife of King Jungjong of Joseon and foster father of "Lady Gyungbin Park"(경빈 박씨), concubine of Jungjong.

</doc>
<doc id="36519180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519180" title="Currumbin Waters, Queensland">
Currumbin Waters, Queensland

Currumbin Waters is a suburb of Gold Coast, South East Queensland, Australia. According to the 2011 census it had a population of 8,883. There is Tallebudgera Golf Course, which is a 5 minute drive from Currumbin Waters.
Demographics.
In the 2011 Census the population of Currumbin Waters is 8,883, 51.8% female and 48.2% male.
The median/average age of the Currumbin Waters population is 42 years of age, 5 years above the Australian average.
76.7% of people living in Currumbin Waters were born in Australia. The other top responses for country of birth were England 5.3%, New Zealand 4.8%, Germany 0.7%, Scotland 0.6%, South Africa 0.5%.
91% of people speak English as their first language 0.5% German, 0.5% Japanese, 0.2% Tagalog, 0.2% Portuguese, 0.2% Italian.

</doc>
<doc id="36519191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519191" title="The Beach Crew">
The Beach Crew

The Beach Crew is an Australian animated series produced by Victorian-based production company The Beach Crew Productions, distributed by KidsCo and broadcast on KidsCo since June 2010.
The series follows the adventures of Billy Boogie, Sammy Surfboard and Mini Malibu as they protect their beloved beach from the villains Cash Coin and Slimy Seaweed.
Each 5-minute episode (18 in total) incorporates gently educational messaging about the importance of healthy eating as well as fitness and beach/sun safety.

</doc>
<doc id="36519194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519194" title="Norwegian Theatre Critics Award">
Norwegian Theatre Critics Award

The Norwegian Theatre Critics Award ("Den norske Teaterkritikerprisen" or "Kritikerprisen") is awarded by the Norwegian Critics' Association ("Norsk Kritikerlag") and has been awarded every year since 1939 (except 1940-45). For other Norwegian Critics Awards, see the Norwegian Literature Critics Award, which has been awarded every year since 1950, the Norwegian Music Critics Award, which has been awarded every year since 1947, and the Norwegian Dance Critics Award, which has been awarded every year since 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="36519205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519205" title="Ahmad Al Shugairi">
Ahmad Al Shugairi

Ahmad Al Shugairi (), is Saudi media figure born on July 19, 1973 in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. He is known for his program Khawater.
Biography.
He was born in Jeddah, after studying High School in Jeddah he moved to USA he studied B.A Management Systems, and MBA at University of California.
Then he came back to Saudi and started his own business.
He was married twice, he divorced his first wife, and his second wife is Roula Dshisha his Costume designer in Khawater, they have two children Yousef and Ibrahim.
Career.
He started his media career in 2002, in TV program "Yalla Shabab", and program "ِA Travel with ShiekhHamza Yusuf on MBC, he is the star of Khawater, and this year Khawater is in its 10th season.
Publications.
He has many publications such as:
Critical reception.
20 Youth magazine (Magalet Shabab 20) in Emirates placed him the first in its list as the most influential in the Arab world.
He also won the Best youth media personality in the third youth media forum in Jordan, and he was placed 143 in list out of 500 for most influential Arab figures in the Arab world according to survey published by Arabian Business magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="36519206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519206" title="Gaven, Queensland">
Gaven, Queensland

Gaven is a suburb in Gold Coast City, Queensland, Australia.
It is immediately north of Nerang. The eastern boundary of the suburb is marked by the Pacific Highway.
According to the 2011 census it had a population of 1,583.
It was named after a prominent pioneer family involved in politics and was once a part of the Shire of Albert.

</doc>
<doc id="36519220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519220" title="Ee Abbai Chala Manchodu">
Ee Abbai Chala Manchodu

Ee Abbai Chala Manchodu () is a 2003 Telugu film directed by Agathiyan and produced by B. V. S. N. Prasad. The film stars Ravi Teja, Sangeetha and Vani in the lead roles.
Music.
The music of the film was composed by M. M. Keeravani

</doc>
<doc id="36519231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519231" title="Çağlıpınar, Şavşat">
Çağlıpınar, Şavşat

Çağlıpınar is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 49 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519241" title="Seong Hui-ahn">
Seong Hui-ahn

Seong Hui-ahn(korean:성희안;成希顔, 1461–1513) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty politician and Neo-Confucianism Philosopher. .

</doc>
<doc id="36519249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519249" title="Çağlıyan, Şavşat">
Çağlıyan, Şavşat

Çağlıyan is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 102 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519251" title="Andesi Setyo Prabowo">
Andesi Setyo Prabowo

Andesi Setyo Prabowo (born October 1, 1989 in Banyumas) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for Pelita Jaya FC in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36519252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519252" title="Çayağzı, Şavşat">
Çayağzı, Şavşat

Çayağzı is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 165 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519254" title="Tomoyuki Matsuda">
Tomoyuki Matsuda

Tomoyuki Matsuda (born 12 December 1975) is a Japanese sport shooter.
He has represented Japan at 2008 Summer Olympics, where Matsuda got 8th place at the 50 m pistol event and 18th place at the 10 m air pistol event. He will compete at 2012 Summer Olympics, too. Matsuda started his international career in 2002.
He won gold medal in 10m air pistol at World Championships held at Munich in 2010. 

</doc>
<doc id="36519255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519255" title="Çermik, Şavşat">
Çermik, Şavşat

Çermik is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 27 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519259" title="Çoraklı, Şavşat">
Çoraklı, Şavşat

Çoraklı is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 228 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519263" title="Çukur, Şavşat">
Çukur, Şavşat

Çukur is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 215 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519264" title="Demirci, Şavşat">
Demirci, Şavşat

Demirci is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 59 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519266" title="Our Lady of Sorrows Church">
Our Lady of Sorrows Church

Our Lady of Sorrows Church or Church of Our Lady of Sorrows or Our Lady of Sorrows Catholic Church may refer to:
Canada
Chile
Latvia
Malaysia
Pakistan
Slovakia
United Kingdom
United States

</doc>
<doc id="36519267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519267" title="Demirkapı, Şavşat">
Demirkapı, Şavşat

Demirkapı is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 53 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519269" title="Dereiçi, Şavşat">
Dereiçi, Şavşat

Dereiçi is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 157 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519276" title="Dutlu, Şavşat">
Dutlu, Şavşat

Dutlu is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 247 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519279" title="Erikli, Şavşat">
Erikli, Şavşat

Erikli is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 184 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519280" title="Valbuena">
Valbuena

Valbuena is a Spanish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36519281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519281" title="Ilıca, Şavşat">
Ilıca, Şavşat

Ilıca is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 236 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519282" title="Karaağaç, Şavşat">
Karaağaç, Şavşat

Karaağaç is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 99 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519283" title="Karaköy, Şavşat">
Karaköy, Şavşat

Karaköy is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 100 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519287" title="Kayabaşı, Şavşat">
Kayabaşı, Şavşat

Kayabaşı is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 19 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519290" title="Kayadibi, Şavşat">
Kayadibi, Şavşat

Kayadibi is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 246 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519291" title="Ved du hvem du er?">
Ved du hvem du er?

Ved du hvem du er? is the Danish version of the British genealogy documentary series "Who Do You Think You Are?"

</doc>
<doc id="36519292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519292" title="Kirazlı, Şavşat">
Kirazlı, Şavşat

Kirazlı is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 237 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519296" title="Kireçli, Şavşat">
Kireçli, Şavşat

Kireçli is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 353 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519298" title="Kocabey, Şavşat">
Kocabey, Şavşat

Kocabey is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 383 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519303" title="Köprülü, Şavşat">
Köprülü, Şavşat

Köprülü is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 83 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519308" title="Köprüyaka, Şavşat">
Köprüyaka, Şavşat

Köprüyaka is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 175 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519313" title="Kurudere, Şavşat">
Kurudere, Şavşat

Kurudere is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 130 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519318" title="Küplüce, Şavşat">
Küplüce, Şavşat

Küplüce is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 154 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519322" title="Maden, Şavşat">
Maden, Şavşat

Maden is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 175 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519325" title="Meşeli, Şavşat">
Meşeli, Şavşat

Meşeli is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 232 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519330" title="Political assassinations in post-apartheid South Africa">
Political assassinations in post-apartheid South Africa

There have been a number of political assassinations in post-apartheid South Africa. Many have been ascribed to battles around patronage within the ruling African National Congress and it has been suggested that there was an escalation of political assassinations in the lead up to the 2010 FIFA World Cup. However not all assassinations are a result of conflict within the ruling party. The National Freedom Party led by Zanele Magwaza-Msibi, with its base largely in KwaZulu-Natal, claims that 21 of its members have been killed since the party was founded in early 2011. The Inkatha Freedom Party claims that ten of its elected representatives have been murdered. According to the "Daily Maverick" there have been "59 political murders in the last five years".
According to Raymond Suttner "assassinations have become a regularised way of deciding on leadership and access to wealth within the ANC and its allies".
Location of assassinations.
It has been argued that the situation is particularly bad in the provinces of Mpumalanga and KwaZulu-Natal with KwaZulu-Natal being, by far, the worst. KwaZulu-Natal has been described as the "epicenter of political violence" while Mpumalanga has been described as "notorious for political assassinations" Fourteen assassinations have been documented in Mpumalanga and 450 in KwaZulu-Natal. It has been reported that "Since the beginning of 2011, the murder of people with high political profiles has been confined almost exclusively to KwaZulu-Natal, with 27 in the province since February 2011. According to the ANC 38 of its members have been assassinated in KwaZulu-Natal since the beginning of 2011. It has been suggested that support for murders in the taxi industry in KwaZulu-Natal by leading figures in the ruling party legitimated the use of violence in the democratic era which then spilled over into the political sphere.
Conviction rates and a possible 'licence to kill'.
There has been one conviction in response to the fourteen assassinations in Mpumalanga and four in KwaZulu-Natal for the forty two assassinations leading one researcher to conclude that some people are starting to believe there may be a "general licence for political killings" but that "this may only be available to people in certain political positions".

</doc>
<doc id="36519334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519334" title="Oba, Şavşat">
Oba, Şavşat

Oba, Şavşat is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 60 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519337" title="Otluca, Şavşat">
Otluca, Şavşat

Otluca, Şavşat is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 84 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519339" title="Pınarlı, Şavşat">
Pınarlı, Şavşat

Pınarlı is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 694 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519340" title="Savaş, Şavşat">
Savaş, Şavşat

Savaş is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 222 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519344" title="Saylıca, Şavşat">
Saylıca, Şavşat

Saylıca is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 18 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519352" title="Sebzeli, Şavşat">
Sebzeli, Şavşat

Sebzeli is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 129 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519354" title="Susuz, Şavşat">
Susuz, Şavşat

Susuz is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 100 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519355" title="Şalcı, Şavşat">
Şalcı, Şavşat

Şalcı is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 129 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519357" title="Şenköy, Şavşat">
Şenköy, Şavşat

Şenköy is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 67 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519360" title="Şenocak, Şavşat">
Şenocak, Şavşat

Şenocak is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 95 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519361" title="Tepebaşı, Şavşat">
Tepebaşı, Şavşat

Tepebaşı is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 87 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519363" title="Tepeköy, Şavşat">
Tepeköy, Şavşat

Tepeköy is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 380 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519364" title="Üzümlü, Şavşat">
Üzümlü, Şavşat

Üzümlü is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 79 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519365" title="Veliköy, Şavşat">
Veliköy, Şavşat

Veliköy is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 261 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519368" title="Fishbone (disambiguation)">
Fishbone (disambiguation)

Fishbone is a bone from a fish
Fishbone may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36519369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519369" title="Yağlı, Şavşat">
Yağlı, Şavşat

Yağlı is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 69 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519372" title="Yamaçlı, Şavşat">
Yamaçlı, Şavşat

Yamaçlı, Şavşat is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 74 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519374" title="Yaşar, Şavşat">
Yaşar, Şavşat

Yaşar is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 41 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519377" title="Yavuzköy, Şavşat">
Yavuzköy, Şavşat

Yavuzköy is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011 it had a population of 427 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519378" title="Yeşilce, Şavşat">
Yeşilce, Şavşat

Yeşilce is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 87 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519380" title="Yoncalı, Şavşat">
Yoncalı, Şavşat

Yoncalı is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 216 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519383" title="Yukarıkoyunlu, Şavşat">
Yukarıkoyunlu, Şavşat

Yukarıkoyunlu is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 133 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519384" title="Ziyaret, Şavşat">
Ziyaret, Şavşat

Ziyaret is a village in the District of Şavşat, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2011, it had a population of 124 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519410" title="Sergey Karasev">
Sergey Karasev

Sergey Vasiliyevich Karasev (; born October 26, 1993) is a Russian professional basketball player who currently plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He previously played for Triumph Lyubertsy. He was drafted with the 19th pick in the 2013 NBA draft by the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Professional career.
With the VTB United League club Triumph Lyubertsy, Karasev averaged 16.1 points per game during the 2012–13 season of the 2nd-tier European league, the Eurocup. On April 3, 2013, Karasev decided to declare for the 2013 NBA draft.
Karasev was drafted 19th overall by the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2013 NBA draft. On August 20, 2013, he signed with the Cavaliers. During his rookie season, he had multiple assignments with the Canton Charge of the NBA D-League.
Russian national team.
Karasev played with the junior national teams of Russia. He played at the 2009 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship. He also won the silver medal at the 2010 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, and the bronze medal at the 2011 FIBA Under-19 World Championship.
He was named to the senior men's Russia national basketball team roster for the 2012 Summer Olympic Games in London.
Personal life.
Karasev is the son of former Russian international player and current Triumph Lyubertsy head coach, Vasily Karasev. He also used to play under his father during his time with Triumph Lyubertsy, as well as for Russia's national team during Eurobasket 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36519420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519420" title="Altıparmak, Yusufeli">
Altıparmak, Yusufeli

Altıparmak is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 469 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519422" title="Arpacık, Yusufeli">
Arpacık, Yusufeli

Arpacık is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 138 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519423" title="Avcılar, Yusufeli">
Avcılar, Yusufeli

Avcılar is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 154 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519424" title="Bademkaya, Yusufeli">
Bademkaya, Yusufeli

Bademkaya is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 100 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519425" title="Bahçeli, Yusufeli">
Bahçeli, Yusufeli

Bahçeli is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 106 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519428" title="Bakırtepe, Yusufeli">
Bakırtepe, Yusufeli

Bakırtepe is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 116 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519431" title="Brian J. Dooley">
Brian J. Dooley

Brian J. Dooley (born 1963) is an Irish human rights activist and author. He is the Director of Human Rights Defenders at Human Rights First based in Washington DC.
Background.
Dooley leads Human Rights First's efforts to ensure that human rights defenders can work free from harm and interference, engaging with the U.S. and other governments to end threats and obstacles to human rights work.
For the 20 years prior to joining Human Rights First, Brian worked for U.S., Irish and international NGOs. He has written for and is regularly quoted in international print and broadcast media including the Washington Post, New York Times, BBC, CNN and Al Jazeera, and has a column in the Huffington Post. During the 1980s and 1990s he was a literary critic for the UK newspaper The Guardian, and for The Irish Times.
For several years Brian led Amnesty International's work on partnering with national NGOs in the global South. Brian has also worked as Head of Media for Amnesty International in London and in Dublin, and as Director of Communications for Public Citizen in Washington, D.C.
He is the author of several books about civil rights and U.S. politics, and had early experience on the Hill, interning for Senator Edward Kennedy in the mid-80s as a legislative researcher, contributing to what ultimately became the 1986 Anti-Apartheid Act.
Before that, he lived and worked as an English teacher and community organizer in a black township in South Africa in 1981-1982 in defiance of apartheid's racial segregation laws. Other human rights work included helping establish Baltic Pride marches 2007–2010.
His work for Amnesty International included being on research teams sent to conflicts in Lebanon 2006 and Gaza 2009, and on the ambassador of Conscience Award project for Nelson Mandela in 2005.
Dooley has an MPhil in Government and Politics from the Open University, and a B.A. with honors in Political Science from the University of East Anglia. He represented The University of East Anglia at cricket and football, and the George Washington University in Washington DC at football (soccer).
Books.
Dooley has written 3 books, ""Black and Green: The Fight for Civil Rights in Northern Ireland & Black America"" about the historic links between the civil rights movements in Northern Ireland and the US, ""Robert Kennedy: The Final Years"" a political biography of Bobby Kennedy, and ""Choosing the Green?"" about the Irish diaspora and the Irish conflict.
Bahraini uprising.
During the Bahraini uprising, Brian has produced a series of reports and articles highly critical of the Bahraini regime which were featured in the international press. A November 2013 report urged the U.S. to change its approach on Bahrain - Plan B for Bahrain: What the U.S. government should do next.
He is a speaker on human rights issues at government, academic, and think tank events and has testified at U.S. Congressional hearings on the threats to civil society and human rights worldwide
He was denied access to Bahrain in January 2012 which promoted members of US Congress to complain to the government of Bahrain. Admitted to Bahrain in March 2012, he has been refused access to the country since, despite repeated requests to enter.
The denial of Dooley's access to Bahrain was documented in the U.S. State Department's 2012 and 2013 Country Reports.
The Bahrain Ambassador to the US wrote a blog in 2012 criticizing Dooley, entitled "Responding to Brian Dooley's Article in Foreign Policy" and Brian invited the ambassador for a public debate, which was refused.
Human rights in Egypt.
In March 2013 and May 2013 he authored reports critical of the Morsi government in Egypt and reported from Cairo in August 2013 on the government's decision to clear the Muslim Brotherhood protests. In January 2014 he was in Cairo reporting on Egypt's constitutional referendum and authored a report on the continuing crackdown on human rights in Egypt which called for an overhaul of U.S. government policy towards Egypt.
Mandela Legacy.
On the death of Nelson Mandela in December 2013 Dooley provided analysis and media commentary on the legacy of Mandela, including in the New York Times, NPR, Al Jazeera, Huffington Post and various other international media.

</doc>
<doc id="36519432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519432" title="Balalan, Yusufeli">
Balalan, Yusufeli

Balalan is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 94 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519439" title="Balcılı, Yusufeli">
Balcılı, Yusufeli

Balcılı is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 145 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519441" title="Max Black (politician)">
Max Black (politician)

Max C. Black (born July 2, 1936 in Delta, Utah) is a Republican Idaho State Representative representing District 15 in the B seat since 1993. Black announced his retirement from the legislature in 2012.
Education.
Black graduated from Delta High School and earned his bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="36519443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519443" title="Kitzinger">
Kitzinger

Kitzinger is the surname of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="36519444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519444" title="Bıçakçılar, Yusufeli">
Bıçakçılar, Yusufeli

Bıçakçılar is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 612 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519446" title="Bostancı, Yusufeli">
Bostancı, Yusufeli

Bostancı is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 610 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519448" title="Boyalı, Yusufeli">
Boyalı, Yusufeli

Boyalı is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 113 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519450" title="Cevizlik, Yusufeli">
Cevizlik, Yusufeli

Cevizlik is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 252 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519452" title="Hāmi Te Māunu">
Hāmi Te Māunu

Hāmi Te Māunu was a "rangatira" (hereditary Maori leader) of Ngāti Mutunga who was born in 1823 in North Taranaki. Hami's father was Te Herepounamu of Ngāti Mutunga, Ngāti Kinohaku and Ngāti Rārua. Te Herepounamu was also called Koteriki. Using aliases in different stages of life was a common practice amongst New Zealand Māori people. Hāmi's mother was Oriwia. Oriwia was of the Ngāti Mutunga, Ngāti Toa and Ngāti Raukawa iwi. Together Te Herepounamu and Oriwia had 3 children. The eldest was Makareta, then Hāmi, and one final daughter Hēni. Hāmi Te Māunu was also known as Hamuera Koteriki and Hamiora Te Herepounamu.
Hāmi married Maea Tarata and is recorded as having four daughters, Horiana, Te Ata Hāmuera, Heni Hāmuera, and Rakera Hāmuera , and one son, Whakaheke. All of Hāmi’s biological children predeceased him, and later in life, he took under "whāngai" arrangement with his sister Makareta, a distant relative and girl, Ngāropi Tūhata. He also took as "whāngai", his biological nephew, the son of his younger sister Hēni, Tīwai Pōmare.
The "kāinga" (abode) of all of Te Herepounamu’s children were shared in common throughout their lifetimes. In 1831 , the two eldest children (Makareta 9 years old, and Hami 8 years old) left Taranaki with a number of Ngāti Mutunga. This correlates with the time that the Tama Te Uaua migration to Wellington occurred . They stayed there together for 4–5 years prior to their departure to Wharekauri when Te Herepounamu invaded with Ngāti Mutunga and Ngāti Tama. 
Having lived on Wharekauri for almost 30 years Te Herepounamu's children returned to Urenui, in north Taranaki where they continued to reside with short intervals at Parihaka and for Hami a short sojourn to Wharekauri in 1870 for Native Land Court title investigation sittings before returning to Urenui.
The Male Heir.
Hāmi Te Māunu was the only male heir to the mana of Te Herepounamu. As such, when the Native Land Court began individualising titles to previously communally owned customary Maori land, Hāmi became the major individual land holder on behalf of his whānau, often to the exclusion of his sisters and their children.
Land Grants.
Hāmi Te Māunu was an original individual land grantee in the following land blocks after title investigations were conducted by the Native Land Court from 1870 or through Crown Grants of confiscated land through the West Coast Commission of 1880. 
Heni died first c1874 – 1876, followed later by Hāmi in 1901, and finally Makareta in 1904. All three siblings are believed to be buried on Okoki pa at Urenui.

</doc>
<doc id="36519455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519455" title="Çağlıyan, Yusufeli">
Çağlıyan, Yusufeli

Çağlıyan is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 32 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519457" title="Çamlıca, Yusufeli">
Çamlıca, Yusufeli

Çamlıca is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 124 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519459" title="Çeltikdüzü, Yusufeli">
Çeltikdüzü, Yusufeli

Çeltikdüzü is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 415 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519461" title="Çevreli, Yusufeli">
Çevreli, Yusufeli

Çevreli is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 683 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519464" title="Çıralı, Yusufeli">
Çıralı, Yusufeli

Çıralı is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 181 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519469" title="Dağeteği, Yusufeli">
Dağeteği, Yusufeli

Dağeteği is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 140 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519470" title="Barrie Lambert">
Barrie Lambert

Dame Florence Barraclough Lambert DBE (13 August 1871 – 11 December 1957), commonly known as Barrie Lambert or Florence Barrie Lambert, was a British physician and public health administrator.
Lambert was born in Northwick Park, Harrow, London, the daughter of Thomas Henry Lambert, a solicitor and coal importer, and his wife Sarah Ann (née Harrison). She was educated in France and then trained as a nurse at the London Hospital from 1895 to 1898. From 1899 to 1901 she served in the South African War as a nursing sister with the Imperial Yeomanry. On her return to England she trained as a doctor at the London School of Medicine for Women, qualifying as MBBS from the University of Durham in 1906. In 1907 she obtained a Diploma in Public Health (DPH) from the University of Cambridge.
With a private income, Lambert devoted much time to voluntary child welfare work, becoming honorary director of the Central Council for Infant and Child Welfare, honorary secretary of the Central Council for the Care of Cripples, and a member of council of the Invalid Children's Aid Society. She undertook postgraduate study in physical medicine at the University of Stockholm and then obtained her first paid medical position as physician-in-charge of the mechano-therapeutic department of the Charing Cross Hospital in London and also worked in the departments at St Mary's Hospital and the Royal Free Hospital.
In 1915 she was appointed Inspector of Military Massage and Electrical Services in the Royal Army Medical Corps with the honorary rank of major and also became a member of the Electro-Medical Committee of the War Office. She held these posts throughout the rest of the First World War until, in 1919, she was appointed a medical officer with the new Ministry of Health, responsible for the inspection of local authority child welfare and orthopaedic services throughout the country. She was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in January 1920 for her wartime services.
In 1921, however, she resigned to enter politics. In March 1922 she was elected an alderman of London County Council for the Municipal Reform Party (Conservative Party from 1945) and almost immediately joined the Public Health Committee, chairing it from 1928. In 1930 it became the Central Health Committee and later the Hospital and Medical Services Committee and took over the 76 hospitals formerly administered by the Metropolitan Asylums Board. She remained chairman until 1934, when the Municipal Reform Party lost its majority, but continued to sit on the committee and co-operate closely with her successor as chairman, Somerville Hastings. In 1938 she was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE).
With the creation of the National Health Service in 1948, she was appointed to the South-East Metropolitan Regional Hospital Board and chaired the Nursing Committee. She also continued to sit on the LCC Health Committee until she resigned from the council in 1952. She was also vice-president of the Medical Defence Union.
Lambert died at her home at 1 Langton Ridge, Langton Green, Kent, on 11 December 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="36519473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519473" title="Darıca, Yusufeli">
Darıca, Yusufeli

Darıca is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 251 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519474" title="Ryu Sun-jeong">
Ryu Sun-jeong

Ryu Sun-jeong(Korean:류순정/유순정;柳順汀, 1459–1512) was a Korean Joseon Dynastys politicians and Neo-Confucianism Philosophers and Prime minister of Joseon Dynastys in 1512. he was one of maximum merit Jungjong coups. leader of participation coup of Neo-Confucianism Philosophers and scholars. disciple of Kim Jong-jik.

</doc>
<doc id="36519484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519484" title="Panelefsiniakos B.C.">
Panelefsiniakos B.C.

Panelefsiniakos B.C., or Paneleusian B.C., is a Greek professional basketball club that is located in Eleusis, Athens, Greece. Panelefsiniakos B.C. is the basketball section of the Greek sports athletic union Panelefsiniakos A.O.K. Eleusina. The club is also commonly known as Elefsina B.C.
History.
The club's parent athletic association, Panelefsiniakos A.O.K. Eleusina, was founded in the year 1931. The club's basketball section, Panelefsiniakos B.C., was founded in the year 1969. Panelefsiniakos B.C. won the Greek Second Division championship in 2012. 
The club competed in the top Greek Basket League, for the first time, in the 2012-13 season.
Arenas.
Panelefsiniakos can play its home games at either the 1,100 seat Elefsina Indoor Hall, or at the 4,000 seat Peristeri Indoor Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="36519489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519489" title="Santa Rosa Island Range Complex">
Santa Rosa Island Range Complex

The Santa Rosa Island Range Complex, is a component of the Eglin AFB testing range, located 17.5 miles west-southwest of the main base, on Santa Rosa Island, Florida.
Overview.
The complex is part of the Eglin AFB overwater range that provides 86,500 square miles of overwater airspace that is jointly used for a variety of test and evaluation activities and training exercises. Range operations rely on land-based radar and electro-optical time-space-position-information systems to monitor and transfer test data to the Central Control Facility on Eglin AFB. These instrumentation systems, located on Santa Rosa Island and other locations provide coverage for test and evaluation activities in the Gulf of Mexico.
The use of Santa Rosa Island (SRI) is evolving due to changes in threats to national security and the effects of hurricanes over the past decade. The SRI complex is used for Expanded Surf Zone Testing/Training, SABRE Mine Clearing Testing, Beach Obstacle Clearing and Neutralization, Small Boat Obscurant Testing, Expanded OA-HITL Tower Testing, Live Fire, Expanded Special Operations Training, Amphibious Assaults, and Expanded LCAC Training/Testing.
Sites.
Operational sites on SRI include the following locations:
.* Located on non-government controlled property on SRI.
History.
World War II.
Established during World War II, the complex is a government controlled part of the island. In June 1944, Germany began bombarding England, especially London, with the V-1 flying bomb. In July 1944, parts of a V-1 salvaged by the Polish underground and recovered from crashed but unexploded bombs, were flown to Wright-Patterson Field and within three weeks America had completed its first copy of a V-1, the Republic-Ford JB-2, the United States’ first operational guided missile and the predecessor of the modern cruise missile. Eglin Field was chosen to test launching techniques. Eglin received its first JB-2 for testing in the fall of 1944. Three sites were created on Eglin’s Gulf-side property, all designed to test different launching techniques. 
Two sites are located within a half mile of each other on Santa Rosa Island, on Air Force property. Recorded as Florida archeological sites 8OK246 and 8OK248, the remnants of these two JB-2 test sites, along with bunkers and debris fields from unsuccessful test flights, were identified as part of Eglin’s initial historic property inventory. After identification, these were evaluated for historic significance and subsequently added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on April 19, 1996.
Access to the sites are restricted by the National Park Service and the United States Air Force.
A third launching site, is now located on the Coffeen Nature Preserve, a Sierra Club property east of Destin, Florida, featured a concrete inclined launch ramp. Steam-powered and portable ramps were also tested at this site.
All of the Eglin launchings were directed south to the Gulf of Mexico. The targets were buoys placed at measured distances, up to 150 miles, to which the headings and range of the guidance system were adjusted. There is no evidence that live warheads were used, as many of the wrecks examined by Eglin archeologists have concrete ballast filling the warhead compartment. 
With the sudden end of the war, the Army Air Force had 1,300 JB-2s in its arsenal. On January 26, 1946, Army Air Forces created the 1st Experimental Guided Missiles Group to develop and test the missiles at Eglin. The JB-2 testing at Santa Rosa continued until March 1946, when the project was canceled. After cancellation, the reusable portions of the sites were disassembled. However, the debris from crashes was left where it fell, and one or more surplus complete JB-2s are reported to have been buried in the surrounding dunes.
Cold War.
As the Cold War heated up, the highly-instrumented Eglin Gulf Test Range was built and supported flight tests of the CIM-10 Bomarc, MGM-1 Matador, ADM-20 Quail, and AGM-28 Hound Dog aerodynamic missiles. 
The first BOMARC launch from Santa Rosa Island occurred on 15 January 1959. From 1959 through 1960, the BOMARC A underwent continual testing at site A-15, flying against various drone aircraft. In the early 1960s testing continued with the BOMARC B model. Designated the IM-99B, this missile underwent its inaugural service test on 13 April 13, 1960. On 3 March 1961, an IM-99B demonstrated the ability to intercept a target at a range of over 400 miles at an altitude of over 80,000 feet. The test program for BOMARC A and B concluded in August 1963 after nearly 150 launches. BOMARC B launchings continued into the 1970s as each of the USAF and Canadian Air Defense Missile Squadrons took turns conducting missile shoots.
Both the military and NASA have used SRI to support launch of atmospheric sounding rockets in support of their programs.

</doc>
<doc id="36519501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519501" title="Park Towne Place Apartment Homes">
Park Towne Place Apartment Homes

Park Towne Place Apartment Homes is a historic apartment complex located in the Franklintown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The complex consists of four, 20-story buildings, a one-story restaurant, underground parking garage, and pool and spa complex. They were built between 1957 and 1959, and are in the International style. The buildings are parallelpiped-shaped, constructed of reinforced concrete, with limestone-tan brick, white marble, and bright aluminum trim and glass.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36519502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519502" title="Costel Enache">
Costel Enache

Costel Enache (born 11 March 1973) is a Romanian football coach and former player. He is currentely a free agent.
Club career.
He was appointed as head coach of Liga II club CSMS Iași in the summer of 2013, only to be released 6 months later due to bad results.

</doc>
<doc id="36519507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519507" title="Demirdöven, Yusufeli">
Demirdöven, Yusufeli

Demirdöven is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 151 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519508" title="Wolfe von Lenkiewicz">
Wolfe von Lenkiewicz

Wolfe von Lenkiewicz (born 1966) is a British artist known for his artistic reconfigurations of well-known imageries from art history and visual culture to create ambiguous compositions that question art historical discourses. He lives and works in London.
Early life and education.
Wolfe von Lenkiewicz was born in Dartmoor, England, in 1966 to Celia Norman and the British painter Robert Lenkiewicz. He is of German-Polish-Jewish descent, with his great-grandfather being Baron von Schlossberg, court painter to King Ludwig II of Bavaria. Lenkiewicz was educated at University of York, graduating in 1989 with a degree in Philosophy.
Artistic career.
Lenkiewicz exhibited 33 drawings including 3 large-scale works at his first major exhibition, Nu-Trinity, at Dickinson in 2007. Richard Dyer described the exhibition as 'an iconographic investigation into the power inherent in certain images and events, and the mythos associated with them'. Lenkiewicz’s works have since then been exhibited internationally, including Tate Britain and All Visual Arts in London, Triumph Gallery in Moscow, Palais des Beaux-Arts in Lille, as well as in Dublin, Hamburg, Berlin and Venice.
His works primarily deal with the appropriation of language and mythology by juxtaposing elements such as religious figures, pop culture icons, literary characters and motifs. Lenkiewicz’s drawings and paintings often reference iconic imageries, including those by Albrecht Dürer, Pablo Picasso, Andy Warhol, and Hieronymus Bosch. Lenkiewicz transforms Dürer’s "Self-Portrait" (1500) in his "Werewolf" (2011), referencing Jacques Derrida's "The Beast and the Sovereign".
Lenkiewicz is represented by All Visual Arts.
Selected exhibitions.
In 2009, Lenkiewicz’s solo exhibition titled The Descent of Man exhibited over 80 works in a former landmark bank building by Arthur Beresford Pite in London. In the following year, Lenkiewicz’s Victory Over the Sum opened in Triumph Gallery in Moscow, showcasing works including "But, but I am a Legend" (2010), a painting in which motifs such as Marie-Therese Walter’s head from Picasso’s portrait and François Boucher’s Odalisque have been assimilated into the iconic "Guernica" (1937).
Lenkiewicz has participated in many group exhibitions including Zwei Sammler: Thomas Olbricht und Harald Falckenberg in Deichtorhallen, Hamburg in 2011; as well as Babel, in Palais des Beaux-Arts, Lille in 2012. At Deichtorhallen, Lenkiewicz exhibited "Ace of Spades" (2009), which is in the collection of German collector Thomas Olbricht.
Lenkiewicz's latest body of works are inspired by Hieronymus Bosch, transforming "The Garden of Earthly Delights" (ca.1490) into a 'post-historic, trans-cultural manuscript'.

</doc>
<doc id="36519510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519510" title="Demirkent, Yusufeli">
Demirkent, Yusufeli

Demirkent is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 354 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519513" title="Demirköy, Yusufeli">
Demirköy, Yusufeli

Demirköy is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 205 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519516" title="Dereiçi, Yusufeli">
Dereiçi, Yusufeli

Dereiçi is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 510 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519525" title="Dokumacılar, Yusufeli">
Dokumacılar, Yusufeli

Dokumacılar is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 467 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519526" title="Erenköy, Yusufeli">
Erenköy, Yusufeli

Erenköy is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 145 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519529" title="Esendal, Yusufeli">
Esendal, Yusufeli

Esendal is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 200 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519533" title="Esenyaka, Yusufeli">
Esenyaka, Yusufeli

Esenyaka is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 286 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519535" title="Gümüşözü, Yusufeli">
Gümüşözü, Yusufeli

Gümüşözü is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 73 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519536" title="Scott Silveri">
Scott Silveri

Scott Silveri is an American television producer and writer.
He is the creator of "Go On", the co-creator of "Perfect Couples" with Jon Pollack, and the co-creator of "Joey" with his now-wife Shana Goldberg-Meehan. He was also a writer and executive producer on "Friends".
Personal life.
Silveri married fellow "Friends" writer and "Joey" co-creator Shana Goldberg-Meehan in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36519538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519538" title="Günyayla, Yusufeli">
Günyayla, Yusufeli

Günyayla is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 67 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519539" title="Havuzlu, Yusufeli">
Havuzlu, Yusufeli

Havuzlu is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 85 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519541" title="Irmakyanı, Yusufeli">
Irmakyanı, Yusufeli

Irmakyanı is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 152 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519543" title="İnanlı, Yusufeli">
İnanlı, Yusufeli

İnanlı is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 54 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519548" title="Decatastrophizing">
Decatastrophizing

In cognitive therapy, decatastrophizing or decatastrophization is a cognitive restructuring technique to treat cognitive distortions, such as magnification and catastrophizing, commonly seen in psychological disorders like anxiety and psychosis.
The technique consists of confronting the worst-case scenario of a feared event or object, using mental imagery to examine whether the effects of the event or object have been overestimated (magnified or exaggerated) and where the patient's coping skills have been underestimated. The term was coined by Albert Ellis, and various versions of the technique have been developed, most notably by Aaron T. Beck.
Decatastrophizing is also called the "what if" technique, because the worst-case scenario is confronted by asking: "What if the feared event or object happened, what would occur then?"
The following is an example:

</doc>
<doc id="36519549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519549" title="İşhan, Yusufeli">
İşhan, Yusufeli

İşhan is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 396 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519553" title="Kınalıçam, Yusufeli">
Kınalıçam, Yusufeli

Kınalıçam is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 488 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519556" title="Kirazalan, Yusufeli">
Kirazalan, Yusufeli

Kirazalan is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 147 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519559" title="Kömürlü, Yusufeli">
Kömürlü, Yusufeli

Kömürlü is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 125 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519561" title="Bowen v. Kendrick">
Bowen v. Kendrick

Bowen v. Kendrick, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court upheld the constitutionality of the Adolescent Family Life Act. 

</doc>
<doc id="36519562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519562" title="Köprügören, Yusufeli">
Köprügören, Yusufeli

Köprügören is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 315 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519564" title="Küplüce, Yusufeli">
Küplüce, Yusufeli

Küplüce is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 232 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519567" title="Morkaya, Yusufeli">
Morkaya, Yusufeli

Morkaya is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 438 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519569" title="Mutlugün, Yusufeli">
Mutlugün, Yusufeli

Mutlugün is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 165 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519571" title="Narlık, Yusufeli">
Narlık, Yusufeli

Narlık is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 98 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519579" title="Montfort Ecomuseum">
Montfort Ecomuseum

The Ecomuseum of the district of Montfort is a French ecomuseum located in Montfort-sur-Meu, at 25 km from Rennes, near the forest of Paimpont.
Construction of the ecomuseum.
The project of the ecomuseum was initiated thanks to the meeting between M. Dagon de la Conterie, director of Cultural Affairs of Brittany, Simone Morand, and André Ronceray in June 1979 and also to the support of Maurice Blanchard, deputy of culture at the town hall of Montfort.
The transfer in the tower.
Gaby Marcon, conservative who will leave the ecomuseum in 1994, had the same delicate work to assure the transfer of the ecomuseum in the tower and to undertake the diversification of the activities. This year assured the durability of the ecomuseum. Inauguration og the Tower the Saturday, 30 June 1984 which becomes "House of the district" and houses the ecomuseum but also the Tourist board during summer. Works started in 1979 and finished in 1987. The whole building, with its annexes (office, reception, temporary and permanent exhibition rooms) will only be finished in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36519600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519600" title="Ormandibi, Yusufeli">
Ormandibi, Yusufeli

Ormandibi is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 121 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519602" title="Öğdem, Yusufeli">
Öğdem, Yusufeli

Öğdem is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 145 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519604" title="Özgüven, Yusufeli">
Özgüven, Yusufeli

Özgüven is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 93 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519609" title="Pamukçular, Yusufeli">
Pamukçular, Yusufeli

Pamukçular is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 515 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519612" title="Sebzeciler, Yusufeli">
Sebzeciler, Yusufeli

Sebzeciler is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 131 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519614" title="Serinsu, Yusufeli">
Serinsu, Yusufeli

Serinsu is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 30 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519617" title="Sütlüce, Yusufeli">
Sütlüce, Yusufeli

Sütlüce is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 89 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519622" title="Tarakçılar, Yusufeli">
Tarakçılar, Yusufeli

Tarakçılar is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 43 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519624" title="Taşkıran, Yusufeli">
Taşkıran, Yusufeli

Taşkıran is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 381 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519625" title="Tekkale, Yusufeli">
Tekkale, Yusufeli

Tekkale is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 680 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519626" title="Yağcılar, Yusufeli">
Yağcılar, Yusufeli

Yağcılar is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 174 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519629" title="Yamaçüstü, Yusufeli">
Yamaçüstü, Yusufeli

Yamaçüstü is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 403 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519631" title="Yarbaşı, Yusufeli">
Yarbaşı, Yusufeli

Yarbaşı is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 143 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519635" title="Yaylalar, Yusufeli">
Yaylalar, Yusufeli

Yaylalar is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 185 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519638" title="Yeniköy, Yusufeli">
Yeniköy, Yusufeli

Yeniköy is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 188 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519642" title="Yokuşlu, Yusufeli">
Yokuşlu, Yusufeli

Yokuşlu is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 132 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519644" title="Yüksekoba, Yusufeli">
Yüksekoba, Yusufeli

Yüksekoba is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 116 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519645" title="Yüncüler, Yusufeli">
Yüncüler, Yusufeli

Yüncüler is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 410 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519647" title="2012 Rogers Cup">
2012 Rogers Cup

The 2012 Rogers Cup presented by National Bank (known as such for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 123rd edition (for the men) and the 111th (for the women) of the Canadian Open, and was part of the ATP World Tour Masters 1000 of the 2012 ATP World Tour, and of the WTA Premier 5 tournaments of the 2012 WTA Tour. The women's and legends' events were held at the Uniprix Stadium in Montreal, from August 4 to August 13 and the men's event at the Rexall Centre in Toronto, from August 4 to August 12.
Points and prize money.
Prize money.
All money is in U$:
ATP singles main draw entrants.
Seeds.
The following players were seeded in the main singles draw, following the ATP Rankings of July 30, 2012:
Other entrants.
The following players received wild cards into the main singles draw:
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
ATP doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
The following pair received entry as alternates:
WTA singles main draw entrants.
Seeds.
The following players were seeded in the main singles draw, following the WTA Rankings of July 30, 2012:
Other entrants.
The following players received wild cards into the main singles draw:
The following players received entry from the singles qualifying draw:
The following players received entry as a lucky loser:
WTA doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
The following pair received entry as alternates:

</doc>
<doc id="36519648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519648" title="Zeytincik, Yusufeli">
Zeytincik, Yusufeli

Zeytincik is a village in the District of Yusufeli, Artvin Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 65 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519665" title="Mathieu Theodore Breker">
Mathieu Theodore Breker

Mathieu Theodore "Matt" Breker (February 15, 1928 – November 20, 2008) was a farmer, pharmacist and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Humboldt from 1964 to 1971 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Liberal.
He was born in Englefeld, Saskatchewan and was educated in Humboldt and at the University of Saskatchewan, receiving a B.A. and a BSc in pharmacy. Breker was defeated by Edwin Tchorzewski when he ran for reelection to the assembly in 1971. He was mayor of Humboldt from 1973 to 1980 and from 1985 to 1990. Breker died at St. Mary's Villa in Humboldt at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="36519679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519679" title="Alexander family hostage crisis">
Alexander family hostage crisis

On the evening of 18 November 1997, South African military attache McGill Alexander and his family were taken hostage for approximately twenty-one hours by wanted fugitive Chen Chin-hsing in their home in Taipei, Taiwan.
Events leading up to the crisis.
Chen Chin-hsing previously was involved in the murder of Pai Hsiao-yen, the daughter of famed Taiwanese actress Pai Ping-ping. His wife and two other relatives were imprisoned for their alleged involvement in the murder while he was on the run.
The crisis.
At around 7:00 PM Taiwan time, Chen Chin-hsing forcibly entered the Alexander house via the garage. The first person to see him was McGill Alexander's twelve year old daughter, Christine, who was playing piano at the time. Chen put his arm around her neck, and forced her to walk upstairs, where the rest of the family was.
Chen instructed Mrs. Alexander at gunpoint to call CNN. She phoned her friend Michael, who worked at CNN. Within an hour, media were alerted to the situation and police officers surrounded the house.
Shooting starts.
As police surrounded the house, they reportedly taunted Chen. As the police advanced towards the house, after Chen had warned them to stay away, Chen opened fire with one of his guns. The other one was kept pointed at Melanie, whom he was using as a human shield.
After repeated begging by Mr. Alexander, Chen released Melanie and instead took Mr. Alexander as a human shield. By this point, the police had entered the house via the garage door. Chen fired shots at the policemen surging up the stairs to his position, and they retreated to the garage.
As Chen was firing at police, one of his shots went through Melanie's wrist and into her back, lodging between two arteries in her pelvis. Mr. Alexander was also shot in the leg.
Negotiations.
Chen had promised to release the hostages if Frank Hsieh, a renowned politician, personally came to negotiate the release of his wife and brother.
At 9:00 PM Taiwan time, Frank Hsieh arrived. Negotiations started at 10:00 with success in ensuring the release of Mr. Alexander and his daughter Christine for treatment of their wounds sustained.
Further negotiations ended in the release of the family's foster son and Christine. Mrs. Alexander was the last hostage released by Chen. The release of Mrs. Alexander on 19 November 1997 brought an end to the crisis. Police announced an end to the crisis at 4:00 PM.
Capture and execution of Chen.
After the hostages were released, police seized Chen. Chen was found guilty on charges including sexual assault, kidnapping, and murder and executed on 16 October 1999.
Aftermath.
After the event, the Alexanders publicly forgave Chen before his execution. Additionally, as a longstanding result of the crisis, Taiwanese police developed better tactics to combat hostage situations.
Mr. Alexander wrote a book about the event, "Hostage in Taipei", which was published by Cladach Publishing in 2000. It was translated into Chinese the following year as "True Love", and published by Cosmax.

</doc>
<doc id="36519711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519711" title="Isla Gatun, Panama">
Isla Gatun, Panama

Isla Gatun is a private island located in the middle of the Panama Canal in the southwest of Gatun Lake, which is the largest man-made lake in the world. The island has an area of . The island is ringed with trees and foliage but the center is barren. There are no known indigenous humans residing on the island; however, small animals such as monkeys, parrots, toucans and tapirs do inhibit the island. The island is currently for sale for the price of $30,000; however, the island is not titled much like 95% of the Panamanian islands and is only available with a Right of Possession. Isla Gatun is 820m northwest of the small fishing village Arenosa. The village Arenosa also has a small marina, restaurants, and cell phone reception. 

</doc>
<doc id="36519714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519714" title="Alanlı, Aydın">
Alanlı, Aydın

Alanlı is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 597 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519718" title="Alatepe, Aydın">
Alatepe, Aydın

Alatepe is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 158 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519720" title="Ambarcık, Aydın">
Ambarcık, Aydın

Ambarcık is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 207 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519721" title="Armutlu, Aydın">
Armutlu, Aydın

Armutlu is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 522 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519722" title="Aşağıkayacık, Aydın">
Aşağıkayacık, Aydın

Aşağıkayacık is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519724" title="Bademli, Aydın">
Bademli, Aydın

Bademli is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 95 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519725" title="Balıkköy, Aydın">
Balıkköy, Aydın

Balıkköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 160 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519726" title="Baltaköy, Aydın">
Baltaköy, Aydın

Baltaköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1290 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519728" title="Böcek, Aydın">
Böcek, Aydın

Böcek is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 217 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519730" title="Çayyüzü, Aydın">
Çayyüzü, Aydın

Çayyüzü is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 317 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519733" title="Çiftlikköy, Aydın">
Çiftlikköy, Aydın

Çiftlikköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 212 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519737" title="Dağeymiri, Aydın">
Dağeymiri, Aydın

Dağeymiri is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 440 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519739" title="Danişment, Aydın">
Danişment, Aydın

Danişment is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 154 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519742" title="Dereköy, Aydın">
Dereköy, Aydın

Dereköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 282 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519746" title="Doğan, Aydın">
Doğan, Aydın

Doğan is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 388 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519772" title="Lawgi">
Lawgi

Lawgi is an abandoned neighbourhood within the locality of Lawgi Dawes in the Shire of Banana in Central Queensland, Australia. It is located on the Burnett Highway.
History.
During the planning to build the Rannes-Monto railway line, one of the proposed railway stations along the route was assigned the name "Lawgi" by the Railways Department in 1926. The name is believed to mean "home" in one of the Aboriginal languages. Construction of the railway line commenced from Rannes. On Saturday 24 September 1932, the segment from Thangool to Lawgi was officially opened by the Minister for Railways, John Dash (the Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly for Mundingburra). This resulted in the establishment of the township of Lawgi. 
The Lawgi State School opened in September 1935. It was renamed Mardale State School in 1952. The school closed on 13 March 1964.
The last section of the railway line from Lawgi to Monto was never completed, and Lawgi became the terminus.
However, the railway line was not profitable and the section from Thangool to Lawgi was closed in 1955. As a result, the township gradually disappeared leaving only the community hall.
Economy.
The area is a productive agricultural area with cattle and grain farming predominating.
Amenities.
Lawgi Community Hall at the intersection of the Burnett Highway and the Lawgi Connection Road () is used for regular community dances, occasional church services, indoor bowls, polling booth and other community functions. The exterior of the hall features a painting of bottle brushes trees against a multi-coloured sky. 
Tourism.
A memorial in the form of a gravestone marks the point where the proposed Rannes-Monto railway line was terminated at Lawgi.
There is a rest area behind the hall for travellers.

</doc>
<doc id="36519774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519774" title="Ayano Kudo">
Ayano Kudo

She has also appeared in such television dramas as:

</doc>
<doc id="36519775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519775" title="Armand Duplantier">
Armand Duplantier

Armand Duplantier (1753 - 9 Oct 1827) was French cavalry officer who fought in the American War of Independence under General Lafayette.
Armand was the son of Joseph Antoine Guy Allard du Plantier (1721–1801) and Gabrielle Trenonay de Chanfrey.
In 1782 he moved to Louisiana settling on the plantation of his uncle, Claude Trénonay in Point Coupee, Louisiana. He was disturbed by the 1795 slave revolt which occurred locally, which reminded him of the Haitian Revolution. He was a slave-owner and regretted that he had bought some slaves from Saint-Domingue, but did not want to sell them until they regained their value.

</doc>
<doc id="36519779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519779" title="Lissone-Muggiò railway station">
Lissone-Muggiò railway station

Lissone-Muggiò is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Milan–Chiasso railway, it serves the towns of Lissone and Muggiò.
Services.
Lissone-Muggiò is served by the lines S9 and S11 of the Milan suburban railway network, operated by the lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36519783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519783" title="Nagwada">
Nagwada

Nagwada is an archeological site belonging to Indus Valley Civilisation, located in Dasada Taluka, Surendranagar District, Gujarat, India.
External links.
Archeological Survey of India Report [http://asi.nic.in/nmma_reviews/Indian%20Archaeology%201988-89%20A%20Review.pdf]

</doc>
<doc id="36519797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519797" title="A.S.D. Todi">
A.S.D. Todi

Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Todi Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Todi, Umbria.
Todi currently plays in Serie D group E.
History.
The origins of football in Todi go back to 20 years, but the first teams to participate in a championship were "Società Sportiva Marzia Todi" and "Associazione Sportiva Ulpio Traiano" founded both in 1951. The two teams merged the next year, in 1952 becoming Società Sportiva Todi.
In the season 2009-10 from Eccellenza Umbria it was promoted to Serie D.
In the season 2010-11 in Serie D/E it was ranked 4th.
In the season 2011-12 in Serie D/E it was ranked 11th.
Colors and badge.
The team's colors are red and white.

</doc>
<doc id="36519816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519816" title="Eğrikavak, Aydın">
Eğrikavak, Aydın

Eğrikavak is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1382 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519818" title="Emirdoğan, Aydın">
Emirdoğan, Aydın

Emirdoğan is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 415 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519819" title="Biomatrica">
Biomatrica

Biomatrica is a United States-based biotechnology company that develops and sells products and technologies for maintaining the stability of biological samples at ambient temperatures. The company offers inexpensive and sustainable alternatives to cold storage for preventing degradation of perishable biological samples, such as DNA, RNA, proteins, cells, and diagnostic assays. Biomatrica's products are used in areas such as pre-analytical sample collection, biobanking, forensics, and basic research.
History.
Biomatrica was founded in 2004 by husband and wife scientists, Rolf Müller, PhD, and Judy Müller-Cohn, PhD. The couple had previously worked as molecular biologists at San Diego’s prestigious Scripps Research Institute and Salk Institute (Rolf Müller), and Mycogen/Dow Agrosciences (Judy Müller-Cohn).
The company’s ambient temperature storage technology was developed based upon the phenomenon of anhydrobiosis, the ability of some organisms to hibernate in a desiccated state during dry periods, and then reanimate upon contact with water. Focusing their studies on microscopic, desert-dwelling creatures called Tardigrades, which undergo anhydrobiosis for up to 120 years, Biomatrica scientists identified how to chemically mimic the mechanism of anhydrobiosis. According to Rolf Müller, “What we create(d) is a thermostable, dissolvable glass that packages every single molecule in a sample.” Following stabilization at room temperature with Biomatrica's technology, biological specimens can be rehydrated for subsequent studies with the addition of a few drops of water.
Products.
The company's first product was a dry, synthetic polymer, "DNAstable" (originally SampleMatrix), a chemical formulation that stabilizes purified DNA at ambient temperature. In 2006, it was awarded the Most Innovative Product of the Year award from the San Diego non-profit science/business organization CONNECT.
The following year, the company released RNAstable and CloneStable, dry chemical reagents optimized for stabilizing purified RNA and bacterial plasmid DNA, respectively.
In 2007, the German biotechnology company, Qiagen GmbH, licensed DNAstable for sale under the trade name QIAsafe. Biomatrica and Qiagen subsequently co-developed QIAsafe Blood, an ambient temperature stabilization reagent for unpurified DNA in whole blood.
Also in 2007, Biomatrica released a line of molecular and forensic assay enhancement products. The first, PCRboost, was developed for enhancement of PCR performed on degraded and trace DNA samples.
Biomatrica began commercialization of preanalytical products in 2009 with the launch of its “gard” product line. These products were designed to stabilize biological samples from collection to analytical testing. This product line includes DNAgard Tissue and Cells, and DNAgard Blood.
Liquid versions of DNAstable and RNAstable were launched as DNAstable LD and RNAstable LD in 2011 and 2012, respectively. These liquid products provide more flexibility for diverse experimental formats, including those utilizing automated instrumentation.
In 2012, Biomatrica launched VACUETTE DNAgard Blood Tubes, the company’s first product that allows collection of samples directly from patients. The collected blood can be preserved and shipped at ambient temperatures for up to 14 months with no loss in DNA integrity.
Additionally, in 2012, the company launched the RNAgard Blood System. This product allows for the immediate stabilization of RNA in whole blood, which lasts for up to 14 days at room temperature. The system consists of VACUETTE RNAgard Blood Tubes and a BioMaxi Blood RNA Purification Kit.
Until this time, Biomatrica’s products had been made for research use only. Development in 2012 of devices for collection, ambient temperature shipment and storage of DNA from human diagnostic samples began the company’s first foray into the FDA-regulated medical device market.
Partnerships and agreements.
Licensing agreements for Biomatrica technologies were signed with the large German biotechnology company, Qiagen GmbH, in 2007 and 2009.
Following the launch of DNAstable, the company gained the interest of major law enforcement organizations, such as the California Department of Justice, which sought to benefit from the new product through inexpensively stabilizing DNA samples from crime scenes for forensics purposes. Other major law enforcement organizations, including sheriffs’ departments in Orange County, CA Los Angeles, CA, and Palm Beach, FL, have adopted ambient temperature forensic sample management systems based on Biomatrica’s technologies.
HMO giant, Kaiser Permanente adopted DNAstable for a large biobanking project in 2010.
Also in 2010, Biomatrica signed a collaborative research and development agreement (CRADA) with United States Army Medical Research Institute for Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID) to develop and test new technologies for ambient temperature stabilization of clinical and biological samples.
The same year, Biomatrica began a partnership agreement with the U.S. National Cancer Institute for biomarker stabilization and SAIC-Frederick to improve molecular analysis of tumors.
In 2011, the company announced a strategic partnership agreement with In-Q-Tel, an independent, strategic investment firm that identifies technologies to support the mission of the U.S. intelligence community.
Other prominent government agencies testing Biomatrica’s technology included NASA and the U.S. Navy.
Notable company accomplishments in 2012 included a partnership with the European biomedical firm Greiner Bio-One for ISO 9001 manufacture of the company’s VACUETTE DNAgard Blood Tubes.

</doc>
<doc id="36519820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519820" title="Gödrenli, Aydın">
Gödrenli, Aydın

Gödrenli is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 444 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519821" title="Gölcük, Aydın">
Gölcük, Aydın

Gölcük is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 121 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519822" title="Desio railway station">
Desio railway station

Desio is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Milan–Chiasso railway, it serves the town of Desio.
Services.
Desio is served by the lines S9 and S11 of the Milan suburban railway network, operated by the lombard railway company Trenord.

</doc>
<doc id="36519826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519826" title="Heinrich Ribbe">
Heinrich Ribbe

Heinrich Ribbe (1832-1898) was a German entomologist.
Heinrich Ribbe was an insect dealer in Dresden and Berlin. In 1876 he collected trade insects in the Crimea and in 1878 he collected for Otto Staudinger and Andreas Bang-Haas in Panama and Chiriqui.His private collection is in the State Museum of Zoology, Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="36519829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519829" title="Remixed (Boom Boom Satellites album)">
Remixed (Boom Boom Satellites album)

Remixed is the first remix album by Japanese electronica/rock duo Boom Boom Satellites. Initially scheduled for release on September 19, 2012, it contains remixes of songs from their 15 year long career, including the American exclusive track "Kick It Out" featuring Tahj Mowry and Flo Rida (co-written by Marquist Johnson and Johnathan Perry) and the winning fan remix of their most recent single "Broken Mirror".
The release of "Remixed" was postponed by the band due to issues concerning the album artwork, as announced on their Facebook page. Amazon MP3 listings place the new release date at November 28, 2012. The album's artwork was later changed, announced on October 5, 2012, and the new release date for the album set at November 7, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36519832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519832" title="Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Notre-Dame du Liban de Paris">
Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Notre-Dame du Liban de Paris

The Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Notre-Dame du Liban de Paris is a Maronite Catholic diocese. It was erected on 21 July 2012 by Pope Benedict XVI who appointed Eparch Nasser Gemayel as its first bishop.

</doc>
<doc id="36519833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519833" title="Gölhisar, Aydın">
Gölhisar, Aydın

Gölhisar is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 841 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519835" title="Gözpınar, Aydın">
Gözpınar, Aydın

Gözpınar is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 344 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519837" title="Horozköy, Aydın">
Horozköy, Aydın

Horozköy, Aydın is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 150 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519842" title="Işıklı, Aydın">
Işıklı, Aydın

Işıklı is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1785 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519845" title="İlyasdere, Aydın">
İlyasdere, Aydın

İlyasdere is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 343 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519849" title="İmamköy, Aydın">
İmamköy, Aydın

İmamköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1213 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519854" title="Azerbaijan State Orchestra of Folk Instruments">
Azerbaijan State Orchestra of Folk Instruments

The Azerbaijan State Orchestra of Folk Instruments () is the first notable orchestra of folk instruments in Azerbaijan, affiliated with the Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Society. It was created in 1931, on the initiative of Uzeyir Hajibeyov, founder of professional Azerbaijani music, according to principles of the Symphony Orchestra.
The Orchestra of Folk Instruments of Azerbaijan is the first orchestra of folk instruments of such kind in the Middle East. It was of great importance in the development of national musical culture of Azerbaijan. Initially the orchestra consisted of only five instruments: tar, kamancha, balaban, daf and naghara. Afterwards, gosha-naghara, zurna, tutak, canon, fortepiano and others were also included in it as well.
The orchestra is a permanent participant of many ceremonies on the state level. It successfully tours throughout the world and has performed in many prestigious international festivals. In 2004 and 2005, the orchestra was awarded the Gizil Chang premium of the 19th and 20th Fajr Festival of International Music held in Tehran.

</doc>
<doc id="36519855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519855" title="Kadıköy, Aydın">
Kadıköy, Aydın

Kadıköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1539 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519856" title="Kalfaköy, Aydın">
Kalfaköy, Aydın

Kalfaköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 267 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519858" title="Karahayıt, Aydın">
Karahayıt, Aydın

Karahayıt is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 584 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519860" title="Karaköy, Aydın">
Karaköy, Aydın

Karaköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 328 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519861" title="Kardeşköy, Aydın">
Kardeşköy, Aydın

Kardeşköy is a small town in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 2309 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519862" title="National Conscience Party">
National Conscience Party

The National Conscience Party (NCP) is a political party in Nigeria. The party was formed in 1994 but was prevented from standing in elections until 2003, when it won a legal battle to be able to do so. In the presidential election of that year the NCP candidate, Gani Fawehinmi, came fifth, polling 161,333 votes or 0.41% of the popular vote.

</doc>
<doc id="36519865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519865" title="Shipdex">
Shipdex

Shipdex is the defined International Business Rules (The Shipdex Protocol) developed to standardize the production and the exchange of technical and logistic data between parties in the shipping community.
The scope of this protocol is to cover the data exchange in digital format of information currently supplied in the form of printed Technical Manuals. It is an XML standard which is modified from a subset of ASD S1000D.
On 27-28 march 2007 a meeting was held in Naples, Italy between shipowners and equipment manufacturers to confirm the will to develop a common and shared Data Exchange Protocol whose name was decided to be SHIPDEX.
The standard is managed by Shipdex Co Ltd as a not for profit Shipdex company established by the shipping community represented by a number of the founder members.
The reason to develop a common and standardized Protocol for exchanging data resides on the fact that shipping companies are receiving from manufacturers technical manuals in different formats, different structures and so are obliged to use different viewers (or browsers) to visualise electronic manuals supplied in HTML, WORD, XML or PDF formats.
The Shipdex protocol also facilitates transfer of data for those shipping companies that are utilising Computerized Maintenance Management Systems (CMMS) and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software applications and thus allow import of source data from original manufacturers

</doc>
<doc id="36519873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519873" title="Kenger, Aydın">
Kenger, Aydın

Kenger is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 274 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519876" title="Kırıklar, Aydın">
Kırıklar, Aydın

Kırıklar is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 473 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519878" title="Kızılcaköy, Aydın">
Kızılcaköy, Aydın

Kızılcaköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1137 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519879" title="Begum Para">
Begum Para

Begum Para (1926-2008) was an Indian Hindi film actress who was active mostly in the 1940s and 1950s. After 50 years, she returned to films with her last role in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's "Saawariya" (2007) as Sonam Kapoor's grandmother.
Personal life.
She married actor Nasir Khan, the younger brother of Bollywood actor Dilip Kumar. They had three children, including the actor Ayub Khan. Begum Para's father Mian Ehsan-ul-Haq of Jalandhar, was a judge who joined the princely state of Bikaner, now northern Rajasthan, where he became chief justice of its highest court. Her husband died in 1974.
Death.
She died in her sleep on 9 December 2008 at the age of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="36519882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519882" title="Kocagür, Aydın">
Kocagür, Aydın

Kocagür is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1130 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519883" title="Konuklu, Aydın">
Konuklu, Aydın

Konuklu is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 784 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519886" title="Kozalaklı, Aydın">
Kozalaklı, Aydın

Kozalaklı is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 574 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519887" title="Henry Harold Peter Baker">
Henry Harold Peter Baker

Henry Harold Peter Baker (November 24, 1915 – March 4, 2004) was an educator and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Regina East from 1964 to 1967, Regina South East from 1967 to 1971, Regina Wascana from 1971 to 1975 and Regina Victoria from 1975 to 1982 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation (CCF) and then New Democratic Party (NDP) member.
He was born in Lipton, Saskatchewan and was educated there and in Regina and at the Regina Teachers' College. He taught school for several years and then served in the Royal Canadian Air Force teaching aircraft personnel during World War II. In 1944, Baker became secretary of the Saskatchewan Public Service Commission. He served on the city council for Regina and was mayor from 1958 to 1970 and from 1973 to 1979, becoming the city's longest serving mayor; he was defeated by Harry Walker when he ran for reelection in 1970. Baker was defeated by Metro Rybchuk when he ran for reelection to the Saskatchewan assembly in 1982. He died in Regina at the age of 88.
The Regina city council chamber was renamed in his honour. The city also established the Henry Baker Scholarship Program.

</doc>
<doc id="36519888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519888" title="Kuloğullar, Aydın">
Kuloğullar, Aydın

Kuloğullar is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 489 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519890" title="Kuyucular, Aydın">
Kuyucular, Aydın

Kuyucular is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 555 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519898" title="Homeland (season 1)">
Homeland (season 1)

The first season of the American television drama series "Homeland" premiered on October 2, 2011 on Showtime and concluded on December 18, 2011, consisting of 12 episodes. The series is loosely based on the Israeli television series "Hatufim" (English: "Prisoners of War") created by Gideon Raff and is developed for American television by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa. The first season follows Carrie Mathison, a CIA operations officer who has come to believe that Nicholas Brody, an U.S. Marine Sergeant, who was held captive by al-Qaeda as a prisoner of war, was turned by the enemy and now poses a significant risk to national security.
The season received universal acclaim, scoring a Metacritic rating of 91 out of 100 from 28 critics. "TV Guide" named it the best TV show of 2011 and highly applauded the performances by Damian Lewis and Claire Danes. Metacritic determined "Homeland" to be the second best TV show of 2011 according to major TV critics, by aggregating the critics' year-end top ten lists. The series won both the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series for this season.
The original broadcast of the pilot episode on October 2, 2011 received 1.08 million viewers, becoming Showtime's highest-rated drama premiere in eight years. The episode received a total of 2.78 million viewers with additional broadcasts and on demand views. The finale episode of season one received 1.7 million viewers, making it the most-watched season finale of any first-year Showtime series. The series also performed well in the UK, where it aired on Channel 4, with the pilot episode drawing 3.10 million viewers, and the finale drawing 4.01 million viewers.
Plot.
Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) is a CIA officer recently recalled from Baghdad after angering the Iraqi government. Carrie is liked and trusted by her mentor Saul Berenson (Mandy Patinkin) and tolerated by her boss David Estes (David Harewood) with whom she had previously had an extramarital affair. Neither of them, or anyone else at the agency, knows that Carrie suffers from bipolar disorder, which she is secretly treating with the help of her sister, a physician.
Ten months after hearing a rumor from one of her contacts in Iraq that an American prisoner of war (POW) has been "turned", Carrie learns that a U.S. Army Delta Force team in Afghanistan has found United States Marine Corps sergeant Nicholas Brody (Damian Lewis) who had been believed killed in Iraq eight years earlier during 2003. While the rest of the CIA and the political establishment believe Brody to be a war hero, Carrie is worried that he has been recruited and brainwashed by al-Qaeda chief Abu Nazir (Navid Negahban) to act as a sleeper agent. She begins an illegal audio and video surveillance of Brody's home hoping to catch him at something to prove her suspicions correct.
The surveillance reveals the difficulties Brody has upon his return home. Believing him dead, his wife Jessica (Morena Baccarin) had developed a relationship with Brody's best friend Captain Mike Faber (Diego Klattenhoff) that beyond the affair, was moving towards Mike moving in with the family. Brody must now adjust to life at home with his wife and two children, 12-year-old Chris and the troubled and self-destructive 16-year-old Dana (Morgan Saylor). His readjustment is complicated by his erratic behavior, including shooting a deer and beating up a reporter, as well as his difficulty being physically intimate with his wife. Unbeknownst to his family or Carrie, Brody converted to Islam during his captivity, and prays daily in his garage in private. Flashbacks also show that he has not been entirely truthful about his captivity. However, the surveillance by Carrie uncovers no incriminating evidence and is eventually shut down.
Frustrated, Carrie decides to continue the surveillance all by herself and arranges to bump into Brody at a support group for Iraq War veterans. Brody confides in her about the difficulty of talking to people about the war. At a subsequent meeting the two of them get drunk and then have sex in a parking lot. They meet again when one of Brody's former jailers is captured and Brody is brought in to observe the interrogation. Brody convinces David Estes to allow him to have a moment to confront his former jailer, but the meeting ends violently when the man spits in Brody's face. Later, the prisoner is found to have committed suicide with a razor blade. Carrie believes Brody passed him the razor. She arranges for polygraphs for all those who had access to the prisoner. Brody passes, but Carrie suspects he is lying when he is able to deny that he has been unfaithful to his wife.
Meanwhile, Lynn Reed, an asset of Carrie's who works as a courtesan for a Saudi prince, contacts Carrie with video of Abu Nazir meeting with the Prince. Shortly afterwards, Lynn Reed is murdered and an expensive necklace given to her by the prince is stolen. Suspecting that the necklace is being used to fund a terrorist operation, the CIA tracks the funds to a local couple, Aileen Morgan and Raquim Faisel, who have purchased a home near the airport where Marine One is based. After being tipped off by an anonymous contact, Aileen and Raquim go on the run where Raquim is killed by an unseen assassin while Aileen tries to escape to Mexico where she is captured by Saul.
Brody, having discovered that his wife was having an affair with his friend Mike, meets Carrie and they go to her family's lakefront cabin. They have sex, but Brody becomes suspicious after Carrie inadvertently says the name of a tea he usually drinks. Brody finds a loaded gun in the house and confronts Carrie, who admits her suspicions. Brody admits to having been converted to Islam by Abu Nazir, whom he met while being held captive. He explains that Nazir was kind to him and that he came to "love" the terrorist leader, but denies working for al-Qaeda. Carrie receives a call from Saul, indicating that Aileen Morgan has identified the terrorist as Tom Walker, Brody's Scout Sniper partner, who even Brody had believed to be dead. Carrie profusely apologizes to Brody, claiming that she has real feelings for him, but he angrily returns to his family.
As the CIA begins tracking Tom Walker, Brody has a surprise meeting with the Vice President, who recruits Brody to run for the seat of a local Congressman, who is resigning due to a sex scandal. Brody then makes contact with Abu Nazir, revealing that he really is, in fact, a terrorist and spy for al-Qaeda. Flashbacks show that Brody had been taken out of captivity by Nazir in order to teach his son, Issa, English. Brody came to love the boy and when he was killed in a U.S. drone attack, Brody vowed revenge on his own country. On a family trip to Gettysburg, Brody meets with a local tailor who gives him a suicide vest. All seems to be going according to plan, but his odd behavior begins to worry his daughter.
Meanwhile, Carrie becomes increasingly unstable and calls Brody. Brody subsequently reveals to the CIA that Carrie spied on him illegally. As a result, David Estes has her removed from duty and ignores her warning that Abu Nazir is planning something much worse than the sniper attack that they expect. Brody is asked to attend an event where the Vice President will announce his intention to run for President. At the event, Tom Walker assassinates one of the Vice President's aides, forcing all the dignitaries, including Brody, to flee into a secure bunker. Realizing that Brody is likely working with Walker, Carrie attempts to contact the CIA and then Brody's family, which leads to her being arrested. Brody attempts to detonate his suicide vest but it malfunctions. He repairs it and is about to try again when he receives a phone call from his daughter Dana, who begs him to come home. He is unable to go through with his mission.
Afterwards, Brody confronts Abu Nazir. He claims that his vest malfunctioned, but argues that he will be better able to advance Nazir's cause as a U.S. Congressman. To prove his loyalty, Nazir has Brody kill Tom Walker. Brody then meets with Carrie, who apologizes for suspecting him of terrorism (not realizing that she was right about Brody all along). He declines to press criminal charges against her but warns her to stay away from him and his family from now on. 
Having lost everything and tired of her bipolar disorder, Carrie decides to seek treatment by checking herself into a mental hospital and receiving electroshock therapy. Just before she is subjected to the treatment, which can cause memory loss, she realizes that Brody had met Issa, Abu Nazir's son. But the electroshock therapy proceeds, possibly eliminating this important clue from Carrie's memory.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
Reception.
The first season received universal acclaim, scoring a Metacritic rating of 91 out of 100 from 28 critics. "TV Guide" named it the best TV show of 2011 and highly applauded the performances by Damian Lewis and Claire Danes. Metacritic determined "Homeland" to be the second-best TV show of 2011 according to major TV critics, by aggregating the critics' year-end top-ten lists. The second season received universal acclaim, scoring a rating of 96 out of 100 from 21 critics on Metacritic.
Hank Stuever of "The Washington Post" gave the pilot episode an A−, saying "What makes "Homeland" rise above other post-9/11 dramas is Danes' stellar performance as Carrie—easily this season's strongest female character," and that "The latter half of the first episode is exhilarating. I'm hooked." Matthew Gilbert of "The Boston Globe" said it was his favorite drama pilot of the season, giving it an A. "Entertainment Weekly"s Ken Tucker gave it an A−, stating "It's the fall season's most intriguing, tense puzzler." IGN TV gave it a positive review, saying that it was an "ace thriller" that also managed to have something to say about the "War on Terror". The seventh episode, "The Weekend", received overwhelming critical acclaim and was described by both the creators of the show and Damian Lewis as a "watershed" episode. 
U.S. President Barack Obama has praised the show.
Home media release.
"Homeland: The Complete First Season" was released as a widescreen region 1 four-disc DVD and three-disc Blu-ray box set in the United States and Canada on August 28, 2012. In addition to all 12 episodes that had aired, it includes audio commentary on the pilot episode, deleted scenes, ""Homeland" Season One: Under Surveillance" featurette, and "Week Ten: A Prologue to Season 2" featurette. The same set was also released on September 10, 2012 in region 2.

</doc>
<doc id="36519905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519905" title="Kuyulu, Aydın">
Kuyulu, Aydın

Kuyulu is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1195 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519914" title="Mesutlu, Aydın">
Mesutlu, Aydın

Mesutlu is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 300 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519916" title="Musluca, Aydın">
Musluca, Aydın

Musluca is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 403 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519917" title="Ortaköy, Aydın">
Ortaköy, Aydın

Ortaköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 550 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519919" title="Pınardere, Aydın">
Pınardere, Aydın

Pınardere is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 607 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519921" title="Savrandere, Aydın">
Savrandere, Aydın

Savrandere is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 419 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519923" title="Serçeköy, Aydın">
Serçeköy, Aydın

Serçeköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 379 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519925" title="Sıralılar, Aydın">
Sıralılar, Aydın

Sıralılar is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. In 2010, it had a population of 81.

</doc>
<doc id="36519926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519926" title="Şahnalı, Aydın">
Şahnalı, Aydın

Şahnalı is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 792 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519927" title="Şevketiye, Aydın">
Şevketiye, Aydın

Şevketiye is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 271 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519929" title="Tepeköy, Aydın">
Tepeköy, Aydın

Tepeköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 329 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519930" title="WBES-TV">
WBES-TV

WBES-TV was an early UHF television station in Buffalo, New York. The station operated on channel 59 from studios in the Hotel Lafayette in Buffalo. WBES-TV, the second UHF station (and fourth TV station overall) in Western New York, was very short-lived, signing on September 29, 1953 and shutting down for the last time on December 19 of the same year. An independent station for its entire existence, WBES-TV was plagued by technical and financial problems, the primary factor in the station's failure. Channel 59 was never reissued; it would not be used again in Western New York until being reallocated to Rochester, New York station WHAM-TV, where it was used as the temporary digital channel prior to the digital television transition.
WBES-TV has occasionally been erroneously listed as being on channel 56 or 58, two channels that were indeed later issued to other licensees: 56 became WBXZ, a shopping channel that is part of Craig Fox's network of low-power stations. Channel 58, last known as WFHW-LP, has also gone silent.
Channels 52 through 69 were removed entirely from broadcast television use soon after the 2009 completion of US DTV transition.

</doc>
<doc id="36519932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519932" title="Terziler, Aydın">
Terziler, Aydın

Terziler is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 683 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519935" title="Yağcılar, Aydın">
Yağcılar, Aydın

Yağcılar is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 43 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519940" title="Yeniköy (Dalama), Aydın">
Yeniköy (Dalama), Aydın

Yeniköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1329 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519942" title="Yeniköy, Aydın">
Yeniköy, Aydın

Yeniköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1714 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519943" title="Yılmazköy, Aydın">
Yılmazköy, Aydın

Yılmazköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 979 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519949" title="The Weird">
The Weird

The Weird: A Compendium of Strange and Dark Stories is an anthology of weird fiction edited by Ann and Jeff VanderMeer. 
Published on 8 May 2012, it contains 110 short stories, novellas and short novels. At 1,152 pages in the hardcover edition, it is probably the largest single volume of fantastic fiction ever published, according to "Locus".
Contents.
The editors' object in publishing "The Weird" was to provide, through its contents, a comprehensive definition of "the Weird", a type of fiction that their introduction describes as "as much a "sensation""—one of terror and wonder—"as (...) a mode of writing", and as a type of fiction that entertains while also expressing readers' dissatisfaction with, and uncertainty about, reality. To that end, "The Weird" includes works that range from fantasy, science fiction and mainstream literature "with a slight twist of strange", but it also amounts, according to "The Guardian", to "a history of the horror story". 
The editors limited their chronologically ordered collection to fiction from the twentieth and twenty-first centuries, and largely avoided including stories focusing on tropes of the horror genre such as zombies, vampires, and werewolves, to highlight what they considered the Weird's innovative qualities. To cover the genre comprehensively, they commissioned original translations of, among others, works by Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, Michel Bernanos, Julio Cortázar and Georg Heym.
The anthology contains the following works: 
The introduction notes that certain stories were not included because of problems with obtaining the reproduction rights, but that the editors considered these stories as an extension of the anthology: Philip K. Dick's "The Preserving Machine", J. G. Ballard's "The Drowned Giant", Gabriel García Márquez's "A Very Old Man with Enormous Wings" and Otsuichi's "The White House in the Cold Forest".
Reception.
The anthology was well received by reviewers from the "Financial Times", who called it an "authoritative" representation of weird fiction, the "San Francisco Chronicle", who considered that the volume's broad range of authors proved that "the bizarre and unsettling belong to no one race, country or gender" and "Publishers Weekly", who characterized it as a "standard-setting compilation" and a "deeply affectionate and respectful history of speculative fiction’s blurry edges". 
"Locus" magazine's reviewer noted that the anthology's chronological order allowed the reader to construct a "fossil record" of the Weird's evolution. He wrote that its broad geographical scope made noticeable the distinct traditions of English-language weird fiction, which depict the "eruption of the inexplicable into meticulously ordered realities", and the traditions represented by many translated works, whose cultures are more thoroughly grounded in folklore and mythology, or which resist a Western impulse toward rationalism and realism. Damien Walter, writing for "The Guardian" in a pastiche of the genre's style, warned of "the madness of the many authors contained in its pages and clearly inhuman determination of its 'editors'", prophesying that "Soon the chrysalid will form, and The Weird itself will burst into the world as a radiant winged moth of metaphysical doom!"
"The Weird" received the British Fantasy Award for best anthology in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36519950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519950" title="Yukarıkayacık, Aydın">
Yukarıkayacık, Aydın

Yukarıkayacık is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 513 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519952" title="Zeytinköy, Aydın">
Zeytinköy, Aydın

Zeytinköy is a village in the District of Aydın, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 208 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36519961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519961" title="Will Gambola Sing">
Will Gambola Sing

Will Gambola Sing is an instrumental pop band from Stockholm, Sweden.
Biography.
The band was started in 2006 by Mikko Singh, Joakim Labraaten and John Roger Olsson. Yamon Yamon guitarist and singer Jon Lennblad played bass in the band during a short period. Later the band members met Bo Anders Ljung. He permanently joined the band in 2007. The music of WGS has been described as instrumental pop/rock or post-rock.
The band recorded an EP in 2007 called "Overheard Dialogue Reconstructed EP" which was offered for free on the band's website in 2009.
In 2009 WGS teamed up with Japanese label Friend of Mine Records to release the band's debut album. The self-titled album was released in February 2010 and was only distributed in Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="36519973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36519973" title="Clinical &amp; Experimental Allergy">
Clinical &amp; Experimental Allergy

Clinical & Experimental Allergy is a monthly journal dedicated to the field of allergy. The official journal of the British Society for Allergy & Clinical Immunology (BSACI), it has been in publication since 1971. A subscription to the journal is included with BSACI membership, but the journal is also available to other subscribers.

</doc>
<doc id="36520001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520001" title="Solar Plexus (Mavin Records album)">
Solar Plexus (Mavin Records album)

Solar Plexus is the first compilation album released by Mavin Records. It was released on May 8, 2012, a day after Don Jazzy announced the launch of the record label. The 13-track album is a mix of bangers and ballads. Released with virtually no previous hype, the album and its various tracks trended on Twitter for days as fans debated their favourite songs and lyrics. In an unprecedented move, the album was made available completely free of charge to the public on the label’s website. The spike in internet traffic caused the website to crash several times before fans were able to obtain their download. "Solar Plexus" was also distributed on other music websites; it is now available for download on iTunes, Amazon MP3, Spotify, Medianet, eMusic, Xbox Live, Nokia Music Store, Simfy, and Google Play.
Background.
Fans hoped for reconciliation between Don Jazzy and D'Banj, and weren't certain on the future of Mo' Hits Records. In the midst of this, Don Jazzy took to Twitter to announced the establishment of Mavin Records, and sought support from his fans. He said: "Please open up your hearts, lend us your ears, give us your love and support as always and let’s continue to entertain you" 
With the launch of the new label, it was further revealed that a new signee, Tiwa Savage, was on board, and that an album will be made available the very next day. On the early hours of May 8, 2012, the album was available as a free digital download. Fans started exchanging tweets and sharing links on where to download the album; they went about reciting lyrics and creating dance moves.
Recording.
The album's recording sessions took place in Lagos at the Mavin Records Studio. The album was mixed and mastered by James "LeRock" Loughrey at Tardis Studios in The United Kingdom.
Critical reception.
Upon its release, "Solar Plexus" received mixed reviews from music critics. "Hip Hop World" Magazine's Ayo Animashaun gave the album 2 out of 5 stars, adding: "In summary, I think the mix and mastering/finishing of this album is quite poor. Dr. Sid sounded like D’Prince on songs like “CPR” and “Chocolate”… listen to his verse on “I Am A Mavin”. Don Jazzy is a multi-award winning producer and his ingenuity is still unquestionable but I would want to assume that the haste to put out an album to officially unveil Mavin Records sort of affected the total composition of the project. And it kinda falls below average."
Ogaga Sakapide of "Tooxclusive" also assigned 2 out of 5 stars, stating: "‘Solar Plexus’ lacks the chemistry found on Mo’ Hits 2007 compilation album ‘Curriculum Vitae’, and is a very weak record as an introductory offering from a new label. The album gives the impression of a hurriedly packaged work with so-so lyrics, ill-matched materials and several hit-miss moments, causing the overall LP to suffer heavily. Fortunately Don Jazzy’s production, with tracks ‘Oma Ga’ and ‘Chocolate’ are the LP’s only saving grace. Undoubtedly the absence of international pop act ‘D’banj’ and brother K-Switch is heavily felt. ‘Solar Plexus’ as a production driven LP is very much lacking the K.O quality a debut offering the Don’s new label ought to pack….unfortunately the all star “line” serves as the achilles heel to this LP. The overall quality of the LP fails to match its “sub-title” as it doesn’t pack enough power to have its intended effect as a gut punch and ultimately doesn’t knock the wind out anyone, let alone the intended target."
A writer for "Nigerian Sounds" gave the album a 6.8 out of 10, adding: "The Mavin Crew is an Infant. It is a child of circumstance, and it created its first offering in the midst of a Battle, Media Frenzy, and Great expectations, However Don Jazzy did not disappoint,However, This is not his best effort either, But it deserves some commendation, taking into consideration the atmosphere under which it was created. Take it or leave it, Tiwa Savage is still an upcoming act, and the weakest link in the crew, but hey you cant blame her, she is in the midst of 5-10 year old Vets, and her mastery (Which she is yet to perfect) of Don Jazzy Production is essential for smooth sailing on the Mavin Ship. Omoba has evolved into a Full Fledged Pop Star, and a hit maker that can hold his own, Dr Sid also showed that he has staying power, and can replicate the success of his previous album. Wande Coal’s Contribution is the Most on this album after Don Jazzy, and although traces of Fatigue can be spotted in him, he also showed that he is a Worldwide Superstar that can hold down an Empire as a Flagship act. Don Jazzy on the other hand deserves a lot of credit for putting things behind him, and settling down to work, because music is something that needs a clear mind state to be created, but having come up with this “Solar Plexus” in 3 days, he is still in control, and is definitely a Mavin." 
Wilfred Okiche of "360nobs" said: "‘Solar plexus’ comes across as a vanity project for Don Jazzy to prove he’s still got it after all that happened and unfortunately everyone else is relegated to second place. His beats and production values are never found wanting, easily the brightest parts of the project but they keep getting in the way of his star performers who appear to have left their A-game at home. There’s something to be said for talent and hard work, a good beat alone never made a song great. As an all-out unabashed dance record, it works in many parts but we already know Don Jazzy is capable of making a fierce dance record. We kind of expected more. The female voice on the intro defines mavin as a person exceptionally skilled in any field, a person with special knowledge or ability who performs skillfully; synonymous with hot shot, superstar, sensation, genius, champion. After 11 tracks of highs and lows, brief crescents and dismal plateaus, only one question comes to mind and it is this, where are the mavins?"
Chi Ibe of "YNaija" added: "So let me just come out and say the sad, unpalatable truth: the missing rib is a D’banj. Shoot me for being so predictable, but wait a minute … just give yourself a minute’s mental space of uninterrupted honesty and just imagine it was D’banj on that Tiwa tune. There’s a lot of love for these guys, and especially for Don Jazzy, we all want this thing to succeed, but even those who want to insist this is a good album will, in the darkness of their rooms, confess that it certainly isn’t A-game. If this was the kind of stuff Don Jazzy had given us before, he would never have earned the kind of respect he now has. I understand the incredible pressure he is facing at the moment – but it is the way we handle pressure and expectation that defines us. ‘Solar Plexus’ was a mistake. I shall therefore ignore it, and wait for Don Jazzy to take his time and produce a proper album worthy of his talent."
Tayo Ayomide of "Nigerian Entertainment Today" assigned a score of 2 out of 5 stars, saying: "Solar Plexus was supposed to be Don Jazzy’s grand statement that he still has the magic dust; unfortunately the plot falls apart before the first act. Solar Plexus is Don Jazzy’s weakest produced album of his sparkling career."
Amb Noni of "TayoTv" gave the album a 6 out of 10, adding: "I respect and love Don Jazzy's work, he did not prove he was the Don Jazzy that made D'Banj who he is today.. I mean we have hits like: Suddenly, Fall In Love, Tongolo, Why Me, Close to You, Pere and many more.. I feel this was done in haste just to make people feel/know that he is still here. Don Jazzy is known for taking his time before releasing a song even D'banj said it, but this Album has “RUSHED” all over it. In my opinion i think he shouldve just released a single featuring the Ma'vin solders i swear it would go a long way.."

</doc>
<doc id="36520015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520015" title="Akseki, Bozdoğan">
Akseki, Bozdoğan

Akseki is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 404 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520016" title="Akyaka, Bozdoğan">
Akyaka, Bozdoğan

Akyaka is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 162 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520019" title="Alamut, Bozdoğan">
Alamut, Bozdoğan

Alamut is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1282 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520020" title="Alhisar, Bozdoğan">
Alhisar, Bozdoğan

Alhisar is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 274 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520023" title="Party, Fun, Love, and Radio (EP)">
Party, Fun, Love, and Radio (EP)

Party, Fun, Love, and Radio EP is the third EP released by power pop band We the Kings. It was released on July 3, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36520028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520028" title="Altıntaş, Bozdoğan">
Altıntaş, Bozdoğan

Altıntaş is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1232 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520030" title="Amasya, Bozdoğan">
Amasya, Bozdoğan

Amasya is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 631 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520034" title="Asma, Bozdoğan">
Asma, Bozdoğan

Asma is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 435 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520038" title="August Friedrich Böttcher">
August Friedrich Böttcher

August Friedrich Böttcher (5 October 1825, Berlin – 20 November 1900) 
He was an insect dealer in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="36520039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520039" title="Başalan, Bozdoğan">
Başalan, Bozdoğan

Başalan is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 705 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520042" title="Çamlıdere, Bozdoğan">
Çamlıdere, Bozdoğan

Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 936 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520044" title="Dutağaç, Bozdoğan">
Dutağaç, Bozdoğan

Dutağaç is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 483 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520046" title="Dömen, Bozdoğan">
Dömen, Bozdoğan

Dömen is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 265 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520047" title="Güney, Bozdoğan">
Güney, Bozdoğan

Güney is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 458 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520049" title="Güneyyaka, Bozdoğan">
Güneyyaka, Bozdoğan

Güneyyaka is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 276 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520051" title="Güre, Bozdoğan">
Güre, Bozdoğan

Güre is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 207 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520053" title="Güvenir, Bozdoğan">
Güvenir, Bozdoğan

Güvenir is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 234 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520057" title="List of Xbox 360 games with 3D support">
List of Xbox 360 games with 3D support

This is a list of Xbox 360 games that support stereoscopic 3D.
There are currently 30 games on this list.

</doc>
<doc id="36520059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520059" title="Haydere, Bozdoğan">
Haydere, Bozdoğan

Haydere is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1599 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520061" title="Yevgeny Nikitin">
Yevgeny Nikitin

Yevgeny Igorevich Nikitin (Russian: Евгений Игоревич Никитин) is a Russian bass-baritone opera singer. In the West he is usually billed as "Evgeny Nikitin" 
Born in the Arctic port city of Murmansk, he trained at the Saint Petersburg Conservatory, graduating in 1997. Since his debut as a student he has performed at the Mariinsky Theatre; he also appears as an international soloist. He made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera in Sergei Prokofiev's "War and Peace" in 2002; he has regularly returned to the New York company and is due to sing the Wagnerian role of Klingsor in 2013. 
In 2008 Nikitin was awarded the title of Honoured Artist of Russia.
Tattoo controversy.
Nikitin was scheduled to sing the title role in Wagner's opera "The Flying Dutchman" at the opening of the 2012 Bayreuth Festival, which would have made him the first Russian in history to assume an opening title role there. But he withdrew days before the festival after tattoos on his chest were shown by German media in still images from a video shot in 2006 or 2007. These suggested Nazi sympathies, which the singer subsequently denied. The main controversial tattoo in the video still images, a partly covered swastika, had been completely covered by a large 8-pointed star design by the time of the Bayreuth withdrawal. Nikitin released at least two conflicting statements about the matter. First, at Bayreuth, he described the tattooing as a "mistake of youth" made when he was 16 years old. Second, via the press office of the Mariinsky Theatre, he explained that a swastika never had been his intention and that the 8-pointed star had been assembled in stages. 
Nikitin's appearances in another Wagner opera later in 2012, with the Bavarian State Opera, remain scheduled.

</doc>
<doc id="36520062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520062" title="Hışımlar, Bozdoğan">
Hışımlar, Bozdoğan

Hışımlar is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 335 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520063" title="Kakkalan, Bozdoğan">
Kakkalan, Bozdoğan

Kakkalan is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 466 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520064" title="Kamışlar, Bozdoğan">
Kamışlar, Bozdoğan

Kamışlar is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 503 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520068" title="Karaahmetler, Bozdoğan">
Karaahmetler, Bozdoğan

Karaahmetler is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 311 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520072" title="Kavaklı, Bozdoğan">
Kavaklı, Bozdoğan

Kavaklı is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 553 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520073" title="Kazandere, Bozdoğan">
Kazandere, Bozdoğan

Kazandere is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 496 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520076" title="Kemer, Bozdoğan">
Kemer, Bozdoğan

Kemer is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 187 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520078" title="Kılavuzlar, Bozdoğan">
Kılavuzlar, Bozdoğan

Kılavuzlar is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 623 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520082" title="Kızılca, Bozdoğan">
Kızılca, Bozdoğan

Kızılca is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 744 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520086" title="St. Brigid's Church, Prince Edward Island">
St. Brigid's Church, Prince Edward Island

St. Brigid's Church is a Roman Catholic church in Foxley River, PEI, Canada. It is part of the Roman Catholic diocese of Charlottetown
History.
Prior to 1870, residents of Lot 11 traveled to St. Anthony parish, Cascumpeque, a journey which involved a ferry crossing and nine miles travel over land, or in winter time, a horse and sleigh ride across the ice. In 1868, under the guidance of their first priest Rev. James Aeneas McDonald (1820- ?), the Catholic settlers of Lot 11 started construction on the church.  It was completed in 1873, although by Christmas Eve 1870, construction was far enough advanced that midnight mass was offered on a temporary altar.
The name for the church was chosen due to the predominately Irish pioneer settlement of the area. St. Brigid was a 5th Century Irish saint.
In 1914 a sacristy was added to the church. 
In 1931 the spire was struck by lightning. During the repairs a new copper cross was added. 
Since 1982 there has been no resident priest. Services are conducted by Fr. Danny Wilson
, Pastor of St. Anthony's, Bloomfield, PEI.
In 2003 the church was officially recognized as a Registered Historic Place under the Heritage Places Protection Act of Prince Edward Island.
Since 1870 the church has held an annual picnic every summer.
Architecture.
. The builder was Jeremiah Dalton.  The church has a Gothic Revival style with a central tower capped with an elaborate pointed spire topped with a cross. The roof of the spire has decorative high narrow dormers on each of its four sides. Extensive renovations were made to the building in 1913-14, when a side vestry was added.
The church measures sixty feet in length by thirty feet in width. The walls are 22 feet high. The interior is completely covered in wood paneling. Two stained glass windows decorate the altar, one depicting St. Brigid and one depicting St. Patrick.

</doc>
<doc id="36520090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520090" title="Kızıltepe, Bozdoğan">
Kızıltepe, Bozdoğan

Kızıltepe is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 251 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520092" title="Konaklı, Bozdoğan">
Konaklı, Bozdoğan

Konaklı is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 340 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520093" title="Koyuncular, Bozdoğan">
Koyuncular, Bozdoğan

Koyuncular is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 813 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520095" title="Körteke, Bozdoğan">
Körteke, Bozdoğan

Körteke is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 464 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520097" title="Olukbaşı, Bozdoğan">
Olukbaşı, Bozdoğan

Olukbaşı is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 862 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520098" title="Osmaniye, Bozdoğan">
Osmaniye, Bozdoğan

Osmaniye is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 84 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520099" title="Örencik, Bozdoğan">
Örencik, Bozdoğan

Örencik is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 602 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520101" title="Örentaht, Bozdoğan">
Örentaht, Bozdoğan

Örentaht is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 688 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520103" title="Disney's Game On">
Disney's Game On

Game On is a short series that premiered in 2012. It stars Hallie Lou Balch and Noah Grossman. It is produced by the Disney Interactive Studios.
Premise.
The premise of Game On is Hallie Lou Balch and Noah Grossman discuss new video games.
Video Games.
Games that are not playing are marked with *.

</doc>
<doc id="36520104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520104" title="Örmepınar, Bozdoğan">
Örmepınar, Bozdoğan

Örmepınar is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 426 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520107" title="Örtülü, Bozdoğan">
Örtülü, Bozdoğan

Örtülü is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 578 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520112" title="Pınarlı, Bozdoğan">
Pınarlı, Bozdoğan

Pınarlı is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 591 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520116" title="Seki, Bozdoğan">
Seki, Bozdoğan

Seki is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 469 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520117" title="Sırma, Bozdoğan">
Sırma, Bozdoğan

Sırma is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 949 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520118" title="Tütüncüler, Bozdoğan">
Tütüncüler, Bozdoğan

Tütüncüler is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 329 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520119" title="Yaka, Bozdoğan">
Yaka, Bozdoğan

Yaka is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 682 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520121" title="Yazıkent, Bozdoğan">
Yazıkent, Bozdoğan

Yazıkent is a small town in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 2091 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520126" title="Yenice, Bozdoğan">
Yenice, Bozdoğan

Yenice is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 268 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520132" title="Yeniköy, Bozdoğan">
Yeniköy, Bozdoğan

Yeniköy is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 193 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520134" title="Yeşilçam, Bozdoğan">
Yeşilçam, Bozdoğan

Yeşilçam is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 320 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520136" title="Ziyaretli, Bozdoğan">
Ziyaretli, Bozdoğan

Ziyaretli is a village in the District of Bozdoğan, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 988 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520156" title="Ericek, Buharkent">
Ericek, Buharkent

Ericek is a village in the District of Buharkent, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 258 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520160" title="Feslek Gelenbe, Buharkent">
Feslek Gelenbe, Buharkent

Feslek Gelenbe is a village in the District of Buharkent, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1326 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520164" title="Gündoğan, Buharkent">
Gündoğan, Buharkent

Gündoğan, Buharkent is a village in the District of Buharkent, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 125 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520166" title="Kızıldere, Buharkent">
Kızıldere, Buharkent

Kızıldere is a village in the District of Buharkent, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 688 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520169" title="Muratdağı, Buharkent">
Muratdağı, Buharkent

Muratdağı is a village in the District of Buharkent, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 49 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520171" title="Ortakçı, Buharkent">
Ortakçı, Buharkent

Ortakçı is a village in the District of Buharkent, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1444 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520173" title="Savcıllı, Buharkent">
Savcıllı, Buharkent

Savcıllı is a village in the District of Buharkent, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1827 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520177" title="Surprise Surprise (song)">
Surprise Surprise (song)

"Surprise Surprise" is the second single by Billy Talent from their fourth studio album, "Dead Silence". It was released on August 7, 2012 on iTunes. 
Song information.
On July 21, 2012, the band announced via their Tumblr account that they had spent the day filming the music video for their next single, although they were unsure of exactly when it would be released.
Much of the footage for the video was shot at the Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum in Hamilton, Ontario.
Jonathan Gallant, the band's bassist, shared this via his Twitter account:
The music video was released October 12. 2012.
Music video.
The music video starts off with Ben, Ian, Aaron, and John in a military conference room, after their Commanding Officer dismisses them, the band each heads toward their separate fighter planes, the song begins after the "Pig Man" squeals, when the band reaches the Pig City inhabited only by hipsters. The band starts to destroy the Pig Man's army of flying sharks, the Pig Man gets into a giant flying snake, when the guitar solo starts, the back of Ian's fighter jet gets bit off by a flying shark, causing him to crash. When the guitar solo finishes, Aaron starts to shoot at a flying shark with an MP5, Aaron's target flies behind John, causing Aaron to shoot John's plane multiple times, John crashes into the side of a building, Aaron's plane immediately gets destroyed by a flying shark. Ben, the last man standing, is left to fight the Pig Man one-on-one, after a small firefight, Ben's ultimate fate is a kamikaze into the flying snake.

</doc>
<doc id="36520179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520179" title="Sarre (Bode)">
Sarre (Bode)

The Sarre is a river in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is a tributary of the Bode (Saale) .

</doc>
<doc id="36520189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520189" title="Akdam, Çine">
Akdam, Çine

Akdam is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 85 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520197" title="Valbusa">
Valbusa

Valbusa is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36520223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520223" title="Valchev">
Valchev

Valchev is a Bulgarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36520233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520233" title="Valcin">
Valcin

Valcin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36520247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520247" title="Valcke">
Valcke

Valcke is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36520256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520256" title="Axwijk">
Axwijk

Axwijk may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36520259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520259" title="Preyasi Rave">
Preyasi Rave

Preyasi Rave is a 1999 Telugu film directed by Chandra Mahesh and produced by D. Ramanaidu. The film stars Srikanth, Rasi, Prithvi and Sanghavi in the lead roles.
Music.
The music was composed by M. M. Srilekha.

</doc>
<doc id="36520267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520267" title="Alabayır, Çine">
Alabayır, Çine

Alabayır is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 651 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520270" title="Albert Wigand">
Albert Wigand

Julius Wilhelm Albert Wigand (21 April 1821 – 22 October 1886) was a German Botanist. In 1846 he received his PhD and started lecturing at the University of Marburg. He became director of the Alter Botanischer Garten Marburg in 1861. Being a strict Christian, he was opposed to Charles Darwin's theories.

</doc>
<doc id="36520275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520275" title="Altınova, Çine">
Altınova, Çine

Altınova is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 355 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520276" title="Bakay">
Bakay

Bakay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36520279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520279" title="Bağlarbaşı, Çine">
Bağlarbaşı, Çine

Bağlarbaşı is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 138 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520287" title="Bahçearası, Çine">
Bahçearası, Çine

Bahçearası is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 587 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520292" title="Bedirler, Çine">
Bedirler, Çine

Bedirler is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 103 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520294" title="Bereket, Çine">
Bereket, Çine

Bereket is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 374 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520310" title="Noyz Narcos">
Noyz Narcos

Noyz Narcos, stage name of Emanuele Frasca, known as Noyz or White Zombie (born December 15, 1979 in Rome), is an Italian rapper, beatmaker and writer. He is also a member of the italian group TruceKlan.
Biography.
Beginnings, first crews and "Non dormire" (1996–2005).
During adolescence begins to play basketball cultivating a passion for Nike and graffiti so he joined the TBF crew and Savage Boys. He begin his career in a grindcore group together with Metal Carter, but soon realizes that his path is that of hip-hop. Then he enters the world of rap at 19 in the crew Erreaccanegativo, founded by Darko Fetz and Ricky Jd. They released their first album "Calma apparente" in 1996, but Noyz does not take part because leaves the crew. Later in 2000 he works with the Truceboys to the creation of their first EP. He then joined the Roman crew on a permanent basis, contributing to the creation and release of the album "Sangue" in 2003. The next period in which the members of the group take on solo careers after the creation of the collective Truceklan is very positive for Noyz. In July 2005 he releases his first solo album entitled "Non dormire", disc of 16 tracks in which the TruceBoys work together with other artists of the Roman scene.
"La calda notte" with Chicoria and "Verano zombie" (2006–2007).
Shortly after, Noyz Narcos collaborates with Chicoria (from the project in the Panchine) and publish together "La calda notte" in October 2006. The album, released by Traffik Records, consists of a CD containing 13 tracks which work together Truceklan artists and a DVD containing live performances of Truceklan. A video is not present on music TV because explicitly pornographic.
In 2007 Noyz Narcos public "Verano zombie", an album in which the instrumental sounds of "Non dormire" are set aside to move to the equally aggressive beat, but not array of guitar. In the album Metal Carter, Gel, Cole, Mystic One, Duke Montana, Chicoria, collabortae with members of the Truceklan, Danno from Colle Der Fomento, Gue Pequeno, Marracash and Vincenzo da Via Anfossi of Dogo Gang. In the same year, together with representatives of Truceklan and Hawk Nelson Noyz plays in "Mucchio selvaggio", porn film that has become a cult for fans of Hip Hop.
"Ministero dell'inferno" and the collaboration with DJ Genghis (2008–2009).
The Ministero dell'inferno collection was released in March 2008, starring the TruceKlan supported by several well-known names of the Italian hip hop scene like Club Dogo, Kaos One, Santo Trafficante, Fabri Fibra, Gente de Borgata, Danno from Colle Der Fomento, and names totally detached from hip hop context: : Cripple Bastards, Miss Violetta Beauregarde and Pinta Facile. The atypical nature of the collaboration, the use of samples from the soundtracks of a certain genre film, the dark atmospheres and the dark beats, lyrics focusing exclusively on existential malaise, urban decay, horrific imagery, faced with cruelty, cynicism and total disenchantment want to be a breaking point compared to all the italian rap compilations output until now. The production of the beats is headed by Lou Chano, Fuzzy, Rough, Don Joe, Noyz Narcos, C.U.N.S., Giordy Beat, DJ Gengis Khan. In addition, he stars with Chicoria , Duke Montana and Cole in the short film "Ganja Fiction".
In the same year the mixtape "The Best Out Mixtape" comes out, produced by DJ Genghis Khan. The album saw the participation of many italian MC and has been a great success so as to make it necessary to build a second volume, issued in June 2009.
"Guilty" and B.B.C. with Metal Carter and Duke Montana (2009–2011).
On the morning of September 18, 2009 during a drug raid called "La calda notte" Noyz Narcos was detained without being arrested.
January 29, 2010 Noyz Narcos released the third studio album "Guilty", anticipated by the video clips of the songs "M3" and "Mosche nere", respectively published on November 1, 2009 and January 11, 2010. The album includes collaborations with leading members of the italian rap scene wich Club Dogo, Marracash, Fabri Fibra and many others.
In 2011, Noyz Narcos, Metal Carter and Duke Montana founded the BBC (an acronym for "Black Bandana Click"). The first project was supposed to be the album "Klan Related", but after the publication of the video of Metal Carter ("Undead"), Duke Montana ("Anthem") and Noyz Narcos ("Drag You to Hell") the project fails due to disagreements between Noyz and Duke and the three tracks are collected in the EP "BBC Project Single".
The Best of the Beast Tour (2011–2012).
In October 15, 2011 Noyz Narcos participated in the "HitWeek Festival" in Miami together with artists like Caparezza and Casino Royale. After returning from America Noyz starts with his new tour called "The Best of The Best" organized by Live Nation, Propaganda Agency and Propapromoz. The tour was created to announce his upcoming album titled "Monster" originally planned for 2012 and left October 31 from Novara ending December 26 in Cagliari, included 12 dates in the major clubs in Italy. The tour was accompanied by members of the Truceklan Mystic One and DJ Genghis Khan. On January 28, 2012 in Milan accompanied by DJ Genghis Khan Noyz Narcos opens the concert of the Dope DOD on their first European tour. The evening is called "The Wild Beat Massacre".
In February 2012, he released the video for "Wild Boys", a piece created in collaboration with Gast. On May 31, he opens the concert in Rome of the U.S. hip-hop collective La Coka Nostra in their Masters of the Dark Arts Tour. In July 23, Noyz Narcos and Metal Carter grant an interview for Vice Italy where they tell their careers before Truceboys until today. On November 15, he is a guest on The Pills on Deejay TV and the same night edits the new single video "16 Barre" in collaboration with Aban from his album Ordinary Madness-The Good Side.
"Monster" (2012–2014).
May 22, 2012 the single "Game Over" is published, anticipating the release of the rapper's fourth studio album, entitled "Monster" and initially planned for the end of the month. On November 23 by Propaganda Agency, producers of "Monster" are announced: Denny The Cool, Joe Don, Frenetik Beat, Fritz da Cat, Fuzzy, Kiquè Velasquez, Mace, DJ Shablo, DJ Sine and The Ortopedic.
On March 13, 2013 the album cover and the date of publication are announced, set for April 9. The same day it is announced the videoclip of "Attica", published in the Noyz Narcos YouTube channel in March 18. The album is released by Propaganda Agency and distributed by Sony Music. Through Facebook, Propaganda Agency has published the first seven dates of Monster Tour 2013 started on March 30 in Genoa. For the tour Noyz has enlisted the help of DJ Genghis Khan, Chicoria and Gast. "Monster" is composed of various members of the Truceklan as Chicoria, Metal Carter, Mystic One and Gast, even beyond Nex Cassel and Gionni Gioielli, Aban, Vacca and Tormento. There is another collaboration with Fetz Darko after "Cinemacciaio" and more in the disk there are two scratch of DJ Genghis Khan. The album has debuted at the seventh position of the Italian Ranked album. On April 18, the video "Rob Zombie" of Salmo in collaboration with Noyz has been published, while May 13 the third video clip from "Monster" is released, "Alfa Alfa".
On July 13, 2013 in Milan he opens the concert of Wu Tang Clan and two days later he publishes the video clip of the title track "Monster", directed by Trash Secco. Still in 2013, Noyz Narcos embarks on a series of collaborations, including one with Fritz da Cat in the song "With or Without It" (also attended by the Calibro 35), originally entered in "Leaks" and later in "Fritz", and with DJ Genghis Khan in "Casey Jones", inserted in the mixtape "Rome Sweet Home".
Between the end of 2013 and beginning of 2014, Noyz Narcos has published two other video clips extracted from "Monster": "Dope Boys" and "Drive Solo". The video clips have been respectively published in November 20, 2013 and February 14, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36520325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520325" title="Khayyam Mirzazade">
Khayyam Mirzazade

Khayyam Hadi oglu Mirzazade () – is an Azerbaijani composer and professor.
Biography.
Khayyam Mirzazade was born on October 5, 1935 in Baku. In 1957, he was graduated from Azerbaijan State Conservatoire. From 1957, he taught at Azerbaijan State Conservatoire. From 1969 to 1983, he was a manager of composition cathedra at Azerbaijan State Conservatoire. Khayyam Mirzazade is the author of symphonic and chamber compositions, music to drama spectacles and movies and lyric songs.
On October 7, 2000 he was awarded with Shohrat Order by the President of Azerbaijan.
Compositions.
For chorus, soloist and symphony orchestra:
For symphony orchestra:
For chamber orchestra:
For woodwind instruments:
For string quartet:
For brass instruments:
For violin and fortepiano:

</doc>
<doc id="36520327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520327" title="Robert Brendel">
Robert Brendel

Robert Brendel (c. 1821–1898) and his son Reinhold Brendel (c. 1861–1927) were botanical modelmakers in first Breslau then Grunewald Berlin.
They produced accurate, large-scale models of plant structures. These were sold to technical universities teaching practical botany.

</doc>
<doc id="36520345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520345" title="Good Morning to the Night">
Good Morning to the Night

Good Morning to the Night is a remix album by Elton John and Pnau. It reached No. 1 on the UK Albums Chart in July 2012.
Samples.
1. "Good Morning to the Night"
Includes elements from the following original Elton John sound recordings:
2. "Sad"
Includes elements from:
3. "Black Icy Stare"
Includes elements from:
4. "Foreign Fields"
Includes elements from:
5. "Telegraph to the Afterlife"
Includes elements from:
6. "Phoenix"
Includes elements from:
7. "Karmatron"
Includes elements from:
8. "Sixty"
Includes elements from:

</doc>
<doc id="36520368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520368" title="Sailfish OS">
Sailfish OS

Sailfish is a mobile operating system combining the Linux kernel with mer and proprietary software written by Jolla. Sailfish is being developed by the Sailfish Alliance. It is to be used in upcoming smartphones by Jolla and other licensees. Although it is primarily targeted at mobile phones, it is also intended to support other categories of devices.
Software architecture.
The Sailfish OS and the Sailfish SDK is based on the Linux kernel and Mer. Sailfish OS also includes a proprietary multi-tasking user interface programmed by Jolla. Sailfish OS is intended to offer a competitive advantage against devices that run Google's Android or Apple's iOS.
The architecture is:
Wayland (display server protocol) in Sailfish OS.
Carsten Munk has made it possible to run the Sailfish OS UI on Wayland by using glibc atop Android GPU drivers.
Sailfish OS SDK.
The Sailfish OS SDK was announced in Helsinki at Slush in 2012, and the alpha was published in February 2013. As open source software, it is available for free download from the Sailfish OS Wiki together with installation and coding tutorials. Most users have described positive impressions from using the alpha SDK, however some critical remarks have been reported. Several developers announced porting their existing software from various platforms to Sailfish OS at JollaHQ twitter channel.
The Sailfish OS SDK uses Qt with a virtual box for development, compiling and emulation purposes. This technique allows compilation on the Sailfish OS and to test developed software in the virtual machine. This also separate development activities and (side) effects from everything else going on this particular computer.
Jolla says that as development with Sailfish SDK is development on Sailfish OS itself, there are no differences between developed software appearance and behaviour in SDK and on end-user machine with Sailfish OS.
The SDK contains Sailfish OS in its entirety, and emulates (see: emulation, in contrary to simulation) the entire Sailfish OS at the host computer running SDK what in fact means that the entire Sailfish OS, including the kernel, is running in the SDK's virtual machine. That is why porting and developing of any software with Sailfish SDK is possible, even before Jolla mobile is available.
The open source nature of SDK allows shaping and rebuilding it for particular and specific needs of any company or any organisation or any group of developers or an advanced developer, which allows creating a context-specific environment. This supports creating a specific personalised coding environment with specific tools for specific needs that is set once and then always ready to work as set, and does not need initial preparation for specific needs every time it is turned on (booted).
The SDK supports many systems like Android, Linux (32- and 64-bit version), OS X (64-bit version only as of March 2013) or Windows.
Marc Dillon said about the SDK: "(...)Yes, there's an emulator so you can see how the applications work, and all of our UI features are available as UI components. Actually you can develop applications that have all these different UI components and different elements and use the power of the OS.(...)".
Privacy.
Responding to privacy concerns in light of the PRISM spying program that came to light in summer 2013, a company representative said the US National Security Agency (NSA) would have no access to Jolla's servers. "Jolla servers are not in US, so we are not subject to any US rules or regulations regarding disclosing information." Many see in this the Sailfish OS and Jolla's smartphone advantage over other operating systems like Windows, Android or iOS, which are from companies that allegedly grant secret services wide access to user data.
Components.
Jolla has revealed its plans to use the following technologies in Sailfish OS:
Jolla continues building the MeeGo ecosystem.
The Mer project does not include a kernel, so it can't be considered a complete operating system on its own. It is a set of libraries complying with the MeeGo API specification, which can be used to build a bootable Linux distribution (i.e. Sailfish OS). This means that Sailfish OS will work on any hardware platform on which the Mer core can be installed.
Application programming interfaces.
Qt APIs (QtQuick, QtWebkit and more) should be used by typical Sailfish OS applications. Also standard Linux APIs within reason for mobile usage will be available.
Software overview.
Software version.
List of software version and update names for Sailfish OS. Each Sailfish OS version will be named after a Finnish lake.
Migration to Sailfish OS and porting software.
A number of projects successful at other platforms are migrating to become native at Sailfish OS. This enable developers to earn additional incomes, also for abandoned Harmattan or Symbian developers. In case of Qt written projects often it's a question of a few hours to port a whole project. This process is supported and for this purpose sailfish.org collects and publishes an online compendium of knowledge, links and instructions on:
It gathers and links development resources of different kinds and origins.
Jolla Harbour for submitting software to the Jolla Store.
The important element of the Sailfish MeeGo ecosystem is the Jolla Harbour (harbour.jolla.com) devoted for submitting applications to the Jolla Store, where one can submit and manage one's applications. Consumers are able to install available software directly from their Sailfish devices. As Sailfish is mobile OS of general purpose it is intended to make Sailfish software available for sale and as a free applications.
There are binary package naming guidelines for uploading files. Developers are to provide metadata:
After submission an application to Jolla Harbour, so the metadata and the binary and required images, Jolla performs Quality Assurance testing on real Sailfish devices, then gets back with feedback of QA results within undefined "a few days" via the email address registered to Jolla account.
At the beginning of November 2013 it was launched but not fully operational as still under construction, so it is in advanced public betatesting, but not the full performance. It allows developers and users to test portal performance with free applications and Jolla to correct issues reported by users to avoid the shame of non-working properly store known generally from former mobiles vendor. That is also fulfilling of the one of the main demands from both customers and developers: 
During the first days after launch at 6 November 2013 number of interested in exceeded expectations and hardware abilities. There were so many demands that the server was overloaded and access to the Harbour portal website was impossible.
Compatibility.
Jolla declared Sailfish OS compatible with Android phone and tablets hardware, using existing Android device drivers. This was announced on September 2013 and it is a major milestone. This has been achieved with use of Alien Dalvik by Myriad Group. This is a big step forward for phone and tablet manufacturers which can immediately and effortlessly integrate their existing devices with the Sailfish OS and still have ability to use Android software. Unveiled in 2013 Jolla prototypes and Sailfish running on other non-Jolla devices have shown proves of compatibility and Android applications running without problems, with native speed, without lags or jams.
Jolla has previously stated that Sailfish is compatible with Android applications. This was done in collaboration with the creators of Alien Dalvik, the Myriad Group, known for running Android apps with the Nokia N9 (but the Android layer was never released as built-in on N9). Many Android applications run on Jolla devices unchanged. To take advantage of all UI and other features of Sailfish OS and make applications fast they may need porting to native Qt/QML, there are extensive guides available on porting to Qt/QML.
In all Sailfish OS devices released for sale (via mobile operators and internet Jolla's shop) in 2013 year the Android compatibility has been fully working as expected for almost all software. However, in a few cases, when original software was not following the Android standards, it was not launch-able or steering was a problem, as Jolla informed before.
Jolla has reported that Ubuntu, Sailfish and Plasma Active cooperation for sharing common APIs is in progress and - upon success - will make the platforms compatible on the API level.
As Jolla Sailfish is based on the open-source Meego, it is compatible to some extent with MeeGo Harmattan released by Nokia with the N9 phone. The applications written in Qt for N9 might need a minor conversion process before they can run on Sailfish.
Software availability.
Sailfish will be able to run most applications that were originally developed for MeeGo and Android, in addition to native Sailfish applications. This will give it a large catalogue of available apps on launch.
Considering upon Jolla's declarations that Sailfish OS is be able to use software from following platforms
Hardware overview.
Advantages due to the Mer.
The Sailfish OS in general can be used on any hardware supported by the Mer core distribution.
Rather than designate a specific reference hardware platform, a VirtualBox implementation with the Sailfish OS SDK is available for development on most popular OSes like Linux, OS X, Windows, and this VM contains the whole Sailfish OS isolated from local resources to enable comfortable work at any particular PC. This allows evaluating coded or ported software behaviour and performance in future on any real device and safe experimenting "de facto" on Sailfish OS itself. This is also caused by fact that Sailfish OS is not limited only to Jolla products and devices, but open for other partners which can use any different hardware.
Types of devices.
Although Sailfish has been presented first for mobile use with upcoming smartphones by Jolla, as a continuation of MeeGo and using Mer core and the open source philosophy behind them both, it is also an OS for general purposes including devices such as smart televisions, computers, laptops, netbooks, tablets, navigations, cameras, household devices of many kinds, for automotive in cars and IVI, for sailing purposes in yachts and boats, and others. The Sailfish Linux OS in the same way as the MeeGo and the Mer projects it is not limited to use in mobiles only, but can be used with other forms of consumer electronics.
Jolla's Sailfish OS works on a tablet too. Jolla managers said in November 2012 that there could be a Sailfish tablet, but Jolla itself will, in this first wave, concentrate on a smartphone, but it does not exclude devices of different types.
Devices running Sailfish OS.
Sailfish runs on the Jolla phone.
Sailfish has also been ported to devices like:
Sailfish OS licensing.
Jolla said that any mobile phone manufacturer will be able to license and use Sailfish with their mobile phones and other mobile devices, as they can with Android. The details of licensing have not been presented yet, but it was mentioned that the whole of Sailfish OS is to be licensed as open source.
OS development status.
Sailfish OS is promoted and supported in many ways with the open Sailfish Alliance established in 2011, a movement established to unite OEM and ODM manufacturers, chipset providers, operators, application developers and retailers.
On 16 August 2012, the user interface was reported as ready to go. Jolla's CEO Jussi Hurmola stated in a ZDNet interview: "(...) Our UI is ready now, we haven't released it yet, we will save it for the product launch and the platform is getting up now so the project looks pretty nice. (...)"
The next day, Jolla's CEO Marc Dillon tweeted that they had reached the first development target.
The Sailfish was presented for the first time by the Jolla team, including a worldwide internet stream, as a demo of the OS, as well as the UI and SDK during the Slush event in Helsinki, Finland, on 21–22 November 2012.
The Sailfish OS SDK in the alpha stage was published at the end of February 2013 and available for free download.
On 16 September 2013, Jolla has announced that its Sailfish OS is now compatible with Android applications and hardware.
Jolla announced that the first phone to come with Sailfish OS will be launched on 27 November at a pop-up DNA Kauppa shop in Narinkkatori, central Helsinki, Finland. The first 450 phones will be sold on this event, while the rest of the preordered devices will ship shortly after.

</doc>
<doc id="36520389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520389" title="Hearts No Static">
Hearts No Static

Hearts No Static is an instrumental post-rock band from Stockholm, Sweden.
Biography.
The band was started in 2009 by John Roger Olsson, Otto Johansson and Jens Pettersson. The music of HNS has been described as post-rock with influences of ambient, drone and minimalism. 
On September 17, 2009 the band released the debut EP "The Monthly Noise" on label/news blog It's a Trap! as a free download. The EP was recorded after the debut album "Motif" which was released on November 20, 2009 via the German label Bureau-B.
"Motif" received good reviews in the press in the UK, Germany and Sweden. UK news site MadeLoud.com wrote ""Unlike the constant building of Explosions in the Sky, who always seem to be reaching higher towards some epic peak, Motif stays decidedly still. The band carves out a stable location and ventures away from it in tentative excursions, only to retrace their footsteps back to the start once again. Gone is the tension and release formula that so much post-rock relies on, replaced instead by a repetitive cycle that invokes comfort and familiarity."" 
Alex Woodward at RockARolla Magazine wrote: ""For the most part, Hearts No Static avoid the more worthy bombast of their many contemporaries, in favor of an even more beautiful lower key take, with shades of Tortoise and Do Make Say Think's jazz inflections and a subtle, majestic ambient yearning, proving that there's still life in the old post-rock yet."" 
In 2012 drummer Jens Pettersson quit the band and guitarist John Roger Olsson switched from guitar to drums and Mikko Singh from Will Gambola Sing/Haleiwa was announced as the new guitarist.

</doc>
<doc id="36520392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520392" title="Bölüntü, Çine">
Bölüntü, Çine

Bölüntü is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 318 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520393" title="Bucak, Çine">
Bucak, Çine

Bucak is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 217 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520394" title="Camızağılı, Çine">
Camızağılı, Çine

Camızağılı is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 586 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520397" title="Cumalı, Çine">
Cumalı, Çine

Cumalı is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 594 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520401" title="Çaltı, Çine">
Çaltı, Çine

Çaltı is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1,147 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520404" title="Çatak, Çine">
Çatak, Çine

Çatak is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 240 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520406" title="Çöğürlük, Çine">
Çöğürlük, Çine

Çöğürlük is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 271 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520409" title="Dereli, Çine">
Dereli, Çine

Dereli is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 122 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520411" title="Dorumlar, Çine">
Dorumlar, Çine

Dorumlar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 237 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520413" title="Dutluoluk, Çine">
Dutluoluk, Çine

Dutluoluk is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 402 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520418" title="Elderesi, Çine">
Elderesi, Çine

Elderesi is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 472 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520420" title="Esentepe, Çine">
Esentepe, Çine

Esentepe is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 255 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520422" title="Eskiçine, Çine">
Eskiçine, Çine

Eskiçine is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 786 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520423" title="File Fixity">
File Fixity

File Fixity is a digital preservation term referring to the property of a digital file being fixed, or unchanged. Fixity checking is the process of verifying that a digital object has not been altered or corrupted. During transfer, a repository may run a fixity check to ensure a transmitted file has not been altered en route. Within the repository, fixity checking is used to ensure that digital files have not been affected by bit rot or other digital preservation dangers. By itself, fixity checking does not ensure the preservation of a digital file. Instead, it allows a repository to identify which corrupted files to replace with a clean copy from the producer or from a backup.
In practice, a fixity check is most often accomplished by computing checksum or cryptographic hash function values for a file and comparing them to a stored value or through digital signatures. File fixity figures prominently in , the Government Printing Office's work on the Authenticity of Electronic Federal Government Publications, and fixity checking practices are used by a range of cultural heritage organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="36520424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520424" title="Evciler, Çine">
Evciler, Çine

Evciler is a small town in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 2404 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520427" title="Gökyaka, Çine">
Gökyaka, Çine

Gökyaka is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 749 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520431" title="Hacıpaşalar, Çine">
Hacıpaşalar, Çine

Hacıpaşalar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 381 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520432" title="Hallaçlar, Çine">
Hallaçlar, Çine

Hallaçlar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 327 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520438" title="İbrahimkavağı, Çine">
İbrahimkavağı, Çine

İbrahimkavağı is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 516 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520439" title="Namiremebe Parents Primary School">
Namiremebe Parents Primary School

Namirembe Parents’ Primary School is a mixed day and boarding primary school
located in Rubaga Division of Kampala District in Central Uganda.
Location.
The school campus is situated in Rubaga Division, a division of Kampala, Uganda's
capital and largest city.

</doc>
<doc id="36520442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520442" title="Kabataş, Çine">
Kabataş, Çine

Kabataş is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 502 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520444" title="Kahraman, Çine">
Kahraman, Çine

Kahraman is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1169 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520445" title="Karahayıt, Çine">
Karahayıt, Çine

Karahayıt is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 294 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520446" title="George Griffin (rugby league)">
George Griffin (rugby league)

George Griffin is a rugby league player for London Broncos in the Super League. He previously played for Hull KR and had a spell in Australia, with Queanbeyan Kangaroos.

</doc>
<doc id="36520448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520448" title="Karakollar, Çine">
Karakollar, Çine

Karakollar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1698 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520450" title="Karanfiller, Çine">
Karanfiller, Çine

Karanfiller is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 106 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520452" title="Karğı, Çine">
Karğı, Çine

Karğı is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 402 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520453" title="Juanlu (footballer, born 1972)">
Juanlu (footballer, born 1972)

Juan Luis Bernal Cuéllar (born 7 November 1972 in Jerez de la Frontera, Andalusia), aka Juanlu, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender, and a current assistant coach.

</doc>
<doc id="36520455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520455" title="Kasar, Çine">
Kasar, Çine

Kasar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 362 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520457" title="Kavşıt, Çine">
Kavşıt, Çine

Kavşıt is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 558 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520476" title="Kırkışık, Çine">
Kırkışık, Çine

Kırkışık is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 241 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520477" title="Kırksakallar, Çine">
Kırksakallar, Çine

Kırksakallar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 340 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520479" title="Kızılgüney, Çine">
Kızılgüney, Çine

Kızılgüney is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 73 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520480" title="Kuruköy, Çine">
Kuruköy, Çine

Kuruköy is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 895 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520482" title="Mutaflar, Çine">
Mutaflar, Çine

Mutaflar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1143 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520483" title="Ovacık, Çine">
Ovacık, Çine

Ovacık is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 581 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520484" title="Özeren, Çine">
Özeren, Çine

Özeren is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 131 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520485" title="Saraçlar, Çine">
Saraçlar, Çine

Saraçlar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 571 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520486" title="Seán Delargy">
Seán Delargy

Seán Delargy (born 1982) is a Northern Irish hurler who played as a left corner-back for the Antrim senior team. 
Delargy made his first appearance for the team during the 2002 National League and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 2011 championship. During that time he won five Ulster winners' medals.
At club level Delargy is a two-time Ulster medalist with Ruairí Óg Cushendall. In addition to this he has also won three county championship winners' medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36520489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520489" title="Sarnıç, Çine">
Sarnıç, Çine

Sarnıç is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 254 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520492" title="Soğukoluk, Çine">
Soğukoluk, Çine

Soğukoluk is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 593 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520497" title="Subaşı, Çine">
Subaşı, Çine

Subaşı is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 262 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520499" title="Taşoluk, Çine">
Taşoluk, Çine

Taşoluk is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 66 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520501" title="Tatarmemişler, Çine">
Tatarmemişler, Çine

Tatarmemişler is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 329 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520502" title="Tepeköy, Çine">
Tepeköy, Çine

Tepeköy is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 202 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520505" title="Topçam, Çine">
Topçam, Çine

Topçam is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 776 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520508" title="John Karaspyros">
John Karaspyros

John Karaspyros (born 9 March 1960) is an Australian former association football player.
Playing career.
Club career.
Karaspyros played in for Sydney Olympic FC in the National Soccer League and Canterbury-Marrickville in the New South Wales State League.
International career.
Karaspyros played one full international for Australia in 1978 against Greece in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="36520509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520509" title="Ünlüce, Çine">
Ünlüce, Çine

Ünlüce is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 183 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520510" title="Yağcılar, Çine">
Yağcılar, Çine

Yağcılar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 315 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520512" title="Yeniköy, Çine">
Yeniköy, Çine

Yeniköy is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 649 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520515" title="Yolboyu, Çine">
Yolboyu, Çine

Yolboyu is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 659 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520516" title="Yörükler, Çine">
Yörükler, Çine

Yörükler is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 194 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520525" title="Altınabat, Çine">
Altınabat, Çine

Altınabat is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 343 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520526" title="Hasanlar, Çine">
Hasanlar, Çine

Hasanlar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 122 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520529" title="Kabalar, Çine">
Kabalar, Çine

Kabalar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 302 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520531" title="Kadılar, Çine">
Kadılar, Çine

Kadılar is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 195 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520532" title="Michael Page (fighter)">
Michael Page (fighter)

Michael "Venom" Page (Born 7 April 1987) is an English kickboxer, Karateka and mixed martial artist, fighting in the welterweight division. He is recognised in the MMA community for his unorthodox fighting style, which he has been using since he was competing in freestyle kickboxing.
Kickboxing.
His father is Curtis Page, a Lau Gar Kung Fu Master, and his brothers are also Kickboxing World Champions.
Michael began training in martial arts at the age of 3 in Lau Gar Kung Fu, and competed at his first Karate tournament at the age of 5. Because almost everyone in his family, including his dad Curtis Page, were involved in martial arts he felt he should follow suit.
Page has won ten world championships in freestyle kickboxing – his first being at the age of 12 – as well as being crowned British champion a "silly amount of times" in his words. He has also trained at Cobham Martial Arts Centre in Surrey. One notable world title win was at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 (Coimbra), where at the men's Semi Contact division, he won the gold medal after defeating Ireland's Dave Heffernan by decision. He also competed at the World Combat Games 2010 in the 89 kg semi-contact division, where he won silver, just losing out on gold to the division winner Kristian Jaroszkievicz.
He also coaches and trains others in kickboxing when he isn't competing.
Mixed martial arts career.
Background.
He currently trains with the London Shootfighters, a camp with a slew of recognizable names such as James Thompson, Mostapha Al Turk, Marius Zaromskis, Karlos Vemola, Zelg Galesic, John Hathaway and Lee Murray.
UCMMA.
Page made his MMA debut at UCMMA 26 against Ben Dishman, which he won via TKO from a tornado kick. This fight had the whole MMA community talking about Page's striking skills, going as far as calling him 'The UK's Anderson Silva'.
Page next faced Miguel Bernard at UCMMA 27 in a 175 lbs catchweight bout, winning once again in impressive fashion. After both men spent over a minute using their unorthodox striking styles, Page slipped and fell onto his back. Bernard followed him to the ground, prompting Page to go for a triangle choke. After managing to pull his head out, Bernard found himself in an armbar, forcing him to tap out at 1:43 into the first round.
Page then went back to his roots as a kickboxer when he fought in a UK-1 bout at UCMMA 29. Page was supposed to challenge UCMMA UK-1 Welterweight champion Peter Irving for the belt. However, Irving had to pull out of the fight due to injury and was replaced by Jefferson George after another three opponents dropped out after also being injured. Page won the fight after knocking out George from a two punch combination in the second round.
Super Fight League.
On 23 June, the Super Fight League announced that they had signed Michael Page, along with Jeff Monson, Satoshi Ishii, Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou.
Page made his debut for the Super Fight League at SFL 7 against Haitham Tantawy, winning by doctor stoppage due to cuts.
Page returned to Super Fight League in April 2013 to face Ramdan Mohamed as the main event at SFL 15 in India and won via submission.
Bellator Fighting Championships.
After winning his UK-1 fight against Jefferson George, he announced post-fight that he has signed a contract with Bellator Fighting Championships, and that he will fight for both Bellator and the Super Fight League under their respective contracts.
Page was expected to make his debut for the promotion at , however he pulled out of the bout citing an injury.
Page eventually made his debut on 21 March 2013 at . He faced Ryan Sanders and won the fight via knock out at just ten seconds into the first round.
Page defeated Ricky Rainey via KO (punch) in the first round at Bellator 120 on May 17, 2014.
Trivia.
Page listed his favorite fight he witnessed in person to be a "freestyle kickboxing bout Simon Lewis vs Matthew Winsper".
His father is his biggest influence towards his combat sports career.

</doc>
<doc id="36520533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520533" title="Sağlık, Çine">
Sağlık, Çine

Sağlık is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 195 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520535" title="Sarıköy, Çine">
Sarıköy, Çine

Sarıköy is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 184 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520536" title="Seferler, Çine">
Seferler, Çine

Seferler is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 802 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520537" title="Söğütçük, Çine">
Söğütçük, Çine

Söğütçük is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 128 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520538" title="Umurköy, Çine">
Umurköy, Çine

Umurköy is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 727 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520539" title="Yeşilköy, Çine">
Yeşilköy, Çine

Yeşilköy is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 194 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520563" title="Death of Abdulredha Buhmaid">
Death of Abdulredha Buhmaid

Abdulredha Mohamed Hasan Buhmaid (or "Buhamaid", ) was a 28-year-old Bahraini protester shot by a live bullet in the head on 18 February 2011. He died in hospital three days later, the seventh death in the Bahraini uprising.
Buhmaid was among a group of protesters who on 18 February marched toward the Pearl Roundabout following the funeral procession of protester Ali Abdulhadi Mushaima, who was killed four days earlier. When the protesters neared Pearl Roundabout, the army opened fire. Buhmaid collapsed to the ground, and blood poured from his head after it was hit by a bullet. The army opened fire twice more. Protesters regrouped after each round of shooting. Riot police finally intervened and dispersed protesters. Over one hundred protesters were injured, some seriously. Buhmaid was taken to Salmaniya hospital where attempts to revive him failed over the course of three days. He died on the afternoon of 21 February.
Several witnesses including journalists and medics accused authorities of shooting directly at protesters, preventing some ambulances from reaching the site and firing at others. The government however, denied those statements. It stated that warning shots were fired in the air and accused protesters of faking injuries. An investigation by a government-appointed commission of inquiry blamed the army for Buhmaid's death. The incident marked the first time that the Royal Bahraini Army was used to confront civilians, and at the time was considered "the bloodiest" incident since protests erupted.
Following the incident, the government offered dialogue which the opposition said they will only take part in after the withdrawal of the army. The general labor union called for a general strike. Internationally, the attack on protesters was condemned by Barack Obama and Human Rights Watch. High Representative of European Union expressed her deep concerns and called for restrain and immediate dialogue. Britain revoked over forty arms licenses to Bahrain after an earlier announcement that it would review them and German president canceled a planned visit to the country. Buhmaid is remembered by the opposition as a martyr, leader and symbol of peacefulness.
Short biography.
Buhmaid (or "Buhamaid", 28) was married and had three children. He lived in Malkiya, south west of Manama. According to his wife, he had strong ties with his brothers. In an interview with the Bahraini newspaper "Al Wasat", she said he used to take part in any political event in his area. "He was hoping to be Malkiya's first martyr and so he became", she added.
Background.
Inspired by the successful uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia, protests erupted in Bahrain on 14 February. During the day named as the Day of Rage, over 6,000 people participated in fifty-five demonstrations and political rallies in twenty-five different locations throughout Bahrain. Security forces responded to protests by firing tear gas, rubber bullets, sound bombs and birdshot. More than thirty protesters were injured and Ali Mushaima died as a result of birdshot injury in his back. The following day, during the deceased funeral, another protester was killed the same way. Angry protesters marched to and occupied Pearl Roundabout. By nightfall, their numbers had swelled to over 10,000. On 16 February, thousands of protesters continued to occupy Pearl Roundabout.
On 17 February (later referred to as the Bloody Thursday), police launched a pre-dawn raid on sleeping protesters. Four protesters were killed and more than 300 were injured bringing the number of those killed in the events to six. Health workers and a journalist were allegedly attacked by security forces. The army was deployed following clearance of Pearl roundabout which then set up checkpoints and barriers. The Interior Ministry issued a warning to stay off the streets, and the army warned that it was ready to take "punitive measures" to restore order. Protesters resorted to Salmaniya Hospital's car parks where thousands of them protested against the government. All 18 Members of Parliament from Al Wefaq, the only opposition political party represented in Parliament, submitted their resignations.
Incident.
On 18 February, over 50,000 participated in the funerals of crackdown victims. One was held in Al Daih, another in Karzakan. The largest however, was in Sitra. At about 4:46 in the afternoon, about a thousand protesters, most of them young men who participated in Al Daih funeral of Ali Abdulhadi Mushaima marched toward Manama, defying the government ban on gatherings. By 5:18 they had reached a road junction; to the right was Salmaniya hospital and to the left Pearl Roundabout. They turned left after a short pause. On their way, they clashed with riot police who withdrew from the site. Protesters continued their march removing barriers set by police a day ago.
By 5:30 protesters were 80 to 200 meters away from army forces stationed in Pearl Roundabout which "were armed with M16 assault rifles, Dilmun rifles and Browning .50 calibre machine guns mounted on top of armoured vehicles". The protest was peaceful and protesters were "holding their hands in the air and chanting 'peaceful, peaceful'". Some were holding flowers. As protesters continued marching, army troops opened fire.
Abdulredha Buhmaid was among the protesters. He was shot by a bullet in the head, collapsed to the ground and in the words of a witness, "blood was rushing from his head". Others sustained severe injuries inflicted by gunshots, two of whom also fell to the ground. Several eyewitnesses said army troops "gave no warning", but one witness said he heard them issue a warning several minutes after the initial shooting. Another witness said they heard a "faint voice of someone over a loudspeaker in the distance but could not make out what the speaker was saying".
Most protesters ran after hearing gunshots and a helicopter chased them. After shooting stopped, protesters regrouped. One youth picked a rock and headed toward the army, only to be stopped by four other protesters. A witness interviewed by Physicians for Human Rights said that he and other protesters moved closer to army forces following the initial shooting. According to him he asked "Why do you shoot us? We had our hands up. We are peaceful. What do you want from us?", one soldier replied "I want you to leave. If you do not turn back, I have orders to shoot". Arriving ambulances started evacuating the injured when army opened fire again.
When the shooting stopped, about fifty protesters started praying on the road, and few stood in front facing the army with their hands in the air. The army opened fire for a third time. The period of each shooting was short, because "people immediately started running away", witnesses said. After that, riot police intervened, firing tear gas and birdshot to disperse protesters, inflicting more injuries among them.
A cameraman working for the Associated Press said he saw "army units shooting anti-aircraft weapons, fitted on top of armored personnel carriers, above the protesters in apparent warning shots and attempts to drive them back from security cordons". Bahraini photojournalist Mazen Mahdi said that the army shot "live fire from machine guns" and that paramedics were blocked from helping the wounded. "The first was a warning shot in the air. But after that, they just opened fire at the people ... They shot at the ambulances when they came in", he added.
A senior emergencies researcher and medics interviewed by Human Rights Watch confirmed that some of the twelve ambulances sent were prevented by security forces from reaching the site. "The Daily Telegraph" said ambulances and paramedics "were shot at" and that "several were detained and at least one ambulance was impounded". Michael Slackman of "The New York Times" reported that he and a colleague were "shot at from a helicopter" shortly after army opened fire on protesters. Associated Press witnesses, "The Daily Telegraph", and "The New York Times" mentioned that army personnel positioned in high buildings and helicopters fired on protesters. Jalal Firooz, resigned MP of Al Wefaq, Bahrain's main opposition party, said he saw soldiers fire on protesters. A report by three local rights groups mentioned that "photos of the injuries suggest that army aimed at the upper body area".
Riot police chased down protesters who fled to Salmaniya, Bahrain's main hospital. Security forces backed off after initially advancing toward the hospital and firing tear gas into it. That night, over seven thousand protesters staged an anti-government sit-in in hospital parks, described by "The Guardian" as "the only place in Manama where they now feel safe to gather in numbers". The incident marked the first time that the Royal Bahraini Army was used to confront civilians, and at the time was considered "the bloodiest" incident since protests erupted.
Casualties.
At least 120 people were injured according to medical officials. Salmaniya hospital was "overwhelmed" with casualties, some of whom were taken to private hospitals. Doctors said that nine of the thirty-two casualties who reached Salmaniya hospital were in critical condition. Some medics cried while treating the injured, some of whom had bullets still lodged into their bodies, X-rays showed. A doctor interviewed by Al Jazeera English pleaded for help from "all countries in the world". Describing the situation in hospital as a war, Dr. Ghassan said, "They are shooting at people's heads. Not at the legs. People are having their brains blown out". Two doctors said they treated patients who "seemed to be by live bullets rather than shotgun pellets, judging by the entry and exit holes".
Buhmaid was taken to Salmaniya hospital. Blood was still "pouring from his head and he was unconscious". He was "clinging to life" in intensive care unit where doctors "struggled to stop his bleeding". "This is a bullet, gunshot wound, direct to his head and he's bleeding profusely from his nose, from his ear, his brain is shattered into pieces", said a doctor. Buhmaid's "brain was destroyed, but his body was still alive". His clinical death prompted a nurse on 20 February to smash a glass-framed image of the Prime Minister. Remaining in ICU for three days, Buhmaid was medically declared to be dead early in the afternoon of 21 February, becoming the seventh victim of the uprising.
Listing him under "Deaths Attributed to Security Forces", the Bahrain Independent Commission of Inquiry appointed by King Hamad to investigate the events stated that Buhmaid's death "may be attributed to the BDF " while also referring to the contrary result of the military investigation.
Government account.
On the night of 18 February, Fasial al-Hamar, then the Minister of Health, issued a press release aired on the national TV which denied there had been any deaths. He said the situation at Salmaniya hospital was calm and that only seven people were being treated for minor injuries. He also warned against what he called "rumors" spread in some satellite channels and websites. Bahrain's ambassador to the United States said that if army forces did fire live ammunition, "Probably they were warning shots only". "The forces that were used were proportional according to the law, they were legal, they were necessary because they were stopping the shops. The economy was hurting, the national economy. We had to take action and action was taken by the law," he added. However he admitted protesters did not use live rounds and promised that "Investigations will happen. And they will continue".
The army said that protesters defied its orders to evacuate the area. According to its statement, after at least fifteen minutes of repeating the same orders, soldiers fired warning shots to the air. It also alleged that protesters were accompanied by "a line of ambulances" out of which they took blood bags to "feign that they had been injured". Military prosecutors carried out an investigation and concluded that the trajectory of the bullet that killed Buhmaid were inconsistent with the bullet having been shot by the BDF, on the basis of an ordnance expert's report that concluded the shot was fired from a high elevation.
Aftermath.
Following the incident, the government offered dialogue with opposition and ordered army to withdraw from Pearl Roundabout. On 19 February, army troops were replaced by riot police. Hundreds of protesters moved to the site from different locations. A standoff between protesters and riot police was created, until the latter suddenly moved away. Thousands of protesters re-occupied the site following police withdrawal.
Funeral.
Buhmaid's funeral was held on 22 February in his village, Malkiya. Over 9,000 participated in the funeral procession which started from roundabout 13 in Hamad Town and ended in Malkiya graveyard. At the same day during afternoon, over 100,000 participated in a protest dubbed "March of loyalty to martyrs" in honor of the seven victims of the uprising.
Medics' trial.
In May 2011, 47 doctors, nurses, and dentists were charged for their actions during the uprising. One of the charges was conducting unnecessary operations to Buhmaid, which led to his death. In a press conference, Minister of Justice said "Buhmaid was shot in the head and he underwent a surgery in the presence of the media. His head had been open in an exaggerated manner, which led to his death".
Reactions.
Domestic.
Buhmaid's family said they were sad for his death, but their pride had overcome it. Appearing on the national TV, the crown prince authorized by his father, the king, offered unconditional dialogue with opposition. He offered "condolences to the people of Bahrain for the painful days they are living" and asked them to remain calm. Opposition activists demanded withdrawal of army and resignation of government for the dialogue to begin. "is no serious will for dialogue because the military is in the streets", said Matar Matar, resigned MP of Al Wefaq. The general labor union called for an indefinite general strike "unless the army is pulled out from the streets and peaceful demonstrations are permitted".
International.
Barack Obama criticized the government actions. In reference to government of Bahrain and Yemen, he said "The United States condemns the use of violence by governments against peaceful protesters in those countries and wherever else it may occur". Catherine Ashton, the High Representative of European Union demanded "restraint" from all parties and said that report of violence "deeply concerned" her. She called for dialogue to begin "without delay". The United Kingdom revoked forty four arm licenses to Bahrain, twenty of them open licenses. Foreign Office Minister Alistair Burt said "We are deeply concerned about the situation in Bahrain and the events which have led to the deaths of several protesters".
German president canceled a planned trip to the country. "Freedom of assembly and freedom of speech in Bahrain have to be fully guaranteed", a spokesman quoted him saying. Lawrence Cannon, then Canada's Foreign Minister called the Bahraini government to "exercise restraint" and lunch an investigation into protesters' deaths. "Canada urges Bahrain to respect its citizens' rights to freedom of expression and assembly, and to engage in peaceful dialogue with its people to address their concerns", he added.
Human Rights Watch condemned the attack. "The Bahraini army has done what the Egyptian army did not do and exactly what the United States and its other partners urged it not to do -- it has opened fire on its own people," its Washington director said. Fareed Zakaria, CNN's international affairs analyst, said that the crackdown on protesters was a "rash move that will enrage many of its people and cost the regime international prestige". "This is a terrible mistake and they will pay a heavy price for it. The regime in Bahrain is doing something very rash and unwise; it is trying to respond by using force and punitive measures. This is not going to work in the end", he added.
Legacy.
Buhmaid was the first person named a "field commander" by February 14 Youth Coalition, which also named their attempt to reoccupy Pearl Roundabout in the first anniversary of the uprising, "operation of the martyr leader Abdulredha Buhmaid". His death was described by the online opposition newspaper, "Bahrain Mirror", as a "legendary scene that will remain forever in the conscience of humanity". A poster found in two articles of the aforementioned newspaper described Buhmaid as "the martyr who brought down an army with his peacefulness".
Speaking to participants of a sit-in front of United Nations building in Manama on 22 February 2012, Ahlam al-Khuza'e of Al Wefaq said that shooting scene of Buhmaid was "the top manifestation of peacefulness". On 29 February, opposition parties organized a gathering in Malkiya to honor Buhmaid. Thousands participated in the gathering including Isa Qassim, Bahrain Shias' top religious figure.

</doc>
<doc id="36520570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520570" title="Ak-Yeniköy, Didim">
Ak-Yeniköy, Didim

Ak-Yeniköy is a small town in the District of Didim, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 2391 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520576" title="Balat, Didim">
Balat, Didim

Balat is a village in the District of Didim, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1110 people. The ruins of the ancient Greek city of Miletus are near the village.

</doc>
<doc id="36520578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520578" title="Batıköy, Didim">
Batıköy, Didim

Batıköy is a village in the District of Didim, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 198 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520582" title="Denizköy, Didim">
Denizköy, Didim

Denizköy is a village in the District of Didim, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 960 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520584" title="Yalıköy, Didim">
Yalıköy, Didim

Yalıköy is a village in the District of Didim, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1859 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520608" title="Barney McAuley">
Barney McAuley

Barney McAuley (born 1982) is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-back for the Antrim senior team. 
McAuley made his first appearance for the team during the 2003 National League and was a regular member of the starting fifteen until his retirement after the 2007 championship. During that time he won one Christy Ring Cup winners' medal and one Ulster winners' medal.
At club level McAuley is an All-Ireland medalist with Loughgiel Shamrocks. In addition to this he has also won back-to-back Ulster and county club championship winners' medals.

</doc>
<doc id="36520611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520611" title="Abdurrahmanlar, Germencik">
Abdurrahmanlar, Germencik

Abdurrahmanlar is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 174 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520614" title="Alangüllü, Germencik">
Alangüllü, Germencik

Alangüllü is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 177 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520616" title="Uruguayan general election, 1926">
Uruguayan general election, 1926

Elections for the President and National Administration Council were held alongside indirect Senate elections in Uruguay on 28 November 1926. In the Presidential elections, the three factions of the Colorado Party received 48.9% of the vote, whilst the National Party received 48.4%. A similar result was forthcoming in the National Administration Council elections.

</doc>
<doc id="36520619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520619" title="Balatçık, Germencik">
Balatçık, Germencik

Balatçık is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 550 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520620" title="Bozköy, Germencik">
Bozköy, Germencik

Bozköy is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1118 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520621" title="Çamköy, Germencik">
Çamköy, Germencik

Çamköy is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 1172 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520624" title="Çarıklar, Germencik">
Çarıklar, Germencik

Çarıklar is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 470 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520625" title="Davidaster">
Davidaster

Davidaster is a genus of crinoids. According to the World Register of Marine Species, a number of species that originally were included in the genus "Nemaster" are now included in "Davidaster". Members of this genus have wedge-shaped arms, except for the basal ones, often longer than they are wide. The mouth is off centre and there are no pinnule combs after pinnule 3. The primary comb has the teeth widely separated and confluent with the lateral edge of the segment.

</doc>
<doc id="36520626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520626" title="Allgaier (company)">
Allgaier (company)

The Allgaier Group is a systems supplier for the international automotive industry, including production of body panel dies as well as forming technology involving the production of pressed components and ready-to-fit components. The second pillar of the Allgaier Group is machinery and apparatus engineering for process technology. Allgaier produces and deliver systems worldwide for screening, drying/cooling, washing and sorting to companies in the bulk goods processing industry. The company currently has about 1880 people, a good two thirds of whom work at the headquarters in Uhingen. The Allgaier Group includes production and sales companies in Germany and other countries, as well as agencies in all major industrial countries of the world.
In 2011, Allgaier and Mogensen combined companies to create ALMO Process Technology. ALMO Process Technology is the North American Sales and Service division for Allgaier Process, Mogensen, Gosag, and ALMO Engineering - All part of the Allgaier-Group. Their office is located in West Chester, Ohio. They are an engineering processing solutions company. The Current President is Tom Schroeder. This company also carries Mogensen screeners, Allgaier screeners, Gosag dryers and coolers and washing systems. They specifically work to provide engineering solutions for current processing manufacturers.
Process Technology.
ALMO Process Technology is a new branch of the ALLGAIER Group which is located in North America (Cincinnati, OH). Combining the names of the brands Allgaier and Mogensen, ALMO now represents the process technology division of the ALLGAIER Group in North America. ALMO Process Technology is active in the areas of Washing, Drying, Cooling, Cleaning, Sorting, Screening, Calcining, Dispersion drying, Biomass drying, and Sizing.
Washing.
Washing machines use product on product or other abrasives to allow self-cleaning, reducing the need for water cleaning and conserving the resource.
Drying.
The drying technology department is headed by Dr. Ing. Mathias Trojosky. . The drying technology that has been developed by Allgaier is notable due to its ability to conserve time, space, and energy while excelling in quality. Specialized machine types include Rotary dryers, Fluidized bed dryers, Rolling bed dryers, Suspension and Paste dryers, and Dispersion dryers.
Cooling.
Is often combined with the drying process.
Screening.
The screening branch of the process technology division specializes in accuracy and precision of screening a multitude variety of materials including: Stones and soil, Waste/recycling, Chemicals, Foodstuffs, Mining (coal/ore), Metallurgy, Wood/particle boards, Plastics, Pharmaceuticals, Ceramics, Fodder, Bio fuels/pellets. Screeners developed include: Tumbler, Gyratory, and Vibratory.
History.
1906 Georg Allgaier founds a company in Göppingen producing simple cutting and punching tools.
1918 Transfers to Uhingen.
1928 First large-scale body panel dies delivery to Belgium and France.
1929 Start-up of production of pressed parts for the automotive industry.
1946 Following the death of the company's founder, his heirs continue running the company. Production of tractors is started.
1953 Starts manufacture of wind energy systems used for irrigation purposes worldwide.
1957 Manufacture of screening machines, Process Technology division begins.
1975 Dr. Dieter Hundt becomes the first sole managing partner of the Allgaier company, not a member of the Allgaier family.
1977 Foundation of a first production subsidiary based in France. Purchases of further production companies in Schleswig-Holstein, Sweden and Spain shortly after.
1980 Reconstruction of the press shop at the Uhingen headquarters as well as extensive investments in cutting-edge production technologies.
1986 New buildings for the Automotive and Process Technology divisions for production and training.
1988 Mogensen GmbH & Co. KG, Wedel, Hamburg is purchased by Allgaier.
1992 C.G. Mozer GmbH & Co. KG, Göppingen is purchased. Merger of the subsidiary into the headquarters in 2003.
1995 Fredrik Mogensen AB in Sweden is purchased.
2000 Foundation of the sales subsidiary, "German Allgaier Werke GmbH" Shanghai, China.
2003 Additional orders from the automotive industry for component production require building of a new Plant 6 (7000 square meters useful area), during the years 2001 to 2003 investments attain peak values of more than 20 million Euros per annum, and the production area had been increased by more than 50,000 square meters since the end of the 1970s.
2003 Purchase of GOSAG S.A. in Spain, manufacturer of screening and processing systems.
2005 Sales running at the equivalent of € 25 m in 1975, the year when Dr. Dieter Hundt joined the company, have been multiplied to € 255 m. The number of employees within the Allgaier Group increased from 830 to 1700 during this period.
2006 Centenary of the Allgaier company.
2007 Dipl.-Ing. Helmar Aßfalg takes over management of the company from Dr. Dieter Hundt, the latter taking up the post as Chairman of the Supervisory Board.
2008 The former business is split up into three independent companies.
Allgaier Werke GmbH controls the Group as a holding company, Allgaier Automotive GmbH serves the automotive industry, and Allgaier Process Technology GmbH faces all the challenges of process technology.
2009 Allgaier founds the automotive subsidiary, Allgaier de Mexico, and manufactures pressed parts and components for the automotive and component industry in the NAFTA from its site in Mexico City.
2010 Allgaier founds the process subsidiary ALMO Engineering GmbH in Austria. Allgaier founds the automotive subsidiary Allgaier Automotive Tool & Die Beijing Co. Ltd. in China
2011 ALMO Process is established as the North American subsidiary for the process technology division of Allgaier-Group

</doc>
<doc id="36520628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520628" title="Dağkaraağaç, Germencik">
Dağkaraağaç, Germencik

Dağkaraağaç is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 229 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520631" title="Dağyeni, Germencik">
Dağyeni, Germencik

Dağyeni is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 946 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520633" title="Dampınar, Germencik">
Dampınar, Germencik

Dampınar is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 381 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520634" title="Dereköy, Germencik">
Dereköy, Germencik

Dereköy is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 64 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520637" title="Gümüşköy, Germencik">
Gümüşköy, Germencik

Gümüşköy is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 201 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520639" title="Gümüşyeniköy, Germencik">
Gümüşyeniköy, Germencik

Gümüşyeniköy is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 254 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520642" title="Habibler, Germencik">
Habibler, Germencik

Habibler is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 214 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520646" title="Hıdırbeyli, Germencik">
Hıdırbeyli, Germencik

Hıdırbeyli is a small town in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 1975 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520651" title="Karaağaçlı, Germencik">
Karaağaçlı, Germencik

Karaağaçlı is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 388 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520652" title="Kızılcagedik, Germencik">
Kızılcagedik, Germencik

Kızılcagedik is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 108 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520655" title="Kızılcapınar, Germencik">
Kızılcapınar, Germencik

Kızılcapınar is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 720 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36520656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36520656" title="Meşeli, Germencik">
Meşeli, Germencik

Meşeli is a village in the District of Germencik, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 531 people.

</doc>
