<doc id="36619604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619604" title="Aloun Ndombet-Assamba">
Aloun Ndombet-Assamba

Her Excellency, The Honorouble Aloun Ndombet-Assamba, is a Jamaican lawyer, politician and diplomat. She was formerly Member of Parliament for Saint Ann South Eastern and served as Jamaica's Minister of Tourism, Entertainment, and Culture. She has served as High Commissioner for Jamaica in London since 2012.
Early life.
She was born in St Ann’s Bay and educated at Convent of Mercy Academy, where she was Deputy Head Girl.
Legal and business career.
A lawyer, she studied at the University of the West Indies and the Norman Manley Law School and also studied Alternative Dispute Resolution at the Capital University in Columbus, Ohio.
She was General manager of the City of Kingston Co-operative Credit Union Limited (COK), from 1994 to 2002, and went on to serve as General Counsel & Chief Corporate Officer at Paymaster Jamaica Limited.
After leaving Parliament, she became managing partner and mediator in her private law practice.
Public and voluntary service.
Aloun Ndombet-Assamba served as a government senator and then as Member of Parliament for Saint Ann South Eastern until 2007, when she was succeeded by Lisa Hanna. 
Assamba served as Minister of State in the Ministry of Industry, Commerce, and Technology before becoming one of three women in the Cabinet as Minister of Tourism, Entertainment, and Culture.
She has been involved with many voluntary sector organisations, including the United Way of Jamaica, the Jamaica Cancer Society, the Jamaican Bar Association, and the Lions Club and Kiwanis Club of New Kingston. 
Assamba was appointed at High Commissioner for Jamaica in London (effectively, Jamaica's ambassador to the United Kingdom) in May 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36619611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619611" title="Bert Rodriguez">
Bert Rodriguez

Bert Rodriguez (born 1975 in Miami, Florida) is an American artist and composer based in Los Angeles, California. He is most notable for his performance art but also works with a wide range of other media and genres including, installation, photography, sculpture, film, video and sound. Rodriguez uses various methods to translate his ideas which explore the relationship existing between art and audience. A winner of a Frieze Foundation Commission, his work has been displayed in the 2008 Whitney Biennial, in Berlin at Sassa Trülzsch and in Naples at Annarumma 404, among others. Rodriguez has a BFA in Painting from New World School of the Arts in Miami, Florida, and also attended Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture in Skowhegan, Maine.
Work.
Rodriguez relies heavily on process and performance and he uses various methods to translate his ideas. Operating largely outside traditional commercial art practices and with shrewd yet playful wit, Rodriguez's multifarious practice is meant to educate, amuse, perplex and enrich his audience while quietly commenting on the contemporary art world. He is known for pieces like "What a Tree Feels Like", where he “planted” himself in the ground at the entrance to Miami’s Bass Museum of Art, or "Advertising Works!" for which he rented out wall space at Fredric Snitzer Gallery to anyone who wanted to place an ad and then signed the ads and sold them as his own work.
Rodriguez’s work has been shown both nationally and abroad, including exhibitions at several prestigious institutions such as, New Work Miami at the Miami Art Museum, "In Your Own Image: The Best of Bert Rodriguez Greatest Hits Vol. I" at the Bass Museum of Art in Miami Beach, the Whitney Biennial at the Whitney Museum of American Art in New York, "At This Time" at the Rubell Family Collection in Miami and "Becoming Father, Becoming Infant" at the The Bronx Museum of the Arts in New York.
In 2008 his work featured in the Whitney Biennial was a piece that involved him giving free therapeutic sessions inside a large white cube installed in the middle of an ornate room and assigning "patients" artwork projects as remedies for their problems. A muffled version of these discussions audible outside his "office" suggested a ghostlike presence that reflected and intensified the Armory's haunting ambience. That same year Rodriguez was featured at the Frieze Foundation Art Fair as a performance-based installation. The installation consisted of a massage station located in a centralized, highly trafficked area of the fair. At certain times for the duration of the fair, Rodriguez was available to perform a ten minute foot massage for any weary visitors walking through.
In 2010, Rodriguez posed on the cover of Miami New Times, recreating the same covershoot of W Magazine's: Art Issue with Kim Kardashian. The cover was shot by Mark Seliger, the same photographer of Kardashian's original cover. Shortly after, the photos went viral.
In 2011, Rodriguez brought his collaborative performance, "A Meal I Make With My Mother", to Los Angeles where he prepared and served a traditional Cuban meal of rice and beans, picadillo (a tomato-based dish of ground beef, olives and peppers) and sweet plantains for his solo exhibition at the OHWOW gallery. This marked its third incarnation as he previously performed at Frac Ile-de-France/Le Plateau in Paris, France in 2008, and at Western Bridge in Seattle, Washington in 2009. This unfolding piece was meant to highlight, "the poignant beauty of familial bonds through the simple act of cooking and eating together."
In December 2012, Rodriguez was commissioned to build a large site-specific sculpture for a docked celebrity cruise liner called, "Reflection". The piece revealed his hyperbolic work in the ship’s upper grand foyer and was a living tree, suspended in mid-air, reflecting upon itself. The tree above was a living, natural tree and below, hanging upside down, was a tree made of cast aluminum and electrical lighting. By using physical reflection, shiny surfaces and a real tree, Rodriguez hoped to allow for a more complex investigation of self-reflection within each viewer. In addition to the sculpture, he was also commissioned to come up with a performance piece to kick-off Art Basel and celebrate the ships maiden voyage. “Everywhere I Look I Only See Myself," was a performance piece where Rodriguez emphasized interaction and duality: two men, the artist and his “double” circulated through the event, interacting with guests, while both assumed the identity of “Bert Rodriguez.” The piece deliberately echoed the ship’s name, Reflection, and the entire on board art collection related to themes of reflections and mirroring.
In 2013 Rodriguez exhibited a two-part installation piece titled, “I Will Always Let You Win.” It was delivered in the form of an arcade-style machine, where users were able to pick their prizes via a claw machine. The other part of the piece, a fluorescent sign, was a commentary on the relationship between emotional and physical gratification. The exhibition was part of an all day pop-up event at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival.
Also in 2013 Rodriguez was among 10 nationally and internationally recognized contemporary artists commissioned by The Arts Initiative to build a site-specific piece inside the newly built Fashion Outlets of Chicago - the first fully enclosed multi-level fashion outlet center to appear in Chicago in more than two decades.
Officially cutting ties with galleries in January 2014, Rodriguez has embarked on a new venture, The Bert Rodriguez Museum, "a public institution charged with archiving the continuously evolving and expanding collection of artifacts surrounding his life." With its home base in West Hollywood, CA and still in the process of being open to the public, the BRM also has a nomadic component as Rodriguez opened BRM for three months in a San Francisco store front. The museum will remain there until July 2014 and Rodriguez will then take it elsewhere.
Documentary.
For three years director Bill Bilowit and producer Grela Orihuela of the Wet Heat Project shot a full-length documentary film based on Rodriguez called, "Making Shit Up". The film documented Rodriguez's life as a conceptual artist while he ventured beyond his hometown to penetrate the international art market. The film featured various artists such as, Marina Abramović and Vito Acconci. It is set for release in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36619636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619636" title="David Spector">
David Spector

David Spector may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36619641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619641" title="The Dig (band)">
The Dig (band)

The Dig is an American Rock band based in New York City, consisting of Emile Mosseri (bass/vocals), David Baldwin (guitar/vocals), Erick Eiser (keyboards/guitar), and Mark Demiglio (drums).
The band released its debut album "Electric Toys" in 2010, followed by "Midnight Flowers" in 2012, and two EPs, "Tired Hearts" and "You & I" in 2013.
History.
The Dig's singers Emile Mosseri and David Baldwin started playing in a band together when they were 10 years old. The band used to rehearse next door to The Strokes, which led to early comparisons between the two bands.
Since releasing their debut album, they have toured or performed with such bands as The Lumineers, The Antlers, The Walkmen, Portugal. The Man, and Editors.
"Electric Toys" (2010).
In 2010, the band released their debut album, "Electric Toys", which was produced by Bryce Goggin who has worked with Pavement, Ramones and Swans. As explained by Mosseri in an interview with UK/US music Web site There Goes the Fear, the album title is a reference to a lyric in the song "She's Going to Kill That Boy" and suggests that the album is a collection of electric toys. rockandrollreport.com described the album by stating, "Overall, this album does not sound like a debut, and I am sure that it is just the start of what this incredible band can record."
"Midnight Flowers" (2012).
In 2012, the band released "Midnight Flowers", with theowlmag.com describing its features as "eerie post-punk riffs, strident bass lines, and meditative melodies" It was well received, earning a 3.5-star rating from Consequence of Sound. bangsytle.com also praised the album, stating "Midnight Flowers is a 10-track gem, filled with grimy guitar riffs and spaced-out melodies that echo the vibe of their native city. The album is big and booming with enough power to put them on the main stage next to the indie greats that they’ve opened for in the past.
"Tired Hearts" and "You & I" (2013).
In June of 2013, the band released their first EP, "Tired Hearts." According to Consequence of Sound "It’s a The Cure-meets-T. Rex sound that utilizes dark keyboards, with enough reverb to drown Robert Smith...“Without Your Love” sounds like surf rock written by Joy Division, layered with thick reverb and football fields of echo."
A second EP entitled "You & I" was released in October, 2013. The EP's first track "Cold Afternoon" was featured in the popular TV show Shameless on March 9, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36619645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619645" title="Tırtar">
Tırtar

Tırtar is a village in Toroslar district of Mersin Province, Turkey, where the capital city of Toroslar district is actually a part of Greater Mersin. The village is in Toros Mountains at and the distance to Mersin city center is about The population of the Tırtar was 241 as of 2011. The name of the village refers to a once-nomadic Turkmen tribe. The main economic activity of the village is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="36619647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619647" title="Chasms Accord">
Chasms Accord

Chasms Accord is the second and final album by experimental ensemble Rhythm & Noise, released in 1985 through Ralph Records.
Release and reception.
Ted Mill of Allmusic noted that "Chasms Accord" is mellower than the previous record, saying that this "keyboard-heavy album throbs darkly, but rarely jumps out at you, content instead to muse upon murky, half-completed ideas."
Ira Robbins of the "Trouser Press" described "Chasms Accord" as being "high on drama and low on intentional ugliness, making it a vivid and apropos match for the stress of modern life" and that it "could serve as the soundtrack to any number of offbeat films." 
In 1996, Asphodel Records re-issued the album on CD as a compilation. It contained early unreleased compositions and parts of "Contents Under Notice" in addition to various tracks from "Chasms Accord".

</doc>
<doc id="36619684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619684" title="Tango Palace">
Tango Palace

Tango Palace may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36619708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619708" title="Italian occupation of Majorca">
Italian occupation of Majorca

The Italian occupation of Majorca refers to the invasion and occupation of the Balearic island of Majorca by Italy during the Spanish Civil War. Italy intervened in the war with the intention of annexing the Balearic Islands and Ceuta and creating a client state in Spain. Italy sought the acquisition of the Balearic Islands due to its strategic position in which Italy could use the islands as a base to disrupt lines of communication between France to its North African colonies and between British Gibraltar and Malta. Italian flags were flown over the island. Italian forces dominated Majorca, with Italians openly manning the Majorcan airfields at Alcúdia and Palma, as well as Italian warships being based in the harbour of Palma.
Prior to all-out intervention by Italy in Spain, Mussolini authorized "volunteers" to go to Spain, resulting in Fascist Blackshirt leader Arconovaldo Bonaccorsi (also known as "Count Rossi") led a raiding force that landed on the largest Balearic island of Majorca, and seized control of the island. Bonaccorsi was sent to Majorca to be an Italian proconsul in the Balearics. Bonaccorsi proclaimed that Italy would occupy the island in perpetuity. Bonaccorsi initiated a brutal reign of terror in Majorca, arranging the murder of 3,000 people on the island accused of being communists, including emptying its prisons by having all prisoners shot. During the aftermath of the Battle of Majorca, Bonaccorsi renamed the main street of Palma de Majorca "Via Roma", and adorned it with statues of Roman eagles. Bonaccorsi was later awarded by Italy for his activity in Majorca.
Italian forces launched air raids from Majorca against Republican-held cities on mainland Spain. Initially Mussolini only authorized a weak force of Italian bomber aircraft to be based in Majorca in 1936 to avoid antagonizing Britain and France. However the lack of resolve by the British and French to Italy's strategy in the region, encouraged Mussolini to deploy twelve more bombers to be stationed in Majorca, including one aircraft flown by his son, Bruno Mussolini. By January 1938, Mussolini had doubled the number of bombers stationed in the Balearics and increased bomber attacks on shipping headed to support Spanish Republican forces. The buildup of Italian bomber aircraft on the island's airfields and increased Italian air attacks on Republican-held ports and shipping headed to Republican ports was viewed by France as provocative. 
After Franco's victory in the civil war, and several days after Italy's conquest in the Balkans of Albania, Mussolini issued an order on April 11 or 12 1939, to withdraw all Italian forces from Spain. Mussolini issued this order in response to Germany's sudden action of invading Czechoslovakia in 1939, in which Mussolini was aggravated by Hitler's swift success and sought to prepare Italy to make similar conquests in Eastern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="36619726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619726" title="Yavca">
Yavca

Yavca is a village in Toroslar district of Mersin Province, Turkey, where the capital city of Toroslar district is actually a part of Greater Mersin. The village is in Toros Mountains at and the distance to Mersin city center is about The population of Yavca was 283 as of 2011. The main economic activity of the village is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="36619729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619729" title="Chen Jing">
Chen Jing

Chen Jing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36619735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619735" title="Singular SA03">
Singular SA03

The Singular Aircraft SA03 is an unmanned aerial vehicle flying boat, twin-engine, high-wing amphibious aircraft able to land and take off from short unpaved airstrips & water.
Four main configurations allow agricultural, firefighting, surveillance and general cargo capability, by itself or in fleet configuration, either by day and night operation.
In its aerial firefighting configuration can scoop 2,000 L of water and drop it over forest fires.
When equipped with ferry tanks it has a range of 5,000nmi, or can loiter for more than 60 Hrs on surveillance missions.

</doc>
<doc id="36619738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619738" title="Tru Confessions (novel)">
Tru Confessions (novel)

Tru Confessions is the first novel by children’s book author Janet Tashjian. It is published by Henry Holt and Company; the paperback is published by Square Fish, an imprint of Macmillan. It was the basis of a popular Disney TV movie with Clara Bryant and Shia LaBeouf. The book uses lists, illustrations, and diary entries in a format that’s friendly to reluctant readers. It has been translated into several languages.
Plot.
Trudy is a twelve-year-old girl who wants two things: to have her own television show and to ‘cure’ her special needs brother.
Awards and Reviews.
“Readers will laugh their way through Tru’s poignant and clever take on everyday life.” — "Publishers Weekly", Starred Review

</doc>
<doc id="36619748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619748" title="Paolo Dall'Oglio">
Paolo Dall'Oglio

Father Paolo Dall'Oglio (born November 17, 1954) is an Italian Jesuit priest and peace activist. He was exiled from Syria by the government of Bashar al-Assad in 2012 for meeting with members of the opposition and criticizing the actions of the al-Assad regime during the Syrian civil war. He was kidnapped by rebels on 29 July 2013.
Before his exile, he had served for three decades at the Deir Mar Musa, a 6th-century monastery north of Damascus. He has been credited with the reconstruction of the Mar Musa complex and its reinvention as a centre of interfaith dialogue.
Biography.
In 1975, Paolo Dall'Oglio joined the Jesuit order. He spent his novitiate in Italy before starting university studies of Arabic language and Islamic studies in Beirut, Lebanon, and Damascus, Syria.
In 1982, he explored the ruins of the old Syriac Monastery of Saint Moses the Abyssinian (Deir Mar Musa) that can be traced back to the 6th century and had been abandoned since the 19th century.
In 1984, Dall'Oglio was ordained priest in the Syriac Catholic rite. In the same year, he obtained a degree in Arabic language and Islamic studies from Naples Eastern University "L'Orientale" and in Catholic theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University.
In 1986, he obtained another master degree in Missiology from the Pontifical Gregorian University.
In 1989, he obtained a PhD degree from the Pontifical Gregorian University. He wrote his doctoral dissertation on the topic "About Hope in Islam".
In 1992, he established the mixed monastic and ecumenical Community al-Khalil ("the Friend of God" - Biblical and Qu'ranic byname of the patriarch Abraham in Arabic language), dedicated to Muslim-Christian dialogue and located firstly in the refurbished Deir Mar Musa.
In 2009, Dall'Oglio obtained the double honorary doctorate of the Université catholique de Louvain and the KU Leuven.
He contributed regularly to the magazine ""Popoli"", the international magazine of the Italian Jesuits, established in 1915.
Role in the Syrian civil war.
In 2011, Paolo Dall'Oglio wrote an article pleading for a peaceful democratic transition in Syria, based on what he called "consensual democracy". He also met with opposition activists and participated in the funeral service for the 28-year-old Christian filmmaker Bassel Shehadeh, who had been murdered in Homs.
The Syrian government reacted sharply and issued an expulsion order. Paolo Dall'Oglio ignored the order for a couple of months and continued living in Syria. However, following the publication of an open letter to UN special envoy Kofi Annan in May 2012, he obeyed his bishop who urged him to leave the country. He left Syria on 12 June 2012 and joined in exile the newly established Deir Maryam al-Adhra of his community in Sulaymaniyah, Iraqi Kurdistan.
In December 2012, Paolo Dall'Oglio was awarded the Peace Prize of the Italian region of Lombardy that is dedicated to persons having done extraordinary work in the field of peacebuilding.
In late July 2013 Paolo Dall'Oglio entered rebel held territory in eastern Syria but was soon kidnapped by the militants of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, while walking in Raqqa on 29 July. Opposition sources from Raqqa said that Paolo Dall'Oglio has been executed by the extremist group. The claims are not yet confirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="36619752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619752" title="Kwele people">
Kwele people

The Kwele people are a tribal group of eastern Gabon, Republic of the Congo, and Cameroons in West Africa. They fled the coastal area of West Africa during the 19th century, after their traditional enemies acquired firearms from the slave traders. This altercation is often called the "Poupou" war. The Kwele then settled into lands between the Dja and Ivindo rivers. They are noted for their ceremonial masks which are collected as art objects.

</doc>
<doc id="36619766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619766" title="Yüksekoluk">
Yüksekoluk

Yüksekoluk (formerly Glavur) is a village in Toroslar district of Mersin Province, Turkey, where the capital city of Toroslar district is actually a part of Greater Mersin. The village is in the Taurus Mountains at and the distance to Mersin city center is about The population of Yüksekoluk is 294 as of 2011. The main economic activity of the village is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="36619778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619778" title="Tagore (name)">
Tagore (name)

Tagore (the anglicised form of the Bengali title Thakur. Bengali: ঠাকুর) is the name of a prominent Bengali family of intellectuals, writers and artists, generally known as the Tagore family. 
Tagore may refer to:
Peoples..

</doc>
<doc id="36619782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619782" title="Banjarsari massacre">
Banjarsari massacre

The Banjarsari massacre occurred on April 15, 1987, when a 42-year-old farmer named Wirjo killed 20 people and wounded 12 others in the village of Banjarsari in Banyuwangi Regency, Indonesia.
Massacre.
The massacre began at Wirjo's home, where he attacked his adoptive son Renny and his friend Arbaiyah, both 4-years-old, with a parang and a sickle. While Renny managed to escape, Arbaiyah was hit in the neck and died. Wirjo then entered the home of Maskur, a neighbour, where he first killed Mrs. Maskur with the sickle, before turning against her 80-year-old husband, who tried to help her. Afterwards he made his way through the village, assaulting people at random. 
By the end of the day Wirjo had hacked a total of 32 people, most of them farmers on the way to their fields and students going to school. 18 of his victims died at the scene, while two others later succumbed to their wounds in hospital. As the culprit was nowhere to be found authorities temporarily suspended classes at local schools, while people locked themselves in their homes.
After an extensive manhunt, including police, dogs, and the army, Wirjo was found the next day just 3 miles west of his house, dangling from the roots of a tree growing over a riverbank. He had committed suicide by hanging himself with his belt.
Victims.
Among those killed were:
Background.
Wirjo was the fifth of nine children. According to his wife, Indarah, he was drinking and gambling and complained a lot about his inheritance. Reminded of his shortcomings he would get angry and threaten his wife with his sickles. The day before the murders he beat her during an argument.
It was reported that prior to the massacre Wirjo had fasted for a month and that he had also dug up his mother's corpse in the graveyard to gnaw on her bones, though other reports indicated no such thing had happened, instead relating that she was still alive at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="36619793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619793" title="Willi Hennig Society">
Willi Hennig Society

The Willi Hennig Society "was founded in 1980 with the expressed purpose of promoting the field of phylogenetic systematics." The society is represented by phylogenetic systematists managing and publishing in a peer-reviewed journal titled Cladistics. The society is named after Willi Hennig, a German systematic entomologist who developed the modern methods and philosophical approach to systematics in the 1940's and 1950's. The society is also involved in reconstructing the tree of life. The current president, Harvard Prof. Gonzalo Giribet, was elected in 2012, succeeding Prof. Rudolf Meier.
Founding.
The Willi Hennig Society was founded on a philosophical division among systematic biologists in the late 1970's. A debate created the rift between pheneticists who advocated for statistical or numerical methods that grouped taxa by overall similarity in taxonomy and systematic biologists who adopted a strict cladistic approach to taxonomy, recognizing groups by shared, derived characters alone. The last public clash occurred at the 13th Annual Numerical Taxonomy Conference at the Museum of Comparative Zoology (MCZ), Harvard University in October 1979. Twelve months later, the Willi Hennig Society was founded through invitation by Professor Edward O. Wiley and founding president James S. Farris. Seventy eight systematists from Great Britain, Sweden, Canada, and the United States gathered at the University of Kansas, to inaugurate the Willi Hennig Society. Membership doubled to over 150 by the second meeting.
Background.
The Willi Hennig Society is primarily involved in projects aimed at the study and classification of biodiversity using the original methods and philosophy outlined by Willi Hennig in his book "Phylogenetic Systematics". In 1994, the society teamed up with the Society of Systematic Biologists and the American Society of Plant Taxonomists to organize the Systematics Agenda 2000. The Systematics Agenda 2000 is ongoing and has set out to deliver on the following mission statements:
Publishing.
The Willi Hennig Society publishes the journal "Cladistics".

</doc>
<doc id="36619818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619818" title="Orientation (graph theory)">
Orientation (graph theory)

In graph theory, an orientation of an undirected graph is an assignment of a direction to each edge, turning the initial graph into a directed graph.
Oriented graphs.
A directed graph is called an oriented graph if it is the orientation of an undirected graph. Among directed graphs, the oriented graphs are the ones that have no self-loops, no multiple adjacencies, and no 2-cycles.
A tournament is an orientation of a complete graph. A polytree is an orientation of an undirected tree. Sumner's conjecture states that every tournament with 2"n" − 2 vertices contains every polytree with "n" vertices.
The number of non-isomorphic oriented graphs with "n" vertices (for "n" = 1, 2, 3, ...) is
Oriented graphs are in one-to-one correspondence with complete directed graphs (graphs in which there is a directed edge in one or both directions between every pair of distinct vertices). A complete directed graph can be converted to an oriented graph by removing every 2-cycle, and conversely an oriented graph can be converted to a complete directed graph by adding a 2-cycle between every pair of vertices that are not endpoints of an edge; these correspondences are bijective. Therefore, the same sequence of numbers also solves the graph enumeration problem for complete digraphs. There is an explicit but complicated formula for the numbers in this sequence.
Constrained orientations.
A strong orientation is an orientation that results in a strongly connected graph. The closely related totally cyclic orientations are orientations in which every edge belongs to at least one simple cycle. An orientation of an undirected graph "G" is totally cyclic if and only if it is a strong orientation of every connected component of "G". Robbins' theorem states that a graph has a strong orientation if and only if it is 2-edge-connected; disconnected graphs may have totally cyclic orientations, but only if they have no bridges.
An acyclic orientation is an orientation that results in a directed acyclic graph. Every graph has an acyclic orientation; all acyclic orientations may be obtained by placing the vertices into a sequence, and then directing each edge from the earlier of its endpoints in the sequence to the later endpoint. The Gallai–Hasse–Roy–Vitaver theorem states that a graph has an acyclic orientation in which the longest path has at most "k" vertices if and only if it can be colored with at most "k" colors. Acyclic orientations and totally cyclic orientations are related to each other by planar duality. An acyclic orientation with a single source and a single sink is called a bipolar orientation.
A transitive orientation is an orientation such that the resulting directed graph is its own transitive closure. The graphs with transitive orientations are called comparability graphs; they may be defined from a partially ordered set by making two elements adjacent whenever they are comparable in the partial order. A transitive orientation, if one exists, can be found in linear time. However, testing whether the resulting orientation (or any given orientation) is actually transitive requires more time, as it is equivalent in complexity to matrix multiplication.
An Eulerian orientation of an undirected graph is an orientation in which each vertex has equal in-degree and out-degree. Eulerian orientations of grid graphs arise in statistical mechanics in the theory of ice-type models.

</doc>
<doc id="36619823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619823" title="Camponotus japonicus">
Camponotus japonicus

Camponotus japonicus, more often known under the common name Japanese carpenter ant, is a species of ant native to East Asia. It is black, and one of the larger ants. A nest has about ten to thousands of individuals, and it can be a pest when it enters households or protects aphids. There are several subspecies of this ant in different areas of Asia, with the largest of the species being located in Northern China.
Appearance.
The queen is black, but has microscopic brown hair protruding from the thorax and abdomen. They are 17 millimeters long. Before mating, the queen has four transparent brown wings supported by brown veins.
The 12-millimeter-long male has a longer and straighter antennae and a slimmer body. Unlike the workers, both the queen and the male has three ocelli.
The workers are divided into three subcastes based on their size, which varies from 6 to 15 millimeters. The largest subcaste of workers is also called the soldier.
Range.
"Camponotus japonicus" inhabit a wide range, including Japan, Korea, Myanmar, the Philippines, China, Mongolia and Siberia.

</doc>
<doc id="36619828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619828" title="Russian Ilizarov Scientific Center for Restorative Traumatology and Orthopaedics">
Russian Ilizarov Scientific Center for Restorative Traumatology and Orthopaedics

The Russian Ilizarov Scientific Center for Restorative Traumatology and Orthopaedics or RISC RTO (Russian: Российский научный центр «Восстановительная травматология и ортопедия» имени академика Г. А. Илизарова) is a medical institution located in the city of Kurgan, Kurgan Oblast, Russia; and financed by the Russian Federal State. The centre is the largest in the world that specializes in the treatment of complex orthopaedic problems.
It is named after the orthopedic surgeon Gavriil Abramovich Ilizarov who invented the Ilizarov apparatus, which is a method of transosseous osteosynthesis or Ilizarov method for the surgical procedure to lengthen or reshape limb bones.
Every year over 9,000 people receive treatment and rehabilitation at the "RISC RTO". Patients of any country and age group can apply for treatment at the "RISC RTO". The centre is registered as one of the largest hospitals in the world and has the ability to treat up to 1,000 patients at any time.
As at mid-2010, Professor Vladimir I. Shevtsov was the General Director of the centre and taught the application of the Ilizarov methods in numerous countries including the US, United Kingdom, Italy, Germany, Japan, and South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="36619831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619831" title="Cline of instantiation">
Cline of instantiation

The “cline of instantiation” is a linguistic term within the systemic functional linguistics theory. 
According to Michael Halliday, instantiation is “the relation between an instance and the system that lies behind it”. It is a “based on memory and is a feature of all systemic behaviour.
The cline of instantiation has two poles. At one end is “instance”; at the other end is the “system”, the whole potential to which the instance relates. In the study of language and other phenomena, including other semiotic phenomena, what one can observe is an instance of an underlying potential. 
Halliday borrows the distinction between “weather” and “climate” to explain this relation. We can observe the weather on a day by day basis. Over time we build up a picture of a climate. Weather and climate are not distinct phenomena, but different perspectives on the same phenomena.
The notion of “cline of instantiation” reconciles the distinction between “langue” and “parole” separated by Ferdinand de Saussure, a separation maintained by Noam Chomsky, although renamed “competence” and “performance”. Halliday argues this dichotomy has done considerable harm to linguistics as a discipline 
Halliday follows Hjelmslev in seeing linguistics at the study of both instances of language and the linguistic system. He argues that linguists must take both into account: “For a linguist, to describe language without accounting for text is sterile; to describe text without relating it to the system is vacuous” 

</doc>
<doc id="36619852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619852" title="How Long (The View song)">
How Long (The View song)

"How Long" is the first single released by Dundee band The View from their fourth album "Cheeky For A Reason". The song was first announced by NME on 27 May 2012 as the first single to be released on The Views anticipated new album "Cheeky For A Reason". The song was officially made available for download from iTunes on the 6 June 2012, a whole month before the anticipated release date.
The music video for the song was released on 13 June 2012.
The song was generally well received, with many reviewers highlighting the fact that The View have revisited their Libertine-esque early years whilst at the same time maturing musically as a band. NME said of the song - "a frantic little earworm of a song that takes precisely six seconds to reach its first chorus, and never lets up thereafter" However, the progressively dismal chart performance of The View's singles continued as the song failed to chart in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="36619873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619873" title="South African Fezela XI">
South African Fezela XI

The South African Fezela XI (often known simply as the Fezelas) was a team of young South African cricketers who toured England in 1961 under the captaincy of the Test player Roy McLean. Several of the team later went on to play leading parts in the revival of South Africa’s cricket fortunes in the 1960s.
Background.
South Africa’s tour of England in 1960 had been a failure. “From nearly every point of view the ninth South African tour of England proved disappointing,” Wisden began its report. First, it was a wet summer, and many matches were disrupted by rain. Second, the young fast bowler Geoff Griffin was no-balled for throwing on several occasions, effectively ending his career. Third, anti-apartheid demonstrations were held outside most venues. Fourth, none of the young players showed signs of developing into good Test players. Fifth, South Africa lost the first three Tests and drew the other two. Sixth, the tour showed a financial loss. Seventh, apart from McLean the South Africans “found themselves short of enterprising batsmen”.
The effect in South Africa was immediate. “Interest in South African domestic cricket waned alarmingly during the 1960-61 season,” reported Wisden. “It became increasingly obvious as the season progressed that the disappointment at the Springboks’ Test performances in England added to lack of enterprise and an ‘avoid-defeat-at-all-costs’ attitude had left a deep-seated scar which only a complete volte face would heal.”
A cricket lover, E. Stanley Murphy, stepped in with an offer to sponsor a team of young players on a tour of England. Murphy had made his fortune as a leading figure in the sugar industry at Umfolozi in Zululand. He provided all the money for the tour and asked McLean to select the side. Murphy named the team "fezela", the Zulu word for the water scorpion, an aquatic insect that can deliver a wasp-like sting.
The tour.
A tour of 21 matches in England, Scotland and Ireland was arranged, and McLean selected the following team (with their ages at the start of the tour): 
The team was managed by C.O. Medworth, who at the time was sports editor of the "Natal Mercury".
Of the 21 matches played in June and July 1961, the team won 12 and drew the rest. It won all three first-class matches (against Essex, Combined Services and Gloucestershire) easily.
“The fellows really learned to hit the ball. I gave them free rein ... There was none of this push and prod,” McLean said. Wisden’s brief report noted that “The batting was aggressive, bowling keen and fielding splendid”, and that nearly two-thirds of the runs were scored in fours and sixes.
Influence of the tour.
Barlow, Pollock, Bland and Elgie played their first Test matches in the series against New Zealand a few months later in 1961-62; Lindsay and van der Merwe against Australia in 1963-64; Botten against England in 1965. 
When van der Merwe captained South Africa to victory in England in 1965 (South Africa’s first series victory since 1953-54, and first in England since 1935), Wisden praised the South Africans’ new-found “willingness to hit the ball” and their “enterprising methods”. It continued, “Much of the credit for the transformation must go to that exuberant character R. A. McLean, who ... moulded the new Springboks when he brought the Fezela side to England in 1961.”
Of the 30 Tests South Africa played between the Fezela tour and isolation after the 1969-70 series against Australia, Barlow played all 30, Pollock 28, Bland 21, Lindsay 19 and van der Merwe 15 (eight as captain). Only Trevor Goddard, who was too experienced to be considered for the Fezela tour, and Graeme Pollock, who was too young, played as many Tests in that period.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="36619874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619874" title="Linguistic system">
Linguistic system

The idea of language as a 'system' appears in the linguistic theory of Ferdinand de Saussure, J.R. Firth, Benjamin Lee Whorf, Louis Hjelmslev and Michael Halliday.
The paradigmatic principle - the idea that the process of using language involves choosing from a specifiable set of options - was established in semiotics by Saussure, whose concept of value (viz “valeur”), and of signs as terms in a system, “showed up paradigmatic organization as the most abstract dimension of meaning” 
'System' in systemic functional linguistics.
“System” is used in two related ways in systemic functional linguistics (SFL). SFL uses the idea of system to refer to language as a whole, (e.g. “the system of language”). This usage derives from Hjelmslev In this context, Jay Lemke describes language as an open, dynamic system.
There is also the notion of “system” as used by J.R. Firth, where linguistic systems are considered to furnish the background for elements of structure. Halliday argues that, unlike system in the sense in which it was used by Firth was a conception only found in Firth’s linguistic theory.
In this use of the term “system”, grammatical, or other features of language, are considered best understood when described as sets of options. Thus, “the most abstract categories of the grammatical description are the systems together with their options (systemic features). A systemic grammar differs from other functional grammars (and from all formal grammars) in that it is paradigmatic: a system is paradigmatic set of alternative features, of which one must be chosen if the entry condition is satisfied.
In Halliday’s early work, “system” was considered to be one of four fundamental categories for the theory of grammar, the others being unit, structure and class. The category of ‘system’ was invoked to account for “the occurency of one rather than another from among a number of like events” At that time, Halliday defined grammar as “that level of linguistic form at which operate closed systems” 
In adopting a system perspective on language, systemic functional linguistics can be seen as part of a more general 20th and 21st century reaction against atomistic approaches to science, in which an essence is sought after within smaller and smaller components of the phenomenon under study. In systems thinking, any delineated object of study is defined by its relations to other units postulated by the theory. In systemic functional linguistics, this has been described as the trinocular perspective. Thus a descriptive category must be defended from three perspectives: from above (‘what does it construe?’ ‘what effect does it have in a context of use?’), below (‘how is this function realized?’) and round about (‘what else is in the neighbourhood?’ ‘what other things does this thing have to interact with?’). This gives systemic functional linguistics an affinity with studies of complex systems.

</doc>
<doc id="36619881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619881" title="Acyclic orientation">
Acyclic orientation

In graph theory, an acyclic orientation of an undirected graph is an assignment of a direction to each edge (an orientation) that does not form any directed cycle and therefore makes it into a directed acyclic graph. Every graph has an acyclic orientation; all acyclic orientations may be obtained by placing the vertices into a sequence, and then directing each edge from the earlier of its endpoints in the sequence to the later endpoint.
The Gallai–Hasse–Roy–Vitaver theorem states that a graph has an acyclic orientation in which the longest path has "k" vertices if and only if it can be colored with "k" colors.
For planar graphs, acyclic orientations are dual to totally cyclic orientations, orientations in which each edge belongs to a directed cycle: if formula_1 is a planar graph, and orientations of formula_1 are transferred to orientations of the planar dual graph of formula_1 by turning each edge 90 degrees clockwise, then a totally cyclic orientation of formula_1 corresponds in this way to an acyclic orientation of the dual graph and vice versa. This duality extends to nonplanar graphs as well, via the Tutte polynomial formula_5 of a graph formula_1, which can be used to count both types of orientations: the number of acyclic orientations of formula_1 is formula_8 and the number of totally cyclic orientations is formula_9. The number of acyclic orientations may also be counted using a different polynomial, the chromatic polynomial formula_10: there are formula_11 different acyclic orientations.
The set of all acyclic orientations of a given graph may be given the structure of a partial cube, in which two acyclic orientations are adjacent whenever they differ in the direction of a single edge.
An acyclic orientation of a complete graph is called a transitive tournament, and is equivalent to a total ordering of the graph's vertices. In such an orientation there is in particular exactly one source and exactly one sink; more generally, an acyclic orientation with a unique source and a unique sink is called a bipolar orientation.

</doc>
<doc id="36619951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619951" title="Better Ghana Agenda">
Better Ghana Agenda

The term Better Ghana Agenda, a policy vision, is used by the current ruling party of Ghana, the National Democratic Congress of Ghana. The term "Better Ghana Agenda" was coined in the year 2007, prior to the 2008 elections, by John Atta Mills, the late President of Ghana because in his view the NPP government had failed to live up to its expectations. They expressed much concern about several shortcomings in the areas of the economy, employment, the environment, health, education, the utilities and many more. Since its inception, there have been huge gains made in all sectors of the Ghanaian economy, notably the attainment of single digit inflation, a fast economic growth rate, solid environmental sustainability portfolios, elimination of schools under trees and expansion of universal healthcare coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="36619954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619954" title="Andrew J. Colvin">
Andrew J. Colvin

Andrew James Colvin (April 30, 1808 Coeymans, Albany County, New York - July 8, 1889 Albany, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of James Colvin (1776–1846) and Catherine Huyck (Verplanck) Colvin (1778–1882). He attended The Albany Academy. Then he studied law in the office of Van Buren & Butler, was admitted to the bar, and practiced in Albany. He married Rosina M. Alling (1810–1843), and they had two children.
He was Corporation Counsel of Albany in 1842. On September 2, 1845, he married Margaret Crane Alling (1812–1900), a sister of his first wife, and their son was Verplanck Colvin (1847–1920), the ideator of the New York Forest Preserve.
Andrew J. Colvin was District Attorney of Albany County from 1846 to 1847, and from 1851 to 1853; and a member of the New York State Senate (13th D.) in 1860 and 1861.
He was buried at the Grove Cemetery in Coeymans.
Assemblyman John Colvin (1752–1814) was his grandfather.

</doc>
<doc id="36619968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619968" title="Mortimer (disambiguation)">
Mortimer (disambiguation)

Mortimer is an English surname.
Mortimer may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36619971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619971" title="Proto-Northwest Caucasian language">
Proto-Northwest Caucasian language

Proto-Northwest Caucasian language mostly called PNWC (or Adyghe-Abazgi) is the reconstructed common ancestor of the Northwest Caucasian languages
Phonology.
Consonants.
The most noticeable changes are:

</doc>
<doc id="36619974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36619974" title="Journal of Materials Engineering and Performance">
Journal of Materials Engineering and Performance

The Journal of Materials Engineering and Performance is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of ASM International. The editor-in-chief is Rajiv Asthana (University of Wisconsin). The journal covers all aspects of materials engineering broadly described as materials selection, design, processing, characterization, and evaluation. The scope includes all substances used in engineering applications with a tendency toward constituent materials that comprise a larger system.
Abstracting and indexing.
This journal is abstracted and indexed by:
According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 0.915.

</doc>
<doc id="36620043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620043" title="Gallai–Hasse–Roy–Vitaver theorem">
Gallai–Hasse–Roy–Vitaver theorem

In graph theory, the Gallai–Hasse–Roy–Vitaver theorem is a form of duality between the colorings of the vertices of a given undirected graph and the orientations of its edges. It states that a number "k" is the smallest number of colors among all colorings of graph "G" if and only if "k" is the largest number for which every orientation of "G" contains a simple directed path with "k" vertices. That is, the chromatic number is one plus the length of a longest path in an orientation of the graph chosen to minimize this path's length. The orientations for which the longest path has minimum length always include at least one acyclic orientation.
An alternative statement of the same theorem is that every orientation of a graph with chromatic number "k" contains a simple directed path with "k" vertices; this path can be constrained to begin at any vertex that can reach all other vertices of the oriented graph.
Examples.
A bipartite graph may be oriented from one side of the bipartition to the other; the longest path in this orientation has only two vertices. Conversely, if a graph is oriented without any three-vertex paths, then every vertex must either be a source (with no incoming edges) or a sink (with no outgoing edges) and the partition of the vertices into sources and sinks shows that it is bipartite.
In any orientation of a cycle graph of odd length, it is not possible for the edges to alternate in orientation all around the cycle, so some two consecutive edges must form a path with three vertices. Correspondingly, the chromatic number of an odd cycle is three.
Proof.
A proof of the theorem is not difficult.
To prove that the chromatic number is greater than or equal to the minimum length of a longest path, suppose that a given graph has a coloring with "k" colors, for some number "k". Then it may be acyclically oriented by numbering colors and by directing each edge from its lower-numbered endpoint to the higher-numbered endpoint. With this orientation, the numbers are strictly increasing along each directed path, so each path can include at most one vertex of each color, for a total of at most "k" vertices per path.
To prove that the chromatic number is less than or equal to the minimum length of a longest path, suppose that a given graph has an orientation with at most "k" vertices per simple directed path, for some number "k". Then the vertices of the graph may be colored with "k" colors by choosing a maximal acyclic subgraph of the orientation, and then coloring each vertex by the length of the longest path in the chosen subgraph that ends at that vertex. Each edge within the subgraph is oriented from a vertex with a lower number to a vertex with a higher number, and is therefore properly colored. For each edge that is not in the subgraph, there must exist a directed path within the subgraph connecting the same two vertices in the opposite direction, for otherwise the edge could have been included in the chosen subgraph; therefore, the edge is oriented from a higher number to a lower number and is again properly colored.
The proof of this theorem was used as a test case for a formalization of mathematical induction by Yuri Matiyasevich.
Category-theoretic interpretation.
The theorem also has a natural interpretation in the category of directed graphs and graph homomorphisms. A "k"-coloring of an undirected graph "G" may be described by a homomorphism from "G" to the complete graph "K""k", and if "G" is given an orientation then this becomes a homomorphism to a tournament. If the orientation of "G" is acyclic, it becomes a homomorphism to a transitive tournament.
On the other side of the theorem, a directed graph "G" is acyclic and has at most "k" vertices in its longest path if and only if there is no homomorphism from the path graph "P""k" + 1 to "G".
Thus, the Gallai–Hasse–Roy–Vitaver theorem is equivalent to the theorem that, for every directed graph "G", there is a homomorphism to the "k"-vertex transitive tournament if and only if there is not a homomorphism from the ("k" + 1)-vertex path. In the case that "G" is acyclic this can also be seen as a form of Mirsky's theorem that the longest chain in a partially ordered set equals the minimum number of antichains into which the set may be partitioned. This statement can be generalized from paths to other directed graphs: for every polytree "P" there is a dual directed graph "D" such that, for every directed graph "G", there is a homomorphism from "G" to "D" if and only if there is not a homomorphism from "P" to "G".
History.
The Gallai–Hasse–Roy–Vitaver theorem has been repeatedly rediscovered. It is named after separate publications by Tibor Gallai, Maria Hasse, B. Roy, and L. M. Vitaver. Roy credits the statement of the theorem to a conjecture in a 1958 graph theory textbook by Claude Berge.

</doc>
<doc id="36620051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620051" title="A. C. N. Nambiar">
A. C. N. Nambiar

Arathil Candeth Narian Nambiar (1896, Thalassery–1986) was an Indian Nationalist and a friend and colleague of Subhas Chandra Bose. Originally from Kerala province, Nambiar spent most of his time serving the Indian Independence movement in Europe.
In Europe.
Nambiar had been working in Europe as a left-wing journalist for some time when the Second World War broke out. In the 1930s he had been beaten up by Nazi storm-troopers, imprisoned, and then deported, at first to Prague. At the outbreak of war he was working in Paris.
In January 1942 he joined the Free India Centre as second in command to Bose. This organisation was set up by Bose to promote Indian independence and to assist the enemies of the British empire, namely Nazi Germany, the Empire of Japan, and other Axis powers. Nambiar was a reluctant recruit; his anti-Nazi politics put him in an uncomfortable position, but he finally succumbed to Bose's persuasiveness and moved to Berlin. Nambiar established a branch of the Free India Centre in Paris before leaving. The Berlin Centre was given the status of a foreign mission by Germany and ran a propaganda radio station. It also controlled and recruited the Indian Legion. This had been founded by Bose and was mainly recruited from Indian prisoners of war and officered by Germans. It was originally intended to use it to fight the British in India, but it was eventually deployed to defend the French coast. It was never a significant military force, initially consisting of about five hundred men.
In January 1943 Bose secretly transferred by submarine to the Japanese theatre of war, leaving Nambiar in charge in Germany. There was more potential there for recruitment to Bose's cause amongst Indian prisoners; large numbers had been taken in the Fall of Singapore. The attitude of Bose and Nambiar towards Nazi Germany slowly transformed from seeing it as a convenient way of obtaining material support for their cause to believing that German victory was essential for them to succeed. As a consequence, they more and more accepted use of the Legion in the German cause as opposed to exclusively in India. In April Nambiar had to deal with a mutiny in the Legion, who were reluctant to move to the Netherlands as ordered. They had believed they would be fighting in India or somehere from where they could attack towards India such as North Africa. By August the Centre's operations became severely disrupted by Allied bombing and Nambiar's own house was destroyed. Most activity was moved out of Berlin, but Nambiar remained there as Bose's official representative. In March 1944 Nambiar was appointed Minister of State in Bose's Provisional Government.
In August 1943 the Legion, now with a strength of three battalions, was moved from the Netherlands to Bordeaux where they found the climate more agreeable. However, as the threat of Allied invasion started to loom morale severely deteriorated. In a tour in April and May 1944 Nambiar concluded that morale could only be improved by action. He persuaded the reluctant German commander of the Legion (Lieutenant Colonel Krappe) to allow a small contingent into action as an experiment. The 9th Company was sent to Italy, where some Legion personnel were already being used in intelligence and propaganda roles. The experiment was a complete failure. They were positioned opposite a Polish force. The initial reconnaissance party immediately deserted, followed by the entire company refusing to go into action on the grounds that the Poles were not their enemy.
Post-war.
Nambiar was imprisoned after the war for collaboration with the enemy. He escaped to Switzerland and, against the wishes of Britain, was given an Indian passport by Nehru's Interim Government. In 1951 he was appointed the first Indian Ambassador to the German Federal Republic.

</doc>
<doc id="36620123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620123" title="Milan Arnejčič">
Milan Arnejčič

Milan Arnejčič (born in 18 October 1942) is a former Slovenian football forward.
Career.
Born in Maribor, he played for his local club Maribor from 1964. He was part of Maribor team that got the promotion to the Yugoslav First League in 1967. He played with Maribor until 1969, making 58 appearances and scoring 15 goals in the top tier during the last two seasons there.
In 1969 he joined Red Star Belgrade, who had been won the Yugoslav championship in the last two seasons in 1968 and 1969. In the season Milan Arnejčič joined Red Star, the club will win the double (league and cup) with Arnejčič contributing with 12 league appearances and 3 league goals for Red Star´s third Yugoslav title in a row.
After winning both national titles with Red Star in only one season, Arnejčič moved abroad in summer 1970 by joining Austrian Nationalliga (predecessor of Bundesloga) side Grazer AK. He made 12 league appearances and scored 4 goals in the 1970–71 Austrian football championship in which GAK finished in 11th place.
In summer 1971 Milan Arnejčič returned to his home-town club NK Maribor, still playing in the Yugoslav First League, although in the first season he returned, 1971–72, they finished bottom of the league and were relegated to the Yugoslav Second League. Despite those events, Milan Arnejčič kept playing with NK Maribor all the way until 1978, when he retired.

</doc>
<doc id="36620125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620125" title="The Babymakers">
The Babymakers

The Babymakers is a 2012 comedy film directed by Jay Chandrasekhar, and starring Paul Schneider, Olivia Munn and Kevin Heffernan. Chandrasekhar and Heffernan are both members of Broken Lizard. The film received a limited release on August 3, 2012 in theaters and on video on demand services. It received a DVD and Blu-ray release September 18, 2012.
Plot.
After trying everything to get his wife Audrey (Munn) pregnant, Tommy (Schneider) suspects that he may be infertile. He recruits his friends (Heffernan) to help him rob a sperm bank where he once made a donation.
Reception.
The film has received largely negative reviews. Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives a score of 8% based on 49 reviews, and an average rating of 3.5/10.
Roger Ebert gave the film 1 star out of 4.

</doc>
<doc id="36620132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620132" title="2.">
2.

2. is the ordinal form of the number two in a number of European languages.
2. may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36620138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620138" title="Paul Gregg (academic)">
Paul Gregg (academic)

Professor Paul Gregg is a British academic, and expert on labour markets and welfare reform. He is currently a Commissioner on the Social Mobility and Child Poverty Commission
Academic career.
Paul Gregg is Professor of Economic and Social Policy at the University of Bath and Senior Research Fellow in Labour Markets at the Centre for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics.
He is a programme director at the Centre for Market and Public Organisation at the University of Bristol covering Families, Children and Welfare, and former Professor of Economics at the University of Bristol, and Director of the Centre for the Analysis of Social Policy at the University of Bath.
He is a member of the Governing Board of the New UK Birth Cohort Study, and is affiliated to the Centre for Economic Performance at HM Treasury.
He has published widely on employment and household issues, and is joint editor of “The labour market in winter: the state of working Britain 2010” (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2011).
Welfare reform.
From 1997-2006, he was a member of the Council of Economic Advisors at HM Treasury, where he worked on unemployment, welfare reform and child poverty.
He was appointed to a CBI steering group on Getting the UK Working, and a commission on youth unemployment run by AVECO and headed by David Miliband. He was a member of the London Child Poverty Commission 2006-2010.
In 2009, Professor Gregg completed a review of Personalised Support and Conditionality in the Welfare System for the UK Department of Work and Pensions. This helped devise government plans to reassess people receiving disability benefits, with the aim of supporting them, where possible, into work.
Having helped design the Employment Support Allowance (ESA), Professor Gregg has since criticised the tests for fitness for work that are part of its implementation.
In July 2012, Professor Gregg featured on the BBC Panorama programme titled 'Disabled or Faking It?' 

</doc>
<doc id="36620153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620153" title="The 88 (San Jose)">
The 88 (San Jose)

The 88 is a 22-storey, residential skyscraper in downtown San Jose, California. Upon completion of the tower in 2008, the tower became the tallest building in the city, surpassing the San Jose City Hall that was completed in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36620183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620183" title="John Casablancas">
John Casablancas

John Casablancas (December 12, 1942 — July 20, 2013) was an American modeling agent and scout.
Career.
Casablancas founded the Elite Model Management, a modeling agency, in 1972 in Paris, France. Casablancas is credited for developing the concept of supermodel, turning models into celebrities that were featured in mass media as personalities rather than just faces.
He was a playboy and had multiple relationships with his models. Elite proved to be a success, grossing nearly $100 million in annual model bookings during the years that Casablancas ran the day-to-day operations of the agency.
Personal life.
Casablancas was born in Manhattan, New York City, on December 12, 1942, the youngest of three children of Fernando and Antonia Casablancas. His parents had fled to the United States to escape the Spanish Civil War during the 1930s.
Casablancas was the father of Julian Casablancas, the lead vocalist of the American band, The Strokes. He also had three younger children with his third wife Aline Casablancas (née Aline Mendonça de Carvalho Wermelinger), who was the winner of Elite Model Look 1992 in Brazil and whom John married when she was 17.
Death.
A resident of Miami, Florida, Casablancas died in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where he had been receiving treatment for cancer, on July 20, 2013, at the age of 70.

</doc>
<doc id="36620196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620196" title="Mervyl Melendez">
Mervyl Melendez

Mervyl Melendez is an Puerto Rican college baseball coach who is the current head coach of the Alabama State Hornets. He has held the position since prior to the 2012 season.
Prior to accepting the job at Alabama State, Melendez was the head coach at Bethune-Cookman, leading his alma mater to eleven Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference championships in his twelve seasons. As coach at Bethune-Cookman, Melendez led the team two back-to-back undefeated conference seasons in 2010 and 2011. His teams also won the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament every year from 2000 through 2011, with the exception of 2005. He won 379 games as coach of the Wildcats, and in 2009 became the second-youngest coach in NCAA history to win 300 games.
Melendez played for Bethune-Cookman from 1993 through 1996, seeing time at third base and as a relief pitcher. At his playing career's end, he held program records in doubles (30) and batting average (.342). Melendez earned all-conference and all-tournament honors in 1995 and 1996. Following the end of his playing career, Melendez became an assistant coach for the Wildcats. During his tenure as an assistant, the team won the 1999 MEAC Tournament.
Head coaching records.
The following is a table of Melendez's yearly records as an NCAA head baseball coach.

</doc>
<doc id="36620200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620200" title="King Road Tower">
King Road Tower

King Road Tower is a 34-storey office tower that is located in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The tower contains the world largest advertisement LED screen making it a valued landmark for the city.

</doc>
<doc id="36620225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620225" title="1922 confiscation of Russian Orthodox Church property">
1922 confiscation of Russian Orthodox Church property

The 1922 confiscation of Russian Orthodox Church property was held by the Bolshevik government under the pretext of fighting the Russian famine of 1921. During 1922, precious metals and gems were removed by state authorities from churches of all denominations. In fact, it was a provocative campaign against the Orthodox Church, since more than 90% of subjects were concentrated in its churches and monasteries. Subject to confiscation or articles intended exclusively for liturgical purposes (holy vessels), which is set in a very vulnerable position of the clergy, and caused the resistance of the congregation. The campaign was accompanied by repression against the clergy. Eight priests, two laymen and one woman were sentenced to death in Moscow on May 8, 1922 for having opposed the requisitioning of Church treasures and alleged participation in disturbances.

</doc>
<doc id="36620230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620230" title="Tenodera acuticauda">
Tenodera acuticauda

"Tenodera acuticauda" is a species of mantis in the subfamily Mantinae of the family Mantidae.
Range.
China, Sichuan, Changshou County.

</doc>
<doc id="36620250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620250" title="Kilgore News Herald">
Kilgore News Herald

The Kilgore News Herald is a daily newspaper in Kilgore in east Texas. The newspaper is owned by Bluebonnet Publishing, LLC.
History.
Lyde Williford Devall and Charles K. Devall owned and published the "Kilgore News Herald" from 1940 to 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36620254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620254" title="Rodrigo Parreira">
Rodrigo Parreira

Rodrigo Miguel Reis Parreira (born 16 March 1993) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. Os Belenenses as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36620266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620266" title="Rank scale">
Rank scale

The term rank scale was developed by Michael Halliday and is associated with systemic functional linguistics, the school of linguistic theory and description of which he is the originator. According to this theory, "systems" are a key organising feature of grammar, and each system originates "at a particular rank: clause, phrase, group and their associated complexes".

</doc>
<doc id="36620267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620267" title="John Gary Lane">
John Gary Lane

John Gary Lane (b. May 2, 1942) is a lawyer, judge and former political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Lumsden from 1971 to 1975 and Qu'Appelle from 1975 to 1976 as a Liberal and then Qu'Appelle from 1976 to 1982 and Qu'Appelle-Lumsden from 1982 to 1991 as a Progressive Conservative in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
He was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, the son of Richard Louis Lane and Kathleen May Flanagan, and was educated in Saskatoon and at the University of Saskatchewan, where he received a Bachelor of Law degree. Lane articled in Saskatoon and was called to the Saskatchewan bar in 1966. He worked as a Crown solicitor in the Saskatchewan Department of the Attorney General and executive assistant to the Attorney General from 1969 to 1971. Lane then practised law in Regina. He married Elizabeth Mary McLaughlin in 1979. In 1982, he was named Queen's Counsel.
In October 1976, Lane left the Liberal party. He served as president of the Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan. Lane served in the provincial cabinet as Attorney General, as Provincial Secretary, as Minister of Telephones, as Minister of Intergovernmental Affairs, as Minister of Justice and Attorney General, as Minister of Finance and as Minister of Revenue and Financial Services. He resigned from cabinet and vacated his seat in September 1991.
Later that same month, he was named to the Saskatchewan Court of Appeal.

</doc>
<doc id="36620272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620272" title="Tankeu Noé">
Tankeu Noé

Tankeu Noé (died 3 January 1964) was a member of the Union of the Peoples of Cameroon (UPC) guerrilla forces in Cameroon fighting first against French colonial government and then against the government of Ahmadou Ahidjo in the Douala region.
Tankeu Noé was from the Bamileke community.
He became a commander of the UPC's Armée de libération nationale Kamerounaise (ALNK) in the Littoral Province.
The ALNK in Cameroon was poorly organized and very weakly armed, but was pragmatic, knew the country well and was very mobile, using guerrilla tactics.
At first, the UPC rebels were fighting against the French colonial forces.
After Cameroon gained independence in 1960, they continued to fight the government of President Ahmadou Ahidjo, 
whom they considered to be a puppet of the French.
On the 27 and 28 of June 1959 forty of Tankeu Noé's fighters attacked the military camp of Mboppi in Douala and took 19 guns. In the counter-attack, UPC documents were taken that let the French arrest about 100 suspects. As a result of this action, the French high command of Cameroon decided to call for five companies of troops and five squads of gendarmes as reinforcements.
Starting in 1960, troops from the newly formed Cameroonian army worked closely with French colonial forces under general Max Briand in suppressing the rebellion.
On 24 April 1960 the Congo quarter of Douala, Tankeu's fief, was burnt by security forces,
Officially there were 19 deaths and 5,000 made homeless.
Tankeu Noé was captured and found guilty on 9 September 1963.
The law of 30 October 1963 gave the government increased powers to deal with opponents.
Tankeu Noé and Makanda Pouth, accused of terrorism but not of any other crime, had been sentenced to hard labor.
Using the powers of the new law, the government brought them before a military tribunal that condemned them to death.
Tankeu Noé was executed on 3 January 1964 in Douala.
He was shot in public, tied to a power pole in the Congo quarter of the city.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36620275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620275" title="Arsénio Martins Lafuente Nunes">
Arsénio Martins Lafuente Nunes

Arsénio Martins Lafuente Nunes (born 30 August 1989) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. Os Belenenses as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36620284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620284" title="Aeroflot Flight 217">
Aeroflot Flight 217

Aeroflot Flight 217 was a non-scheduled international passenger flight from Orly Airport in Paris to Sheremetyevo International Airport in Moscow, with a stopover at Shosseynaya Airport (now Pulkovo Airport) in Leningrad (now Saint Petersburg). On 13 October 1972, the Ilyushin Il-62 airliner operating the flight crashed on approach to Sheremetyevo, with the loss of all 164 passengers and crew of 10. At the time, it was the world's worst aviation disaster. As of 2013, the accident remains the second-deadliest one involving an Il-62, after LOT Flight 5055, and the second-deadliest on Russian soil, after Aeroflot Flight 3352.
Investigation.
The cause of the crash could not be determined. Investigators did believe the most probable cause was the 'psycho-physiological incapacitation of the crew for reasons unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36620303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620303" title="Rui Miguel Cabral Furtado">
Rui Miguel Cabral Furtado

Rui Miguel Cabral Furtado (born 13 March 1989) known as Ruizinho, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.F. Os Belenenses as a midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36620305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620305" title="1970 12 Hours of Sebring">
1970 12 Hours of Sebring

The 1970 12 Hours of Sebring was an endurance race held at the 5.2 mile (8.3 km) Sebring International Raceway, Sebring, Florida, United States on March 21, 1970. It was the twentieth running of the endurance classic and the second round of the 1970 World Sportscar Championship season.
Pre-race.
John Wyer's Gulf-Porsche team had just come fresh off a 1-2 victory at Daytona 7 weeks earlier. So far, Porsche was ahead in the championship against their only real rival, Ferrari. Qualifying was a mix of Ferraris and Porsches: American Mario Andretti qualified the #19 works Ferrari 512S Spyder on pole position at 121 mph at 2:33.5- 5 mph and 6.5 seconds faster than Chris Amon's time the year previous in a works Ferrari 312P and almost a second ahead of the #14 Jo Siffert/Brian Redman Gulf-Porsche 917K. Following them were the Porsche/Audi USA sponsored Porsche 917K driven by Vic Elford and Kurt Ahrens, Jr., the #20 works Ferrari 512S Spyder of Jacky Ickx/Peter Schetty, the #15 Gulf-Porsche 917K of Pedro Rodríguez/Leo Kinnunen, and a NART-entered Ferrari 512S Spyder of Sam Posey/Ronnie Bucknum and the #21 works Ferrari 512S of Ignazio Giunti/Nino Vaccarella.
Race.
The 1970 running is considered by many to be the best 12 Hours of Sebring ever. This was the first 12 Hours of Sebring where the cars used a rolling start, a procedure similar to the start which is used at the Indianapolis 500, and has been used at every Sebring 12 Hours to this day. Before 1970, the drivers did a traditional Le Mans start, but the events of the 1969 Le Mans race in which English driver John Woolfe was killed driving his Porsche 917 after a crash in which he did not have his seatbelts fastened led the governing body to ban Le Mans starts on grounds of safety.
A group of 5-liter entries led away; Andretti led from pole position, followed by Siffert, Elford, Ickx, Rodriguez and the rest of the field, which included works Matra and Alfa Romeo prototypes, running in the 3-liter class. There was an accident between two Lolas- Bob Brown in the #26 car would continue, but Mike De Udy in the other Lola would retire after just one lap. 
Ickx then moved ahead of Elford into 3rd, behind Siffert and Andretti, the former setting a fastest lap of 2:32.77 in an effort to catch Andretti, and he did for 2 laps- but Andretti regained it then lost it again when he pitted for fuel and a driver change. Other teams stopped for fuel and driver changes, as Andretti switched out with Merzario and Siffert with Redman. The #19's stop dropped it down to 5th, and moments later, Redman brought in the #14 car with electrical trouble. It was a lengthy pitstop, and the car dropped down the order. The order now was the #15 Porsche 917K of Rodriguez/Kinnunen, #16 Porsche 917K of Elford/Ahrens Jr, and the 3 works Ferraris. Near the 3rd hour, Rodriguez brought the leading car into the pits with a puncture. Although they were able to change the punctured tire and send Rodriguez out again, it was 4 laps behind the leading #19 Ferrari. The #16 car crashed and was out of the race with irreparable suspension damage. The Porsche 917K's problems allowed all three works Ferraris led the field into the night. And running in 5th place was a Solar Productions/Gulf sponsored #48 Porsche 908/02 of movie star and racer Steve McQueen (whose leg was in a cast) and Peter Revson, who was battling with the #33 works Alfa Romeo T33/3 of Toine Hezemans/Masten Gregory.
When night fell, the #20 Ickx/Schetty Ferrari went out after 151 laps with a blown head gasket, and the #21 Giunti/Vaccarella car was in the pits being repaired. Although the #19 Andretti/Merzario was still leading, and the #14 Redman/Kinnunen car, which had suffered newly designed front hub failures previously which caused it to drop out of contention, was out after 211 laps due to accident damage (Kinnunen and Siffert had switched cars; Siffert was now driving with Rodriguez). Then, Andretti brought the leading car in with gearbox problems. Although Merzario took the car back out again in the lead, the second-placed #15 Rodriguez/Siffert Porsche 917K was coming back after being 12 laps down for a while they were able to make up most of this deficit after the #19 Ferrari was in the pits. The Solar Productions Porsche 908/02 was in 3rd and the #21 Giunti/Vaccarella car was in 4th. And at 9:46 p.m. The #19 Ferrari was out of the race, which put the Rodriguez/Siffert Porsche 917K in the lead and the McQueen/Revson car was in 2nd. 
With 30 minutes remaining, one car still running and desperate for an overall victory, Ferrari team manager Mauro Forghieri decided to replace Giunti with the faster and more experienced Andretti in the #21 car. Although the #21 car was a lap behind; Andretti went out, and pushed very hard; unlapped himself and was making up time quickly on Siffert and Revson. But then all of a sudden, Siffert brought the #15 Gulf-Porsche 917K into the pits with front hub failure, the same problems which had stricken its sister car. This long pitstop allowed the Solar Productions Porsche 908/02 to take 1st- but Andretti had managed to pass Revson and take the lead back. But all of a sudden Andretti brought the car back into the pits for fuel- and the McQueen/Revson Porsche took the lead once again. But Andretti was not about to give up so easily- with only 1 lap to go he stormed out of the pits and chased down Revson, and at the end of the 5.2 mile lap Andretti crossed the line first, with Revson second (who managed to score a 3-liter class win), Masten Gregory in the #33 Alfa was third and the #15 Gulf-Porsche was fourth. Of the 68 cars that started the race, the brutal Sebring circuit managed to whittle the field down to 28 cars.

</doc>
<doc id="36620311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620311" title="Qiao Liang">
Qiao Liang

Qiao Liang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36620316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620316" title="Chatrak">
Chatrak

Chatrak () is a 2011 Indian Bengali drama film directed by Sri Lankan director Vimukthi Jayasundara. The film was screened at several film festivals worldwide, including the Directors' Fortnight in the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
A scene of the film featuring Paoli Dam and Anubrata Basu, caused uproar in India, especially in Kolkata, the capital of West Bengal state, where the film was mainly shot.
Plot.
Rahul (Sudip Mukherjee) is a Bengali archi­tect working at construction sites in Dubai. He returns home to Kolkata after an absence of several years. His girlfriend, Paoli (Paoli Dam), has been waiting for his return. Rahul's seemingly successful life is overshadowed by the search for his brother (Sumeet Thakur), said to now be mad and living in the forest, where he sleeps in the trees and subsists on vegetation. This crazy brother befriends a French soldier in the jungle. Rahul and Paoli journey in search of his lost brother. The story involves people who are expropriated for construction projects.
Release and screenings.
The film was screened in several film festival, including the prestigious Directors' Fortnight in the 2011 Cannes Film Festival, the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival and the Pacific Meridian film festival in Vladivostok, Russia. The film has not received a theatrical release.
Reception.
"The Hollywood Reporter" commented on "Mushrooms" that, "The film's abstract naturalism does create an austere portrait of a crass and careless human society but any larger meaning gets lost amid the film's many non-events and preening nihilism." The "Variety" review noted the "extremely slow-burning story", saying, "... the main element uniting Jayasundara's plot strands is a sense of torpor..." A review in the online film magazine ""Notebook"" praised the film, noting that it artistically portrays "...Cinematic dreams and nightmares, visible intuitions of the world around, visual understanding of what corruption of the society and corruption of the soul can do." "Sight & Sound" of the British Film Institute praised the film stating, "Disconcerting though the plot may at least initially be, the film has its wild as well as some comic moments that soon win the viewer over."
Controversy.
A scene of the film with explicit frontal nudity and cunnilingus, featuring Paoli Dam and Anubrata Basu, was leaked on the Internet in 2011, causing uproar in India, especially in Kolkata, the capital of West Bengal state, where the film was mainly shot. A version of the film without the sexually explicit scene was arranged to be shown in the 2011 Kolkata Film Festival. Director Jayasundara admitted that there are several versions of the film, and some versions do not contain the sex scene. He also admitted that he was surprised to witness negative feedback due to the inclusion of such sex scene in his film. He further commented that the cast and crew, particularly Paoli Dam, were being unnecessarily targeted by certain segments of the audience; he stated, "Those who are voicing these opinions are making it seem as if Kolkata is still living in the 1940s while the whole world has raced far ahead."

</doc>
<doc id="36620339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620339" title="Holiday Trip of a Lifetime">
Holiday Trip of a Lifetime

Holiday Trip of a Lifetime is the third studio album by Australian pop-rock band End of Fashion. It was released on 4 May 2012 by Universal Music Group.
Background.
On the making of the album, frontman Justin Burford has said, "the whole process of writing and recording this album had to be the most fun two years of my life".
During the process of recording the album, End of Fashion drummer Mike Hobbs left the band, as he didn't like the album's "studio pop band" approach. Burford took on the drum parts. Bass guitarist Tom King also left and was replaced by Simon Fasolo.
Critical reception.
Brisbane's now-defunct "Rave" magazine gave the album a positive review, writing, "for those raised on meat-and-potatoes Aussie melodic indie guitar rock, this could be considered a betrayal of "Young Modern" proportions. However, I'm hearing a re-energised band making some of the slinkiest pop of their career". "X-Press Magazine" wrote, "admittedly, the album gets repetitive, but overall it makes for an enjoyable listen."

</doc>
<doc id="36620352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620352" title="Blue Bash!">
Blue Bash!

Blue Bash! is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell with organist Jimmy Smith recorded in 1963 and released on the Verve label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars. 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Kenny Burrell except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36620360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620360" title="Uterine incarceration">
Uterine incarceration

Uterine incarceration is an obstetrical complication whereby a growing retroverted uterus becomes wedged into the pelvis after the first trimester of pregnancy.
Development.
When the uterus is tilted backwards, it is considered to be retroverted; this situation is common and regarded a normal variation. It has been estimated that about 15% of pregnancies begin in a retroverted uterus. Normally, during the first trimester, the growing uterus changes spontaneously to an anteverted position, thus allowing expansion of the enlarging uterus into the abdomen. The cervix is then inferior to the body of the uterus. Thus, the presence of an early pregnancy in a retroverted uterus is not considered a problem.
On rare occasions the uterus fails to become anteverted, and the pregnancy continues to expand the retroverted uterus within the confines of the pelvis. By about 14 weeks the size of the uterus fills out most of the pelvis, pushing up the cervix. At this point the uterus may get trapped below the sacral promontory and symphysis. With further growth the pregnant woman may experience lower abdominal and pelvic pain, back pain, and difficulty, even inability to void, as the bladder is pushed upward and its outflow becomes obstructed. Constipation may be encountered. 
The frequency of this complication has been estimated to be about 1 in 3,000 pregnancies.
Diagnosis.
In a pregnant woman who is entering her second trimester, the combination of urinary difficulties and pelvic pain may alert the physician to consider uterine incarceration as a possibility. On physical examination, the cervix is pushed up and anterior, and the pelvis entirely filled by the soft mass of the body of the pregnant uterus. Sonography may indicate the retroverted position of the uterus, check on the viability of the fetus, and demonstrate the location of the bladder being pushed cranially and unable to be emptied. Also magnetic resonance imaging has been found to be helpful in the diagnosis of the condition.
Causes.
A number of situations may interfere with the natural process that would antevert a retroverted uterus during pregnancy. Such situations include pelvic adhesions, endometriosis, uterine malformations, leiomyomata, and pelvic tumors.
Sequelae.
Spontaneous resolution of the condition can occur during the second trimester.
An unresolved incarcerated uterus can lead to further pain, vaginal bleeding, loss of pregnancy or premature delivery. Also, the uterus may develop a uterine sacculation, that is a part of its back wall softens like an aneurysm and allows expansion of the fetus into the abdomen with a risk of uterine rupture. Further, urinary complications may develop such as cystitis, and bladder distention could eventually lead to rupture of the bladder.
Management.
A pregnant woman with an incarcerated uterus may present in the emergency room because of pain, bleeding, inability to void and constipation. Upon diagnosis steps can be taken to manually position the uterus into an anteverted position. The bladder is decompressed by a Foley catheter and the obstetrician may attempt to manipulate the uterus if necessary using general or spinal anesthesia. Rarely will a woman with an incarcerated uterus reach term, - if so, a cesarean delivery is called for.

</doc>
<doc id="36620376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620376" title="Øksnes Church">
Øksnes Church

Øksnes Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county, Norway. It is located on the southern side of the island of Skogsøya. The church is part of the Øksnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1703, and it seats about 450 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36620382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620382" title="Killeen Daily Herald">
Killeen Daily Herald

The Killeen Daily Herald is a daily newspaper in Killeen, Texas. The newspaper is owned by Frank Mayborn Enterprises Inc. The newspaper has a daily circulation of about 14,000 and a Sunday circulation of about 17,000.
History.
The newspaper was established in June 1890, as the "Killeen Herald", and was owned by W.E. Bennett. Bennett sold the newspaper in 1893, and ownership of the newspaper changed several times.
Bennett also formed the semi-weekly newspaper "Killeen Messenger". J. T. Carter merged The "Killen Herald" and "Killeen Messenger" into the "Killeen Daily Herald and Messenger". In 1953, the newspaper was renamed the "Killeen Daily Herald" when it became a daily newspaper.
In 1953, Frank W. Mayborn purchased the Killeen Daily Herald.

</doc>
<doc id="36620391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620391" title="Snowfall (album)">
Snowfall (album)

Snowfall is a compilation album by New Age artist Yanni in 2000. The album was composed of tracks from 1980 to 1993. The album was released on the label BMG Special Products even though the songs themselves were originally released on Private Music.
Track listing.
Beside each track is the song's original album and release date.

</doc>
<doc id="36620393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620393" title="Walter Hirsch">
Walter Hirsch

Walter Hirsch is a former American college basketball player. He is known for winning three NCAA championships at the University of Kentucky, and for being a central figure in the point shaving scandal that impacted American college basketball in the 1950's.
Hirsch, a 6'4" forward from Northridge High School in Dayton, Ohio, played for future Hall of Fame coach Adolph Rupp at Kentucky. During his time at UK, Hirsch was a part of three championship teams, in 1948, 1949 and 1951. As a freshman in 1947–48, Hirsch appeared in 13 regular-season games for the Wildcats. As a sophomore and junior, Hirsch moved into the Wildcats regular rotation, and as a senior was the captain of UK's 1950–51 championship team. While he made the SEC All-tournament team in 1951, he was declared ineligible for the 1951 NCAA Tournament as he was a fourth year varsity player (prohibited at that time).
After his career was over, Hirsch became embroiled in a point shaving scandal that implicated player from seven different schools across the nation. Hirsch, along with teammate Bill Spivey and assistant Jim Line, was accused of taking money to affect the outcome of several games during the 1950–51. Hirsch and Line admitted to shaving points and implicated Spivey as well. However, Hirsch was never formally charged.
Hirsch's involvement with gamblers led to a ban from minor league baseball for the promising first baseman prospect. He was coming off a strong 1952 season for the Danville Dans of the Mississippi-Ohio Valley League, but Minor League president George Trautman (a former college basketball coach himself at Ohio State) declared him permanently banned from minor league baseball.

</doc>
<doc id="36620394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620394" title="Myre Church">
Myre Church

Myre Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Myre. The church is part of the Øksnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white concrete church was built in 1979 and it seats about 300 people. The architect was Arne Aursand.

</doc>
<doc id="36620403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620403" title="2012–13 Sydney Blue Sox season">
2012–13 Sydney Blue Sox season

The 2012–13 Sydney Blue Sox season will be the third season for the team. As was the case for the previous season, the Blue Sox will compete in the Australian Baseball League (ABL) with the other five foundation teams, and will again play its home games at Blacktown International Sportspark Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="36620417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620417" title="Björn Steiger Foundation">
Björn Steiger Foundation

The Björn Steiger Foundation is a German charity which assists in providing funding for emergency services, and rescue organisations. It is named after a 9 year old child, Björn Steiger, who was killed in 1969 after being hit by a car whilst returning home from his local swimming pool. Shortly after this incident, his parents, Siegfried and Ute Steiger, set up the foundation in his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="36620424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620424" title="Burmese Empire">
Burmese Empire

Burmese Empire could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36620428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620428" title="2012 Maui Invitational Tournament">
2012 Maui Invitational Tournament

The 2012 Maui Invitational Tournament is an early-season college basketball tournament played from November 9 to November 21, 2012. It will be the 29th annual holding of the Maui Invitational Tournament, which began in 1984, and part of the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Championship Round was played at the Lahaina Civic Center in Maui, Hawaii from November 19 to 21.
Illinois are the defending champions, defeating Butler in the 2012 final, 78-61.
Opening Round.
The Opening Round was played on November 9–13 at various sites around the country.
Regional Round.
The Regional Round will be played November 17 and 18 at Alumni Gym in Elon, NC.
Championship Round.
The Championship Round will occur from November 19–21 at Lahaina Civic Center in Maui, Hawaii.
"Chaminade is always the home team"<br>
"All Times Eastern"

</doc>
<doc id="36620432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620432" title="Langenes Church">
Langenes Church

Langenes Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Stø. The church is part of the Øksnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church seats about 170 people and was built in the 1500s. It has been renovated several times since then.

</doc>
<doc id="36620442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620442" title="Erden Airfield">
Erden Airfield

Erden Airfield is an airfield in Montana Province, Bulgaria.
The airfield was built in 2006. Located 5 km south of Boychinovtsi near the village of Erden.

</doc>
<doc id="36620484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620484" title="Chartwell Leisure">
Chartwell Leisure

Chartwell Leisure was an American hotel company. It was formed in 1994 as National Gaming, a spin-off of the gaming businesses of Hospitality Franchise Systems (HFS). A year later, after finding little success, the company said it was leaving the casino industry, and would seek to acquire a business in a less risky field.
In January 1996, the company changed its name to National Lodging, and paid $98 million to buy 16 Travelodge hotels and joint venture interests in 96 more from Forte, as part of a deal that also saw HFS acquire the Travelodge trademark and franchise operation. In August, the company was renamed Chartwell Leisure after taking a $57 million investment from groups affiliated with the Fisher family, the Gordon Getty family, and the de Gunzburg family, giving them a total 52 percent stake in the firm.
In March 1998, the company was acquired by a partnership of Whitehall Street Real Estate (a Goldman Sachs affiliate) and Westmont Hospitality Group for $349 million, including $77 million in assumed debt. Westmont received a minority share, and took over operations of the company's 124 properties, under the new name WW Leisure.

</doc>
<doc id="36620490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620490" title="Healy Lake Airport">
Healy Lake Airport

Healy Lake Airport is an airport serving Healy Lake, a community in the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. Scheduled airline passenger service at this airport is subsidized by the United States Department of Transportation via the Essential Air Service program.
Airline and destinations.
The following airline offers scheduled passenger service at this airport:

</doc>
<doc id="36620498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620498" title="Steven Simring">
Steven Simring

Dr. Steven Simring, MD, MPH, (born May 24, 1939 in The Bronx, New York) is a psychiatrist and co-author of several books. He currently serves as an associate professor and vice chairman of the department of psychiatry at UMDNJ-New Jersey Medical School.

</doc>
<doc id="36620516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620516" title="PYD">
PYD

PYD may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36620522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620522" title="Rhenium(VII) sulfide">
Rhenium(VII) sulfide

Rhenium(VII) sulfide is a chemical compound with the formula Re2S7. It can be produced through the reaction of ReO4- and H2S in 4N HCl.
Reactions.
Rhenium(VII) sulfide decomposes when heated in vacuum:
It is converted to oxide when heated in air:

</doc>
<doc id="36620529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620529" title="Sepp Straffner">
Sepp Straffner

Sepp Straffner (31 January 1875 Bad Goisern - 29 October 1952) was an Austrian federal railway official and politician in the Greater German People's Party. He was a pupil at Hallstatt near Salzkammergut, then a student in the Forestry Service at Goisern. He attended high school in Linz. Between 1899 and 1907 he was an official with the Tyrol and Salzburg service of the State Railways at Innsbruck. He went on to study law at the universities of Vienna and Innsbruck (PhD 1913).
Politics.
Straffner was active in Georg von Schönerer's German National Movement ("Deutschnationale Bewegung"). He was a member of the council of Saalfelden, the Tyrolean Landtag and from 1918-1919 member of the Tyrolean government. In 1919 he was successful in the Constitutional Assembly elections, becoming a member of the Republic of German-Austria legislature, and from 1920 to 1923 and 1927 to 1934 a deputy in the National Council. In 1930-31 and 1932–33, he served as third president of the National Council.
End of the First Republic.
He was one of the three national presidents who on 4 March 1933 resigned his office during a debate on a railway strike, precipitating a constitutional crisis, the dissolution of parliament and the seizure of power by the Chancellor, Engelbert Dollfuss as dictator. On 15 March 1933 Straffner tried to withdraw his resignation and reconvene the parliamentary session but Dollfuss had ordered the police to prevent this "undeclared meeting" ( "„nicht angemeldete Versammlung“") or to disperse it if it occurred, even though many members of the Greater German and Social Democrat parties were already present in the chamber. Handed a copy of Dollfuss' order, Straffner filed a criminal complaint against Dollfuss under § 76 Criminal Code (public violence).
Aftermath.
From 1934-1935 he was manager of the daily newspaper 'Alpenland'.

</doc>
<doc id="36620535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620535" title="Alsvåg Church">
Alsvåg Church

Alsvåg Church () is a parish church in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Alsvåg. The church is part of the Øksnes parish in the Vesterålen deanery in the Diocese of Sør-Hålogaland. The white wooden church was built in 1923 and in 1949 it was consecrated as a church. It seats about 300 people.

</doc>
<doc id="36620537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620537" title="New Greek TV">
New Greek TV

New Greek TV (NGTV) is an American Greek language television channel broadcasting from studios in Astoria, New York. It launched in December 1987 as 'National Greek Television' on Time Warner Cable by its founder Demetris Kastanas. NGTV was the first ever television channel catering to Greek-Americans, airing a mix of original programming produced specifically for the local Greek-American community in New York and area as well as foreign content sourced directly from Greece.
On August 2, 2012, NGTV was sold to a private investment group headed by Greek-American celebrity TV host Yanna Darili. Upon taking ownership of the channel, Ms. Darilis subsequently re-branded the channel with a new look and a new focus. The new service, now called 'New Greek TV' is aimed at the new generation of Greek-Americans.
Programming.
New Greek TV airs a mix of original programming and foreign content from Greece which is sourced from Skai TV, a private network in Greece. It airs news and current affairs, entertainment, sports, travelogues, cooking shows, talk shows and more. 
Original programming on NGTV includes the following:

</doc>
<doc id="36620541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620541" title="Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 1855–1857">
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 1855–1857

This is a list of members of the South Australian Legislative Council from 1855 to 1857. Sixteen members were elected at the 1855 state election with terms due to expire in 1858. The four Official (i.e. holding offices - front bench) Nominees and four Non-Official Nominees were appointed by the Governor on behalf of the Crown. Voting was voluntary and restricted to land-holding males. This Council formulated a State Constitution and was prorogued to make way for the bicameral system brought about by this Constitution.
See also.
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council, 1851–1855

</doc>
<doc id="36620546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620546" title="Erick Baker">
Erick Baker

Erick Baker (born December 12, 1978) is an American singer-songwriter from Knoxville, Tennessee.
He has performed with national acts, including rock musician James Blunt, alternative country musician Brandi Carlile, pop-rock musician Gavin DeGraw, the rock band Goo Goo Dolls, the rock band Heart, R&B artist John Legend, indie-rock musician Edwin McCain and rock musician Grace Potter.
Additionally, Baker has headlined six sold-out appearances at Knoxville's Bijou Theatre.
Early life and education.
He was born in Knoxville.
Career.
Baker started his career in a local rock band known as Down From Up with Baker as the front man/lead vocalist. They released a live album in 2006 titled "Live: Far From the Bottom" and then their first full length album "A Terrible Beauty" in 2007. In early 2008 Baker was replaced by band mate Matt Brewster as the lead vocalist, the reasons why are still unknown. The band disbanded in late 2010 after another album.
Baker's breakthrough came as an opportunity to support Legend.
On February 29, 2008, Baker released his debut extended play, "It's Getting Too Late to Say It's Early", produced by Travis Wyrick.
Baker recorded his first full-length studio album, "Holding the Pieces in Place," in 2010. After the album's release in April of that year, he toured with Heart. His concert repertoire began to expand around this time, and included a cover version of the song "Fight For Your Right To Party" by the hip-hop band Beastie Boys. Later that year, he also released a live album, "Erick Baker: Live at the Bijou Theatre" (recorded and mixed by Ben McAmis), as well as "Stay Awhile", a live DVD containing footage of Baker performing and discussing his music (also mixed and edited by Ben McAmis).
Baker began work on his next studio album in early 2011 with producer Ken Coomer. He ended the year performing at the official Belk Bowl FanFest in Charlotte, North Carolina, along with McCain and the rock band Daughtry, as well as at a New Year's Eve show for the U.S. troops stationed at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba.
Baker's second studio album, "Goodbye June", was released on June 26, 2012, followed by his first European tour. The album's lead single, "In Love with a Lie", was influenced by a phone conversation Baker had with a friend about a failed relationship.
Musical style.
His genre-bending approach has resulted in crossover appeal, according to Underground Music Reviews in 2010. A self-taught guitarist and vocalist, Baker writes and performs "intricately crafted, emotive Americana". In 2008, "Mountain Xpress" described him as having a "raw and powerful" voice, and an "ability to whip an early crowd into a respectable frenzy".
Discography.
Down From Up
Solo

</doc>
<doc id="36620558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620558" title="Thallah Chaudrian">
Thallah Chaudrian

Thallah Chaudrian is a village that is located in Baragowah, Jhelum District, Punjab, Pakistan, and near Padhri. It has 80 houses and its condition is better than other areas.

</doc>
<doc id="36620576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620576" title="Malla Reddy Institute of Medical Sciences">
Malla Reddy Institute of Medical Sciences

Malla Reddy Institute of Medical Sciences for Women is a medical college located near Hyderabad, India. It was started in 2012 and has a capacity of 150 seats. The institute has a 350-bed private hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="36620585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620585" title="Dieter Söll">
Dieter Söll

Dieter Gerhard Söll (born 1935) is a Sterling Professor of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry and Chemistry at the Yale University. He earned his B.S. and Ph.D. from Stuttgart University in 1962 and did his postdoctoral work at University of Wisconsin–Madison from 1962-1965 with Har Gobind Khorana. He was briefly an assistant professor at University of Wisconsin before joining the Yale faculty in 1967 and has been there since. He was named a Sterling Professor in 2006. As a postdoc with Jack Strominger, he identified tRNAs that were involved in peptidoglycan formation leading to the discovery of novel aminoacyl-tRNA functions. He later sequenced the selenocysteine tRNA. His research is centered on the formation of aminoacyl-tRNA and tRNA synthetases. He is a member of the National Academy of Science, fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and was named a Guggenheim Fellow in 1972 and 1989 and a Humboldt Fellow in 2000. In addition to his academic work, he has been recognized as a leader in creating research opportunities for minority students notably by spearheading a program to bring students from Tougaloo College to Yale University for summer research in the early 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="36620589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620589" title="Collision (2013 film)">
Collision (2013 film)

Collision (aka Intersections) is an English-language French romantic thriller film written and directed by American filmmaker David Marconi, produced by Luc Besson and starring Frank Grillo, Jaimie Alexander, Roschdy Zem, Marie-Josée Croze and Charlie Bewley. The film was released in France on January 30, 2013.
Plot.
Taylor and Scott Dolan (Jaimie Alexander and Frank Grillo) are on their honeymoon in Morocco where Taylor plots to kill her rich husband with help from her lover, Travis (Charlie Bewley). The plan goes awry when all parties are involved in a bloody car accident on a remote desert road. They escape the multi-car pileup at a desert intersection and encounter the group of survivors, including a wanted smuggler, Omar (Moussa Maaskri), a French woman, Audrey (Marie-Josée Croze), with a sick baby and Saleh, a mysterious "repairman" (Roschdy Zem). They embark on a journey of deceit and revelation that culminates in the medina of Essaouira.
Production.
Development.
"Collision" marks David Marconi's return to directing, twenty years after "The Harvest". Brooklyn Decker and Gemma Arterton were considered for role of Taylor but lost out to Jaimie Alexander.
Filming.
Filming started in February 2012 on location in Morocco and lasted a month and a half, with most of the shooting done in sequence. The film was shot mainly in English, however there is also a substantial amount of Arabic dialogue between Moussa Maaskri and Roschdy Zem's characters as well as a some French dialogue, involving Zem's, Marie-Josée Croze's and Carlos Leal's characters. The key car crash scene was filmed practically, without visual effects, using DSLR cameras in the cars.
Release.
Initially set for November 2012, the film was eventually released in France on January 30, 2013 in 304 theaters, after a premiere on January 25 at the UGC Ciné-Cité Rosny outside of Paris, attended by Roschy Zem and Marie-Josée Croze. In Belgium the film was released a week later, on February 6, in 15 theaters.
Reception.
Box office performance.
The film fizzled at the French box-office, debuting at the twelfth spot, behind five of that week's other new releases (which included "Lincoln", "Silver Linings Playbook" and "Seven Psychopaths") and making a little over 260,000 euros with an 871 euros per theater average, attracting 52,485 film goers. It fared even worse in its Belgian release where it debuted at the nineteenth spot, behind five of that week's other new releases (which included "Hitchcock" and "") and making a little over 26,000 euros with an 1,750 euros per theater average. As of March 3, 2013, "Intersections" has made a little over 300,000 euros.
Critical response.
The film received an overwhelmingly negative critical response in France. Writing for "Critikat", Vincent Avenel calls the script "incoherent", a sentiment echoed by "Les Fiches du Cinéma"'s François Barge-Prieur. Avenel goes on to call the film "absurd" and "empty", all the while criticizing the abundance of product placement and finding Jaimie Alexander's beauty to be the picture's sole saving grace. In "Le Monde", Jacques Mandelbaum says the film a "reality TV version" of a survival film while in "Version Femina", Anne Michelet laments the lack of tension.
A rare positive review came from "Staragora", which praised the film's numerous twists and flawed characters while stating the film was of the kind "one remembers for weeks after having seen it".
Home media.
"Collision" was released in France on DVD and Blu-ray in an extended version on May 30, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36620611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620611" title="Okno-S">
Okno-S

Okno-S () is a reported Russian military space surveillance facility used to identify and analyse the orbits of satellites and other space objects. If it is operational, it would be run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces and complement the Okno station in Nurak, Tajikistan. Very little is known about the facility, including its precise location. There has been speculation on the differences between Okno and Okno-S but there has been no confirmation from official sources.
Okno.
Okno is described as an optical-electronic facility which uses telescopes to track satellites and spacecraft between and above the Earth. It is located at high altitude, above sea-level near the civilian Sanglok astronomical observatory.
Plans.
Little is known about Okno-S. The project started at Krasnogorsk mechanical plant in 1980, under the direction of V S Chernova, and the initial design was completed in 1985. In 1989 Russian military contractor Vympel released a draft design of a number of space surveillance complexes including Okno-S.
One analyst, Sean O'Connor, says that the original plan was for four Okno installations and four Okno-S installations. This was later reduced to one in Ukraine and one in Eastern Russia. A report by Lenta.ru in 2004 said that one Okno-S was under construction.
Location.
Sources agree on the rough location of the site in Primorsky Krai in the Russian Far East. It is described as being on Gora Lysaya () 'Bald Mountain' near Spassk-Dalny, north of Vladivostok.. A location estimated by Allen Thomson is but there are also two other mountains called Gora Lysaya closer to Vladivostok at and .. Sean O'Connor states that the lack of good satellite photography is stopping open source intelligence researchers identifying the precise location.
Facility.
There is speculation on the differences between Okno and Okno-S and what the facility actually consists of. Sean O'Connor says that it only covers the region between and above the Earth, providing information on satellites in geostationary orbit. Something in the FAS sourcebook says that the site has two components. This says that equipment with the GRAU index 60Zh6 covers craft in higher orbits and 59Zh6 and 57Zh6 covers craft in lower orbit.. The whole facility is given the name Object 2327S.
Other facilities.
Primorsky Krai is mountainous and has other space and astronomical facilities. Krona-N, another military space surveillance facility is near Nakhodka at . A civilian solar observatory, Ussuriysk Astrophysical Observatory, is in Ussuriysk.

</doc>
<doc id="36620634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620634" title="Booby Kids">
Booby Kids

In 1993, Nichibutsu released for the Game Boy a similar game entitled "Booby Boys".
Gameplay.
During the prehistoric era of humanity, cavemen and dinosaurs compete for ultimate supremacy. A young boy has to collect important treasure without being killed by the rampaging dinosaurs. All he can do is attempt to temporarily paralyze them with a specialized dinosaur trap. All treasures must be collected before admittance to the next level is possible. One hit from either a dinosaur, caveman, or other type of enemy instantly kills the player.
Levels range from the conventional cavemen setting of the earlier levels to feudal Japan and even some futuristic levels inspired by science fiction. There are 21 levels in this game with five different bonus levels to gain extra points in. Objects to acquire in the other time zones include radios (retrieved in the World War II stages from Japanese soldiers), bags of money (retrieved in the modern levels while dodging criminals "and" police officers), computer monitors (earned while dodging robots) and ancient Japanese scrolls (found while avoiding samurai).

</doc>
<doc id="36620658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620658" title="2012 FINA Swimming World Cup">
2012 FINA Swimming World Cup

The 2012 FINA Swimming World Cup is a series of eight (8), two-day, short course meets in eight different cities in October and November 2012. Arena is again the title sponsor for the series, with Omega serving as official timer.
Meets.
As of August 2012, the 2012 World Cup consists of the following eight meets:
World Cup Standings.
Men.
Official Overall Scoring:
Women.
Official Overall Scoring:
(*) including 20 points for WR bonus
Event winners.
400 m individual medley.
Legend: 
Mixed 4x50m medley relay.
NOTE: The mixed relay is not included in the overall scoring of the World Cup.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36620661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620661" title="Žarko Dragaš">
Žarko Dragaš

Žarko Dragaš (Cyrillic: Жарко Драгаш, born in 15 June 1971) is a former Montenegrin football midfielder.
Career.
Budućnost.
Born in Titograd (nowadays Podgorica, capital of Montenegro), he begin his career in 1989 by playing with FK Budućnost Podgorica, known until 1993 as FK Budućnost Titograd. The club was playing in the top national flight, known as the Yugoslav First League until 1992, then as First League of FR Yugoslavia until 1994. Budućnost usually finished in mid table, and the highlight of his spell with Budućnost was when the club finished runner-up in the Balkans Cup in 1991.
Rudar Pljevlja, Red Star and Degerfors.
In summer 1994 he moved to another top league side, FK Rudar Pljevlja, but stayed only until the following winter break when he moved to Red Star Belgrade.
He played one and a half seasons with Red Star, but during that time he made only 8 league appearances and scored two goals. Even so, he was part of the team during a quite prosperous period as in those two seasons Red Star has won one national championship and two cups.
Thus in summer 1996 he made his first move abroad by signing with Swedish side Degerfors IF. He made 15 appearances and scored 3 goals in the Allsvenskan and Degerfors finished in 9th place that season.
Vojvodina.
In summer 1997 he returned to FR Yugoslavia and joined FK Vojvodina. They finished in 4th place in the 1997–98 First League of FR Yugoslavia with Žarko Dragaš contributing with 7 appearances and one goal in the league. This would be his last season in FR Yugoslavia before he moved to Greece.
Greece.
In summer 1998 he signed with newly promoted Greek top-flight side Ethnikos Asteras, and played with them in the 1998–99 Alpha Ethniki which they finished 11th, with Dragaš making a solid performance of 24 appearances and 5 goals in the season. Despite that, at the end of the season he left the club and joined Beta Ethniki side Larisa which was being coached by Serbian manager Nebojša Ličanin. Despite their ambitions, and Dragaš 21 appearances and 7 goals in the league, Larisa finished 6th and failed to achieve promotion to Alpha Ethniki. Coach Ličanin left, and so did Dragaš, the latter joining 3rd level Gama Ethniki (3rd tier) Greek club Patraikos Patra. In his first season in Patras, Dragaš had quite an impressive season for a midfielder by scoring 14 goals in 35 league appearances, thus helping Patraikos to earn a promotion to the 2001–02 Beta Ethniki. He retired at the end of the following season.

</doc>
<doc id="36620679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620679" title="Mayo v. Prometheus">
Mayo v. Prometheus

Mayo v. Prometheus, 566 U.S. ___ (2012), was a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States that unanimously held that claims directed to a method of giving a drug to a patient, measuring metabolites of that drug, and with a known threshold for efficacy in mind, deciding whether to increase or decrease the dosage of the drug, were not patent eligible subject matter. The decision was controversial, with some parties claiming it frees clinical pathologists to practice their medical discipline, and other parties claiming that it destabilizes patent law and will stunt investment in the field of personalized medicine, preventing new products and services from emerging in that field.
Parties to the Case.
The case arose in a dispute between Mayo Collaborative Services and Prometheus Laboratories concerning a diagnostic test. Mayo Collaborative Services is a for-profit diagnostic testing lab offering diagnostic services that operates as a subsidiary of Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research, which is a nonprofit corporation affiliated with the Mayo Clinic. Mayo Collaborative Services does business as "Mayo Medical Laboratories", has 3,200 employees working in 58 laboratories and offers services worldwide.
Prometheus is a specialty pharmaceutical and diagnostics company in the fields of gastroenterology and cancer; it was bought by Nestlé in 2011. Prometheus sells diagnostic kits and also offers diagnostic services as a diagnostic testing lab.
Patents at issue.
The two US patents in the case are 6,355,623 and 6,680,302, which are owned by Hospital Sainte-Justine in Montreal. The patents concern the use of thiopurine drugs in the treatment of autoimmune diseases, such as Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis. Different people metabolize these drugs differently, so doctors have to work with patients to find the right dose. If the dose is too high there are too many side effects, and if the dose is too low, the drug doesn't work. When the patents were filed, the metabolites of these drugs were known, most importantly, 6-thioguanine, but the "right" level of these metabolites was not known. The scientists at Hospital Sainte-Justine identified the threshold level for effectiveness, and filed for patent protection on methods to use that threshold level to determine dosage.
The Supreme Court took claim 1 of the '623 patent as exemplary:
wherein the level of 6-thioguanine less than about 230 pmol per 8x108 red blood cells indicates a need to increase the amount of said drug subsequently admin­istered to said subject and wherein the level of 6-thioguanine greater than about 400 pmol per 8x108 red blood cells indicates a need to decrease the amount of said drug subsequently ad­ministered to said subject.”
The dispute.
Prometheus is the exclusive licensee of these patents and sells diagnostic kits based on them. Mayo bought and used these kits until 2004, when it decided to offer its own diagnostic tests to its clients at Mayo and worldwide, without buying the kit from Prometheus. In June 2004 Prometheus sued Mayo for infringement in the Southern District Court of California, and in March 2008 the district court held the patents invalid under §101 (the section of US law governing patentable subject matter.)
District Court Ruling.
The District Court characterized the claims as having three steps: (1) administering the drug to a subject, (2) determining metabolite levels, and (3) being warned that an adjustment in dosage may be required. All parties acknowledged that the first two steps, by themselves, were already known, and that the third step contained the novel matter that drove the patent filing. Mayo argued that only the third step mattered, and that the claims covered unpatentable subject matter. Prometheus argued that all the steps in the claims had to be considered, and that the whole process was new and was patentable subject matter.
The court found that the first two steps were just "data-gathering," leaving the third step as merely an unpatentable mental step, comprising the correlation, because no step required a change in administered dose. Further, the court found that the inventors of the patents did not invent the correlation, because the metabolites detected according to the patent claims "are products of the natural metabolizing of thiopurine drug, and the inventors merely observed the relationship between these naturally-produced metabolites and therapeutic efficacy and toxicity." Having determined that the claims encompass the correlations themselves, the District Court held that the claims "wholly preempt" the correlations."
These two findings—that the claims cover only natural phenomena, and that the claims cover any application of the natural phenomena—led squarely to a rejection under §101, just as if someone tried to claim Einstein's equation "E=mc2" as opposed to, for example, a faster-than-light engine that made use of that law of nature.
First Federal Circuit Decision.
Prometheus appealed, and in September 2009 the Federal Circuit reversed the District Court, finding that the claims were patentable. The Federal Circuit found that the District Court erred in its analysis of the first two steps. The Federal Circuit found that these steps were not just "data gathering," but rather that they called for two physical transformations — first administering the drug to the patient, which transforms the patient, and secondly, measuring the metabolites, which involves several concrete, transformative steps. The Federal Circuit relied on its own decision In re Bilski in this analysis; in that decision the court stated that if a method requires a specific machine for its implementation, or involves a physical transformation, it is patentable.
The Federal Circuit also found that the District Court erred in not treating each claim as a whole. The decision said: "t is inappropriate to determine the patent eligibility of a claim as a whole based on whether selected limitations constitute patent-eligible subject matter. After all, even though a fundamental principle itself is not patent-eligible, processes incorporating a fundamental principle may be patent-eligible. Thus, it is irrelevant that any individual step or limitation of such processes by itself would be unpatentable under § 101.”
Finally, the Federal Circuit found that because the claims are directed to an entire process, and not just the correlation itself, the claims do not preempt all applications of the correlation.
Remand and second Federal Circuit Decision.
Mayo appealed to the Supreme Court and in June 2010 the Supreme Court granted certiorari and immediately vacated the Federal Circuit decision and remanded the case back to the Federal Circuit for further consideration in light of the Supreme Court's ruling on the Bilski case (in other words, it issued a GVR Order.) The Supreme Court's Bilski decision made the machine or transformation test less absolute, calling it only an "important clue" to patentability.
In December 2010 the Federal Circuit issued its new ruling on the case. The Federal Circuit essentially re-iterated the arguments it had made the first time. Its decision acknowledged the Supreme Court's Bilski decision, but still found the first two steps were transformative and that the claim as a whole was patentable. The Federal Circuit went into more depth on the third step, the "mental step", noting that "a subsequent mental step does not, by itself, negate the transformative nature of prior steps. Thus, when viewed in the proper context, the final step of providing a warning based on the results of the prior steps does not detract from the patentability of Prometheus’s claimed methods as a whole."
Supreme Court Decision.
Mayo again appealed to the Supreme Court, which agreed to take the case. It was argued on December 7, 2011 and the court handed down a unanimous decision on March 20, 2012. The Supreme Court reversed the Federal Circuit and basically reiterated the findings of the District Court.
The court called the correlation between the naturally-produced metabolites and therapeutic efficacy and toxicity to be an unpatentable "natural law" and found the first two steps to be not “genuine applications of those laws[, but] rather ... drafting efforts designed to monopolize the correlations.” (condensation of quote from Patently-O) The court said, "Because methods for making such determinations were well known in the art, this step simply tells doctors to engage in well-understood, routine, conventional activity previously engaged in by scientists in the field. Such activity is normally not sufficient to transform an unpatentable law of nature into a patent-eligible application of such a law." Patently-O provides a succinct summary: "The conclusion is that (1) a newly discovered law of nature is itself unpatentable and (2) the application of that newly discovered law is also normally unpatentable if the application merely relies upon elements already known in the art."
The court seemed to be aware of the impact its decision would have on the diagnostics industry, as it ended its decision by writing, "In consequence, we must hesitate before departing from established general legal rules lest a new protective rule that seems to suit the needs of one field produce unfore­seen results in another. And we must recognize the role of Congress in crafting more finely tailored rules where necessary... We need not determine here whether, from a policy perspective, increased protection for discov­eries of diagnostic laws of nature is desirable."
Reactions and aftermath.
The decision was controversial. Those opposed to it found the reasoning poor, the decision to be destabilizing of patent law, and expressed concern about long term effects on medicine. On the other hand, those in favor of the decision found it "a very high quality piece of legal craftsmanship" that "may well be the Supreme Court's finest work in the patent-eligibility field."
Kevin Noonan, a biotech patent lawyer and editor of the "Patent Docs" blog, criticized this decision and the Supreme Court broadly, for undermining precedent and the stability of patent law, thus broadly undermining the biotech industry. Noonan wrote: "It is also clear that the Court has little time for the specifics of patent law generally, not surprising from a Court who characterized obviousness law as "gobbledygook" not so many years ago." and also said "the Court also signaled its willingness to credit their theories of what drives and sustains innovation against the arguments, based on actual experience, from groups and individuals who have created companies and been involved in innovation in the biotechnology industry. And the Court seems equally ready to be influenced by the consumers of innovation, such as amicus the American Medical Association, who understandably wish to have the maximum freedom to have their patients benefit from new technology (and the minimum interference from patent holders who would reduce their opportunities to profit therefrom)."
Another commentator wrote: "The Court’s analysis creates a framework for patent eligibility in which almost any method claim can be invalidated" and "Reading the Court’s treatment of Prometheus’ claim, one would think that claims are some type of qualitative instruction manual, a recipe that speaks to “audiences” such as doctors, about which things are “relevant to their decision making.” Claims are no such thing: they are definitions that articulate a specific combination of steps or structures. They are objective in form and design, not subjective or advisory. The notion that the claims here “trust” doctors to “use those laws” is at best silly, and at worst badly misguided. Reducing the claim to this “instruction manual” allows the Court to analogize the claim to Einstein “telling linear accelerator operators about his basic law”—a low point in modern legal reasoning."
A representative of the biotech industry trade group, BIO, said, "We are troubled that the Court's opinion fails to appropriately recognize the importance of personalized medicine, and of the research and investment incentives needed to develop new individualized therapies for untreated diseases." Because the ruling applies to the thousands of diagnostic patents that have already issued and puts them at risk of being invalidated, investors in personalized medicine “may revisit the value proposition for investments already made and may curtail or redirect future investments in new projects," according to a patent attorney in the field.
On the other hand, Dr. Robert Wah, Chairman for the American Medical Association, said that the Supreme Court had "prevented irreparable harm to patient care with today's unanimous decision to invalidate two patents that gave Prometheus Laboratories exclusive rights over the body's natural responses to illness and medical treatment," and said that the decision was "a clear legal victory that ensures critical scientific data remain widely available for sound patient care and innovative medical research."
Another commentator, Professor Richard H. Stern, who teaches computer law at The George Washington University Law School, praised the decision because in it "the court for the first time agreed upon a full harmonisation of its prior and at times seemingly inconsistent judgments on patent-eligibility and how to determine it." In the same vein, this commentator praised the decision for reaffirming earlier precedents such as "O'Reilly v. Morse" and "Neilson v. Harford", which the lower court in the "Mayo" case had ignored or seemingly misunderstood.
The US Patent Office released preliminary guidelines for patent examiners in light of this case on March 21, 2012. On July 3, 2012 it issued a more substantial set of "interim guidelines" for "process claims in which a law of nature, natural phenomenon, or naturally occurring relation or correlation is a limiting element or step" that replaced the preliminary guidelines.

</doc>
<doc id="36620683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620683" title="Crash! (album)">
Crash! (album)

Crash! is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell with organist Brother Jack McDuff's Quartet recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars stating it is "easily recommended to fans of the jazz organ". 

</doc>
<doc id="36620694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620694" title="M. Zahrul Bin Azhar">
M. Zahrul Bin Azhar

M. Zahrul Bin Azhar (born September 5, 1982) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36620698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620698" title="Fosterchild">
Fosterchild

Fosterchild was a notable Canadian band that existed from 1976 to1981, releasing three albums.
History.
Membership History.
Fosterchild was formed in Calgary, Canada in 1976 by Jim Foster and Vern Wills, both of whom had first played together as teenagers. In 1976, the band was signed to CBS Records Canada at the initiative of producer Bob Gallo, then head of A&R for CBS Records Canada. 
The band's music was categorized as rock, with country influences, as opposed to country rock, with most of their material written or co-written by Foster and Wills. During their first recording contract, Foster and Wills were discouraged by Gallo from writing predominantly pop songs. 
The core membership of the band was Foster and Wills, on guitars and vocals, initially with Gordon Marr on guitar, Dwight Thompson on bass and Bob "Mickey" Mathews on drums. Gaye Delorme produced the band's first demos, at Edmonton's Sundown Recorders. Prior to recording the band's first album, Peter Sweetzir was added on keyboards, while Barry Boothman replaced Thompson on bass and Gerry Wand replaced Mathews on drums.
Recording and Touring History.
The band released three albums and had two nationally charting singles, "Until We Meet Again" and "I Need Somebody Tonight". The band's regular touring base was primarily western Canada. 
Fosterchild's first two albums, "Fosterchild" (1977) and "Troubled Child" (1978) were on Columbia Records, both recorded at Little Mountain Sound Studios in Vancouver, with Bob Gallo as producer. The "Fosterchild" album is notable as featuring renowned session drummer Larrie Londin, who had previously been a drummer in Elvis Presley's touring band and recordings. 
Gordon Marr left the band, following the release of their first album. In 1978, following the release of their second album, "Troubled Child", Doug Johnson was added on second keyboards for the band's tour in support of the album. However, record company interest in the band waned, and their cross-Canada tour was cut short. Their relationship with the CBS ended thereafter. Barry Boothman left the band at this point. Doug Johnson also did not continue with the group, beyond touring in support of "Troubled Child".
In 1979, the band signed with Vera Cruz Records, based in Edmonton, Canada, and released their third album, "On The Prowl" in 1980. The album was recorded by Foster, Wills (replacing Boothman on bass, as well as playing guitar), Sweetzir and Wand, assisted by Mavis McCauley, from One Horse Blue, on background vocals, and John Wesson on saxophone. They commenced touring with One Horse Blue, another Vera Cruz recording artist, but encountered similar tour interruptions due to financial issues with the record label.
Post Band Break-Up.
The band continued to perform until 1981. Foster then joined One Horse Blue, and in 1986 released a solo album "Powerlines". He wrote songs for One Horse Blue, Doug and the Slugs and Patricia Conroy. He also co-wrote songs with Murray McLauchlan, Rocko Vaugeois and Lynda Scott. In 2009, he released another solo album, "Lone Bird", on Quest Records. Wills co-wrote with Loverboy ("Lady of the 80's", co-written with Paul Dean, Mike Reno and Doug Johnson, from Loverboy's eponymous first album, 1980) and also contributed to the solo work of Jim Foster and Paul Dean. Wills continues to perform in Calgary. Doug Johnson became the keyboardist for Loverboy, as of the band's first album, in 1980. Sweetzir continued in music as the keyboardist for various artists, including Long John Baldry, Gaye Delorme and Aaron Pritchett.
Control of the band's name appears to have been lost, at least in the United States. The name "Fosterchild" is currently associated with a Philadelphia-based heavy metal band, active since 2005, and where the name appears to have been trademarked.

</doc>
<doc id="36620715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620715" title="Fajar Handika">
Fajar Handika

Fajar Handika (born on February 4, 1989) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36620726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620726" title="Terminal (Tunnels novel)">
Terminal (Tunnels novel)

Terminal is the sixth and final novel in the "Tunnels" series, published in UK on 6 May 2013.
Plot summary.
The book begins with Jiggs in the inner world discovering that Drake is still alive, but has been affected by the nuclear radiation from the explosion at the end of Spiral. He also finds the burnt body of Rebecca One lying near Drake. Jiggs rescues Drake and carries him to the Topsoil. At the same time, Elliott and Will are trapped in the inner world, in the destroyed city of New Germania. They meet three New Germanians who have survived the virus released in the inner world and, along with them and a Bushman called Woody, they go to explore one of the Pyramids from the jungle. Also, they find out that the Bushmen are part Styx (because they speak the Styx language at a much higher pitch). After they get into the Pyramid, something unexpected happens as Elliott touches a trident sign (like the ones that Dr. Burrows and Will found on their first exploration of the Pyramid). The Pyramid vanishes into thin air and an enormous tower appears out of nowhere in the jungle. Elliott senses that there is something missing from the tower, then she and Will find out that at the top of the tower there is a portal tp Topsoil, and so they teleport themselves to London.
Even if, in the inner world, the Phase has been stopped, in the Topsoil, things are completely different, after the UK has been isolated from the rest of the world and the Styx have put control over almost everything.
Meanwhile, Chester is Topsoil with Stephanie, Old Wilkie, and Parry. Still grieving over the deaths of his parents during Professor Danforth's betrayal in the previous book, he discovers that Parry is still allied with Danforth and the death of his parents was being part of a plan. He then runs away from the others with Martha (who suddenly appeared and told Chester that she has being following him for a long time, after she managed to tame some Brights who followed his scent).
Danforth is infiltrated within the Styx, but he soon finds out that, after he is no longer needed, he is sentenced to death by the Styx. He manages to save his life, taking prisoners Rebecca Two and her crush (Franz, the New Germanian driver).
Now that they are finally Topsoil, Will and Elliott go to the British Museum because Elliott feels that she might find something very important there. She proves to be right and she finds a sceptre emanating a blue glow. When she and Will want to get out of the museum, they find themselves surrounded by Armagi. A tank driven by Drake and Jiggs suddenly appears. Elliott is saved, but Will is caught by the Styx. Elliott senses that she has to go to St. Paul's Cathedral, as she somehow knows that by doing this she might put an end to the threat of the Armagi, who seem to be moving towards the rest of the world to conquer it.
While Elliott, Drake and Jiggs are inside St. Paul's, Parry, Danforth and his team are watching them from the buildings around. As Danforth goes towards St. Paul's, trying to get through the Armagi, he is surrounded by Chester, Stephanie and Martha. Chester tries to kill Danforth but he is stopped by Stephanie and Martha. He gets angry and says some rude words to Martha, who gets mad and kills him with her crossbow, then is elevated in the air and taken away by the Brights.
Elliott uses the sceptre and the dome of St. Paul's disappears just like the Pyramid from the inner world. Some Styx (including Rebecca Two and Alex) appear, carrying Will as a prisoner. Alex lays her eggs inside Will, in the view of everyone. As he tries to save Will, Drake gets shot and killed by two Limiters. Saving the situation, Elliott strikes the ground with the sceptre and all of the Armagi and Styx (including Elliott) get teleported inside the inner world, where they will all be killed by the virus, except for the vaccinated Elliott.
At the end of the book, Will finds himself inside a hospital in the inner world, reunited with his mother and with Bartleby, one of the original Bartleby's kittens, who resembles his father. Elliott, who was trapped inside the Tower from the inner world, puts the sceptre in its place in the tower and suddenly the earth starts to move and get away from the Solar System. It is revealed that the Earth is a huge spaceship sent on a mission and, because the sceptre was stolen, the spaceship remained blocked into the Solar system. Now that the sceptre is again in its place, Earth starts its journey again towards Home. The story ends with a twist, as Will finds out that he might have become a Styx, even though he had been operated on after Alex put the eggs inside him.

</doc>
<doc id="36620735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620735" title="László Csatáry">
László Csatáry

László Csatáry (4 March 1915 – 10 August 2013) was a Hungarian citizen and an alleged Nazi war criminal, convicted and sentenced to death "in absentia" in 1948 by a Czechoslovak court. In 2012, his name was added to the Simon Wiesenthal Center's list of most wanted Nazi war criminals.
Life.
Csatáry was born in Mány in 1915. In 1944 he was the Royal Hungarian Police assistant to the commander in the city of Kassa in Hungary (now Košice in Slovakia). He was accused of organizing the deportation of approximately 15,700 Jews to Auschwitz. He is also accused of having inhumanely exercised his authority in a forced labour camp. He is also accused of brutalizing the inhabitants of the city. He was convicted in absentia for war crimes in Czechoslovakia in 1948 and sentenced to death. He fled to Canada in 1949 claiming to be a Yugoslav national and settled in Montreal where he became an art dealer. He became a citizen in 1955. In 1997, his Canadian citizenship was revoked by the federal Cabinet for not giving enough information on his citizenship application. He left the country two months later but was never charged with war crimes in Canada. An extensive criminal reference check was done on him with no evidence of war crimes there.
In 2012, Csatáry was located in Budapest, Hungary, based on a tip received by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in September 2011. His address was exposed by reporters from "The Sun" in July 2012. He was reportedly taken into custody on 18 July 2012 by the Hungarian authorities for questioning. On 30 July 2012, Slovak Justice Minister Tomáš Borec announced that Slovakia is ready to prosecute against Csatáry and asked Hungary to extradite him.
A file that the Simon Wiesenthal Center had prepared on Csatáry implicated him in the deportation of 300 people from Kassa in 1941. In August 2012 the Budapest Prosecutor’s Office dropped these charges, saying Csatáry was not in Kassa at the time and lacked the rank to organize the transports. In January 2013 it was reported that Slovak police had found a witness to corroborate other charges relating to deportations of 15,700 Jews from Kassa from May 1944.
Czechoslovakia had abolished death penalty in 1990. Accordingly, on 28 March 2013, Slovak County Court in Košice changed the 1948 verdict in Csatáry's case from death penalty to the life imprisonment in order to make it executable.
War-crimes indictment.
On 18 June 2013, prosecutors in Hungary indicted Csatáry with war crimes, saying he had abused Jews and helped to deport Jews to Auschwitz in World War II. A spokesperson for the Budapest Chief Prosecutor's Office said, "He is charged with the unlawful execution and torture of people, (thus) committing war crimes partly as a perpetrator, partly as an accomplice." His trial could start within three months. The Budapest higher court suspended his case on 8 July 2013, however, because "Csatáry had already been sentenced for the crimes included in the proceedings, in former Czechoslovakia in 1948". The court also added that it is necessary to examine the 1948 death sentence how could be applied to the Hungarian legal practice.
Reaction.
Efraim Zuroff, director of the Simon Wiesenthal Center, said about his finding:
Yishayahu Schachar, Jewish survivor who encountered Csatáry, said:
László Karsai, a Hungarian Holocaust historian and the son of a Holocaust survivor, said:
Death.
Csatáry died on August 10, 2013 from pneumonia at a hospital in Budapest aged 98. According to daily "Bors", Csatáry had been hospitalized for a long time, where he caught pneumonia.
Efraim Zuroff, director of the The Simon Wiesenthal Center stated that he was "deeply disappointed" that Csatáry had died before facing trial.

</doc>
<doc id="36620737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620737" title="Biniguy, New South Wales">
Biniguy, New South Wales

Biniguy is a village in Moree Plains Shire of New South Wales in Australia. At the 2006 census the village and surrounding area had a population of 270 The village is located on the Gwydir Highway approximately from Moree, the main service centre for the region and by road from the state capital Sydney. The village is prone to seasonal flooding; in February 2012 the entire village was evacuated by helicopter to Moree
A railway station was opened on 1 February 1900 with the first section of the Inverell branch, and operated until 3 December 1985, following the withdrawal of passenger trains on the line. The railway line was progressively closed, with the last section between Moree and Biniguy being listed as out of use in 1994. Today Biniguy is served by three weekly NSW TrainLink coach services each to Grafton (connecting with XPT train services to and from Brisbane and Sydney) and Moree on alternating days (excluding Sundays). The village formerly had its own post office, general store and public school, however these facilities closed during the 1960s and 70s, with most community services now being provided in Moree.
The main employment industry in Biniguy is agriculture. There is a silo site operated by GrainCorp for the receiving and storage of grain located in the town, although this site was announced subject to closure in 2006 As of 2010, the silo is still operating and included in GrainCorp's network of receiving sites. The Trawalla Pecan Farm was established in 1965. It is operated by Stahmann Farms and is the largest pecan farm in the Southern Hemisphere, located on the banks of the Gwydir River, a few kilometres to the west of Biniguy.

</doc>
<doc id="36620739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620739" title="Frederick M. Crunden">
Frederick M. Crunden

Frederick Morgan Crunden (September 1, 1847 - October 28, 1911) was the head librarian of the St. Louis Public Library in St. Louis, Missouri, from 1877 to 1909 and the President of the American Library Association in 1889-1890.

</doc>
<doc id="36620749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620749" title="Pawira Putra">
Pawira Putra

Pawira Putra (born on April 27, 1989 in Pelalawan Regency) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36620755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620755" title="Dennis Avery">
Dennis Avery

Dennis Avery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36620756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620756" title="The Mercado Campesino">
The Mercado Campesino

The Mercado Campesino is the largest market place in Sucre, Bolivia. It has been operating for 26 years and continues to expand with the popularity of market culture in Bolivia. The name of the market, in Spanish, literally means 'market of the people from the countryside'. This is because many of the products are grown or manufactured outside of the city. The market is also the most common place for country or indigenous people to conduct their business in Sucre. With a population of 300,000, approximately 20 000 people from Sucre work in association with the Marcardo Campicino each day. The majority of the market operates out of lightly constructed, semi mobile and mobile stalls that sit directly on the street. Some vendors operate out of backpacks and suitcases. Despite being outside the central area of town, the Marcardo Campacino is visited more than any other location in Sucre. Market traffic varies during the week. Saturdays are the most popular. On the weekend it is common for family members to visit the market together as a form of leisure.
Each year tourism grows in Sucre, but the Marcardo Campicino remains almost exclusive to working class locals.

</doc>
<doc id="36620771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620771" title="Tombos (Nubia)">
Tombos (Nubia)

Tombos is an archaeological site in Northern Sudan. The village of Tombos was located at the third cataract of the Nile, not far from Kerma near the present Karmah. An important granite quarry was located here in the Pharaonic era. Its stone was used mostly to build statues and buildings between the river delta and the southern regions of the kingdom. A statue to the Pharaoh Taharqa, abandoned for over 2700 years, contains inscriptions. About 3000 years ago, there were pyramids dedicated to ten noble Egyptians. 
In 2000, several discoveries were made by the archaeologist, Professor Stuart Tyson Smith of the University of California, Santa Barbara. Smith and his team discovered the remains of a pyramid more than 3,500 years old, and the buried remains of an Egyptian colonial administrator named Siamun and his wife, Wernu. The two mummies were intact, and were buried with Ushabti figurines, a boomerang, and painted Mycenaean terracotta. The burial chamber includes a series of rooms, some plundered by thieves, while others were undisturbed in whole or in part. Also, an epigraphic survey by the British Museum uncovered pharaonic rock-inscriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="36620783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620783" title="Susanto (footballer)">
Susanto (footballer)

Susanto (born on August 21, 1987) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36620817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620817" title="Michael Orah">
Michael Orah

Michael Orah (born on July 3, 1985) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persepam Madura United in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36620821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620821" title="Zhongguan, Hebei">
Zhongguan, Hebei

Zhongguan () is a town of Longhua County in northeastern Hebei province, China, about due north of Chengde city proper. , it has 10 villages under its administration.

</doc>
<doc id="36620828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620828" title="Soul Call (Kenny Burrell album)">
Soul Call (Kenny Burrell album)

Soul Call is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars with the review by Scott Yanow stating, "The music is melodic and boppish, although no real surprises occur. By this time, Burrell was a very respectful player, upholding the tradition rather than offering any real innovations".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Kenny Burrell except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36620832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620832" title="Marjorie Silverman">
Marjorie Silverman

Dr. Marjorie Silverman is a Psychologist and former Dean of Barnard College in New York. Her most recent venture is Strategic@50, a membership organization that seeks to change the career landscape for professional women over 50.
Career.
Silverman began her career at Barnard College in 1980. In recent positions as Associate Dean of the College (2004-2009), Dean for Student Development (1999-2009), and Adjunct Professor of Psychology (2009–present), she has been instrumental in creating and overseeing a range of programs for students and faculty. Her initiatives include:
Additionally, Silverman has produced and developed a series of documentary films on the multicultural experience at Barnard: "About Face" (1995), "Indivisible" (1996), and "Oyeme" (1997).
Silverman presented her paper, "Implications of Academic Leave Policies on Vulnerable Students: A Social Class Perspective," 
at The Student Affairs Conference at New York University, "Agents of Change: Cultivating a Climate of Social Justice", on February 15, 2013. 
Silverman is an active philanthropist, advocating for arts and educational opportunities. She currently sits on the Boards of the George Jackson Academy, where she is Vice-Chairman, and the New York Foundation for the Arts. She is a member of the Advisory Committee on New Initiatives at Young Audiences, and has been influential in developing curricula at the The Lab School at Columbia University and the Horace Mann School, where she was also the Vice-Chairman of the Board of Trustees (1987-2001).
Strategic@50.
Strategic@50 is a social business that creates opportunities in the global workplace for exceptional professional career women, ages 50+, through its programs and advisory services. The concept was developed to respond to the reality that traditional jobs are contracting for women over 50. Strategic@50 educates, advises and promotes global opportunities for women. The business was co-founded with Donna Redel.
Education.
Silverman attended New York University (B.S. 1972; M.A. 1973), Teachers College (Ed.M. 1976), Columbia University (M.Phil. 1979; Ph.D. 1980), and the Ackerman Institute for Family Therapy.

</doc>
<doc id="36620836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620836" title="Mizoram Football Association">
Mizoram Football Association

Mizoram Football Association (MFA) is the state governing body of football in Mizoram, India. It is affiliated with the All India Football Federation, the national governing body.
The MFA's premier competition is the Mizoram Premier League.
History.
Mizoram Football enthusiasts started Aizawl Sport Association in 1945. It was re-established again in 1956 under leadership of Sangliana. After 1972, the name was changed from Aizawl Sport Association to Mizoram Sports Association. After 1973, Football started as a separate unit and took the name Mizoram Football Association.
Office Bearers.
2011 Mizoram Football Association Office Bearers Executive Committee Members are:

</doc>
<doc id="36620837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620837" title="California Historical Landmarks in Kern County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in Kern County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within KernCounty, California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36620884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620884" title="Tom Kummer">
Tom Kummer

Tom Kummer (born January 14, 1963) is a Swiss journalist who published numerous fabricated celebrity profiles in Germany and Switzerland. Kummer never even met his subjects. His primary publisher, "Süddeutsche Zeitung" issued a public apology for running Kummer's stories, calling them "a betrayal of monumental proportions". His work was also published in "Der Spiegel", "Stern", the "Tagesanzeiger", the "Berner Zeitung", and the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung". Because of the timespan in which his bogus reporting appeared in print, he has earned comparisons to Jayson Blair and Stephen Glass.
Celebrities profiled.
Tom Kummer published fake interviews with the following celebrities:
Style.
In his profile of Mike Tyson, Kummer quotes the boxer talking about eating cockroaches with bread in prison in order to get more protein. Sharon Stone confesses her sexual fantasies to Kummer, and she expresses a desire to "irritate men from wholly different classes of society". In Kummer's profile of Kim Basinger, she reveals that she gave Alec Baldwin see-through underwear.
Courtney Love describes herself as "depressed, empty, and stupid." She also says, "There are seagulls on the Riviera, slurping ice-cooled gin and tonics," and, "Minotauruses are eating the genitals of the moon." Kummer has Brad Pitt saying, "sometimes, something will be hanging out of my nose for days." Bruce Willis tells Kummer, "I understood pretty early on that we do not advance through morality, but immorality, vices, cynicism."
Kummer was fond of injecting references to other writers in his profiles, often by having a celebrity quote an author. He discusses "Neuromancer" with Pamela Anderson. He has Sean Penn quote Kierkegaard and Mike Tyson quote Nietzsche.
Discovery.
"Marie Claire" sought out Kummer for an interview at the height of his success. He told the magazine that his secret was to demand no less than 45 minutes with his subject. According to Katie Roiphe, "What eventually betrayed was his inability to be banal, his desire to put ideas into people's mouths that they would never actually utter."
Holger Hoetzel, a journalist with "Focus" magazine, uncovered Kummer's fraud. Hoetzel was suspicious of Kummer's access to such famous celebrities, and along with many of his foreign correspondent colleagues, he was being hounded by his editors to match Kummer's efforts. One reporter claimed, "Our editors were ringing up and saying, Why can't you go fishing with Bruce Willis, riding with Robert Redford and playing golf with Kevin Costner?"
Kummer's profile of Courtney Love, in particular, struck Hoetzel as too outlandish to be true. "That did it for me. We all know Courtney Love is far out, but this was something else. This woman has been so controlling about all press and all interviews were conducted under extremely restrictive circumstances. And yet this guy seemed to have this incredible access." Hoetzel translated Kummer's profile of Love and sent it to her publicist, which began the cascade of denials from publicists who insisted their clients had never even met Kummer.
One of the chief editors of "Süddeutsche Zeitung", Christian Kaemmerling, said the paper began to suspect Kummer's work was false in 1999. They also discovered that Kummer had been fired for writing a fabricated story in another paper in 1990. Kammerling and his colleague Ulf Poschardt were both fired for publishing Kummer's hoaxes. Claus Lutterbeck, one of the foreign correspondents who was also being pressured to match Kummer's success, explained how such an elaborate and sustained fraud could happen among the foreign press in Hollywood. "The problem is that no one, not even our bosses, knows how Hollywood really works. They don't know how hard it is to get any access at all. They think we spend our time at cocktail parties with movie stars. So someone like Kummer can come along and they have no control over him."
Aftermath.
Kummer has maintained a largely unapologetic stance about his fraud. He has referred to his work as "montage reporting" from "the school of borderline reporting", where his goal was simply to entertain the reader, knowing full well that celebrities would never provide such interesting material. He told the "Berner Zeitung", "Interviews are an art form. Only people in Switzerland still believe that they have to be true word for word." "SZ-Magazin", the Friday section of Süddeutsche Zeitung where his profiles appeared would frequently feature satirical articles and graphics. Even some of his publishers came to his defense. The "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung" went on record as dismissing the celebrity profile genre as "tedious", concluding: "No exclusive interviews blossom behind the hedges of Malibu, and the people who live there are paying a lot of money to make sure things stay that way." In the preface for a 1997 compilation of Kummer's interviews, Ulf Poschardt actually outlines Kummer's gonzo journalism as a "stylistic honing during the transcription of the tapes", where Kummer "decided to add his authorship into the framework of classical journalism, to inject it with fun and intelligence, taking no prisoners."
Kummer is the subject of a 2011 documentary called "Bad Boy Kummer" by Miklós Gimes.

</doc>
<doc id="36620886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620886" title="Victory Yendra">
Victory Yendra

Victory Yendra (born on September 10, 1989 in Kuantan Singingi Regency) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSPS Pekanbaru in the Indonesia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36620941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620941" title="Zhongguan, Jiangxi">
Zhongguan, Jiangxi

Zhongguan () is a town in the east of Duchang County in northern Jiangxi province, China, located from the county seat and just south of G56 Hangzhou–Ruili Expressway. , it has 1 residential community (社区) and 8 villages under its administration. It has a population of 19,000 residing in an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="36620947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620947" title="Cory Burns">
Cory Burns

Cory Wade Burns (born October 9, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Tampa Bay Rays organization.
Professional career.
Burns was drafted by the Cleveland Indians in the eighth round of the 2009 Major League Baseball Draft out of the University of Arizona. Burns was traded to the San Diego Padres on December 16, 2011 for Aaron Cunningham.
Burns was called up to the majors for the first time on August 3, 2012. Burns was sent down to the Tucson Padres on August 5. Burns was recalled on August 11 when Huston Street was placed on the disabled list. Burns was acquired by the Texas Rangers on November 28, 2012. He was claimed off waivers by the Tampa Bay Rays on June 30, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36620949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620949" title="Municipality of Ribnica">
Municipality of Ribnica

The Municipality of Ribnica is a municipality in southern Slovenia. The seat of the municipality is the town of Ribnica. It is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia statistical region. Archaeological evidence shows that the area has been settled at least since the late Bronze Age between 1300 and 900 BC.
Notable people.
Notable people that were born or lived in the Municipality of Ribnica include:

</doc>
<doc id="36620956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620956" title="Subhakankshalu">
Subhakankshalu

Shubhakankshalu is a 1997 Telugu film directed by Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao.The film stars Jagapati Babu, Ravali and Raasi in the lead roles. It is a remake version of 1996 Tamil movie "Poove Unakkaga".

</doc>
<doc id="36620963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36620963" title="Cornelia Butler">
Cornelia Butler

Cornelia H. "Connie" Butler (born 1 February 1963) is an American museum curator. She is currently Chief Curator at the Hammer Museum in Los Angeles. From 2006-2013, she served as the Chief Curator of Drawings at Museum of Modern Art (New York City). Prior to that, she was a curator at the Museum of Contemporary Art (1996-2005; Los Angeles). Butler also held curatorial positions at the Neuberger Museum of Art (Purchase, New York), Artists Space (New York), and the Des Moines Arts Center (Iowa). Her multimedia exhibition, "WACK! Art and the Feminist Revolution" dealt with international feminist art of the 1970s. Butler is a 1980 graduate of Marlborough School, and a 1984 graduate of Scripps College.

</doc>
<doc id="36621008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621008" title="William Butler (1544–77)">
William Butler (1544–77)

William Butler (1544-1577), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Queenborough in 1572.

</doc>
<doc id="36621015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621015" title="Ohio gubernatorial election, 2014">
Ohio gubernatorial election, 2014

The 2014 Ohio gubernatorial election will take place on November 4, 2014, to elect the governor of Ohio. Incumbent Republican Governor John Kasich is running for reelection to a second term in office, facing opposition from Democratic candidate Ed FitzGerald and Green Party candidate Anita Rios. Primary elections were held on May 6, 2014.
Background.
John Kasich, who was elected with Tea Party support in 2010, has faced a considerable backlash from the movement. His decision to accept the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act's expansion of Medicaid, his increased spending, taxation of fracking on Ohio farmland and his perceived failure to go far enough on charter schools and school vouchers have seen Tea Party groups refuse to support his reelection campaign. When Kasich passed over Tea Party leader Tom Zawistowski for the position of Executive Director of the Ohio Republican Party in favor of Matt Borges, who worked with a gay rights group, that was seen as the final straw. Tea Party groups have announced that they will support a primary challenger, or, if none emerges, the Libertarian nominee. Zawistowski said, "John Kasich is going to lose in 2014. We don’t care who else wins." Kasich was unopposed in the Republican primary. He faces Cuyahoga County Executive Ed FitzGerald, who won the Democratic primary with 83% of the vote, in November.
Libertarian primary.
Charlie Earl gathered enough valid signatures to obtain ballot access. However, he was barred from the ballot because of technical faults in the signatures collected. The decision is being appealed in federal court.
General election.
Campaign.
FitzGerald has released a plan for state-funded universal preschool in addition to announcing his support for gay marriage. He has criticized Kasich for signing into law income tax cuts that save larger sums of money for wealthier Ohioans than poorer ones, while increasing sales taxes, which tax a larger percentage of income from poorer Ohioans than from wealthier ones. FitzGerald has also chided Kasich for a lack of transparency at JobsOhio, the privatized economic development agency that Kasich formed, and for signing into law bills that cut early voting days and limit the distribution of absentee ballot applications.

</doc>
<doc id="36621031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621031" title="Turtle Rock Preschool">
Turtle Rock Preschool

Turtle Rock Preschool (TRP) is a private preschool, kindergarten and after school academy located in the city of Irvine, California. Established in 1979, the campus is situated on an acre of land in the southwestern portion of the city, in the residential village of Turtle Rock, near the University of California, Irvine (UCI). The school is locally owned and family operated. 
The school was the first in Irvine to attain accreditation by the National Association for the Education of Young Children, and one of the first schools nationally to accomplish this recognition.

</doc>
<doc id="36621032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621032" title="Aples Tecuari">
Aples Tecuari

Aples G. Tecuari (born on April 21, 1973) is an Indonesian footballer who previously played as a defender for PSPS Pekanbaru and the Indonesia national team.
International career.
In 1996 Aples's international career began.

</doc>
<doc id="36621048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621048" title="William Boteler (died 1602)">
William Boteler (died 1602)

William Boteler (ca. 15401602), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Lyme Regis 1563 and Bedford 1586.

</doc>
<doc id="36621050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621050" title="The Castlereagh (Gilgandra)">
The Castlereagh (Gilgandra)

The Castlereagh, also published as "The Gilgandra Weekly and Castlereagh" and "The Gilgandra Weekly", was the first newspaper published in Gilgandra, New South Wales, Australia. It was an English language paper, published weekly in broadsheet format.
Early history.
The first issue of the newspaper ("The Castlereagh Vol. 1 – No. 1") was published on Friday, 13 January 1905, following its establishment in December 1904. The paper's first publishers were John Alfred Porter and Thomas Crouch.
The "Back to Gilgandra – Souvenir Booklet" states that "The Castlereagh" was produced as a four-page weekly, but the first issue of the newspaper was 12 pages long. The last digitised issue of the paperm which is available via Trove, is Vol. 3 – No. 51, and was published on Friday, 20 December 1907. It was 17 pages long and included a four-page Christmas supplement. By this stage, the masthead bore the subtitle "Circulating throughout Gilgandra, Curban, Collie, Gular, Armatree, Tooraweenah, Balladoran & Mundooran Districts".
J.Foley.
According to the authors of "Back to Gilgandra – Souvenir Booklet" September 20–26, 1937, on 11 May 1906, P.J. MacManus and J. Foley, formerly of the "Orange Leader," assumed control of "The Castlereagh". Later, Foley disposed of his interests.
Rival paper.
A rival newspaper, "The Castlereagh Liberal", was established in 1910 by the Farmers and Settlers Association, under the management of P.J. Donelly, who was later succeeded by A.E. Perkins. "The Castlereagh Liberal" was printed for approximately one year before commercial pressures forced its owners to sell. In 1911, the plant and goodwill were sold to the editor A.E. Perkins, who continued to print a paper under "The Castlereagh Liberal" masthead.
Gilgandra Weekly.
In October 1915, the masthead changed to "Gilgandra Weekly", with a short note underneath reading, "with which is incorporated 'The Castlereagh Liberal'". The volume and issue numbers continued in sequence from those first published on "The Liberal".
In 1921, the "Gilgandra Weekly" was purchased by H.E.O. (Harold) Campbell, who began his career as an apprentice on the "Gilgandra Weekly" in 1914, and went on to own many regional newspapers.
P.J. MacManus.
In 1925, "The Castlereagh" was purchased from P.J. MacManus by Harold Campbell. Between 1925 and 1929, the "Gilgandra Weekly" and "The Castlereagh" were both printed, with "The Castlereagh" providing more hard news content, while the "Gilgandra Weekly" became more like a tabloid newspaper in content. In November 1929, the titles were amalgamated and produced under the combined masthead of "The Gilgandra Weekly and Castlereagh". "The Castlereagh" tag was dropped in the 1940s, and the paper became known as "The Gilgandra Weekly".
Digitisation.
Issues of "The Castlereagh", "The Gilgandra Weekly and Castlereagh", and "The Gilgandra Weekly" have all been digitised as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation Program (ANDP) of the National Library of Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36621088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621088" title="Robert Howden (MP)">
Robert Howden (MP)

Robert Howden (died ca. 1397), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Nottingham in May 1382, February 1383 and 1386.

</doc>
<doc id="36621108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621108" title="Robert German (MP)">
Robert German (MP)

Robert German (died 1402), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Nottingham from 1377 to 1397.

</doc>
<doc id="36621115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621115" title="Sitka Seaplane Base">
Sitka Seaplane Base

Sitka Seaplane Base is a public use seaplane base owned by and located in Sitka, a city and borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "general aviation" facility. This seaplane base is located near the Sitka Rocky Gutierrez Airport.
As per Federal Aviation Administration records, the airport had 32 passenger boardings (enplanements) in calendar year 2008, 22 enplanements in 2009, and 41 in 2010.
Facilities and aircraft.
Sitka Seaplane Base has one seaplane landing area designated NW/SE with a water surface measuring 4,000 by 200 feet (1,219 x 61 m). It is located on the Sitka Channel, between Japonski Island and Baranof Island.
For the 12-month period ending December 31, 2006, the airport had 4,750 aircraft operations, an average of 13 per day: 84% air taxi and 16% general aviation. At that time there were 9 aircraft based at this airport, all single-engine.
Airline and destinations.
The following airline offers scheduled passenger service to Sitka from Port Alexander, which is subsidized by the United States Department of Transportation via the Essential Air Service program.

</doc>
<doc id="36621116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621116" title="Frank Gerstle">
Frank Gerstle

Francis M. Gerstle (September 27, 1915 – February 23, 1970) was an American actor, well known for his performances in a series of science-fiction films.

</doc>
<doc id="36621121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621121" title="Janelle Wang">
Janelle Wang

Janelle Wang is an American journalist currently with NBC Bay Area KNTV in the San Francisco Bay Area. She anchors the 5 PM news on weeknights and also reports on NBC Bay Area news at 6 PM.
Previously, Wang was anchoring and reporting at KGO-TV ABC7. While there, she and "Good Morning America" alumnus Spencer Christian co-hosted the "The View from the Bay" during its entire four-year run.
In addition to her contributions for local TV, her work has appeared on multiple national television outlets, including ABC News, NBC Nightly News, and CNN.
In 2009, she was chosen to fill in for Kelly Ripa and co-host with Regis Philbin on "Live with Regis and Kelly".
Education.
Wang graduated from the University of California, San Diego, where she studied communications and economics.
Professional career.
Currently, Wang anchors the 5 PM news on weeknights with co-anchor Raj Mathai, and also reports on global issues on NBC Bay Area news at 6 PM.
She recently traveled to Sochi, Russia to cover the 2014 Winter Olympics.
She has also reported on a variety of notable news events throughout her career, including:
Her daily trial notes from inside the courtroom of the Scott Peterson murder trial were posted online and read by people as far away as South America and Europe.
Career History.
Wang joined the team at NBC Bay Area in July 2011 after spending eight years with KGO. She joined KNTV at the same time as Jon Kelley, and in a press release announcing the addition of the two journalists, Jonathan Mitchell, vice president of news for NBC Bay Area, stated, "We're very happy to add these two strong, experienced journalists to our newsroom. They join an award winning team that is dedicated to producing the deepest, most thorough newscasts in the Bay Area."
Prior to joining KNTV, Wang was anchoring and reporting at ABC7 in San Francisco. She also hosted ABC7's daytime talk show "The View from the Bay". It was the first local program to be streamed live on the internet each day at viewfromthebay.com. She also co-hosted the show "Everyday Living" on the Live Well HD Network, which aired in 11 cities around the country including San Francisco, Los Angeles, New York City, Chicago, and Boston. She had been with KGO since February 2003.
According to her official website bio,
During her time (at KGO), she hosted "The View from the Bay" for its entire 4 year run. She was nominated for multiple Emmys for her work on the "live" one hour, daily talk show. Guests included Oprah, Joan Rivers, and the cast of Twilight, as well as political figures like Presidents Jimmy Carter and Barack Obama, and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. She even cooked with world famous chefs including Curtis Stone, Hubert Keller, and Martin Yan. Wang's popularity and viewer appeal landed her a co-hosting spot with Regis Philbin on "Live with Regis and Kelly".
Before returning to the Bay Area (Wang is a native of the Bay Area), Wang worked in cities up and down the West Coast. She began her career in Medford, Oregon, where she wrote scripts on a typewriter. She also worked in Salinas, California and Portland, Oregon.
During her career, she has gained experience as an anchor, reporter, talk show host, producer, photographer, editor, and weather forecaster.
Personal life.
In addition to being an avid San Francisco Giants and San Francisco 49ers fan, she enjoys working within the Asian community and is fluent in Mandarin Chinese.
Wang has also trained at "Voicetrax", one of the nation’s premier voice over academies.

</doc>
<doc id="36621135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621135" title="David Dallin">
David Dallin

David J. Dallin (1889 – February 21, 1962) was a one-time Menshevik leader and later a writer and lecturer on Soviet affairs, who helped Victor Kravchenko defect in the 1940s.
Youth.
Dallin was born in Rogachev, White Russia, in 1889.
He studied at the University of St. Petersburg from 1907 to 1909, when he faced arrest and imprisonment for anti-tsarist political activity. After two years of imprisonment, he fled Russia to German. He studied at the University of Berlin and obtained his doctorate in Economics from the University of Heidelberg in 1913.
Career.
Menshevik Politician.
Following the February Revolution of 1917, Dallin returned to Russia. He won election to the central committee of the Menshevik group of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party and represented the group on the Moscow City Soviet from 1918 to 1921. The Bolsheviks arrested him a first time in 1920, and he avoided a second arrest in 1922 by fleeing back to Germany. He stayed in Germany until the Nazis forced him to leave in 1935, when he settled in Poland. He stayed in Poland until the outbreak of World War II in 1939, when he moved to the United States.
Kravchenko affair.
Through a friend of his wife Lilia, Dallin came to welcome Victor Kravchenko in their home in New York in January 1944. The next day, Kravchenko revealed his wish to defect from the Soviet embassy. Dallin encouraged Kravchenko to defect. He approached the former U.S. ambassador to Russia, William C. Bullitt, whom he had known in Moscow, for advice. (Bullitt had also been involved with another Soviet defector, Walter Krivitsky.) Bullitt called Attorney General Francis Biddle and then extricated himself from the matter. Biddle brought in the FBI. In March, Dallin met Kravchenko in Pennsylvania, where the latter had an official trip. Dallin advised Kravchenko about his contact with the FBI. Kravchenko followed his advice and contacted the FBI, who interviewed him three times in Washington before the end of the month. Dallin and his wife then met Kravchenko when he arrived in New York again in April as a defector. Dallin advised Kravchenko to tell his story to the "New York Times" as soon as possible: Kravchenko began drafting his story that first night. The next day, Dallin brought "New York Times" labor journalist Joseph Shaplen to meet Kravchenko. When Shaplen and Kravchenko did not get along, Dallin turned to a former United Press correspondent to Moscow, Eugene Lyons, by then editor of "The American Mercury". He also introduced him to Isaac Don Levine and Max Eastman. (Levine had been Krivitsky's co-writer of the memoir "In Stalin's Secret Service".) Lyons, Levine, and Eastman would form the core group of co-writers and co-editors of Kravchenko's best-selling memoir, "I Chose Freedom"; Dallin would form part of a second tier of supporters.
New Leader.
Dallin joined the staff of the left-wing anti-communist magazine, "The New Leader" in New York, where he worked for nearly twenty years. (Founded in 1924 by the Socialist Party of America, "The New Leader" had come under executive editor Samuel Levitas, a Russian Menshevik, after which the magazine left the SPA but remained left.) He wrote numerous books and newspaper and magazine articles on economic and political subjects, particularly Soviet affairs. 
Dallin also was a visiting professor of political science at the University of Pennsylvania.
Personal life.
Family.
Earlier in life, Dallin married a woman named Eugenia. In New York, he left Eugenia and lived with Lilia Ginzberg Estrin before marrying her by 1944 (when she became known as Lilia Estrin Dallin), when the Dallins became involved in Kravchenko's defection.
Dallin and Eugenia had a son, Alexander Dallin, born overseas, who later became a prominent academic expert in Soviet studies.
Death.
Dallin died in New York in 1962. He was survived by his second wife and son.
Impact.
As American historian John Earl Haynes, Jr., has written: Dallin and Boris Nicolaevsky's 1947 "Forced Labor in Soviet Russia" (New Haven: Yale University Press) had been a pioneering study of the Soviet labor camp system, well received in the academic world at the time, but again in 1960s it was retroactivley discredited among most American scholars due to its use of defector testimony and Dallin’s Menshevick origins. Indeed, Dallin and Nicolaevsky's 1947 book was so thorough erased from American academic memory that the appearance of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn's "The Gulag Archipelago" in the mid-1970s came as a unexpected shock. However, New Left academics had come to dismiss Dallin’s works by the mid-1960s due to his citations of testimony from defectors and exiles plus congressional and FBI investigations, all seen as anti-communist. "Such evidence was increasingly distrusted, and Dallin’s Menshevik past was taken as reason for skepticism as well," Haynes has noted.

</doc>
<doc id="36621160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621160" title="Kawaauhau v. Geiger">
Kawaauhau v. Geiger

Kawaauhau v. Geiger, , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court ruled that debt arising from a medical malpractice judgment, attributable to negligent or reckless conduct is dischargeable under the Bankruptcy Code. Arguments were heard on January 21, 1998, and the case was decided on March 3 of the same year.
Background.
Margaret Kawaauhau sought treatment from Dr. Paul Geiger for an injured foot, and he hospitalized her for fear of infection. Even though he knew intravenous penicillin would be more effective in warding off infection, he gave he oral penicillin instead, realizing she was trying to cut down on her medical costs. Afterwards, Dr. Geiger left Kawaauhau in the care of other physicians at the hospital he worked at while he went off on a business trip. The physicians decided she should be transferred to a specialist for infections. However, before that could be arranged, Dr. Geiger returned, and not only did he cancel such a transfer, he ended the antibiotics treatments, believing the infection had passed.
Over time, Kawaauhau's condition worsened and her entire leg had to be amputated below the knee. She and her husband sued Dr. Geiger for malpractice in federal district court, won, and were awarded $355,000 by the jury. Geiger had no malpractice insurance, and in an attempt to avoid paying the settlement, he moved to Missouri. His wages were then garnished by the Kawaauhaus, and Geiger subsequently filed for bankruptcy.
The Kawaauhaus asked the bankruptcy court to hold Geiger's settlement debts non-dischargeable, which it did. Dr. Geiger appealed to the Eighth Circuit Court, which overturned the bankruptcy court's decision, saying the Bankruptcy Code's discharge exception of debts caused through "willful and malicious injury by the debtor to another" did not apply in this case because the injury was unintentional. The Kawaauhaus appealed to the Supreme Court.
Opinion of the Court.
In a unanimous decision delivered by Justice Ginsburg, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of Dr. Geiger, saying unintentional malpractice torts were dischargeable by bankruptcy (that this instance did not fall under the exception provided for in §523(a)(6)), and thus upheld the decision of the Eighth Circuit Court.

</doc>
<doc id="36621165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621165" title="Edenville Dam">
Edenville Dam

Edenville Dam is a dam in Gladwin County, Michigan, about one mile north of Edenville. The dam lies mostly in the southeast corner of Tobacco Township in Gladwin County, but its most southeastern end reaches into the northeastern corner of Edenville Township in Midland County.
The earthen gravity dam was completed in 1925 for hydroelectric power and for flood control. The height is 54 feet, the length is at its crest, and it impounds both the Tittabawassee River and its tributary the Tobacco River. The dam is privately owned and operated by Hydro Power, a company based in Edenville, which also owns three other hydroelectric facilities on the Tittabawassee: the Secord, Smallwood, and Sanford Dams.
The reservoir it creates, Lake Wixom, has a normal surface area of 5.7 square miles, a shoreline of more than 84 miles, a maximum capacity of , and a normal capacity of . Unusually for its size, Lake Wixom boasts a lighthouse.

</doc>
<doc id="36621170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621170" title="Eko Purjianto">
Eko Purjianto

Eko Purjianto (born on February 1, 1976) is an Indonesian footballer who previously played as a defender for PSPS Pekanbaru and the Indonesia national team.
International career.
In 1999 Eko's international career began. He finished his international career on 27 May 2001 against China in the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification.

</doc>
<doc id="36621176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621176" title="Seonamsa">
Seonamsa

Seonam Temple, or Seonamsa, is a Korean Buddhist temple on the eastern slope at the west end of Mount Jogye (Jogyesan) Provincial Park, within the northern Seungjumyeon District of the city of Suncheon, Jeollanamdo Province, South Korea. It belongs to the Taego Order.
The name "Seonam" (‘Heavenly Rock’ or ‘Immortal's Rock’) is derived from the legend that a heavenly being once played the game of Go here.
About 1 km (.62 mi) from the entrance towards the main temple grounds, two rainbow shaped bridges appear; the second larger one being Seungseon Bridge. Just beyond Seungseon Bridge is Gangseon Pavilion. Past the pavilion, the small oval-shape pond called Samindang comes into site. Inside the pond is a small islet with an evergreen, creating an attractive setting.
Going further on the Ilju Gate appears, beyond which the various temple buildings emerge. The large timbers of the main temple buildings are impressive, blending elegantly with the surrounding Jogye mountains and harmonizing with the nature surrounding them.
A hiking trail to the left of Seonam Temple leads to Maaebuli, a 17m (56 ft) high sculpture engraved on a rock. Seonamsa is beautiful throughout the year, especially in the spring when all the flowers are in bloom, as well as in the fall with all the autumn colors.
With 19 National Cultural Properties in its halls and museum, there are few Korean Buddhist temples with more treasures than Seonamsa.
History.
Legend states that in 529 CE missionary-monk Ado (阿道) built a hermitage at this site on the eastern slope of Jogyesan and named it Biroam (비로암 / 毘盧庵).
350 years later in 861 National Master Doseon Guksa constructed a grand temple here and named it Seonamsa. As the head temple of the "samamsa" trio (‘three "rock" temples’) with Unamsa (雲岩) and Yongamsa (龍岩), Seonamsa played a fundamental role in the development of Seon Buddhism, and many masters have practiced, taught and attained awakening here.
During the Imjinwaeran war, also known as the Japanese invasions (1592–1598), many of Seonamsa’s buildings were destroyed, along with much of the country. Restoration came after the war, and a new plan to restore the temple to the original 11th century configuration has been underway since 1992.
Treasures.
Seungseongyo.
Seungseongyo (승선교 / 昇仙橋), Seungseon Bridge, is a granite stone bridge constructed in semi-circular arch configuration 14 meters/46 feet long and 3.5-meters (11.5 feet) wide. "Seungseon" means ‘the ascending immortals’.
Monk Hoan built this Joseon Era bridge over a period of six years beginning in 1713. Seungseongyo is considered to be amongst the most beautiful of the old stone bridges in Korea.
The protruding sculpture of a dragon's head below the midsection of the bridge, facing upstream, is intended to ward off evil spirits. The bridge's arch casts a magical reflection in the stream below with the image of the Gangseonru (pavilion) peeping out beneath, a short distance away. Because this charming bridge blends in so well with the valley below, it is often used as a location for shooting movies and TV shows.
Seungseongyo is Treasure #400.
Iljumun.
Iljumun is the first gate at the entrance to many Korean Buddhist temples. Called the "One-Pillar Gate", because when viewed from the side the gate appears to be supported by a single pillar. This symbolizes the one true path of enlightenment which supports the world. It is the boundary between the Buddhist temple and a human's worldly life. The gate symbolizes purification and one must leave all of their worldly desires before entering the temple.
Seonamsa's Iljumun dates back to the Joseon Dynasty. According to the records from the "Message for the framework-raising ceremony of Jogye Gate" the original Seonamsa Iljumun was destroyed by fire and restored in 1540. It was also recorded that the gate was again destroyed during the Byeongja Horan battle and rebuilt in 1719.
Seonamsa's Iljumun harmonizes with the neighboring forest, radiating a soft elegance. Walls extend from both sides of the entry and stone steps are laid out in front. Its elaborate woodwork makes it uniquely magnificent.
Seonamsa Iljumun is Cultural Treasure #96.
Palsangjeon.
Palsangjeon (Hall of Eight Pictures) is a worship hall found on a Korean Buddhist temple complex that contains the "Palsang", the series of painted murals depicting the eight stages in the life of the historic Buddha, Sakyamuni.
Seonamsa's Palsangjeon has five sections facing the front and three sections on the side. The hall is built in a style which has the brackets only on columns and a gabled roof. Records indicate the hall was built before the 18th century and has been restored twice, once in 1704 and again in 1707.
Seonamsa Palsangjeon is Tangible Cultural Property #60.
Wontongjeon.
Wontongjeon (Wontong Hall; 圎通殿) is where the Buddhist Goddess of Mercy is enshrined. The name "Wontong" signifies "juwon-yungtong" ("The truth is omnipresent and passes through everything").
Seonamsa's Wontongjeon was built in 1660. This structure is quite different from the Wontongjeon found at other Korean Buddhist temples because it has three sections. The one section in the front, and the two sections on the sides, form the shape of a "T". Two renovations occurred, one in 1698 and again in 1824.
Inside Wontongjeon there is a tablet that reads "Daebokjeon" (Hall of Great Luck), written personally by King Jeongjo (1752-1800). The King had asked the High Priest Nuram of Seonamsa to offer a prayer for a male heir, for 100 days. The prayer was answered with the birth of the King’s son, Sunjo (1790-1834). As a token of his gratitude, the King awarded the temple this tablet in his own handwriting.
Seonamsa Wontongjeon Tangible Cultural Property #169.
Three-Storied Stone Pagodas.
"Daeungjeon" (Main Hall) is the centerpiece of the temple enshrining Sakyamuni (the main statue of Buddha). On the east and west sides of the courtyard in front of Daeungjeon stand a pair of three-storied stone pagodas of nearly the same size and design. These stone pagodas were erected in the same year.
Seonamsa's pagodas are typical of the stone pagodas of the Silla era, from the 9th century, that enshrine the saria of Buddha. The main body of the pagodas and roof stones are cut from a single piece of stone. The double stylobate has three pillars carved in relief. Each side of the main body is carved with two simple pillars in relief. The roof stones are flat and broad on four layered supports with lifted corners.
The pair of Three-Storied Stone Pagodas at Seonamsa have been designated as National Treasure #395.
Lavatory.
The Lavatory at Seonamsa is a rectangular wood building with an open entrance on the north side, built on elevated ground. One side is for male use and the other side is for female use. This wooden structure has ventilation lattices set high in the walls. Although it is a typical outdoor toilet, it is well kept and devoid of the usual odor. At the entrance of the lavatory, there is a stone basin for hand washing.
There is no documentation indicating the origin of Seonamsa's Lavatory, but it is thought to have existed since before the Jeongyujaeran War in 1597.
The Lavatory at Seonamsa has been designated as a Cultural Property Material #214, the first time a toilet has been recognized as a cultural asset.
Gakhwangjeon.
Gakhwangjeon (hall; 각황전 / 覺皇殿), also known as Jangyukjeon, has a plaque in front identifying the "gakhwang" as Sakyamuni (Buddha), who is "twice as tall as people who have (an) average height".
It's not known when the hall was first built but it was renovated in 861 by Monk Daegak. Gakhwangjeon was destroyed during the Imjinwaeran war and was rebuilt in 1660. Renovations occurred in 1760 and again in 1801.
Gakhwangjeon is a small hall with an area in the front and another on the side. The foundation is made of stone and large corner stones support the building's columns. The roof is hip-and-gable having double eaves with three brackets set between the columns.
Seonamsa Gakhwangjeon is Cultural Property Material #177.
Monument to the Restoration of Seonamsa.
Most of Seonamsa was destroyed during the Imjinwaeran war that took place between 1592 and 1598. This monument was erected in 1707 to commemorate the restoration of Seonamsa that was led by Monk Yakhyu.
The monument has a turtle shaped base with the body and head of the base having the embellishments of a dragon. This monument is typical of those of the Joseon Era and is considered to be one of the best examples of that style. The monument measures 5 meters/16.4 feet high, 1.25 meters/4.1 feet wide and 0.3 meters/1 foot deep.
The inscription on monument the reads; "Seonam Temple, destroyed by fire during the second Japanese Invasion, was renovated by Monk Yakhyu and others".
The Monument to the Restoration of Seonamsa is Tangible Cultural Property #92.
Seonam "mae"s.
The Seonam "mae"s (매 / 梅 ‘mume trees at Seonamsa’), which could number about 50 trees, live along the tile-roofed fenced road leading to Unsouam (hermitage), Wontongjeon (hall) and Gakwhangjeon (hall).
In the absence of any records, the exact ages of the trees is unknown. However, according to oral traditions of the temple, the trees were planted, together with the Wasong (the Reclined Pine tree) in front of the Cheonbuljeon (hall), around 600 years ago.
These Seonam White Mume trees, in the back of Wontongjeon (hall) and long the tile-rooted fence road leading to Kakwhangjeon (hall), are known to be the most valuable of the Mume trees.
Seonam White Mume trees were designated as Korean National Natural Monuments #488.
Samindang.
Just past the Gangseon Pavilion and before reaching Ilju Gate is a small oval pond called Samindang (삼인당 / 三印塘), the ‘pond of the three marks.’
In the middle of the pond, there is a small islet covered with vegetation.
According to Seonam Temple's historical records, Samindang was created by the monk Doseon Guksa in 862.
A plaque at the pond reads, ""samin" three marks represent Buddhist ideals: 'Everything changes and there is no being. When people realize it, they enter nirvana'".
Seonamsa Samindang, a unique temple structure, is Monument #46.
Special Features.
Wild Tea Field.
Seonamsa has a wild tea field which covers an area of over 18 square kilometers/7 square miles. There are tea plants as much as 300 to 400 years old in the wild tea field. Fertilizers or chemicals have never been used. The tea field has been maintained in its natural state throughout the years.
The monks hand pick the modest harvest beginning in April. Due to the tea leaves rich sweet fragrance, the tea commands a high price. Legend says that long ago mothers who sent their daughters off to be married gave them a packet of these tea seeds as a perfume.
Stone Basins.
Seonamsa's stone basins supply water to the temple using four basins, a square one and three circular ones. The stone basins are connected sequentially by tubes of bamboo.
The four basins have a different function based on the order of water flow. The first basin is for water to be offered up to the Buddha, the second one supplies water to clean food for the Buddha, the third is for the use by humans, and the fourth basin is for all other purposes.
The stone basins have become famous because they appear in the film Dongseung (A Little Monk).

</doc>
<doc id="36621181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621181" title="Beat Rhythm News">
Beat Rhythm News

Beat Rhythm News is the only studio album by English post-punk band Essential Logic. It was released in December 1979.
Critical reception.
AllMusic called it "a stunning record that remains a benchmark of the punk era".

</doc>
<doc id="36621185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621185" title="Yanna Darili">
Yanna Darili

Yanna Darili (Greek:Γιάννα Ντάριλη) is an American model, actress, journalist, producer, television presenter and fitness expert of Greek descent. She is best known for her fitness segments on ANT1 Greek morning show "Proinos Kafes" as well as host of the first English language ERT show "Hellenic Weekly". She co-hosted the pre-game Opening and Closing ceremonies of the Athens 2004 Olympics. She is also known for her guest appearances on the "Today" show during the Athens 2004 Olympics hosted by Katie Couric.
As of August 2012, Yanna Darili headed up a private investment group acquiring New Greek TV a Greek-American television station on Time Warner Cable.

</doc>
<doc id="36621211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621211" title="2012–13 Fordham Rams men's basketball team">
2012–13 Fordham Rams men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Fordham Rams men's basketball team represented Fordham University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was coached by Tom Pecora in his third year at the school. Fordham Rams home games were played at Rose Hill Gymnasium and the team was a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 7–24, 3–13 in A-10 play to finish in a tie for 14th place. They failed to qualify for the Atlanic 10 Tournament. 
Schedule and results.
!colspan=9| Regular Season

</doc>
<doc id="36621216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621216" title="Gibbs Point">
Gibbs Point

Gibbs Point, a rock point on the Antarctic Peninsula, the most northern area of the continent of Antarctica, was named for African American Antarctic explorer, George W. Gibbs, Jr. on September 2, 2009. On that date, the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (U.S. Board on Geographic Names) confirmed the place name in Antarctica for Gibbs as the first black explorer to set foot on the continent. Gibbs Point is a rock point forming the northwest entrance to Gaul Cove, on the northeast of Horseshoe Island, Marguerite Bay, Antarctic Peninsula.

</doc>
<doc id="36621223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621223" title="Sophie Darlington">
Sophie Darlington

Sophie Darlington (*c1967) is a noted freelance British wildlife camerawoman and producer-director who grew up in England, Ireland and Iran. 
In 1986 her interest was piqued by Peter Matthiessen’s "The Tree Where Man Was Born", and she visited a safari lodge just outside Tanzania’s Ngorongoro. There she met up with and was inspired by two of the BBC Natural History Unit’s cameramen. 
In 1990 she met wildlife film maker Baron Hugo van Lawick in the Serengeti National Park and started working as a student camera operator. Since then she has spent some 20 years filming some of the world’s most interesting creatures from aardvark to Net-casting Spiders, travelling to far-flung corners of the world.
""African Cats"", a visual record of animal life in the Masai Mara National Reserve, under the direction of Alastair Fothergill and Keith Scholey, and the camerawork of Sophie Darlington and Simon Kerry, has been acclaimed as one of the best wildlife films ever produced. Making full use of cutting-edge technology, the crew spent two and a half years capturing scenery and animals in unprecedented detail. 

</doc>
<doc id="36621238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621238" title="The Tender Gender">
The Tender Gender

The Tender Gender is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1966 and released on the Cadet label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing.
"All compositions by Kenny Burrell except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36621289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621289" title="Cardiee.com">
Cardiee.com

Cardiee.com, Inc. is a Saudi multinational electronic commerce company with headquarters in Ad Dammam, Saudi Arabia. It is one of the first online retailer who sells digital cods instantly by email & SMS.

</doc>
<doc id="36621293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621293" title="Box Butte Dam">
Box Butte Dam

Box Butte Dam (National ID # NE01069) is a dam in the arid northwestern panhandle area of Dawes County, Nebraska.
The earthen dam was constructed from 1941 through 1946 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation with a structural height of 87 feet and 5508 feet long at its crest. It impounds the Niobrara River for flood control, part of the Bureau's Mirage Flats Project for irrigation water storage. No hydroelectric power is produced here.
The reservoir it creates, Box Butte Reservoir, has a water surface of 1600 acres, 612 land surrounding land acres, about 14 miles of shoreline, and a capacity of 31,060 acre-feet. Recreation includes fishing (for northern pike, walleye, largemouth bass, yellow perch, and channel cat), hunting, boating, camping and hiking. 
The southern shore of the lake borders the Box Butte Reservoir State Recreation Area.

</doc>
<doc id="36621332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621332" title="Paramenthane hydroperoxide">
Paramenthane hydroperoxide

Paramenthane hydroperoxide (PMHP) is an organic peroxide with a distinctive odor. It is used on an industrial scale as a polymerization initiator for emulsion polymerizations. It is usually sold in a light yellow liquid solutions of about 50% strength.

</doc>
<doc id="36621371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621371" title="Anthony Babington (disambiguation)">
Anthony Babington (disambiguation)

Anthony Babington was a plotter.
Anthony Babington may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36621391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621391" title="Anthony Babington (died 1536)">
Anthony Babington (died 1536)

Anthony Babington (by 1476-1536), was an English politician.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Nottingham in 1529 and 1536.

</doc>
<doc id="36621413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621413" title="EtherCON">
EtherCON

The EtherCON is a ruggedized and lockable Ethernet over twisted pair wiring connector manufactured by Neutrik. It is designed for professional audio and stage lighting network applications. It is also used in military applications.
Design.
The design is modeled after the XLR connector with a circular hard metal shell and a locking latch. The cable plug is always male and is designed to fit over a standard 8P8C modular connector. There are two cable connector versions: one for use during manufacturing of cables, and one that goes over an 8P8C (RJ-45) modular connector on existing cable. The chassis connector is always female and has the standard form factor of an XLR panel connector. The chassis connector allows for use with both an EtherCON connector and a standard 8P8C plug. The chassis connectors are rated for either Cat 5e or Cat 6 compatibility. The cable connector can go over either a Cat 5e or Cat 6 cable.
Applications.
EtherCON connectors are often used with Tactical Ethernet cable to build Ethernet cables that can be used in high traffic areas with heavy foot or light vehicle traffic.
EtherCON connectors are used on many audio over Ethernet and audio over IP products.

</doc>
<doc id="36621437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621437" title="Milad Vaziri">
Milad Vaziri

Milad Vaziri Teymoorlooei (born 9 June 1988 in Tabriz, Iran) is an Iranian archer. He competed in the individual event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36621445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621445" title="Boomtown (David + David album)">
Boomtown (David + David album)

Boomtown is the Los Angeles themed and only studio album by the American rock duo David + David, released on July 7, 1986 through A&M Records.
Release and reception.
Michael Ofjord of AllMusic called "Boomtown" an "artful record, full of poetry and convincing stories of the hard times that many silently endured." He gave the record four and a half out of five stars, concluding that "one may not want to listen to this record to lift the spirit, but it is a strong reminder of difficult situations faced during what can be perceived by many as the best of times."
At the time of its release Boomtown received some commercial success, peaking at number thirty-nine on the chart in December. Its singles, "Welcome to the Boomtown", "Swallowed by the Cracks" and "Ain't So Easy", all received airplay and charted on Billboard Hot 100. In 1995, the album was certified gold in the U.S.
Baerwald and Ricketts played all the instruments on the album except for drums on some tracks which were played by Ed Greene. 
Although Baerwald and Ricketts would go on to co-write some of the material for Sheryl Crow's debut album, the duo pursed divergent musical paths with Baerwald developing his solo career and Ricketts working with singer/musician Toni Childs.
Track listing.
All songs written by David Baerwald and David Ricketts. "Heroes" Written by David Baerwald

</doc>
<doc id="36621457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621457" title="Elías Cuesta">
Elías Cuesta

Elías Cuesta Cobo (born 15 March 1985) is a Spanish archer. He competed in the individual event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
He is the brother of Irene Cuesta, a Spanish national archery champion and the coach of the Spanish archery team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36621463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621463" title="Eton Manor Boys' Club">
Eton Manor Boys' Club

Eton Manor Boys' Club was a boys sports club in London, England.
History.
Establishment.
Eton Manor Boys' Club takes its name from Eton College, which from the 1880s had run a Christian Mission to raise living standards in the Hackney Wick area of the East End of London and the Manor Farm bought in 1912 to build a new sporting clubhouse. The Mission Church, St Mary of Eton, is still the Parish Church, but combined with the bombed St Augustine after the Second World War. It is now called St Mary of Eton with St Augustine. In 1953 the connections with Eton College were severed. 
In 1909 four Old Etonian philanthropists founded Eton Manor Boys' Club to provide sporting facilities separate from the Eton Christian Mission. They were Gerald V. Wellesley, Arthur Villiers, the second son of Victor Child Villiers, 7th Earl of Jersey; Edward Cadogan, the sixth son of George Cadogan, 5th Earl Cadogan and Alfred Wagg of the City of London Wagg Banking Family. Gerald Wellesley passed on the leadership of the club to Arthur Villiers after the Great War; Villiers remained the primary guiding force behind the club until its closure. He lived at Eton Manor Boys' Club from 1913 until his death in 1969. 
The club only accepted boys who had been previous members of the Eton Mission Boys’ Club. Additionally, the club's rules also stated that only boys between the ages of 13 and 16 could join, any boys past the age of 16 weren't allowed to join. The club also restricted boys from interacting with girls.
The club's coaches included well-known sportsmen including Douglas Jardine and Alf Ramsey. Boys who passed the age of 18 were able to join the "Old Boys" club.
In 1920 an old rubbish tip site on the eastern end of Hackney Marshes was converted into the Club's new sports ground, it became well known as "The Wilderness". Facilities included nine football pitches, two rugby pitches, cricket pitches, six tennis courts, a bowling green, a squash court and a running track. 
In the 1950s, the club had a reputation as an elite boys sporting club as well as incorporating career advice to the club's list of activities.
At its peak the Club had become a leading member of the London Federation of Boys' Clubs with success in many sports. It produced double Olympic Gold Medal middleweight boxer Harry Mallin at the 1920 Antwerp Olympics and 1924 Paris Olympics, and welterweight boxer Nicholas Gargano a bronze medal winner at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics. A 2010 news article stated that Gargano would strengthen his arms by chopping wood at the clubhouse and also learned how to box at the club. The 1948 London Olympic athletics track transferred to the Eton Manor Boys' Club on The Wilderness playing fields for continued legacy use.
Closure.
In the mid 1960s, Arthur Villiers decided to close the Eton Manor. The reasons were unclear, although both costs and the changing nature of the surrounding population have been cited as possible explanations. 
The playing fields at Eton Manor fell into disuse by 2001, before being selected as part of the London bid for the proposed London 2012 Olympic Games. The site became the venue for the 2012 Summer Paralympics tennis venue Eton Manor. Eton College has a second connection to the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games, as the rowing event venue is the College's private facility, Dorney Lake.
The remaining Archives of the Eton Manor Boys' Club are held at the Bishopsgate Library.
Villiers Park.
After Eton Manor closed in 1967, The Manor Charitable Trust, which supported it, moved into the educational field and in 1968 renamed its Oxfordshire centre Villiers Park. Its other educational centre in Cambridgeshire, which opened in 1989, was also named Villiers Park. The trust's main buildings at the Cambridge site – Cadogan House, Wellesley House and Wagg House – are named for colleagues of Villiers who were also involved in the establishment of the trust.) In 2000 The Manor Charitable Trust changed its name to Villiers Park Educational Trust. Under that name it operates a scholars programme, subject-specific residential courses, and advisory programme for schools.
Eton Manor Association.
There is an active group of Eton Manor Boys' Club Old Boys, the Eton Manor Association. It continued to honour the former Club Members who died during the First World War and the Second World War by having a Remembrance Sunday Service on The Wilderness by the Memorials placed there. The Olympic Delivery Authority, LOCOG and the Olympic Park Legacy Company which in 2012 became the London Legacy Development Corporation have successively combined to provide a safe storage area of the Memorials removed during the development and use of The Wilderness site for the London 2012 Olympics, they will be restored to the Eton Manor site in 2014.
Sports clubs.
Six sports clubs originating from Eton Manor Boys' Club and the Eton Mission are still in existence : Eton Manor R.F.C., now playing at The New Wilderness ground in Wanstead, Eton Manor F.C., now playing at the Capershotts ground in Waltham Abbey, Eton Manor A.C., meeting at Waltham Forest Track and Pool in Walthamstow (young athletes) and The Cottage, Marsh Lane, in Leyton (senior athletes), The Otters Water Polo Club, meeting at Beacontree Heath Leisure Centre in Dagenham. There is also an Eton Manor Golf Society. The Eton Mission Rowing Club founded in 1885 and with its own boathouse since 1911, which was rebuilt in 1934, is still active as a private rowing club on the Hackney Cut canal, within sight of the London 2012 Olympic Stadium.

</doc>
<doc id="36621472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621472" title="2003 Miami Hurricanes football team">
2003 Miami Hurricanes football team

The 2003 Miami Hurricanes football team represented the University of Miami during the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season. The team participated as members of the Big East Conference. They played their home games at the Miami Orange Bowl in Miami. They were coached by Larry Coker.

</doc>
<doc id="36621477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621477" title="Burgman">
Burgman

Burgman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36621478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621478" title="Daniel Xavier">
Daniel Xavier

Daniel Rezende Xavier (born 31 August 1982 in Belo Horizonte, Brazil) is a Brazilian archer. He competed in the individual event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36621491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621491" title="Axel Müller">
Axel Müller

Axel Müller (born 3 January 1992 in Genolier, Switzerland) is a Swiss archer. He competed in the individual event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36621495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621495" title="Scroll of Fire">
Scroll of Fire

Scroll of Fire is a monument found in the Jerusalem hills, and it commemorates Jewish history from The Holocaust until Independence. The monument was inaugurated in 1971.
The initiative for the monument came from B'nai B'rith of the United States, and was funded by them. The site was chosen by Yosef Weitz, the director of the Land and Afforestation Department of the Jewish National Fund.
The monument was sculptured by the artist Nathan Rapoport, who is a Holocaust survivor.
The sculpture is made of bronze and is eight meters high. It is in the shape of two scrolls, a gesture to the Jewish nation being the "People of the Book". One of the scrolls describes the Holocaust and the other describes independence.
In the scroll describing the Holocaust, there are sculptured among others Janusz Korczak and his children, a row of helmets symbolizing the Nazi soldiers, a member of The Ghetto Fighters holding a grenade, and other characters behind fences of concentration camps. This scroll ends with holocaust survivors immigrating to Israel in Aliyah Bet, people from Israel helping them get off the boats, and a Jewish man kissing the Land of Israel.
In the scroll describing independence, threre are sculptured symbols of Israel, such as: Olive trees, a child holding a cluster of grapes, a man blowing a shofar near the Western Wall, the menorah as described in the Arch of Titus, an old character representing Elijah, people dancing Hora and flags flying near an angel blowing a trumpet.
In the space between the two scrolls, there are two rooms of memorial, and in each one is engraved a quote from the bible.
The monument is found in the Forest of the Martyrs in the Jerusalem hills.

</doc>
<doc id="36621505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621505" title="Lenart">
Lenart

Lenart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36621507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621507" title="The New Deadwardians">
The New Deadwardians

The New Deadwardians is an eight issue comic book series by Dan Abnett with artwork by I.N.J. Culbard. The series began publication in March 2012 by Vertigo. Abnett has stated that "The New Deadwardians" will span eight issues but that "We already have a very, very nice idea where we would go next with it, both in terns of the geopolitics of the world but a very specific other case for a second series".
Plot.
The comic follows Chief Inspector George Suttle as he attempts to solve crimes in a post-Victorian England where the upper classes are composed of vampires and the lower class of zombies and humans. As Suttle tries to get to the bottom of an upper-class citizen's murder, he discovers that there's more to this murder than meets the eye.
Themes.
Common themes in the "The New Deadwardians" involve class relations as well as the women's rights movement as seen by suffragettes fighting for the right to become vampires on their own terms.
Reception.
Reception for "The New Deadwardians" has been overwhelmingly positive, with Comic Book Resources calling it "inventive" and "unique". The New Jersey On-Line and Shock Till You Drop praised the story line, with Shock Till You Drop writing that "with an end date in sight it only makes me more impatient for the next issue because I want to see what happens next".
Crave Online commented that the series was "worth a look", but that while the artwork was bright and clean the characters' heads were occasionally misshapen.
Collected editions.
The series has been collected in the form of a trade paperback:

</doc>
<doc id="36621518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621518" title="Lupe (horse)">
Lupe (horse)

Lupe (foaled 1967) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career lasting from September 1969 until July 1971, the filly ran seven times and won six races. As a three-year-old she won the Oaks at Epsom and the Yorkshire Oaks at York before sustaining her only defeat in the Prix Vermeille. Lupe returned as a four-year-old and defeated colts to win the Coronation Cup and the Princess of Wales's Stakes. She was then retired to stud and became a successful broodmare.
Background.
Lupe was a bay filly bred at the Snailwell Stud in Newmarket. The stud was owned by Stanhope Joel, and Lupe raced in the colour's of Joel's wife, Gladys. The filly was bred for stamina: her sire Primera won the fourteen-furlong Ebor Handicap while her dam Alcoa, was an out-and-out stayer who won over two and a quarter miles and finished second in the Cesarewitch. As a descendant of the broodmare Tillywhim, Alcoa was a member of the same branch of Thoroughbred family 1-k which produced the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winners Levmoss and Three Troikas. Lupe was trained by Noel Murless at his Warren Place stables at Newmarket.
Racing career.
Lupe did not appear on the racecourse until the autumn of 1969 and ran only once as a two-year-old. At Doncaster in September, she won a maiden race over six furlongs.
On her three-year-old debut in May 1970, Lupe was moved up in class to contest the Cheshire Oaks, a race that served as a trial for the Epsom Oaks in June. She won the race impressively to establish herself as a leading Classic contender. At Epsom Downs Racecourse on 6 June, she was made favourite for the Oaks at odds of 100/30 after being the subject of heavy betting on the day of the race. The field of sixteen runners included challengers form Ireland and France. Ridden by the twenty-two-year-old Sandy Barclay, Lupe took the lead two furlongs from the finish and drew away from her opponents to win easily by four lengths from State Pension and Arctic Wave. The filly was rested before returning in the Yorkshire Oaks at York in August. She won comfortably from Highest Hopes, who had previously finished second in the Prix de Diane. In September, Lupe was sent to France for the Prix Vermeille. She sustained the first and only defeat of her career as she finished sixth behind Highest Hopes and Miss Dan.
Unusually for a Classic winning filly at that time, Lupe remained in training as a four-year-old. She made her first appearance for nine months when she ran in the Coronation Cup at Epsom in June 1971. Ridden by Geoff Lewis, she won "readily" by a neck from the French-trained colt Stintino. A month later at Newmarket, Lupe won the Princess of Wales's Stakes at Newmarket, comfortably beating Sacramento Song.
Retirement.
Lupe spent most of her breeding career in the United States, where she proved to be a highly successful broodmare. Her sons included Lascaux (Prix Jean de Chaudenay), Leonardo da Vinci (White Rose Stakes) and Legend of France (Earl of Sefton Stakes). Her daughter Louveterie won the Prix Vanteaux and was the dam of the Group One winners Loup Sauvage (Prix d'Ispahan) and Loup Solitaire (Grand Criterium). She produced seven black-type winners in her career and had her last foal in 1988.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Lupe an "average" winner of the Oaks.
Lupe was given a rating of 123 by Timeform in 1970, six pounds below the leading three-year-old filly Highest Hopes and fifteen pounds below the top-rated horse of the year, Nijinsky.
The Lupe Stakes, a trial for the Epsom Oaks, was run at Goodwood Racecourse between 1972 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36621527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621527" title="That's Gangsta (Shyne song)">
That's Gangsta (Shyne song)

"That's Gangsta" is the second single released from Shyne's eponymous debut album. The song was produced by fellow Bad Boy labelmates P. Diddy and Mario Winans. The song includes samples from "Misdemeanor" by Foster Sylvers and "It's Funky Enough" by The D.O.C..
The song failed to appear on the "Billboard" Hot 100 but was able to find minor success on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks and Hot Rap Singles, reaching number 58 and 28 on the charts respectively.
Music video.
Directed by Marc Klasfeld (who had previously directed Shyne's first video "Bad Boyz"), the video gives a slice-of-life look at the Brooklyn scene with Shyne waking up from his bed, getting dressed and taking with him a bag carrying unknown contents out of the house as the viewers see his family and how they live. He goes to a laundromat where he spots an elderly woman and leaves the bag in a cart for her to take. The bag is revealed to have huge amounts of money as she empties it. As he gets out, a car pulls up near the laundromat where a man carrying a full brown paper bag gives it to Shyne, implying that he's his client/customer of sorts. He takes the brown paper bag to an undisclosed location where he interrupts a dominoes game by throwing the bag onto the table. At first, a confrontation between Shyne and one of men in the crowd is about to commence but instead, they embrace in a hug with the bag's contents containing hundreds of dollars in cash.
Throughout the video there a scenes of people that make up the community: from a prostitute, a boxer, a father-to-be with a pregnant girlfriend, F.B.I. officers and the people they have under arrest, looking into the camera as they say the aforementioned title.

</doc>
<doc id="36621529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621529" title="Philippe Kouassi">
Philippe Kouassi

René Philippe Kouassi (born 14 December 1979 in Adzopé, Côte d'Ivoire) is an Ivorian archer. He competed in the individual event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36621533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621533" title="Farmer Ferdinand Hudson">
Farmer Ferdinand Hudson

"Farmer Ferdinand Hudson" is a song written and performed by Bee Gees vocalist Robin Gibb, released in 1970 on his first solo album "Robin's Reign".
Composition and recording.
The song's original name was "Hudson's Fallen Wind" but it was too long ended to 12:19, and then they edited it to 3:05 and they changed the title called "Farmer Ferdinand Hudson". "Hudson's Fallen Wind" at full length was Robin's masterpiece, it starts with a spoken introduction over orchestra, and then goes into a three-minute song with Robin on guitars and drum machine, telling about a prosperous farming community, then the music changes to Robin on electric 12-string, sounds like a synthesizer, as he tells of a gigantic wind storm that came by night and destroyed all, the destruction is told from the farmer's limited view: from the shaking house he looks out into the dark, and see trees bending and can hear animals screaming, He feels his children's fear and clings to the walls, Robin and orchestra stops alone performs the storm.

</doc>
<doc id="36621535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621535" title="List of Award of Garden Merit sweet peas">
List of Award of Garden Merit sweet peas

The following sweet pea cultivars have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:

</doc>
<doc id="36621538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621538" title="Huang Wenyi">
Huang Wenyi

Huang Wenyi (; born 6 March 1991) is a female Chinese rower. She is competing in the lightweight double sculls at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36621543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621543" title="Yedi Kardeş Tower">
Yedi Kardeş Tower

Yedi Kardeş / Heft Birayan Tower (Yedi Kardeş Burcu / Birca Heft Birayan, "Tower of the Seven Brothers") is a cut basalt tower in Diyarbakir. It was built in 1208 in honor of the leader of the Artukid Turkish dynasty, Melik Salih Mahmut, and designed by the architect Yahya Ibrahim Sufi. It is adorned with the Artukid symbols, Koranic inscriptions and nature reliefs.

</doc>
<doc id="36621552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621552" title="Long Đức Industrial Park">
Long Đức Industrial Park

The Long Đức Industrial Park (Khu công nghiệp Long Đức, KCN Long Đức) is an industrial park located in Long Thành District, Đồng Nai Province, Vietnam.
It has a factory area of 200 ha within a 270 ha park. Access to major transport hubs:

</doc>
<doc id="36621566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621566" title="Ode to 52nd Street">
Ode to 52nd Street

Ode to 52nd Street is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1967 and released on the Cadet label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars in a review by Scott Yanow that stated "Burrell plays quite well, as usual (he is among the most consistent of jazz improvisers), and, even if the music is not all that memorable, the results are pleasing".
Track listing.
"All compositions by Kenny Burrell and Richard Evans except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36621573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621573" title="Ahmed El-Nemr">
Ahmed El-Nemr

Ahmed El-Nemr (born 21 November 1978 in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian archer. He competed in the individual event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36621577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621577" title="Jeremy Harbour">
Jeremy Harbour

Jeremy Harbour (born 1974) is a British mergers and acquisitions authority, author, philanthropist and public speaker. He became well known in the business community for his track record for starting successful companies which include Gyms, Call Centers, Media, and Commercial Cleaning and Services. His personal business success have led to a book deal with T.J. international and speaking engagements around the world. He has been featured for his work in mergers and acquisitions in "Men's Health", "Financial Times", and "Edge" magazine.
Author.
Jeremy got off to an early start, selling flowers when he was just 7 years old, but his first proper business was when he was 14 running his own market stall selling watches and jewellery. Jeremy got into the mobile phone business in the mid-1990s and landed a deal with Costco to carry his products, he later became a gloabl authority on mergers and acquisitions with a specialism for distressed acquisitions and business turnarounds. This willingness to take risks is explained in his book "GO DO" Published by Capstone, which has been an Amazon business best seller twice in 2012.
Career.
Currently Jeremy is the President of the Business Recovery Forum which assists companies in distressed financial situations navigate their future. He is on the board of trustess for the Princes Trust, an organization that runs "programmes that encourage young people to take responsibility for themselves" through engagement and training. In 2009 Jeremy founded the Harbour Club, which provides guidance and advice to companies looking to grow through acquisition.
Early life.
Born in Salisbury in Wiltshire, and growing up in the tiny village of Child Okeford in Dorset on a farm. He attended Clayesmore School until he was 15 years old, when he left to pursue his business interests. He left home when he was 17 to live in Bridgewater in somerset where he had a business, this later failed and he moved back home, before moving on again. in his life he lived in Bournemouth, Pool, Berkshire, Hertfordshire, London, Buckinghamshire, before trying expat life in Italy, and ending up as a Spanish resident, living in the Balearic Island of Mallorca.
Career.
Started selling watches and Jewellery on a market stall
then amusement machines
then mobile phones and telecoms service
now buys and sells companys, is an author and lecturer on Mergers and Acquisitions, More and more work is now in Asia.
Seminars.
Jeremy runs the hugely well respected course to teach people how to buy and sell companies "The Harbour Club" www.jeremyharbour.com/HCN

</doc>
<doc id="36621588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621588" title="Klemen Štrajhar">
Klemen Štrajhar

Klemen Štrajhar (born 20 August 1994 in Ljubljana, Slovenia) is a Slovenian archer. He competed in the individual event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36621608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621608" title="Ivona Dadic">
Ivona Dadic

Ivona Dadic (; born 29 December 1993) is an Austrian track and field athlete. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's heptathlon event.

</doc>
<doc id="36621610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621610" title="Sara Aerts">
Sara Aerts

Sara Aerts (born 25 January 1984 in Turnhout) is a Belgian athlete who specialises in the heptathlon.
Aerts competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the heptathlon but did not finish the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36621611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621611" title="Marisa De Aniceto">
Marisa De Aniceto

Marisa De Aniceto(born November 11, 1986 in Luanda) is a French track and field athlete. She will compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's heptathlon event.

</doc>
<doc id="36621612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621612" title="Sofia Yfantidou">
Sofia Yfantidou

Sofia Yfantidou (Greek: Σοφία Υφαντίδου; also transcribed in English Ifadidou; born 10 January 1985) is a Greek track and field athlete. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's heptathlon event. She finished 24th, with 5947 points.

</doc>
<doc id="36621613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621613" title="Nadine Broersen">
Nadine Broersen

Nadine Broersen (born 29 April 1990) is a Dutch track and field athlete.
Broersen competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's heptathlon event, where she finished 13th with a personal best score of 6319 points.
At the 2013 World Championships in Athletics she competed in the women's heptathlon as well, but started very bad by falling over the last hurdle in the 100 m hurdles. In the later disciplines however, she continued very strong and finished 10th.
On March 7, 2014, she won gold at the World Indoor championships in Sopot in the indoor pentathlon, improving the national record of Karin Ruckstuhl with a score of 4830 points. On the way to that result she also improved the national indoor record in the high jump, with a height of 1.93 m.

</doc>
<doc id="36621615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621615" title="Uhunoma Osazuwa">
Uhunoma Osazuwa

Uhunoma Naomi Osazuwa (born November 23, 1987 in Oakland, California). is a Nigerian track and field athlete. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's heptathlon event, but failed to finish the competition after recording marks in five events.

</doc>
<doc id="36621621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621621" title="Sarah Cowley (athlete)">
Sarah Cowley (athlete)

Sarah Cowley (born 3 February 1984, Rotorua, New Zealand) is a New Zealand track and field athlete. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's heptathlon event.

</doc>
<doc id="36621625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621625" title="Kristina Savitskaya">
Kristina Savitskaya

Kristina Savitskaya ( born 10 June 1991) is a Russian track and field athlete. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's heptathlon event. In the 800m event of the heptathlon, her foot crossed the lane-marking line too early, but this led to a mistaken disqualification of Lilli Schwarzkopf in the neighbouring lane. However, the disqualification was rescinded when Schwarzkopf pointed out the error. Savitskaya's final place was corrected from seventh to eighth.

</doc>
<doc id="36621626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621626" title="Ellen Sprunger">
Ellen Sprunger

Ellen Sprunger (born 5 August 1986 in Lausanne, Vaud) is a Swiss track and field athlete.
She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's heptathlon event where she finished in 19th place.
Personal bests.
100 metres: 11.52 w. 1.5 (2013)<br>
200 metres: 23.39 w. 0.0 (2013)<br>
800 metres: 2:13.29 (2009)<br>
100 metres hurdles: 13.35 w.2.0 (2012)<br>
High Jump: 1.72 (2012)<br>
Long Jump: 6.08 w.1.1 (2013)<br>
Shot Put: 12.91 (2012)<br>
Javelin Throw: 46.83 (2012)<br>
Heptathlon: 6124 (2012)

</doc>
<doc id="36621632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621632" title="Georg Olden">
Georg Olden

Georg Olden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36621636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621636" title="In &amp; Out (Marcus Canty song)">
In &amp; Out (Marcus Canty song)

"In & Out" is the debut single by American R&B singer Marcus Canty, featuring rapper Wale.
Background.
After signing a record deal with Epic Records, Marcus released a single called "Won't Make a Fool Out of You," which was featured in the movie "Think Like a Man." He later collaborated with rapper Wale on his second official single. The song was produced by Harmony Samuels. Marcus revealed that he hoped Wale would collaborate on the single stating "you know his buzz and his skills, and his ability on my record would take it to the next level and bring more fans that I may wouldn't have reached if he wasn't on the record too."
Promotion.
On August 23, 2012, Marcus joined LA Reid on "Access Hollywood" to promote the single and the upcoming music video.
Reception.
Critical reception.
The song has received positive reviews from critics. Amy Sciarretto of "Pop Crush" gave the song a positive review, though started off with how the "dark song gallops with beats and the singer's dreamy voice is not as evident here. That's not a bad thing, though." She complimented how Marcus is "branching out and trying something edgy." Lyndsey Parker of "Yahoo! Canada" gave the song a positive review, saying "the high-energy jam, which features a rap by the very credible, sounds shockingly current, badass and funky-fresh."
Commercial performance.
The song has reached number ten on the iTunes US Top R&B songs.
Music Video.
The music video was filmed in Brooklyn, New York on August 13, 2012. The music video premiered on BET's 106 & Park on August 31, 2012 and was directed by Erik White. The music video features Marcus Canty hanging around 3 girls at a party.

</doc>
<doc id="36621645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621645" title="Keshia Baker">
Keshia Baker

Keshia Chantay Baker (born January 30, 1988 Fairfield, California) is an American track and field athlete. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 4×400 m relay event, running in the heats and winning a gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36621646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621646" title="Diamond Dixon">
Diamond Dixon

Diamond Dixon (born June 29, 1992 in El Paso, Texas) is an American track and field athlete. She won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London as a member of the 4×400m relay team. While she was not a member of the relay team who ran in the medal race, she took part in the race which qualified the American team for the final. Under Olympic rules, all runners who took part in qualification races also earn medals. She is currently a junior at the University of Kansas and won 2013 Big 12 Conference championships in the 400m, 4x100m relay, and 4x400m relay.

</doc>
<doc id="36621647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621647" title="13 Colorful Character">
13 Colorful Character

Background.
It will be the first Morning Musume album to feature tenth generation members Haruna Iikubo, Ayumi Ishida, Masaki Sato and Haruka Kudo.
The album will be released in two versions: Limited Edition (CD+DVD) and Regular Edition (CD).

</doc>
<doc id="36621648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621648" title="Gia Lewis-Smallwood">
Gia Lewis-Smallwood

Gia Lewis-Smallwood is an American track and field athlete. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the discus throw event, finishing 15th in the qualifying round and not advancing to the final.
She holds the American record in the unofficial event, the indoor discus throw, 55.03m.

</doc>
<doc id="36621650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621650" title="Tian Yuan">
Tian Yuan

Tian Yuan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36621664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621664" title="Harvey Kreyl">
Harvey Kreyl

Harvey Norwood Gavin Kreyl is a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#342), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
International honours.
Harvey Kreyl represented New Zealand in 1952 against Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36621669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621669" title="Takraf India Pvt. Ltd.">
Takraf India Pvt. Ltd.

TAKRAF India Pvt. Ltd. is a Wholly owned subsidiary of Tenova Mining and Minerals working in development, planning, design, manufacture and supply of plants, systems and equipment in the area of Open cast mining and Bulk material handling. Tenova Mining and Minerals Division is a part of the larger Techint group.
History.
TAKRAF India commenced its operations in India in 1995 in Chennai as a fully owned subsidiary to TAKRAF Germany (then, a part of MAN SE Group), under the supervision of Karen Meyers. Tenova acquired MAN TAKRAF in 2006 and was renamed to Tenova TAKRAF. It started with ony 10 people which has now grown to more than 200 employees and counting. Neyveli Lignite Corporation has been one of the major customers, with order values worth more than €50 million. TAKRAF India has supplied NLC the Asia's largest Earth Moving Machine (HEMM) - a 20,000 TPH (tonnes per hour) spreader in 2004. In June 2012 Tenova TAKRAF received one major project order from NLC worth ₹330 crores. Pet coke handling system of the 9.02 MMTPA Guru Govind Singh Refinery Project of M/S Hindustan Petroleum-Mittal Energy Limited (HMEL) at Bathinda (Punjab) is one of the major recent installations from TAKRAF India.
Products.
TAKRAF India specializes in producing custom made high-capacity machines, in the following sectors:

</doc>
<doc id="36621680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621680" title="Mariia Kovtunovskaia">
Mariia Kovtunovskaia

Mariia Kovtunovskaia (born 1988) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621688" title="Diana Antonova">
Diana Antonova

Diana Antonova (born 1993) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621689" title="Alexandra Antonova">
Alexandra Antonova

Alexandra Antonova (born 1991) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621691" title="Olga Belova (water polo)">
Olga Belova (water polo)

Olga Belova (born 1993) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621692" title="Evgeniya Ivanova">
Evgeniya Ivanova

Evgeniya Ivanova (born 1987) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621696" title="Ekaterina Tankeeva">
Ekaterina Tankeeva

Ekaterina Tankeeva (born 1989) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621697" title="Ekaterina Lisunova">
Ekaterina Lisunova

Ekaterina Lisunova (born 1989) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621698" title="TranSAFE-Alp">
TranSAFE-Alp

TranSAFE-Alp is a transnational European project funded by the Alpine Space Programme. The project's goal is the setup of a GIS platform intended for the coordination of transnational actions to be taken after disasters, e.g. proposals for diversion routes and coordination of rescue forces. TranSAFE-Alp was launched in September 2011 and lasts until August 2013. The project is headed by the region of Veneto.

</doc>
<doc id="36621699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621699" title="Nadezhda Fedotova">
Nadezhda Fedotova

Nadezhda Fedotova (born 1988) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621701" title="Ekaterina Prokofyeva">
Ekaterina Prokofyeva

Ekaterina Prokofyeva (born 1991) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621703" title="Olga Beliaeva">
Olga Beliaeva

Olga Beliaeva (born 1985) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621705" title="Evgeniia Khokhriakova">
Evgeniia Khokhriakova

Evgeniia Khokhriakova (born 1988) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621706" title="Anna Karnaukh">
Anna Karnaukh

Anna Karnaukh (born 1993) is a Russian water polo player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Russia women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is tall.

</doc>
<doc id="36621721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621721" title="Elodie Li Yuk Lo">
Elodie Li Yuk Lo

Nioun Chin Elodie Li Yuk Lo (born 29 September 1982) is a Mauritian beach volleyball player. As of 2012, she plays with Natacha Rigobert. The pair participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and were eliminated after losing their three pool matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36621735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621735" title="Nadine Zumkehr">
Nadine Zumkehr

Nadine Zumkehr (born 5 February 1985) is a Swiss beach volleyball player.
As of 2012, she plays with Simone Kuhn. They pair participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and were eliminated in the round of 16 by the American pair of Jennifer Kessy and April Ross who went on to win silver.

</doc>
<doc id="36621742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621742" title="Andreas Kaplan">
Andreas Kaplan

Andreas Marcus Kaplan (born October 5, 1977) is Professor of Marketing at the ESCP Europe Business School (Paris campus). He is specialized in the areas of social media and viral marketing. As part of ESCP Europe's executive committee, Kaplan currently has the position of the School’s Director of Brand and Communications.
Life.
Kaplan was born on October 5, 1977 and grew up in Munich, Germany. His mother is Anneliese Kaplan and his father Vincenc Kaplan.
Education.
Kaplan started his university education with a bachelor in business administration from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich before doing his Master in International Management at ESCP Europe. Kaplan did his PhD in the area of innovation and mass customization at the University of Cologne in cooperation with HEC Paris. Kaplan also holds a Master of Public Administration (MPA) from L'École Nationale d'Administration ("Promotion République"), was visiting Ph.D. at INSEAD and participated in the International Teachers Programme (ITP) at the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. Kaplan did his Habilitation (French post-doctoral qualification for Ph.D. supervisor) at the Pantheon-Sorbonne University.
Career.
Kaplan started his career as professor at the ESSEC Business School and Sciences Po Paris. He migrated to his Alma Mater ESCP Europe where he acted as Head of the Marketing Department. Since 2011 he is the School’s Director of Brand and Communication Europe.
Research.
Kaplan started doing research in the areas of mass customization, innovation, customer lifetime valuation, and relationship marketing. Since then he focuses on analyzing and decrypting social media. In particular his article “Users of the world, unite! The challenges and opportunities of social media” published in Business Horizons co-authored with Michael Haenlein is widely cited (over 3000 times on Google Scholar, over 800 times in Scopus, and over 100 times in Business Source Premier) and known in the field. In 2011 it ranked first in the Science Direct “Top 25 Hottest Articles” in the category Business, Management, and Accounting and #16 across all categories. In 2012 it ranked again first in the Science Direct “Top 25 Hottest Articles” in the category Business, Management, and Accounting and improved its position to #2 across all categories. In 2013 Kaplan receives the annual Best Article Award from Business Horizons, sponsored by Elsevier, for his paper “If you love something, let it go mobile: Mobile marketing and mobile social media 4x4”.

</doc>
<doc id="36621743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621743" title="Anna Vozakova">
Anna Vozakova

Anna Vozakova (born 1988) is a Russian beach volleyball player. As of 2012, she plays with Anastasia Vasina. They have competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36621745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621745" title="Have Yourself a Soulful Little Christmas">
Have Yourself a Soulful Little Christmas

Have Yourself a Soulful Little Christmas is an album of Christmas music by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1966 and released on the Cadet label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4½ stars in a review by Michael G. Nastos that stated "With pensive, meditative, precise playing, it's a must-have and features a definitive jazz hit version of "Little Drummer Boy".

</doc>
<doc id="36621749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621749" title="Toyoaki Horiuchi">
Toyoaki Horiuchi

(September 27, 1900 - September 25, 1948) was a Japanese navy officer, finally, (captain) of the navy. He was known for the development of navy gymnastics allowing the alertness and flexibility of sailors in closed areas of warships and leading the parachute troops, himself jumping as the first person on an airfield 60 km south of Manado, North Sulawesi, Indonesia. See also:Battle of Manado
In younger days and the Naval school days.
He was born in Kumamoto Kumamoto Prefecture on September 27, 1900 in the house known as Mimageno Kadogoya, since his ancestors were heads of a small town. After graduation from a middle school in 1919, he entered the Naval school at Edajima, Hiroshima Prefecture and graduated from above in 1922. In the Naval school, he studied not only English but also Spanish and Portuguese. After graduation, he became naval officer in September 1923, and was ordered to take a pilot student course. Unfortunately, he was struck by a whirling propeller and had to delay. He took another course and became a crew of a destroyer. In December 1, 1927 he was promoted to lieutenant and took artillery. In 1928, he became a captain in Japanese cruiser Natori and in 1929, he was a captain in Japanese cruiser Ashigara in 1930, he became a teacher at the Naval school. He was in charge of artillery and gymnastics. In October 1934, he was appointed as the teacher of artillery at Yokosuka. At the end of 1936, he rode on Japanese cruiser Isuzu as the artillery officer.
Navy gymnastics.
He was known for the development of his own gymnastics based on the Denmark gymnastics. As a teacher of gymnastics at the Naval school, he had long felt a need that those in the navy should attain more alertness and flexibility of actions in the limited spaces of warships and he studied various methods; traditionally the Japanese Imperial Army had employed the Swedish gymnastics. Once, he had a chance of learning the Denmark gymnastics by visiting Danish gymnasts at Okayama, and developed his own system, based on the flexible movements of extremities; because
of his peculiar movements, he was nicknamed octopus man. He revealed the superiority of this gymnastics by showing the team he taught won high marks in various games and finally the Ministry of the Navy employed his method of gymnastics. In 1944, he was awarded for his development of gymnastics by the Navy Minister.
The first navy commander who jumped as the commander in the parachute troop in the battle.
Prior to the beginning of the Pacific War, he was appointed as a special commander, and on January 11, 1946, his troop successfully dropped from the air at Manado, North Sulawesi, Indonesia. Earlier, he had been the leader in the training of the parachute troops which was performed in Tateyama, Chiba, during which a number of trainees died because of various reasons. On November 1944, the trainees were divided into the first special troop, headed by him numbering 750, another troop was headed by Fukumi. He flew jumped at 9,52 a.m. on January 11, 1946 from a height of 150 meters. His flight was recorded in a film and served as stirring up the war sentiment.
As an Administrator of occupied land.
He treated the inhabitants of the island tenderly, and he was loved by the inhabitants. He gave them what was needed such as salt, and reduced the tax to one fourths. He used the language of the land and treated the POWs of the Netherlands fairly. On January 11, 1992, a goodwill meeting was held in commemoration of the 50th year of the falling of the parachute troops. Issai Horiuchi, the son of Horiuchi, carried the photograph of Horiuchi and several hundreds of the inhabitants attended the meeting.Hiroyuki Agawa, who later became a writer, was under Horiuchi when Horiuchi was transferred to Toukou of Taiwan in 1943 as a teacher of Naval students. Horiuchi said to Agawa that he was one of those who were loved by those in the occupied lands. He lost any desire or position when my assistant lieutenant died. To become a good commander, eliminate five desires, especially the sexual desire. Those who lost something will not kill others, but those whose lovers are taken by someone, may kill them. In the occupied lands, the Japanese army and navy made mistakes because of this.
Record of the trial as a B class POW.
On January 29, 1948, the following written indictment was read at the Manado Temporary Court Martial. Japanese Navy Colonel Toyoaki Horiuchi will be tried by the order of Public Prosecutor General dated January 19, 1948. He ordered or let Dutch army officers meet systemic terrorism. He was in a position of knowing the terrorism and did not punish Japanese officers. In 1942, at least 30 Dutch officers were killed with swords. He was in a position of knowing this but did not take necessary preventive measures. These are against the rules dealing with wartime criminals. Lawyer Ide stated that Horiuchi did not know these facts. There were 9 witnesses, most from the Dutch side. Horiuchi sent a letter of testimony that he did not know these facts. However, he felt responsible as an officer of superior rank. For a long time, he believed that we should love enemies. In January 1942, when he set up the parachute troop center, he strongly banned violence to those on the Dutch side. We treated these officers with respect and courtesy. He was impressed by Van den Berg officer who asked for permission while he was responsible. He punished his officers who gave him some violence. Based on his conviction, he freed 650 men of Indonesia. He admitted some of the violence had not been reported to him.
In summary, Horiuchi was executed for the reasons which were against the facts.

</doc>
<doc id="36621759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621759" title="Didn't Wanna Do It">
Didn't Wanna Do It

"Didn't Wanna Do It" (Russian: "Давай Закрутим Землю"; "Davai Zakrutim Zemlyu" Translation: "Let’s Make The Earth Turn") is a song by the Russian recording artist and songwriter Julia Volkova from her studio album. "Didn't Wanna Do It" was written by Julia Volkova, Saeed Molavi, Nadir Benkahla and the Grammy-nominated producer Taj Jackson, with production by Saeed Molavi & Nadir Benkahla (known as The Euroz). The song was chosen as the second single, and was released digitally on August 21, 2012. Musically, the song is a dance-pop song, which features elements of house and Europop. The song's homoerotic lyrics are a first-person account of the singer's sexual encounter with another woman and the ambivalent feelings the experience evoked. Lesbianism has been a frequent theme of Volkovo's work, for example in her first single with former band mate Lena Katina, "All The Things She Said" (2002). The single's accompanying artwork caused criticism and controversy among fans.
"Didn't Wanna Do It" received mixed to positive reviews from critics, as most enjoyed the sexual-oriented style of the song and the production, though some felt the composition lacked originality. The accompanying music video, released on Volkova's YouTube channel, features a female as she witnesses her boyfriend cheating on her. Volkova then helps her become more sexual, and takes her too a "Free Love Club", where both party. The video received positive reviews from critics.
Background.
In August 2011, Volkova had signed to the Russian label Gala Records, a subsidiary of EMI Records. While her studio album was in production, she released her first solo single entitled "Woman All The Way Down", which was also recorded in Stockholm, Sweden. Not long after, the Russian version and the music video were released on her website. The single turned out to be a buzz single. In March 2012, it was reported by the press that Volkova would be one of the 25 artists in the Russian final selection who would compete to represent Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan. The Russian broadcaster RTR later confirmed her participation among the other 25. She entered the competition with the Eurovision 2008 winner Dima Bilan as a duo with the song "Back To Her Future". They finished in second place with 29.25 points. The winning entry, "Party for Everybody" by the Russian ethno-pop band Buranovskiye Babushki, was 38.51 points ahead of them. She then recorded a studio version, which was released on iTunes not long after.
Composition.
"Didn't Wanna Do It" is a dance-oriented song, with elements of Europop and house music. According to Volkova on her website, "The song is a departure from t.A.T.u.’s signature sound that catapulted Julia to worldwide fame and critical acclaim but the new musical direction is undeniably her own." MuuMuse compared the lyrics to LMFAO by saying "The feisty brunette’s since ditched t.A.T.u.’s brooding act and decided to toss her head back, throw back a few shots and enter into LMFAO-like territory: “I didn’t wanna do it…but I did”. MuuMuse also compared the composition to Far East Movement saying "Julia laments across the bubbly, unhinged Euro-dance anthem, trading dooming synthesizers for Far East Movement-friendly thumps." "The Prophet Blog" noticed the production off auto-tune in the song and said it resembled 2NE1′s "I Am The Best" (2012). It also commented on the lyrics, saying it "seduces another woman, then regrets it and claims she never wanted to do it in the first place."
For the release off the Russian version, "Davai Zakrutim Zemlyu", the song's pitch is different to the original version so it can suit Volkova's vocals.
Release and artwork.
"Didn't Wanna Do It" was her first worldwide single. It was expected to be released in July 2012, but was delayed until 21 August 2012.
On 14 July 2012, Volkova, along with t.A.T.u.'s fansite AllMyLove.org, posted the picture of the single cover artwork on Facebook. The artwork, a drawing inspired by graphic novels, caused controversy among fans. It is said to be inspired by the Australian artwork of t.A.T.u.'s single "All The Things She Said", but many fans argued that it did not share any similarities.
Critical reception.
"Didn't Wanna Do It" received generally positive reviews from mainstream and independent music critics. According to Volkova herself, "With the collision of its stomping bass, raw, grinding synths and the infectious, unforgettable chorus this song has all the makings of a summer hit." MuuMuse gave it a positive review, describing it as catchy saying "It’s a ridiculously raunchy, filthy fun club cut, and that chorus ain’t leaving my brain anytime soon." "The Prophet Blog" gave it a mixed review, calling Volkova in the song "naive and innocent", while saying "With beauty created by the surgeon’s knife, buckets of autotune, and porno-pop music videos, Yulia is basically the Russian Nicki Minaj." However, he later went on to give the song and video a positive review stating that "Julia Volkova’s “Didn’t Wanna Do It” is flawless."
Music video.
The music video was premiered on MuuMuse on 31 July 2012. It was directed by Hindrek Maasik and shot in Cuba. Volkova said of the shooting, "I didn't expect that it would be so hot. We were constantly trying to hide in the shadows. The sun was just unbearable. I was sweating like a mouse the whole time and my make-up was leaking. It was such a pain to film."
The song starts with a female catching her boyfriend cheating on her with her own mother. After crying outside in the streets, she sees a flyer saying "LOVE PROBLEMS? CALL (S)EXPERTS: 69", which she dials. It turns out to be Volkova, who helps her become more sexual, taking her to her house where she tries out some clothes. The pair then drive to a "Free Love Party", where they both dance until the end of the song. An uncensored version was released on her website, with full frontal nudity and onscreen sex, though the censored version has only brief full-frontal nudity. 
A review from "The Prophet Blog" said 
Live performances.
On 27 August 2012, Volkova performed the Russian version of the song ("Davai Zakrutim Zemlyu") at Diskoteka Muz TV, in Riga, Latvia. Following the performance, she sang the Russian version of the song "Back To Her Future ("Lyubov' Suka"), with the Russian singer Dima Bilan. On 8 September 2012, Volkova performed at Ello Festival in Moscow, performing all the songs in Russian, including "Ya Soshla S Uma" ("All The Things She Said"), "Sdvinu Mir" ("All Because Of You") and "Davai Zakrutim Zemlyu" ("Didn't Wanna Do It").

</doc>
<doc id="36621770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621770" title="India–Rwanda relations">
India–Rwanda relations

Indo-Rwandan relations are the foreign relations between the Republic of India and the Republic of Rwanda. India is represented in Rwanda through its Honorary Consulate in Kigali. Rwanda has been operating its High Commission in New Delhi since 1998 and appointed its first resident High Commissioner in 2001.
Commercial and economic relations.
Rwanda sought GOI-supported EXIM Bank Line of Credit for construction of a 27.5 MW hydroelectric project on the Nyabarongo River to be executed by BHEL and Angelique International. A credit of US$ 80 million was approved and effectively been disbursed. The project is on schedule and is likely to be completed by the end of 2012.
The main items of Indian exports to Rwanda are pharmaceuticals, vehicles, plastics and machinery. Bilateral trade between the two countries stood at 210 million dollars and have seen a growth of over 350% in the time period between 2005 and 2009.
The Rwandan High Commissioner to India in an event organised by the Indian Council for World Affairs in July 2012 stated that in the year 2011 alone projects by Indian entrepreneurs worth over $US 200 million were registered in Rwanda. He further stated that other projects by Indian entrepreneurs valued at over US$1.0 billion are in the pipeline.

</doc>
<doc id="36621775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621775" title="Argynnina (Satyrinae)">
Argynnina (Satyrinae)

Argynnina is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36621828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621828" title="Elsa Baquerizo">
Elsa Baquerizo

Elsa Baquerizo McMillan (born 25 June 1987) is a Spanish beach volleyball player. As of 2012, she plays with Liliana Fernández. The pair participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and were eliminated in the round of 16 by the Italians Greta Cicolari and Marta Menegatti.

</doc>
<doc id="36621854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621854" title="Liliana Fernández">
Liliana Fernández

Liliana Fernández Steiner (born 4 January 1987) is a Spanish beach volleyball player. As of 2012, she plays with Elsa Baquerizo. The pair participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and were eliminated in the round of 16 by the Italians Greta Cicolari and Marta Menegatti.

</doc>
<doc id="36621863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621863" title="Madelein Meppelink">
Madelein Meppelink

Madelein Meppelink (born 29 November 1989, Rhenen) is a Dutch beach volleyball player. As of 2012, she plays with Sophie van Gestel. The pair participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and lost in the round of 16 to Brazilians Juliana Felisberta and Larissa França who eventually won the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36621867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621867" title="Argyronympha">
Argyronympha

Argyronympha is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36621872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621872" title="Sophie van Gestel">
Sophie van Gestel

Sophie van Gestel (born 29 June 1991, Oostelbeers) is a Dutch beach volleyball player. As of 2012, she plays with Madelein Meppelink. The pair participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and lost in the round of 16 to Brazilians Juliana Felisberta and Larissa França who eventually won the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36621875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621875" title="Slaven Dizdarević">
Slaven Dizdarević

Slaven Dizdarević (born 3 August 1981 in Sarajevo, SFR Yugoslavia) is a decathlete who represents Slovakia.
He finished 24th in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing and scored 7021 points.

</doc>
<doc id="36621889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621889" title="Marie-Andrée Lessard">
Marie-Andrée Lessard

Marie-Andrée Lessard (born 6 December 1977) is a Canadian beach volleyball player. As of 2012, she plays with Annie Martin. The pair took part in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and were eliminated after losing their three pool matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36621893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621893" title="Jorge Inocêncio">
Jorge Inocêncio

Jorge Inocêncio Pereira Dias (born 8 May 1993 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Trofense as a midfielder.
Football career.
On 29 July 2012, Inocêncio made his professional debut with Trofense in a 2012–13 Taça da Liga match against Aves.

</doc>
<doc id="36621920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621920" title="Erycinidia">
Erycinidia

Erycinidia is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36621934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621934" title="Ana Gallay">
Ana Gallay

Ana Gallay (born 16 January 1986) is an Argentine beach volleyball player. As of 2012, she plays with María Zonta. The pair participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and lost their three pool matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36621940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621940" title="Ministry of Economics (Latvia)">
Ministry of Economics (Latvia)

The Ministry of Economics of the Republic of Latvia () is the leading state administrative institution responsible for economic policy in Latvia. The ministry also represents the economic interests of Latvia in the European Union.
Minister for Economics.
The current Minister for Economics is Daniels Pavļuts, appointed in October 2011. His previous government post was State Secretary at the Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Latvia.
Functions.
The ministry develops and implements economic structural policy, manufacturing policy, energy policy, external economic policy, domestic market policy (for goods and services), commercial development policy, competitiveness and technological development policy, consumer rights protection policy, and construction and housing policy. To achieve these ends, the ministry works closely with non-governmental organizations representing entrepreneurs and other social partners.
EU Structural Funds.
The Ministry of Economics is also responsible for introducing and supervising programs and projects for EU Structural Funds. These funds are administered by the Investment and Development Agency of Latvia, a government agency responsible for promoting business development in Latvia by facilitating the growth of foreign investment and increasing the competitiveness of Latvian entrepreneurs in domestic and foreign markets. The Investment and Development Agency of Latvia is directly subordinated to the Ministry of Economics.
Subordinated institutions.
The Ministry of Economics oversees several government agencies in Latvia: the Investment and Development Agency of Latvia, Latvian Tourism Development Agency, the Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia, Competition Council, Consumer Rights Protection Center, and Public Utilities Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="36621943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621943" title="2012–13 Club Atlético River Plate season">
2012–13 Club Atlético River Plate season

The 2012-13 season is River Plate's first season back in the Primera División, following one season in the Primera B Nacional. Looking to 2013, Ramón Díaz will take care of the team.
Season review.
"See also" 2012–13 Argentine Primera División season
Transfers.
In:
Out:
Team kit.
These are the 2012–13 River Plate kits.

</doc>
<doc id="36621948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621948" title="Pavel Kysilka">
Pavel Kysilka

Pavel Kysilka (born 5 September 1958 in Boskovice) is a Czechoslovakian/Czech economist, who was head of the Central Bank of the Czech National Bank from 1997 to 1998. 
He graduated from the "National Economic Faculty" of the University of Economics, Prague in 1982. Afterwards, he became a "postgraduate" at the same university. In 1986, he started at the "Economic Institute" of the "Czechoslovakian Science Academy", before in 1990, returning to the University of Economics, Prague. 
From September 1990 to the end of 1991, he was an advisor to the Minister for Economic Politics and Local Affairs. Afterwards, he began as Deputy General Director to the Czechoslovakian State Bank, the forerunner to the Czech National Bank. On 20 May 1992, he was named as vice-head of the Central Bank, a position he held when Czechoslovakia split into Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993, and Czech Republic's new Central Bank, Czech National Bank was established. 
On 17 December 1997, head of the Central Bank, Josef Tošovský became Prime Minister in the Czech Republic's caretaker government which was formed by President Václav Havel, in the aftermath of Vaclav Klaus' minority government collapse in November 1997. Kysilka took over the role of head of the Central bank. On 22 June 1998, after the 1998 election, Tošovský went back to his role as head of the Central Bank, and Kysilka returned to being vice-head of the Central Bank. He continued in this role until 10 February 1999, and finished at the Central Bank on 30 September 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36621950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621950" title="María Zonta">
María Zonta

María Virginia Zonta (born 30 September 1989) is an Argentine beach volleyball player. As of 2012, she plays with Ana Gallay. The pair participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and lost their three pool matches.

</doc>
<doc id="36621951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621951" title="Desmond Tutu TB Centre">
Desmond Tutu TB Centre

The Desmond Tutu TB Centre, also referred to as the DTTC or Desmond Tutu Tuberculosis Centre, is a research facility committed to raising awareness about tuberculosis (commonly referred to as TB) and providing medical treatment and solutions to TB patients in South Africa. Founded in 2003 by Professor Nulda Beyers as the Centre for Tuberculosis Research and Education, the centre came under the patronage of Archbishop Desmond Tutu, Archbishop of South Africa and former TB survivor and, in 2005, changed its name to reflect the event. Since then, the DTTC has worked alongside Desmond Tutu to combat the health issue of TB in South Africa. It is currently directed by Professor Beyers. 
The Desmond Tutu TB Centre's mission is to make an impact by linking medical research, community involvement, public policy, and training of professionals in the field; specifically, it seeks to increase public awareness and lessen the stigma associated with TB, promote TB prevention and adherence to treatment, and increase TB case detection at a community level. Its vision is a "TB-free world for the next generation."
Location.
The Desmond Tutu TB Centre operates primarily in Tygerberg, South Africa, with multiple temporary field sites all around the neighboring city of Cape Town where centre employees conduct research, as well as test and treat community members. The main campus, where most of the medical research is conducted, is located at the Tygerberg campus of the University of Stellenbosch.
Vision.
The centre dwells at the intersection of research, training, policy, and community. Having produced over 400 scientific publications, the DTTC puts forth much energy and effort to improve health through research. It also focuses on training numerous masters and PhD students, health care workers, Department of Health advisors by providing courses to enhance their knowledge of the status of TB in South Africa. Thirdly, with the help of international partnerships, the centre has changed world childhood TB drug guidelines and assisted with national and provincial TB and HIV policies. And finally, the centre's various field TB sites engage community members, create jobs, and strengthen the overall health system.
Programs and projects.
Community Outreach.
Kick TB - Started in 2010, the Kick TB! initiative takes advantage of South Africa's national preoccupation with soccer by printing TB facts and health care instructions on soccer balls. The initiative was widely successful, reaching over 55,000 primary school students. It has since been adopted by the Department of Health and also been implemented across the globe in countries like Ghana and India.
Emasithandane - The DTTC has partnered with the children's organization Emasithandane, which provides a safe haven for AIDS orphans. The centre has supported this cause by donating clothes, helping with cleaning and gardening, and renovating Mama Zelphina Maposela's (founder) house. Currently the DTTC is working together with Emasithandane to build another site for the organization in Philippi, Cape Town.
The centre is also involved in the community by participating in local events. In July 2012, the centre arranged a clothing, food, and toy drive for the children in Brooklyn Chest Hospital.
Medical research.
Various medical studies are conducted in the centre, divided into two primary areas: pediatric TB and adult TB. Ongoing projects in both areas include investigation of how TB spreads in a community, diagnosis through different methods and new technologies, vaccinations, social factors, the effect of HIV, and access to care. Case-finding and tracking of the spread of the disease is another research emphasis.
Training.
The DTTC also organizes programs that promote a unified approach to operational research. Through workshops, clinical forums, and the Operations Research Assistance Project (ORAP), the DTTC develops relationships between public health practitioners and South African researchers in each province and aims to deliver findings and services locally. Funded by USAID and supported by the International Union Against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease, ORAP has conducted two workshops since 2009 and submitted 10 research proposals.
Involvement with Desmond Tutu.
Desmond Tutu, previous archbishop of South Africa, is the patron of the TB centre. His involvement in the centre includes the community assistance project in 2010 where he read to students at the Tygersig Library. In March 2012 he joined the Cape Argus Pick n Pay Cycle tour, a fundraising event for the centre. He has also supported one of the centre's causes by donating to Emasithandane, a children's organization started by Mama Maphosela, who houses and takes care of AIDS orphans. The archbishop is currently working with the centre to build another site for the organization in Philipi.
Partners.
The Desmond Tutu TB centre has collaborated with the Department of Health in the past over certain projects like the Kick TB! initiative. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has also worked with the DTTC on the ZAMSTAR project. Other partners include the Norwegian Scientific Council, USAID, URC, UBS Optimus Foundation, NIH, Thrasher research fund, Treat TB, Sir Halley Stewart Trust, South Africa Medical Research Council, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, PEPFAR, and Elizabeth Glazer Pediatric AIDS foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="36621954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621954" title="André Claro">
André Claro

André Filipe Claro de Jesus (born 31 March 1991 in Vila Nova de Gaia, Porto District), known as Claro, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Arouca as a forward.
Football career.
Claro arrived in F.C. Porto's youth system in 2002, aged 11. He went on to progress through every youth rank at the club, being occasionally summoned to the first team for training.
Released by the "Dragons" in the 2010 summer, Claro signed for F.C. Famalicão in the fourth division, scoring 14 goals in 32 games in his first season, which ended in promotion to the third level, and adding ten in 30 in the following.
For 2012–13 Claro joined F.C. Arouca in division two, netting in only his second game in the competition, a 3–0 away win against F.C. Penafiel on 22 August 2012. He contributed with 31 appearances and four goals as the club promoted to the top flight for the first time in its history.

</doc>
<doc id="36621959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621959" title="1353 in Ireland">
1353 in Ireland

Events from the year 1353 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36621978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621978" title="Titi Kwan">
Titi Kwan

Titi Kwan () is a Hong Kong born, Paris-based fashion designer and wardrobe stylist. From the mid-1990s he worked closely with Chinese singer/actress Faye Wong as her stylist before moving to Paris to become a full-time designer in the early 2010s.
Early life and education.
Titi Kwan's father was a tailor who worked from home, specialising in traditional Chinese garments. Aged 15, he moved to Paris to stay with his sister, where he was able to express his individual sense of style without feeling out of place. At the age of 18, Kwan enrolled in the Studio Berçot in Paris, where he learned about the history of fashion, and developed his sewing, cutting and design skills under the eye of Marie Rucki. He worked as a waiter to pay his tuition fees, and also found additional work as a stylist, eventually leaving the Studio in order to focus full-time on this.
As stylist.
During a trip back home to Hong Kong in the mid-1990s, Kwan met Faye Wong whilst looking for a performer to feature in a fashion magazine. This was the beginning of a long-running partnership between Wong and her new stylist, Kwan, who from that point on worked almost exclusively for her until she took a career break in 2004. Wong's first outfit was a Versace dress and flip-flops, whose modernity came as a surprise to many of her fans who were used to conservative, late 1980s styles. Wong and Kwan also looked at clothes by up-and-coming avant-garde designers such as Dries Van Noten and Martin Margiela. Whilst working with Kwan, Faye Wong became known as the "Madonna of the East".
Though described as a fashion visionary and an "uber stylist", Kwan maintained an inscrutable, low-key personal profile, allowing his work to represent him. He has been compared to fellow celebrity stylists Nicola Formichetti and Rachel Zoe, and called "Asia's most infamous stylist".
Fashion designer.
Faye Wong's four-year career break in 2004 enabled Kwan to pursue fashion design, and develop his vision. In 2008, he presented his first collection at the Hyères fashion festival, where it was shortlisted. The collection was taken up by Maria Luisa Poumaillou, who sold it through her Paris boutique. Despite this early success, Kwan chose not to design again until 2011, when he felt more confident about his skills. His label, which is titled Alibellus+, is divided into three separate ranges - separates and casual wear, a line of dresses with handmade finishing and detail, and unique pieces made from vintage textiles.
Kwan's designs, which start with draping fabric on a form before sketching or devising a pattern, combine bias cutting and draping with folding techniques to create garments designed for movement and comfort. He cites the 1920s-30s designer Madeleine Vionnet, renowned for her bias cutting techniques and precision of finish, as an important influence on his work. The work of the photographer Richard Avedon and filmmakers Wim Wenders and Jim Jarmusch are also sources of inspiration.
Kwan has collaborated with Christophe Lemaire of Hermès and Martine Sitbon. He also continues to work closely with Faye Wong, creating costumes for her 2011 world tour, including a goddess gown made from a single piece of fabric, and a dramatically flowing gown using over 100 metres of layered chiffon.

</doc>
<doc id="36621981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621981" title="Un soir au club">
Un soir au club

Un soir au club may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="36621983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621983" title="Hyalodia">
Hyalodia

Hyalodia is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36621996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621996" title="Nélson Sampaio">
Nélson Sampaio

Nélson Roberto Magalhães Sampaio (born 4 April 1992) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Leixões S.C. as a defender or a defensive midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36621999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36621999" title="Adrián Gavira">
Adrián Gavira

Adrián Gavira Collado (born 17 September 1987 in Cadiz) is a Spanish beach volleyball player. He currently plays with Pablo Herrera. The pair participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament and lost in the round of 16 to Brazilians Ricardo Santos and Pedro Cunha.

</doc>
<doc id="36622003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622003" title="Ossie Butt">
Ossie Butt

Osmond "Ossie" William Butt (7 February 1934 – 23 February 2002) was a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#379), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
International honours.
Butt represented New Zealand in 1956 against Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36622007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622007" title="2012 Vintage Yachting Games – Soling">
2012 Vintage Yachting Games – Soling

The Soling was an event on the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games program at Lake Como, Italy. Six out of the nine scheduled race were entered. 39 sailors, on 13 boats, from 7 nations entered.
Venue overview.
Race area and Course.
Of the three Campo's (Race Area's) available for the 2012 Vintage Yachting Games at Lake Como Campo Charlie was used for the Soling event. In general this Campo is situated in front of the city of Bellano.
For the 2012 edition of the Vintage Yachting Games three different courses were available. The Soling could only use course 2.
Wind conditions.
The Northern part of Lake Como was reportedly a thermic wind venue. In this time of year the normal situation is that at about 13:00 the Swiss mountains are heated up and a Southern wind hits the racing areas with about 10 to 14 knots. As result of this no races were scheduled in the morning. Unfortunately during the event the temperature in Switzerland were low. Also was the thermal South breeze battling with the gradient wind from the North. As result the actual wind did not came above the 8 knots during the races and was instable at times.
Campo Bravo has normally a tendency to have a slightly higher wind speed than the two other Campo's this due to the fact that it is more Northern than Charlie so that the Southern thermal breeze is strengthened and that the fact that the lake narrows in front of Dervio.
Races.
Summary.
In the Soling six out of the planned nine races were completed.
The Soling class (Olympic between 1972 – 2000) really brought the top sailors of their countries to Lake Como. When the races started it could be anyones series. When the dust of the first two days of racing was settled Peter Neumann, Rudolf Rager, Rudolf Hubauer, form Austria, Igor Yushko, Sergiy Pichugin, Dmitriy Yarmolenka, from Ukraine and Rudy den Outer, Gavin Lidlow, Ramzi Souli, from The Netherlands, were battling for gold. In the final race the decision came: UKR gold, AUT bronze and NED silver.

</doc>
<doc id="36622008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622008" title="Tilefonise mou">
Tilefonise mou

Tilefonise mou (Greek: "Τηλεφώνησέ Μου"; English: "Call me") is the 21st studio album by Greek singer Vasilis Karras. It was released in Greece in 1996 by Minos EMI. It reached 2× platinum status. It's the first collaboration of Vasilis Karras with songwriter Phoebus.
Track listing.
All the lyrics and music: Phoebus

</doc>
<doc id="36622009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622009" title="Pedro Cunha (volleyball)">
Pedro Cunha (volleyball)

Pedro Cunha (born 10 June 1983 in Rio de Janeiro) is a retired Brazilian beach volleyball player. He partnered with Ricardo Santos at the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36622014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622014" title="Lamprolenis">
Lamprolenis

Lamprolenis is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36622017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622017" title="ABC Development Corporation">
ABC Development Corporation

ABC Development Corporation (also known as Associated Broadcasting Company) is a Filipino-owned media company based in Mandaluyong City, Philippines. The company was spearheaded by the late Edward Tan, broadcasting and advertising veteran in 1992, when he led a group of investors that revived the Associated Broadcasting Corporation which was founded by Joaquin "Chino" Roces on June 19, 1960. Presently, it is owned by MediaQuest Holdings, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary and part of the beneficial trust fund of the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company headed by business tycoon Manuel V. Pangilinan.
Among its assets are the broadcast television networks TV5 and AksyonTV, and the radio network Radyo5 92.3 News FM, satellite television channels Colours, Hyper and Weather Information Network, and media portals Kristn.com, Balut Radio and News5 Everywhere.
History.
Origin.
Joaquin "Chino" Roces, owner of the Manila Times was granted of a radio-TV franchise from Congress under Republic Act 2945 on June 19, 1960. He then founded the Associated Broadcasting Corporation and the channel "ABC 5" with the call sign DZTM-TV and its first studios along Roxas Boulevard, becoming the fourth television network established in the country. ABC operated radio and television services from 1960 until September 21, 1972 when President Ferdinand E. Marcos declared Martial Law. Both ABC and the Manila Times were forcibly shut down as a result.
Revival.
After the People Power Revolution in 1986, Chino Roces made a successful appeal to President Corazon Cojuangco-Aquino for the restoration of the network.
New stockholders led by broadcast veteran Edward Tan and Chino Roces's son Edgardo then began the arduous task of resuming broadcasts. The Securities and Exchange Commission granted their application for an increase in capitalization and amendments to ABC’s articles of incorporation and by-laws. They were subsequently granted a permit to operate by the National Telecommunications Commission (NTC).
ABC inaugurated its new studio complex and transmitter tower in San Bartolome, Novaliches, Quezon City in 1990, which was used until 2013; and began test broadcasts by the end of 1991; officially returning on air as the ABC-5 on February 21, 1992, with ABC Development Corporation as the new corporate name. Its radio counterpart, Kool 106.7 was launched at the same time. Later, it acquired a new franchise to operate on December 9, 1994, under Republic Act 7831 signed by President Fidel V. Ramos.
In 1999, ABC was awarded the channel 47 frequency in Metro Manila, the last remaining UHF frequency in the market, with a powerful transmitting capacity, christening it DWDZ-TV. However, has been inactive since 2003.
Cojuangco era.
In October 2003, ABC was acquired by a group led by businessman Antonio "Tonyboy" Cojuangco, Jr. served as Chairman of the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company (PLDT) from 1998-2004 and owner of Dream Satellite Broadcasting and Bank of Commerce, among other assets.
Its biggest achievement was when its flagship channel, ABC, won as the "Outstanding TV Station" award at the 2005 KBP Golden Dove Awards, with several other programs on the network also earning awards in their respective categories.
In early 2007, ABC suffered a setback when it implemented a series of budget cuts, primarily directed towards its news department, which laid off most of its employees.
On 2008, ABC-5 was rebranded as "TV5" as it enters a partnership with MPB Primedia Inc., a local company backed by Media Prima Berhad of Malaysia as part of a long-term strategy to make the station more competitive. This caused the revitalization of its ratings from 1.9% in July 2008 (prior to the re-branding) to 11.1% in September 2009.
Acquisition by PLDT.
On October 20, 2009, Media Prima announced that it would be divesting its 70% share in TV5 and selling it to the Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company's broadcasting division, MediaQuest Holdings, Inc. to recover its assets from the global financial crisis. It 
was formally acquired on March 2, 2010 as announced by PLDT chairman Manuel V. Pangilinan. TV5 was reformatted on April 4, 2010 with a new lineup of programming and branding as the "Kapatid" ("sibling") network. Dream FM was retained under Cojuangco management with TV5 as licensee until June 2011.
On October 1, 2010, TV5 took over the management of MediaQuest's Nation Broadcasting Corporation stations; DWFM was re-launched as a TV5-branded news radio station on November 8, 2010, Radyo5 92.3 NewsFM, and DWNB-TV was re-launched as AksyonTV on February 21, 2011, a news channel based on TV5's newscast "Aksyon".
In June 2011, Sports5 began a deal with the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation to produce sports programming for the network under the brand "AKTV". The blocktime deal ended on May 31, 2013.
Through co-owned Pilipinas Global Network Ltd., international channels Kapatid TV5 and AksyonTV International were launched in April 2011. The channels were available in Europe, Middle East, North Africa, Guam, and the United States.
Through affiliate Cignal, the network launched its own satellite television networks: lifestyle channel Colours, sports channel Hyper, and Weather Information Network (now defunct). The channels were launched on April 14, 2012.
TV5 has also entered the social media space as it launched its online lifestyle site Kristn.com. The network launched an Pinoy online music portal Balut Radio and news video content site News5 Everywhere.
ABC Development Corporation CEO, Rey Espinosa, will set to step down to assume his new post as Associate Director of the First Pacific Company Ltd., PLDT's majority owner. He will be replaced by Noel C. Lorenzana, the current Head of the Individual Business for the PLDT Group. The move was done on June 1, 2013.
By December 23, 2013, the network relocated and began broadcasting from its new headquarters, the 63,000-sqm TV5 Media Center located in Reliance, Mandaluyong; vacating its Novaliches complex, which is in use from 1992, as well as its studios in Delta Theater (Quezon City), Broadway Centrum (New Manila), Marajo Tower (Bonifacio Global City) and the PLDT Locsin Building (Makati). The transmitter of TV5 remained in Novaliches area. Phase 1 already completed while Phase 2 of the building is under construction.

</doc>
<doc id="36622026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622026" title="Sébastien Chevallier">
Sébastien Chevallier

Sébastien Chevallier (born 14 July 1987) is a Swiss beach volleyball player. He partnered with Sascha Heyer at the 2012 Summer Olympics tournament where they lost in the round of 16.

</doc>
<doc id="36622031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622031" title="Nesoxenica">
Nesoxenica

Nesoxenica is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36622035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622035" title="Peter Turner (rugby league)">
Peter Turner (rugby league)

Peter John Turner is a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#386), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career.
International honours.
Peter Turner represented New Zealand in 1959 against Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36622036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622036" title="2012 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000">
2012 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000

The 2012 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 was an Australian touring car motor race for V8 Supercars, the twenty-first race of the 2012 International V8 Supercars Championship. It was held on Sunday, 7 October 2012 at the Mount Panorama Circuit on the outskirts of Bathurst, New South Wales, in Australia.
The Ford Performance Racing duo of Will Davison and John McIntyre started the race from pole position. Jamie Whincup and Paul Dumbrell won the race, ahead of David Reynolds and Dean Canto in second place, and Craig Lowndes and Warren Luff completing the podium. Whincup and Dumbrell's race time of six hours, sixteen minutes and one-point-three seconds was the second-fastest race time in the history of the event.
Background.
The 2012 race was the sixteenth running of the Australian 1000 race, which was first held after the organisational split between the Australian Racing Drivers Club and V8 Supercars Australia that saw the Bathurst race run twice in 1997 and 1998, with one race open to V8 Supercar entries, and the other open to Super Touring cars. The schism was repaired in time for the 1999 race, with the race being open exclusively to V8 Supercars.
The 2012 race will also be the 56th race for which the lineage can be traced back to the 1960 Armstrong 500 – held at Phillip Island – and the 53rd to be held at Mount Panorama; the two separate races of 1997 and 1998 are recoginsed as four individual runnings of the event. Race organisers plan to use this race to celebrate the 50th year since the race first moved from Phillip Island to Mount Panorama in 1963, though it was not until 1973 that the race was run over ; from 1963 to 1972, the race was run over .
The Holden Racing Team drivers Garth Tander and Nick Percat were the defending race winners.
Entries.
All twenty-eight cars which contest the regular V8 Supercar season took part in the race, plus one "wildcard" entry—a car that is only entered in the endurance races—prepared by Minda Motorsport and operated by Kelly Racing. Each car was driven by its regular driver, who contests the full International V8 Supercar Championship, and a guest driver, who only took part in the Bathurst race and its prologue, the Sandown 500. These guest drivers were recruited from a variety of racing categories, including the Dunlop Development Series (such as Nick Percat, partnering Garth Tander), the V8 Ute Racing Series (such as Chris Pither, partnering David Wall), and the New Zealand-based V8 SuperTourer Series (such as John McIntyre, partnering Will Davison), among others. Each driver was required to complete at least 54 laps of the race, with the teams given the freedom to allocate those laps as they see fit.
The only exception to this applied specifically to the Kelly Racing—Minda Motorsport "wildcard" entry. This car was be driven by Cameron Waters and Jesse Dixon, both of whom won the opportunity to drive as part of the "Shannons Supercar Showdown", a reality television programme created by Kelly Racing. Waters, who won the 2011 competition, was a late entry to the grid; the car was originally scheduled to be driven by Dixon, the 2012 winner, and Australian television personality Grant Denyer. However, Denyer was forced to withdraw two weeks before the race due to injury, and Waters was drafted in to replace him. Together, Waters (18) and Dixon (19) formed the youngest driver line-up to enter the race in its fifty-year history.
Report.
Free practice.
The first free practice session took place on the Thursday morning before the race, taking the form of a fifty-minute timed session open to all drivers, though most teams elected to run only their primary drivers. The session passed without incident, and Michael Caruso – driving for Garry Rogers Motorsport – finished the session fastest, one-tenth of a second ahead of championship leader Jamie Whincup and the Ford Falcon of Shane Van Gisbergen. Cameron Waters, driving the Kelly Racing—Minda Motorsport wildcard entry, finished in twenty-ninth and last place, five and a half seconds behind Caruso, and two and a half seconds behind the sister Kelly Racing car of Karl Reindler and Daniel Gaunt in twenty-eighth place.
The second forty-five minute free practice session early on Thursday afternoon was limited to co-drivers. Britek Motorsport's Chris Pither became the first driver to crash when he locked up one of his front wheels at the end of Mountain Straight, understeering into the tyre wall on the outside of Griffins' Bend. Although the damage was minor, the session was suspended for thirteen minutes to allow the circuit to be cleared, and the car was retired to the garage for the remainder of the session. Warren Luff – partner to Craig Lowndes in the #888 Triple Eight Race Engineering Commodore – finished fastest, ahead of Andrew Jones and Steven Richards. In his first appearance in a V8 Supercar, Jesse Dixon finished twenty-ninth, the Kelly Racing—Minda Motorsport setting a fastest lap that was five seconds slower than Luff's time. Stone Brothers Racing driver Lee Holdsworth also took part in the session, despite being a primary driver rather than a co-driver, testing Ford's "Car of the Future" prototype to gather data on tyre performance for tyre supplier Dunlop. Holdsworth also drove the car in two of the Dunlop V8 Supercar Series support race practice sessions.
The first day of running ended with a fifty-minute session late on Thursday afternoon. Like the first session, it ran without incident, though drivers were cautioned when kangaroos were spotted on Conrod Straight. Jamie Whincup ended the session on top, half a second faster than Will Davison. Whincup's final flying lap was nearly a second faster than Davison, who subsequently narrowed the margin with his own final lap. After Pither's accident sidelined the Britek Motorsports car for most of the second session, the car was repaired and its regular driver, David Wall was able to complete the session, finishing twenty-third overall.
Practice resumed on Friday morning, with a second session open only to co-drivers. The session was incident-free, and at the end of fifty minutes, Scott McLaughlin – partnering Tekno Autosports' Jonathon Webb – was fastest, a tenth of a second quicker than Jamie Whincup's partner, Paul Dumbrell. Once again, Jesse Dixon finished the session last in the Kelly Racing—Minda Motorsport wildcard entry, but improved his best time from the second practice session by two seconds, but was shown the bad sportsmanship flag for abusing the limits of the circuit while going through The Esses.
The Triple Eight Race Engineering pair of Jamie Whincup and Craig Lowndes topped the final free practice session before qualifying, with Whincup half a second faster than his team-mate. The session was suspended twice due to incidents; the first came when Tony D'Alberto made contact with the wall at McPhillamy Park, damaging his front tyre and elected to stop on the circuit rather than risk further damage to the car ahead of qualifying. The second interruption came shortly after D'Alberto's car was cleared from the circuit when Tim Slade got caught in the gravel trap on the outside of Murray's Corner.
Mark Winterbottom set the fastest time in the final practice session, held on Saturday morning. Garth Tander was second-fastest, three tenths of a second behind Winterbottom, while Winterbottom's team-mate, Will Davison was third-fastest. Dick Johnson Racing's James Moffat finished the session in twenty-ninth, some thirty-six seconds off Winterbottom's time after his car broke a tailshaft that ripped an oil line free from underneath the car, causing enough damage to sideline the #17 entry for the remainder of the session.
Qualifying.
The forty-minute qualifying session was held on Friday afternoon. It decided positions eleven through to twenty-nine on the grid, with the top ten drivers advancing to the Top 10 Shootout, to be held on the Saturday afternoon. During the Friday session, drivers were free to complete as much running as necessary to set a competitive lap time, but with the knowledge that their tyre allocation for the weekend was limited and that they would have to qualify on tyres that they would later use the race, the drivers had to balance their desire to set a fast time against the need to preserve as many tyres as possible for Sunday's race.
The session was red-flagged and suspended almost as soon as the circuit was open, when Holden Racing Team driver Garth Tander locked one of his tyres up at the end of Mountain Straight and understeered into the barrier on the outside of Griffins' Bend, in an incident similar to the one Chris Pither experienced in free practice. Tander was able to extricate himself from wall with largely cosmetic damage, and he limped back around the circuit to the pits while safety crews cleared away the fluids spilled by his Commodore in the accident. Tander's team were able to patch up the damage with sheets of tape, and while he was later heard on the radio complaining of his inability to stop the car and seen spinning at Hell Corner, he would ultimately set a lap time that would prove fast enough for a place in the Top 10 Shootout.
Michael Caruso set the early pace in the session, but he was unable to maintain it for long and was soon supplanted by the Ford Performance Racing cars driven by Mark Winterbottom and Will Davison. The lead would change several times throughout the session, but it was not until Jamie Whincup set his first competitive lap time that the leader board began to stabilise, and from that point on, it became a fight between Whincup and the Fords that Craig Lowndes briefly entered into, but soon turned his attention to securing a place in the Top 10 Shootout.
Elsewhere, several other drivers encountered troubles; James Moffat very nearly spun coming out of the Skyline, and was forced to apply opposite lock to his steering wheel to avoid the walls. He was later seen spearing off the road at the Chase, having misjudged his braking point and running through the grass on the outside of the left-hander. Jason Bright had a similar off-track excursion, but like Moffat, he was able to avoid the walls.
As the session began to wind down to a close, drivers started producing lap times that were increasingly competitive. Jonathon Webb, Bright, Rick Kelly and James Courtney had all looked to secure places in the Top 10 Shootout, but were all pushed out in the dying minutes. After forty minutes, Whincup had set the fastest time, ahead of Fabian Coulthard, who had produced a late flying lap to secure second. Mark Winterbottom edged out team-mate Davison for third place, ahead of Craig Lowndes, Shane Van Gisbergen, and Tim Slade. Despite his early accident, Tander recovered to eighth, having run as high as third before the final push for lap times. Steve Owen and David Reynolds both qualified in the top ten, though Reynolds was forced to wait anxiously as several other drivers – including Lee Holdsworth and Webb – still had enough time to record one final flying lap, though neither were able to surpass his time.
Webb ultimately missed the cut-off by seven hundredths of a second, leaving him eleventh alongside Bright, with Kelly and Courtney filling out the seventh row of the grid behind them. Holdsworth's final lap left him fifteenth, alongside early pace-setter Caruso. Team-mates Moffat and Steven Johnson took sixteenth and seventeenth, alongside Todd Kelly in the second Jack Daniels' Racing car, in what would be his final appearance in a Holden, having injured his shoulder in a training accident that would force him to miss the final four races of the 2012 season, while his team would switch to fielding Nissan Altimas in 2013.
Michael Patrizi qualified twentieth alongside Kelly, while Dean Fiore and David Wall out-qualified 2011 pole-sitter Greg Murphy in his second race back from a recurring back injury. Tony D'Alberto qualified twenty-fourth in the slowest of the Ford Falcons, ahead of Russell Ingall in twenty-fifth and Jack Perkins in twenty-sixth, Perkins having qualified the Garry Rogers-prepared Fujitsu Commodore in the place of regular driver Alexandre Prémat. Taz Douglas and Karl Reindler completed the last full row of the grid, leaving Cameron Waters and Jesse Dixon in twenty-ninth and last place, two-point-seven seconds adrift of Whincup's time.
Top 10 Shootout.
The Top 10 Shootout took place at 16:30 on Saturday afternoon. Each of the ten fastest drivers in Friday qualifying were given one lap to set record a final qualifying time running in reverse order – so that the tenth-placed driver from Friday would go first, followed by the ninth-placed driver, all the way down to the fastest driver on Friday, who would be the last driver out – which would then decide the starting order to the top ten places on the grid.
David Reynolds was the first driver to take to the circuit. Conditions were considerably cooler and visibility lower than during the previous day's qualifying session, and Reynolds' lap time was half a second slower than his previous qualifying time. Steve Owen was the next driver out, setting a time that was over a second slower than Reynolds' and confirming that the conditions meant that lap times during the Shootout would not be as fast as the previous day's qualifying times had suggested. Several mistakes around the lap, particularly coming out of the Cutting, would also cost Owen dearly, and he would finish tenth overall.
Garth Tander was the first driver to better Reynolds' time, improving upon his time by four-tenths of a second. He was followed by Tim Slade, making his first appearance in the Bathurst Shootout. Slade, too, was fastest than Reynolds, but was unable to surpass Tander's time. Tander's place on provisional pole did not last long, as Shane Van Gisbergen took to the circuit fifth and established a new benchmark of 2:08.1791, which would prove difficult to beat. A poor first sector from Craig Lowndes left the three-time Bathurst winner struggling to record a competitive time, and with Van Gisbergen having been the fastest through the final sector, Lowndes ultimately had to settle for ninth.
Will Davison was the next to record a lap time, and while he had the advantage over Van Gisbergen in the first sector, he lost time in the second across the top of the mountain. Davison made a mistake whilst exiting the Chase, but held on by a tenth of a second to take provisional pole away from Van Gisbergen. By his own admission, small errors throughout the lap meant that Davison's hold on provisional pole was tenuous with three more drivers to come. His team-mate, Mark Winterbottom was next, and while they were evenly-matched through the first sector, Winterbottom lost time whilst traversing The Esses and was slower than Van Gisbergen.
Reports of rain on the initial climb up the mountain began to came in as Fabian Coulthard took to the circuit, and in-car shots clearly showed drizzle as he climbed Mountain Straight. Coulthard's lap was cautious, and while there was not enough water on the circuit to greatly affect his time, he would finish even further adrift of Davison in fifth place. The rain continued as the final runner, Jamie Whincup, started his flying lap, and the reigning champion was unfazed by the worsening weather as he passed through the first sector nine hundredths of a second faster than Will Davison. The second sector split, coming out of Forrest's Elbow, was even closer with Whincup in front by just two ten-thousandths of a second. But despite Davison's messy exit coming out of the Chase, Whincup lost time in the final sector, missing out on pole position by half a second. Thus, Davison claimed his first pole position at the Mount Panorama Circuit, with Whincup second. Van Gisbergen and Winterbottom filled out the second row of the grid, ahead of Coulthard and Tander, Slade and Reynolds, and the struggling Lowndes in ninth place alongside Owen.
Post-qualifying.
Race stewards handed Tekno Autosports' Michael Patrizi and Jonny Reid a five-place grid penalty for blocking Jason Bright during the Friday qualifying session, which Bright claimed prevented him from securing a place in the Top 10 Shootout. Patrizi, who had qualified in twentieth place on merit, would start the race from twenty-fifth place instead.
Final starting grid.
The following table represents the final starting grid for the race on Sunday:
Race.
Paul Dumbrell, starting from second on the grid, made the best start, but pole-sitter Will Davison was able to stay with him through Hell Corner and up Mountain Straight, seizing the lead by driving around the outside of Dumbrell through Griffins' Bend. Dumbrell was soon passed by Shane Van Gisbergen, who immediately started applying pressure to Davison. Meanwhile, Mark Winterbottom made a poor start and slipped down the order, fighting with Tim Slade and David Reynolds over seventh place. Steve Owen also went backwards at the start, having overshot his grid position when the grid was formed, and being overwhelmed by the fast-starting cars around him as the field headed up Mountain Straight.
Tyre management quickly became a big issue, when Craig Lowndes was forced to pit after just eleven laps with a tyre failure. Winterbottom was also forced to make an early stop with a similar problem, and both plummeted back down the order. The effect was somewhat negated by the first safety car intervention when Jonny Reid, driving the #91 Tekno Autosports entry, ground to a halt on the narrow climb out of the Cutting. Davison, Dumbrell and Garth Tander all elected to pit immediately, while Van Gisbergen stayed out on the circuit to take the lead of the race. Davison changed places with co-driver John McIntyre and quickly rejoined, but Dumbrell's stop was compromised when his team was forced to change the drivers'-side window, and by the time Jamie Whincup pulled out of the pits, he had lost a place to Nick Percat, the Holden Racing Team having capitalised on the slow stop to get the Tander—Percat Commodore out ahead of Whincup. Most of the field would pit under the safety car, and once racing resumed, McIntyre led from Lowndes and Luke Youlden and Dean Canto in Van Gisbergen's and Reynolds' cars respectively; Canto quickly reeled Youlden in and passed him as they emerged from Forrest's Elbow and the circuit opened up onto Conrod Srraight.
Whincup's lead did not last long, as he returned to the pits with a delaminated tyre and fell to twenty-first; McIntyre reported a similar problem and pitted, but the Ford Performance Racing pit crew could find nothing wrong with the tyre and he rejoined in twenty-second as Lowndes inherited the lead. Percat triggered a second safety car when he crashed coming down through The Esses on the approach to Forrest's Elbow, and although he was able to return to the pits under his own power, he had left a trail of debris on the racing line, necessitating the safety car. His Holden Racing Team crew would ultimately be able to repair the car and send it back out, but twenty laps off the lead. Meanwhile, the field pitted again, but Whincup and McIntyre remained out and resumed the race in first and second. By this point, only Whincup, Lowndes and Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport driver Taz Douglas were the only regular drivers out on the circuit, and Whincup took full advantage of a field of co-drivers to build up a thirteen-second lead.
Whincup's strategy began to work against him when the race saw the third safety car in the space of fifty laps. Having just stopped for a brake pad change, Steve Owen found himself at the end of Mountain Straight with no brake pressure and spun at speed into the barriers on the outside of Griffins' Bend. Owen was uninjured, but the car was critically damaged, and would not return to the race. The field bunched up again, and Whincup handed control of his car back to Dumbrell as the rest of the field swapped for their regular drivers. Craig Lowndes was held up in the pit lane waiting for Whincup to complete his stop and fell from fourth to twelfth as a result, while John McIntyre spun at Hell Corner and was forced to perform a three-point turn to escape the run-off, dropping from second to twentieth. More problems ensued when he made his scheduled stop and left the car in gear once it was raised onto its jacks; as the spinning wheels were dangerous for the pit crew, the team was handed a penalty by race stewards. Back on the circuit, Dumbrell took advantage of the slower, non-pitting cars of Craig Baird – driving for Lee Holdsworth – and Andrew Thompson, sharing with Slade, to hold off Reynolds, Jason Bright, Michael Caruso, James Courtney and Van Gisbergen.
The race began to settle down, with drivers aiming for targeted lap times and attempting to avoid kerbs as much as possible to preserve the life of their tyres; the kerb on the outside of Griffins' Bend and on the inside of the left-hander at the Chase were earmarked as the ones to avoid where and when possible. Dumbrell maintained a steady lead over Reynolds, while Caruso, Courtney and Mark Winterbottom rounded up and passed Bright. Greg Murphy and Tony D'Alberto had also fought their way up into the top ten, having started twentieth and twenty-third respectively, while Van Gisbergen was shuffled back down the order when one of his tyres failed after just eight laps.
A further safety car was needed on lap 91, when David Besnard spun the #14 Brad Jones Racing Commodore at Skyline. He narrowly avoided hitting the wall, but beached himself in the gravel trap and needed assistance to be extracted, triggering the safety car. This brought about another wave of pit stops, and with it, the first major strategy deviations. Triple Eight had been running their cars in twenty-three lap windows, the maximum they felt was viable on the tyres; by comparison, Rod Nash Racing was running longer stints, so that when the race resumed, Whincup and Dumbrell only had enough fuel to reach lap 108, whereas Reynolds and Canto could make it to lap 119 before needing another stop. The advantage of this came into effect with the fifth deployment of the safety car when Andrew Jones burst a tyre on the second Brad Jones Racing Commodore and went off at Murray's Corner. Needing less fuel than those around him, Reynolds was able to make a shorter stop and leapfrog from sixth to second place. Lowndes, on the other hand, suffered when he tried to perform the same feat, as he was once again forced to wait for his team to finish servicing Whincup before he could make his stop. Upon exiting his pit bay, Lowndes nearly made contact with David Wall and Alexandre Prémat, though he escaped without penalty for an unsafe release.
Brad Jones Racing's difficult day continued after the restart. Besnard had returned the #14 car to the pit, where the team changed the steering rack and manage to get the car back out onto the circuit, but Besnard went off again several laps later at the same place as where Jones had spun, calling for the sixth safety car of the race. When racing resumed, the order settled down into a rhythm once more, with Whincup leading Reynolds, Courtney, Caruso and Winterbottom. Davison, in the second factory-supported Ford, was constantly in trouble, pitting with tyres problems one lap and then being forced to make an unscheduled stop on the next. Van Gisbergen also found more trouble when Stone Brothers Racing miscalculated his team-mate's lap count by one lap, leaving them with no option but to bring Van Gisbergen in and put Luke Youlden back in the car so that Youlden could complete the minimum fifty-four laps. D'Alberto's charge through the field from twenty-third ended abruptly when he encountered mechanical trouble and was recalled to the pits where he spent a lap sitting in his pit bay while the team tried to diagnose his problem; he was later retired.
Davison's day went from bad to worse; contact with team-mate Youlden in the middle of the race had damaged his car, and the watts' linkage finally gave way forty laps later. Davison reported a roll bar snapping at the top of Conrod Straight, severing a brake line so that he found he had no brakes as he entered the Chase. He spun across the infield of the circuit, narrowly missing Fabian Coulthard – the #14 Commodore having been removed from the gravel trap again – and hitting the wall on the outside of the Chase. Davison was able to limp back to the pits and have the damage repaired, but he was taken completely out of contention by the incident. At the front of the pack, Whincup, Reynolds and Caruso pitted on lap 134, while Courtney tried to undercut them by pitting on lap 135, but lost third place to Caruso. Lowndes also pitting on lap 135 so as to avoid being double-stacked in the pit bay again. This marked the final pit stop of the race, thus allowing the front runners to make it to the finish without stopping again, but several pit crews warned their drivers that they would need to conserve fuel. Courtney, however, had an extra lap worth of fuel on-board compared to the other three drivers, which meant he had no such need to economise and took full advantage of it, passing Reynolds with twenty laps to go. Courtney's resurgence was short-lived; no sooner had he passed Reynolds than he was reporting problems with his tyres, and while he defended as best he could, Reynolds took the position back and set his sights on Whincup. Courtney was also rounded up by Michael Caruso and Lowndes, who had followed the same strategy as Courtney, but had managed his tyres properly. Lowndes was also able to pass Caruso for third, but Whincup and Reynolds were too far ahead for him to catch them, and Lowndes had to settle for third.
Meanwhile, Reynolds and Whincup were matching each other blow-for-blow. Where Whincup was becoming increasingly lean on fuel, Reynolds had the luxury of running his Falcon on the highest fuel setting, forcing Whincup to drive defensively. It soon became obvious that Reynolds was strongest down Conrod Straight, but was lacking traction at Hell Corner and The Dipper, and Whincup drove accordingly; aggressively through The Dipper to build up a lead down Conrod Straight, and then as defensively as he could through Murray's Corner and Hell Corner to build up a lead onto Mountain Straight. With each passing lap, Whincup was instructed by his pit wall to be increasingly conservative, while Reynolds was encouraged by his engineers to attack at every opportunity. In the end, Whincup picked his battles through The Dipper and Hell Corner to hold on for victory by just three tenths of a second, with Reynolds second and Lowndes third. James Courtney recovered late in the race to catch Caruso again, while Jonathon Webb and Scott McLaughlin were sixth ahead of Slade, Holdsworth, Russell Ingall and James Moffat completing the top ten. After struggling with tyre problems throughout the race, Mark Winterbottom was eleventh, while Will Davison's race ended in disaster, finishing twenty-fourth, eighteen laps down. The lone wildcard entry driven by Cameron Waters and Jesse Dixon was classified twentieth of twenty-five finishers, three laps behind the leaders.
Classification.
Qualifying.
Notes:
50th year celebrations.
Teams competing in the race chose to commemorate the fiftieth year of the event, with several commissioning special liveries inspired by historic race-winning cars:
Several other teams, including Stone Brothers Racing, Kelly Racing, Britek Motorsport, Tekno Autosports, and Walkinshaw Racing also raced with special liveries, but these were not inspired by historic designs.

</doc>
<doc id="36622044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622044" title="Switzerland national roller hockey team">
Switzerland national roller hockey team

The Swiss national roller hockey team is the national team side of Switzerland at international roller hockey. Usually it takes part in the FIRS Roller Hockey World Cup and CERH European Roller Hockey Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36622045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622045" title="Masetti">
Masetti

Masetti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36622049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622049" title="2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group II – Pool B">
2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group II – Pool B

Group B of the 2002 Fed Cup Americas Zone Group II is one of two pools in the Americas Zone Group II of the 2002 Fed Cup. Six teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team advancing to Group I in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36622055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622055" title="Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE Society">
Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE Society

The Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE Society (OCP) is a society for the Promotion of Eastern Christian Unity and Faith established under the Travancore-Cochin Literary, Scientific and Charitable Societies Registration Act, 1955. Formerly known as Orthodoxy Beyond Limits, it was changed to Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE in 2010, and received legal registration in July 2010.
OCP provides equal importance to Eastern and Oriental Orthodox Churches and its mission statement says that it "firmly believes that both the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Oriental Orthodox Churches are the true heirs to the One, Holy, Catholic and Apostolic Church of Christ, which was the Church of the apostles and the Holy Fathers", and "Let us unite together, let us pray together and let us act together for the Unity of Orthodoxy."
The Society's motto is "Seeking United Orthodox Christian Witness".
History.
OCP began as Orthodoxy Beyond Limits Forum in June 2007. Inspired by Rt. Rev Kyriakose Thottupuram of Chicago, George Alexander, Subin Varghese, Boaz John, formed the OBL Forum. Forum website was inaugurated by Mor Gregorious Gabriel of Trivandrum at Chicago in the presence of Chorbishop Kyriakose Thottupuram in July 2007 at Chicago, USA.
Initially it was a forum broadcasting Orthodox Christian news encompassing both Byzantine and Oriental Orthodox Churches. A board was constituted which consisted of Chancellor, Chairman, Vice Chairman and Secretary. The board then registered the forum and changed its outlook.
In 2010 Orthodoxy Beyond Limits Forum was changed to Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE Society, and registered under the Societies Registration Act. K C Jacob became chairman and the governing board was formed, with ten members.
Structure.
The OCP Society is registered as an NGO under the Travancore-Cochin Literary, Scientific and Charitable Societies Registration Act, 1955. It has an apex General Body from which the Executive Council is elected every three years. The Council comprises a chancellor, chairman, vice-chairman, secretary, treasurer, and five elected members.
According to the decision of the Executive Council and approved by the General Body an administrative Mechanism was instituted for Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE Society such as OCP Advisory Board and Ambassadors, OCP Associates and OCP Departments.
This consists of several selected representatives from different Orthodox Churches worldwide. They act as advisers and ambassadors make recommendations and suggestions to the Executive Council. The Panel of advisers also act as correspondents and consultants of OCP, and promotes the mission.
OCP Associates are external supporters, without voting rights.
Various departments are constituted. OCP Executive council members and OCP Advisory Board and Ambassadors, and OCP Associates provide their services simultaneously in each of the departments as needed. The Departments may hire employees according to need.The departments are External Church Relations, Public Relations, Finance, Publications, Church Research and Studies, Charity and Social Welfare and Technical Support.
The members of Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE are Orthodox Christian professionals from different disciplines who contribute their time and resources. The members are distributed worldwide representing different Orthodox Churches.
Membership.
Membership is provided to acting Orthodox Christians of both Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox Churches.
Activities.
OCP Media Network.
OCP Media Network provides news articles, information on Eastern and Oriental Orthodox Churches equally, resources on Orthodox faith and photographs from various Orthodox Churches. It is updated regularly with news, photos, articles, and events from the world of Orthodoxy. In particular, it broadcasts news and events from Ethiopian, Chinese, Pakistan, and Indonesian Orthodox Churches.
Official Meetings and Visits.
OCP society holds visits, interviews and meeting with several Orthodox Church delegations, notably with the Ethiopian Orthodox Church, Greek Orthodox Church, Armenian Apostolic Church in Lebanon, the British Orthodox Church, the Syrian Orthodox Church and the Orthodox Church of the Czech lands and Slovakia.
Visit to Brahmavar Orthodox Church and aftermath.
OCP delegation visited the Brahmavar Orthodox Community, (a reunited Latin Catholic Christian Community under the Indian Malankara Orthodox Church) in November 2009. A report was prepared and submitted with a number of resolutions to the Holy Episcopal Synod of the Indian Orthodox Church, and was published online. It contributed to the re-establishment of an episcopal diocese for Brahmavar after a gap of eighty-seven years. The report was published in The Glastonbury Review: Issue 119 (November 2010) under the title ‘Holy Brahmavar’.
Meeting with the delegation of Armenian Orthodox Church in Lebanon.
The meeting with the head of and delegation from the Holy See of Cilicia took place in 2010. It was more than a press conference which resulted in discussion on need for Eastern- Oriental Orthodox unity. This meeting paved the way to the meeting with the Syrian Orthodox delegation.
Meeting with Syrian Orthodox Delegation of Antioch and All East.
OCP delegation met with Syrian Orthodox Metropolitans who were the representatives of the Syrian Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch to Malankara during February 2011and also several other Pilgrims who were in Kerala to mark the 79th Dukhrono (memorial feat) of Saint Ignatius Elias-III of Manjinikkara.
It was considered to be an historic meeting since OCP delegation consisted of both Indian Malankara Orthodox Church Members as well as members of the Syrian Orthodox (Jacobite) Church in India. It was for the first time ever that some representations of both churches meet on an official platform ever since the schism between the Syrian Orthodox Church and the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church.
Visit to Ethiopia.
During the month of October 2013,OCP Society secretary George Alexander made an official visit to Ethiopia. He met with Abune Mathias the Patriarch of Ethiopia, also with Abune Thimotheos,the dean of Holy Trinity Theological College, with Archbishop Abune Samuel, Head of the Developmental Commission of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church. He was also fortunate to meet Greek Orthodox Archbishop Petros of Axum and all Africa. The visit was organized by Fr Dr Jossi Jacob who is the IMOC delegate to Ethiopia and Faculty at the Holy Trinity College in Addis Ababa. Secretary George made several discussions and official request to the Patriarchate to organize the second Addis Ababa Conferee in 2015. He also met and made interviews with eminent personalities like Dr Ralf Lee who is a convert to Ethiopian Church and also a faculty at the Trinity College.
Conference with Oriental Orthodox Prelates.
During the first week on 1 February 2014, Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE Society Delegation received the representatives of various Oriental Orthodox Churches (Coptic, Armenian, Indian and Ethiopian) at Samanvaya Ecumenical of the Indian Malankara Orthodox Church. OCP delegates urged for increasing the phase of Oriental Orthodox Unity and creating a permanent secretariat for administration needs.
Speech at I.A.O. Conference.
During the month of May 2014, OCP Secretary on the invitation of Interparliamntry Assembly on Orthodoxy (I.A.O.) to speak at the Mass Media Conference which was held in Thessaloniki Greece. Secretary George Alexander spoke on the subject ‘Seeking United Orthodox Christian Witness through Mass Media’. He urged for conciliar unity between Eastern and Oriental Orthodox Churches and called for creating international Orthodox Mass Media Centre. 
He was the only speaker at the conference from the ancient Oriental Orthodox communion as well as of the Indian origin representing India where he officially represented OCP Society. He also met with several Orthodox Prelates, journalist and dignitaries.
Projects and Institutes.
In 2013 Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE Society Executive Council approved two new projects. The first one is titled as MARP (Metropolitan Alvares Julius Research Project), which aims to promote research and publish known and unknown aspects of Metropolitan Julius, his life and mission. feature history, mission, life, and details of personalities like St Gregory of Parumala, Archbishop Rene Villate, famous Indian Orthodox and Syriac Orthodox Church Fathers, laymen who were directly and indirectly connected to Metropolitan Alvares. The second one is titled as Orthodox Christian Educational Institutions (OCEI),and was published in the month of May 2013. It is an effort to make a comprehensive list of Orthodox Christian higher educational institutions worldwide. It includes theological seminaries, institutions, academics, University faculties, Universities, iconography institutes etc. Related areas to Orthodox Christianity like Byzantine studies, Coptology, Armenian studies, eastern Christian studies, Hellenic Studies are also included. The list will be updated as per requirements. OCEI is considered to be the largest ever list of Eastern and Oriental Orthodox institutions published online till date.
OCP Foundation.
The OCP Foundation was launched in the year 2014 as a special initiative charted by the Executive Council of OCP with the approval of the General Body to honour personalities, organize human resource development activities, event management and sponsorship's, as well as to boost inter-orthodox cooperation and dialogues.
Rediscovery of Lost Orthodox Community of St Gregorius and the Independent Catholic Church.
In the month of September 2012, Ajesh T Phillip (OCP Delegate and Chief Project Coordinator - MARP) found lost Orthodox Christians of St. Gregorius of Parumala in Dindigul, in Tamil Nadu. An article was published about them. As per the decision of the Executive Council the OCP delegation visited this community in October 2012 and made further discussions and published extensive information about their faith, history, living conditions and life.
In the year 2013 Ajesh T Philip (OCP Delegate and Chief Project Coordinator - MARP) rediscovered the Chempatty church which was found in 1890 and belonged to the Independent Catholic Rite of the Indian Malankara Orthodox Church. The Church was lost during the period of 1956-57. Ajest Phillip rediscovered this church after a gap of 57 years. Duirng the month of December 2013 Metropolitan Dioscoros Yuhanon of the Chennai diocese of the Indian Malankara Orthodox Church made a historic visit to the Independent Catholic Church at Chempatty. Metropolitan and delegation from Madras diocese along with Ajesh T Philip (OCP delegate) met with caretakers of the Church. Metropolitan and the delegation also visited the St Gregorious community at Dindigul and made discussions with the leaders and faithful. He also visited their homes. Several people gathered to receive blessings from the prelate. It was decided that a new mission at Dindigul in The name of St. Gregorious will be created soon. ‘St Gregorious Mission Dindigul, will be under the jursitriction of the Madras diocese of the Indian Malankara Orthodox Church with the spiritual guidance of the Metropolitan Dioscoros. A new chapel is being planned to be constructed in the area. Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE Society will monitor the Mission activities. OCP Department of Church Researchand Studies will act as the consultant agency to the Mission and Ajesh Philip will hold the office of Chief consultant.
Publications.
OCP brought its first publication in 2008 on Orthodox Church Management. A copy of the book is kept in the National Sunday School Library of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church. OCP members regularly contribute articles in various national and international print and web media. OCP articles has been published in Glastonbury Review, Jerusalem Post, Travelujah,Pakistan Christian Post, Assist News, Ethiosun and so on.
Other Activities.
Receiving Historical Document.
During the visit of OCP Secretary to the Greek Metropolis in Addis Ababa, Fr Dr Jossi Jacob was presented with the historic Greek publication on the first Addis Ababa Conference which was held in 1965. Fr Jossi received the book from Greek Orthodox Archbishop Petros of Axum and Ethiopia on behalf of Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE Society. The Greek publication on Addis Ababa Conference is very rare. Only three copies exist, where one has been presented to OCP Society, one is kept at the Greek Archdiocese in Addis Ababa and the final copy is preserved at the Alexandrian Patriarchate archives.
Campaign for Eritrean Orthodox Church and Persecuted Christians in Eritrea.
OCP Society has taken special interest in broadcastingnews and speaking for the persecuted Christians of the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church and their third Patriarch, Abune Antonios. The article titled “Detained Patriarch, Persecuted Christians and a Dying Church”[8 written by OCP Secretary George Alexander had gained much international attention. It was published in several print and e-media. OCP Society in association with COLT Crew observed three days of fasting and prayer exercise titled Save Eritrea. All these activities have received support from Metropolitan Abba Seraphim and the British Orthodox Church.
Apart from this, OCP Media Network continues to publish news on persecuted Christians in Eretria, particularly on the status of the detained Patriarch Abune Antonis. In the month of May 2014, OCP Media Network released a clandestinely taken snap of Abune Antonios from a cellphone, which showed His Holiness looking tranquil and at peace, although still under house arrest. It remains the latest update on the canonical detained hierarch of the Eritrean Orthodox Church.
Iconography.
OCP has taken much initiatives in propagating the importance of Orthodox Icons particularly in the Indian Subcontinent. OCP had taken the initiative to write one of the first ever icons of St Gregorious of Indian, the first canonized Indian Saint.
Charity Initiatives.
OCP Society through department of Charity and Social Welfare reach out to the needy and poor since its founding in the year 2007. Charity works are provided in India for education and health needs.
Support to Orthodox Missions Worldwide.
OCP supports several Orthodox Missions worldwide through publicity, advertisement, reach out programmes, fund raising. Missions in Christian Minority places like Pakistan and Indonesia along with Orthodox minority areas like Philippines are catered.
Record breaking Lecture.
OCP Secretary made a record breaking lecture at Orthodox Theological Seminary (OTS) of the Indian Malankara Orthodox Church during the month of September 2012. He spoke on the topic “Orthodoxy in the Twenty First Century: Growth and Development”. Mr George highlighted the objective perspective of Orthodox faith (based on the article by Jaison Baysee), practical aspects of the growth and development of Orthodox Churches worldwide and identity of the Indian Malankara Orthodox Church. Mr George Alexander became the youngest person to lecture at the Orthodox Theological Seminary till date.
Network and Communication with Orthodox Churches and Pan-Orthodox Organizations.
Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE maintains fraternal relation and communications with several Orthodox Churches and Pan-Orthodox Christian organizations.
Approach to ecumenism.
OCP Society describes them as an organization exclusively dedicated to Orthodox Christian unity with ecumenical respect.
Orthodoxy Cognate PAGE consider ecumenism outside Eastern and Oriental Orthodox Churches that is to denote relationship and dialogue between Orthodox Churches and heterodox denominations. Inter-Orthodox/Intra-Orthodox relation is the term used to denote relationship among all Orthodox Churches.
It has been clearly stated in the OCP media Network website that general articles which will no way hinder the faith and teachings of the Orthodox Church shall be published as well as materials/news which will no way hinder the faith, teachings and unity of the Holy Orthodox Church shall be published.
The OCP society does not say no or yes to ecumenism or ecumenical dialogue but always emphasizes the fact that the fist and prime importance of all Orthodox Churches(Eastern and Oriental)is to establish unity and communion and to build a common platform and administrative structure based on Orthodox Christian conciliar system. It stresses on the need to establish continuous dialogue, not only between Eastern and Oriental Orthodox Church but also with Old Believers, new generation, non-canonical orthodox churches and with traditional Orthodox churches.
Administrative Hierarchy.
Chancellor.
Kyriakose Thottupuram of Chicago (From 2007)
Chairman.
Lejit George (2007–2010)
K C Jacob (From 2010)
Vice-Chairman.
Subin Varghese (From 2007)
Secretary.
George Alexander (From 2007) 
Treasurer.
Abraham P Koshy (From 2007)
Executive Council Members.
Fr Thomas P John, Dr Mariamma Jacob,Boaz John,Soney Cherian, Jacob Mathew
Representing Eastern and Oriental Orthodox Churches Worldwide to OCP Society.
Coptic Orthodox Church, Ethiopian Orthodox Church, Syriac Orthodox Church, Armenian Orthodox Church,Indian Malankara Orthodox Church, British Orthodox Church, Serbian Orthodox Church, Romanian Orthodox Church, Orthodox Church in America, and Georgian Orthodox Church.

</doc>
<doc id="36622057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622057" title="Paratisiphone">
Paratisiphone

Paratisiphone is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36622061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622061" title="A Generation Ago Today">
A Generation Ago Today

A Generation Ago Today is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell featuring standards associated with the Benny Goodman Sextet and Charlie Christian recorded in 1966 and 1967 and released on the Verve label. 
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 4 stars with its review by Scott Yanow stating "the now-obscure set has been out-of-print but the music is excellent".

</doc>
<doc id="36622062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622062" title="Ellis Auxiliary Field">
Ellis Auxiliary Field

Ellis Auxiliary Army Airfield is a closed military airfield. It was located 9.7 miles north of Marianna, Florida. 
History.
Originally constructed by the United States Army Air Forces in 1942 as one of four auxiliary airfields for the pilot training school at Marianna Army Airfield, its original designation was Ellis Auxiliary Army Airfield #1. The airfield was constructed with two asphalt 5,000-foot runways, each with a parallel taxiway.
The airfield was apparently unmanned, had no buildings nor any permanent units assigned. It was used for emergency and for touch-and-go landings as part of the pilot training school. With the end of World War II and the closure of Mariana AAF in 1945, the airfield was closed and abandoned.
In the years since, the airfield concrete and asphalt has been removed and today the land is in private ownership, being used for agriculture. Aerial imagery shows one small section of the southeast/northwest runway derelict and overgrown

</doc>
<doc id="36622066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622066" title="Municipality of Jesenice">
Municipality of Jesenice

The Municipality of Jesenice () is a municipality in northwest Slovenia. The seat of the municipality is the town of Jesenice. The municipality lies in the Upper Carniola region, in the Upper Sava Valley. It is bordered by the Karawanks and the Austrian border to the north, and by Mount Mežakla to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="36622073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622073" title="João Miguel Cândido Duarte">
João Miguel Cândido Duarte

João Miguel Cândido Duarte (born 21 May 1993) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Portimonense S.C. as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36622083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622083" title="Malone Auxiliary Field">
Malone Auxiliary Field

Malone Auxiliary Army Airfield is a closed military airfield. It was located 15.7 miles north-northeast of Marianna, Florida. 
History.
Originally constructed by the United States Army Air Forces in 1942 as one of four auxiliary airfields for the pilot training school at Marianna Army Airfield. Its original designation was Malone Auxiliary Army Airfield #2. The airfield was constructed with two asphalt 5,000 foot runways, each with a parallel taxiway.
The airfield was apparently unmanned, had no buildings nor any permanent units assigned. It was used for emergency and for touch-and-go landings as part of the pilot training school. With the end of World War II and the closure of Mariana AAF in 1945, the airfield was closed and abandoned.
With the reopening of Mariana AAF as Grahm Air Base in 1950 as a contract pilot training school, Bascom was rehabilitated as an auxiliary airfield for Grahm (Grahm #2) and was used for emergency landings. It was closed again in 1961 with the final closure of Grahm AB and again abandoned. 
Today the former airfield is visible in aerial imagery and is derelict with most of the former asphalt and concrete deteriorating. Sections have been removed but it mostly is abandoned to the elements. It is in private ownership.

</doc>
<doc id="36622096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622096" title="Platypthima">
Platypthima

Platypthima is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36622104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622104" title="North American Farms Airport">
North American Farms Airport

North American Farms Airport is a private airport, located 5.6 miles east of Malone, Florida.
Overview.
Opened in March 1992, the airport is used for crop dusting operations and the owner's private use.
History.
Originally constructed by the United States Army Air Forces in 1943 as one of four auxiliary airfields for the pilot training school at Marianna Army Airfield. Its original designation was Bascom Auxiliary Army Airfield #3. The airfield was constructed with two asphalt 5'000 foot runways, each with a parallel taxiway. 
The airfield was apparently unmanned, had no buildings nor any permanent units assigned. It was used for emergency and for touch-and-go landings as part of the pilot training school. With the end of World War II and the closure of Mariana AAF, the airfield was closed and abandoned.
With the reopening of Mariana AAF as Grahm Air Base in 1950 as a contract pilot training school, Bascom was rehabilitated as an auxiliary airfield for Grahm (Grahm #1) and was used for emergency landings. It was closed again in 1961 with the final closure of Grahm AB and again abandoned.
Today, only a section of the north/south runway of the former airfield's runway is in use, the asphalt surface being in marginal condition. The remainder of the airfield has had either the asphalt and concrete removed with the east/west runway lying derelict. It is not open to any general aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="36622105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622105" title="Neville Eden Gallimore">
Neville Eden Gallimore

Neville Eden Gallimore CD is a Jamaican politician who served as a member of the Parliament of Jamaica for South West St. Ann for over 30 years. He is a member of the Jamaica Labour Party and a Seventh-day Adventist. While in office, he was known for his slogan "God first, Jamaica second and my party third."
Career.
Gallimore was first elected to parliament in 1967, becoming the youngest member of the Jamaican Parliament at the time. He served as the Parliamentary Secretary for Foreign Affairs from 1969-1972, Minister of State for Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade between 1980 and 1984, Minister of Social Security from 1984-1986 and finally as Minister of Education from 1986 to 1989.
Awards and Honors.
Gallimore was awarded the Commander of the Order of Distinction by the Jamaican government in 1987. The government of Columbia also awarded him the Order of the Nation, one of the nation's highest honors.
Education.
A medical doctor, Gallimore graduated from Pacific Union College in 1961 with his undergraduate degree. He has received honorary degrees from Andrews University and Northern Caribbean University.

</doc>
<doc id="36622107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622107" title="Kinomap">
Kinomap

Kinomap is a complete end-to-end platform for creating, hosting, sharing and utilizing geolocation videos for user generated videos. It consists of a set of free mobile applications based on data acquisition and integration in cloud computing. Kinomap provides programming tools for Smartphones, tablets and GPS-enabled cameras to shoot videos synchronized with the navigational maps in order to create Geolocation Videos. Kinomap platform contains geolocation video shooting (2D, 3D, terrestrial and aero), applications for Smartphone and tablets (iPhones/iPads, Android, bada/Samsung and Windows Phone), data acquisition and integration, dedicated web portals and features like round-tour management, audio and video navigation, video tourism, indoor fitness training etc.
The maps combine the video with navigation routes, and adds physical data (like altitude, elevation, speed, pollution level, three-dimensional acceleration, bearing/direction, radioactivity, temperature and distance covered figures). During playback, a user may fast-forward the video to any desired point through video, map or graph. Navigation maps can be viewed in any one of several map formats including Google Map, Satellite, Terrain, Earth and OpenStreetMap (O.S.M.). A user may tag his respective Point of Interests on the map, identified during the journey, set Hot Spots, add notes or comments and specify a travel mode (pedestrian, car, bus, train, aircraft etc.).
Geolocation Videos.
Geolocation videos are videos with geolocation features. It is achieved by synchronizing user generated videos with the data related to the location and the navigation path of the user, highlighted on the maps, so that the viewer of the video gets more information apart from the video feed. A geolocation video may be used in several ways such as for grouping geographically similar videos or geotagged relevant videos, geotagging of videos by the user or the viewer, augmented reality during video chat, creating maps of nearby friends during video chat, 3-dimensional realization of triangular disaster or crisis spots using multiple video feeds, video-check-in feature,
History.
Kinomap has been developed and is maintained by ExcelLance SARL, a small software company from Douai,France founded in 2002, which specializes in Mobile Applications development, consulting, engineering, systems integration and outsourcing services in different sectors such as telecoms, bank and insurance, energy, transport, public authorities and administrations, industry, publishers, content editors and distributors.
Till 31 July 2012, Kinomap has hosted more than 20,000 Kilometers covered in more than 10,000 user generated geolocation videos from the Kinomap Contributors of 30 different nationalities, visitors from 85 different countries and hosts videos majorly related to fitness training, adventure sports and travel videos.
Features and Components.
Kinomap website was created for the purpose of hosting Geolocation Videos and organizing the Kinomap Community consisting of Kinomap Contributors and Kinomap Users. High Definition videos are supported and are available in the Kinomap video store. Neither the type of video format nor the resolution quality of the video and nor the video upload limit is restricted for a Kinomap Contributor.
A Kinomap Contributor is a free user who uploads his geolocation videos on the official website of Kinomap. The Kinomap platform consists of the Kinomap Website (www.kinomap.com), the Kinomap Community, and a pool of application software like Kinomap Maker, Kinomap Uploader, Kinomap Trainer, Kinomap Embedded Player and Kinomap API.
Kinomap Maker.
Kinomap Maker is a smartphone or tablet application supported on iOS (for iPhones and iPads), Android, Bada/Samsung and Windows Phone. It is used to shoot and upload geolocation videos from the mobile device but to upload the video, the user device must be connected to the internet. Also a user may send the shot video on email or may export his coordinates and the video.
Kinomap Uploader.
It is a desktop application, through which a Kinomap user may upload his video taken from his smartphone or GPS enabled camera onto the Kinomap website after suitably editing it. This application goes beyond the features of Kinomap Maker by adding newer features like video editing, video blur etc. This application enables the users to synchronize their video shot with GPS enabled camera with the map, to adjust the trajectory or route according to the video playback, choose points of departure, arrival, hot spots etc. Also, if some contents are not suitable in the video, the users may blur the area in the video in order to hide it during playback. All videos thus transformed into Geolocation videos get uploaded on Kinomap website and are by default public in nature.
Kinomap Trainer.
This application is based on one of the utilities of geolocation videos that the subscribed users may use the geolocation video for indoor training, practising or competing purposes. Primarily targeted for the workouts on treadmill, rowing machine and cycling machine, this application brings a sort of virtual instructor on one’s smartphone or tablet and directs to follow the trajectory of the video with similar pace and physical conditions for the workout. Now suppose any Kinomap Contributor has posted his marathon video or rowing video on Kinomap.com, then the users of Kinomap Trainer may create similar workout environment in their home over treadmill or Rowing Machine and practise along with the actor in the video. If the actor in the video is too fast, after a certain time, he will pause and wait for you to arrive and match him. If you are too fast then the actor will synchronize with you. Also along with the videos, the physical data like speed, direction, elevation etc. may help the trainee to create virtual environment similar to the video. This idea has been already adopted by many indoor training facilities and fitness centres. It is designed to ease the boredom of indoor training and can be utilized in multiple modes like smartphone, tablet, TV connected with your iPad/iPhone through Apple TV or on the Projector Screen. Video footage can be adjusted and parameters in your exercise machine can be changed according to the situation, e.g. when a biker goes up the hill, then he must pedal harder to progress and so the trainer may increase power. Also, any user may shoot his own video at distant location and use it for his future indoor training purposes or indoor workouts under self-set strict guidelines. Kinomap Trainer also has multiplayer feature, in which the trainer may invite his distant friends to join in his workouts or may compete with them. It has got a free trial of 5 minutes video playback over which a user needs to subscribe for the services.
Kinomap Embedded Player and Kinomap API.
Kinomap Embedded Player is a tool to embed the Kinomap geolocation videos into one’s personal website. Similarly, a person may embed Kinomap geolocation videos and the data acquisition into his application with the help of Kinomap API.
Partnerships and Awards.
ExcelLance has partnerships with CAP.Digital-Paris Region
, Pôle Régional Numérique, Nord-Pas-De-Calais Region
and is one of the supporters of Bik’Earth project
. Also, the application Kinomap Trainer has won awards like Macworld Editor’s Choice
, Cycling Plus magazine App of the Month
etc. and has featured in a number of magazines like Apps Magazine
, Mobile Choice

</doc>
<doc id="36622110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622110" title="Zipaetis">
Zipaetis

Zipaetis is a genus of satyrid butterfly.
Species.
Listed alphabetically.

</doc>
<doc id="36622124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622124" title="Billy Harrison (rugby league)">
Billy Harrison (rugby league)

William "Billy" Rapihana Harrison is a New Zealand former professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, who played at representative level for New Zealand (#408), and Wellington, at , i.e. number 1.
He is the brother of fellow former international Rata Harrison.
Playing career.
Harrison played for the Korodale club in the Wellington Rugby League competition, winning premierships in 1960 and 1961 and sharing another in 1963.
Representative career.
Harrison was a Wellington and New Zealand Māori representative before he was selected for the New Zealand Kiwis. He toured on the 1961 tour of Great Britain and France and represented New Zealand in 1961 against Great Britain, and France. Due to injury he played in only 10 games on tour, a broken jaw restricted his appearances. Despite this, he replaced the legendary Jack Fagan in the third test against Great Britain and the first test against France. Harrison proved himself to be one of the finds of the tour.
Injury prevented him playing for the Kiwis in 1963 but he was selected for the North Island side against the South Island.

</doc>
<doc id="36622125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622125" title="Cláudio Ramos">
Cláudio Ramos

Cláudio Pires Morais Ramos (born 16 November 1991 in Viseu) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Tondela as a goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="36622126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622126" title="Colorful Character">
Colorful Character

Colorful Character may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36622127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622127" title="Bishindeegiin Urantungalag">
Bishindeegiin Urantungalag

Bishindeegiin Urantungalag (; 24 February 1977 in Khentii Province) is a Mongolian archer. She competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the women's individual event, but eliminated in the round of 16 by Lee Sung-Jin.

</doc>
<doc id="36622129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622129" title="Warriors RC">
Warriors RC

Warriors RC is a Finnish rugby club in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="36622131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622131" title="Alliance Auxiliary Field">
Alliance Auxiliary Field

Alliance Auxiliary Army Airfield is a closed military airfield. It was located 14 miles southeast of Marianna, Florida. 
History.
Originally constructed by the United States Army Air Forces in 1943 as one of four auxiliary airfields for the pilot training school at Marianna Army Airfield. Its original designation was Alliance Auxiliary Army Airfield #4. The airfield was constructed with two asphalt 5'000 foot runways, each with a parallel taxiway.
The airfield was apparently unmanned, had no buildings nor any permanent units assigned. It was used for emergency and for touch-and-go landings as part of the pilot training school. With the end of World War II and the closure of Mariana AAF in 1945, the airfield was closed and abandoned.
In the years since, the airfield concrete and asphalt has been removed and today the land is in private ownership, being used for agriculture. Aerial imagery shows no trace of the facility, and a county farm road was constructed over the former military airfield. A small crop-dusting airstrip (County Line Airstrip Airport (FL35)) was constructed in 2008 about a mile to the northeast, but it has no relationship to the former military airfield.

</doc>
<doc id="36622136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622136" title="1883–84 Bolton Wanderers F.C. season">
1883–84 Bolton Wanderers F.C. season

The 1881–82 season was the third season in which Bolton Wanderers competed in a senior competitive football competition. The club entered the FA Cup in November 1883, but were knocked out in the fourth round by Notts County.

</doc>
<doc id="36622138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622138" title="Petr Beneš">
Petr Beneš

Petr Beneš (; born 27 November 1974) is a Czech beach volleyball player. He played with Přemysl Kubala at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36622145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622145" title="Přemysl Kubala">
Přemysl Kubala

Přemysl Kubala (; born 16 December 1973) is a Czech volleyball player. As of 2012, he plays with Petr Beneš who he teamed up with at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36622146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622146" title="Edmé-Gilles Guyot">
Edmé-Gilles Guyot

Edmé-Gilles Guyot (1706–1786) was a French physician, postmaster, cartographer, inventor and author on the subject of mathematics, physics and magic. He experimented with optical illusions and with the theory behind performance magic. His developments into the apparent appearance of ghosts, using the projection of a figure into smoke, helped to create the technology and techniques used in phantasmagoria.
Mathematics, science, and magic.
Guyot was an advocate for science and made regular demonstrations to popularise new developments. He was an inventor and manufacturer of conjuring apparatus and scientific instruments, creating "magic theatres" for the aristocracy – small boxes that use lanterns and slides to create an animated story. Guyot's work was influential in the development of magic lanterns and their use in phantasmagoria. In 1770 he detailed a method of simultaneously using two different slides in this early projection device. His example was a sea that would become increasingly stormy, throwing around the ships that were sailing on it. He advised that the slides would need to be very carefully painted in order to create a realistic and beautiful animation. His writings on the subject were translated into English and German and were widely circulated around Europe. His experiments led to the technique of projecting images onto smoke to create the appearance of ghostly apparitions. In 1779 Guyot described the use of transformation slides in magic lanterns to create simple animations.
"Nouvelles recreations physiques et mathematiques".
Guyot's four part book "Nouvelles recreations physiques et mathematiques" featured descriptions of experiments and examples of how various innovative mathematical and magical tricks could be performed. The book was first published in 1769 and included an explanation of the missing square puzzle, building on the earlier work of Sebastiano Serlio. It also includes detailed, illustrated techniques for the performance of the cups and balls trick that is regarded as being greatly influential.
The book was translated into English by William Hooper, being released in 1774 without credit to Guyot.
Medicine.
Guyot is credited with describing in 1724 the catheterization of the Eustachian tube, one of the first means of middle ear inflation.

</doc>
<doc id="36622160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622160" title="Mike Feschuk">
Mike Feschuk

Michael "Mike" Feschuk (January 6, 1932 – November 12, 2007) was a farmer, real estate agent, civil servant and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Prince Albert East from 1971 to 1975 and Prince Albert from 1975 to 1982 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member.
He was born in Meath Park, Saskatchewan and was educated there. He later took over the operation of the family farm. In 1953, he married Helen Mychaluk. Feschuk worked as a real estate agent during the 1980s and later worked for Statistics Canada. He was defeated by John Meagher when he ran for reelection to the Saskatchewan assembly in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36622162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622162" title="Claude Trénonay">
Claude Trénonay

Claude Trénonay (Jean Claude Trénonay de Chanfrey) (1733 - 1792) was a wealthy slave-owner who lived in Point Coupee, Louisiana.
Claude was the nephew and heir of Trénonay de Chanfret, who had been the sub-delegate of the Ordonnateur Michel in Point Coupee.
He died on 9 July 1792 when Latulipe, an enslaved Ibo, shot him with a musket while he was eating his dinner.
His nephew Armand Duplantier inherited his estate after his death.

</doc>
<doc id="36622163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622163" title="Igor Hernández">
Igor Hernández

Igor Hernández Colina (born 22 January 1977) is a Venezuelan beach volleyball player. He played with Jesus Villafañe at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36622167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622167" title="History of Jin">
History of Jin

The History of Jin, or Jin Shi (Chinese: 金史; pinyin: Jin Shi) is a Chinese historical text, one of the Twenty Four Histories, which details the history of the Jin Dynasty founded by the Jurchens in northern China. It was compiled by the Yuan Dynasty historian and minister Toqto'a.
History of Compilation.
Although the Jin dynasty was destroyed by the Mongols in 1234, the initiative for writing a dynastic history - in accordance with Chinese political traditions - was only begun under Kublai Khan, who had decided to embrace Chinese political norms and found the Yuan Dynasty. In 1261 the idea of compiling histories for both the Jin and Liao Dynasties was first mooted, and after the conquest of Southern Song, the project was expanded to compile all three histories.
Issues with the format and rules of compilation, however, hampered progress, and it was only in 1343 that the imperial commission was finalised, with Toqto'a as the overseer, and a team of six, including the scholar Ouyang Xuan, as chief compilers. The work was completed in just over a year.
For its material, the History of Jin drew heavily on the historical records of the Jin Dynasty itself, while the events of its final years drew heavily on the private works and records of scholars such as Yuan Haowen, Liu Qi, Yang Huan and others.
Layout.
The History of Jin contains a total of 135 scrolls, or chapters, divided as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36622168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622168" title="Jesús Villafañe">
Jesús Villafañe

Jesus Villafañe Marquina (born 19 November 1986) is a Venezuelan beach volleyball player. He played with Igor Hernández at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36622169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622169" title="1340 in Ireland">
1340 in Ireland

Events from the year 1340 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36622171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622171" title="Robert Crichton, 8th Lord Crichton of Sanquhar">
Robert Crichton, 8th Lord Crichton of Sanquhar

Robert Crichton, 8th Lord Crichton of Sanquhar, (d. 1612), Scottish peer executed for the murder of a fencing teacher. He was the son of Edward, Lord Sanquhar. Robert is often styled "6th Lord Sanquhar."
Career.
Robert Crichton was rumoured to have been in Rome in the company of Jesuits and to have spoken with the Pope in 1593. The Jesuit missionary to Scotland, William Crichton, was his kinsman.
Crichton was a noted swordsman. In June 1596 he challenged Patrick, Earl of Orkney to a duel. James VI of Scotland forbade him to issue the challenge, called a "cartel." However, they arranged to fight, but the King was able to prevent their combat. The English diplomat Robert Bowes heard that Sanquhar alleged the quarrel was Sanquhar's loss of a court appointment, but according to rumour Sanquhar had been encouraged to fight the Earl by another powerful figure.
As a diplomat, Crichton took the letters of James VI of Scotland to Henry IV of France and Henri, Duke of Rohan at the siege of Amiens in 1597, and then travelled to Italy.
On 27 May 1602 he returned from his travels and was welcomed by James VI at Dunfermline Palace, and attended the christening of Robert Stuart, Duke of Kintyre. Robert had met Elizabeth I of England at the insistence of the French diplomats in London. According to one who spoke to him there, Robert had resolved to serve the Spanish king. In June 1602 Robert, who was a friend of Anne of Denmark's favourite, Barbara Ruthven, was granted the Gowrie House lodging in Perth, which the Ruthven family had forfeited in 1600, with the offices of Constable and Keeper of the town.
Accident and murder.
Lord Sanquhar followed King James to England after the Union of Crowns. On 10 August 1604, while staying with Lord Norreys, he went to practice swordsmanship with a fencing master called John Turner at Rycote. By accident, Sanquhar was hurt in the eye. After some years, and following teasing for his disfigurement by the King of France, Sanquhar's followers murdered the fencing master.
Turner was killed by a pistol shot on 11 May 1612, while he was drinking with some of Lord Sanquhar's followers. One called Carlisle fired the fatal shot. After four days Lord Sanquhar went to the Archbishop of Canterbury and declared that he was innocent of the murder. King James issued a proclamation of a reward of £500 for Sanquhar alive, and £300 dead. For Carlisle, the reward was £100 alive and £50 dead. Soon afterwards, another of Sanquhar's servants, a Scotsman called Gray, was arrested at Harwich where he was embarking on a ship for Denmark. Gray confessed that Lord Sanquhar had previously asked him to kill Turner. 
Lord Sanquhar was brought before the justices of the King's Bench. Francis Bacon delivered the charges against him. Bacon suggested his offence was caused by Italian manners he had picked up on his travels, rather than English or Scottish custom. His wife Anne Fermor divorced him. He was executed by hanging on 29 June 1612 in Westminster Palace yard, confessing that he had offended England and Scotland, and declared he was a Roman Catholic. His body was taken by Lord Dingwall and Robert Kerr, Lord Roxburgh to be sent to Scotland.
From DNB.
In 1605, he engaged in a fencing match with a fencing-master called Turner, when he accidentally lost one of his eyes, and for some time was in danger of his life. Seven years afterwards he hired two men to assassinate Turner, one of whom, Robert Carlyle, shot him with a pistol 11 May 1612, for which he and his accomplice were executed. Lord Sanquhar absconded, and a reward of £1,000 having been offered for his apprehension, he was taken and brought to trial in the king's bench, Westminster Hall, 27 June of the same year. Not being a peer of England, he was tried under the name of Robert Crichton, although a baron of three hundred years' standing.
In an eloquent speech he confessed his crime, and being convicted on his own confession was hanged on a gibbet with a silken halter in Great Palace Yard, before the gate of Westminster Hall, on 29 June. Great interest was made to save his life, but James was inexorable, because it is said Crichton had on one occasion failed to resent an insult offered to his majesty in Paris. Crichton died penitent professing the Roman Catholic religion. By his marriage at St. Anne's, Blackfriars, 10 April 1608, to Anne, daughter of Sir George Fermor of Easton, he had no issue.
All his property was left to his natural son, Robert Crichton, but the heir male, William, seventh lord Sanquhar, disputed the succession, and on the matter being referred to James VI Robert Crichton was served heir of entail to him in the estate of Sanquhar 15 July 1619.

</doc>
<doc id="36622179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622179" title="Alexia Viruez">
Alexia Viruez

Alexia Viruez (born May 4, 1994) is a Bolivian beauty pageant titleholder and model who was crowned Miss Bolivia 2012, and represented her country in the 2013 Miss Universe.
Biography.
Raised in Santa Cruz, Bolivia, Alexia Viruez is currently studying psychology at UDABOL (Universidad de Aquino Bolivia). When she was nine years old, Alexia was awarded a modeling scholarship, which jump started her current modeling career. She is passionate about music, art and theatre, and aspires to walk the most prestigious catwalks in the world.
Pageants.
Miss Bolivia 2012.
Viruez competed in the 2012 Miss Bolivia pageant where she won and gained the right to represent Bolivia at Reina Hispanoamericana 2012 and Miss Universe 2013.
Reina Hispanoamericana 2012.
Viruez represented Bolivia at Reina Hispanoamericana 2012 in her hometown of Santa Cruz where she finished as 1st Runner-Up.
Miss Universe 2013.
Viruez later went on to represent Bolivia at Miss Universe 2013 on November 9, 2013 in Moscow, Russia. Although considered a favorite and a front runner, she failed to place in the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36622189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622189" title="Vennesla Library and Culture House">
Vennesla Library and Culture House

The Vennesla Library and Culture House () is a public library serving the inhabitants of Vennesla Municipality in Vest-Agder, Norway. The new library building completed in 2011 has won several architecture prizes and has been praised both within Norway and abroad.
The Municipality of Vennesla decided in 2005 to relocate the library to the city centre, linking together an existing community house and learning centre into a cultural centre. A café, open meeting places and a small scene were incorporated into the plan of the new building, making it a combined library and house of culture. With the new building, the municipality sought both to establish a public meeting place and to increase the quality of architecture in the urban area of Vennesla. An architectural design competition was initiated in 2008; it was won by the firm Helen & Hard from Stavanger and the new building was ready in 2011.
The main building material is wood, and the building is dominated by the 27 glue-laminated timber arcs that support the roof and give associations to ribs of a whale skeleton. The building has attracted much interest and won several prizes, among them Statens byggeskikkpris for 2012 (the Norwegian state prize for good buildings). The building has, however, also received criticism for lacking functionality for its main purpose, namely being a library building. The author of an opinion piece in the Norwegian weekly "Morgenbladet" maintained that the library building was beautiful, yet inconvenient for normal library use.

</doc>
<doc id="36622196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622196" title="Hippolytus (Archbishop of Gniezno)">
Hippolytus (Archbishop of Gniezno)

Hippolytus or Hipolit was an early medieval archbishop of Gniezno. His place and date of birth date are unknown but the medieval historian Jan Długosz claims that he was of noble birth and a Roman citizen. Modern scholars generally agree that he was not Polish.
He was appointed Bishop between 18 April 1025 and 25 December 1025 in Gniezno Cathedral by Boleslaw I the Brave and was primate of Poland through the last part of Boleslaws reign and the beginning of Mieszko II Lambert's.
He died in 1027 and is buried in Gniezno Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="36622199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622199" title="Heracles General Cement Co.">
Heracles General Cement Co.

Heracles General Cement Co. SA, or ΑΝΩΝΥΜΟΣ ΓΕΝΙΚΗ ΕΤΑΙΡΕΙΑ ΤΣΙΜΕΝΤΩΝ ΗΡΑΚΛΗΣ ("Α.Γ.Ε.Τ ΗΡΑΚΛΗΣ") is a Greece-based cement, concrete and aggregates company which operates a large number of plants and facilities throughout Greece and Switzerland. Heracles has an average annual turnover of 600 million euros.
Structure.
Heracles General Cement Company S.A. is a subsidiary of Lafarge Cementos S.A..
As of 05/25/12, it employed 1,307 people.
Location.
The company is headquartered in Athens, Greece.
Facilities.
Heracles operates 3 cement production plants, one of which, located in Volos, is the largest cement plant in Europe. It also operates 6 Distribution Centers around Greece.
Products and services.
Heracles offers metal construction and mechanical maintenance services, as well as sea transportation and ship management services.
Main products of Heracles include different grades of cement, bagged or in bulk, aggregates, and concrete, for construction or for other purposes. It also sells intermediate cement production materials, such as clinker.

</doc>
<doc id="36622216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622216" title="Sled Dowabobo">
Sled Dowabobo

Sled Dowabobo (born 31 March 1983) is a Nauruan judoka. He participated at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Men's 73 kg event, but was eliminated in the first round by Navruz Jurakobilov of Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="36622217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622217" title="Diya Beeltah">
Diya Beeltah

Diya Beeltah (born around 08 August1988) is a Mauritian model of Indian descent who was crowned Miss Mauritius 2012. Beeltah was the first who represent Mauritius in the Miss Tourism World 2012 Beauty Contest which was held in Thailand. After reigning the title Miss Mauritius 2012, she became the ambassador and the national voice for road safety by the Mauritius Police Department and Ministry of Public Infrastructure, National Development Unit, Land Transport and Shipping National Development Unit. She also contributes to a NGO's in the fight against the spread of HIV/AIDS.
Early life and background.
Diya attended the Baichoo Madhoo Government school for her primary education then joined the College Bon et Perpetuel Secours of Beau-Bassin for her secondary studies. Diya got a BSC in Human Resource Management from the University of Mauritius (UOM) in 2011, she announced her intention to pursue her Masters in the same field and aspires to become a lecturer. Diya is currently a research assistant at the UOM.
Career.
Diya Beeltah has been crowned Miss Mauritius 2012 by Ameeksha Dilchand (Miss Mauritius 2011) at the Auditorium of J&J, Phoenix on 30 June 2012. A week prior to the finale, she won the Best Dress Award which is a preliminary of the Miss Mauritius contest and came as runner up for the Miss Siren/Beach Beauty Award.

</doc>
<doc id="36622230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622230" title="Lionel Cox (sport shooter)">
Lionel Cox (sport shooter)

Lionel Cox (born 11 July 1981) is a Belgian sports shooter. He competed in the men's 50 metre rifle prone event at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He qualified as second for the final with 8 shooters with a score of 599 out of 600. He finished the final as second, winning the silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36622236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622236" title="Mauro Antunes">
Mauro Antunes

Mauro Rafael da Costa Antunes (born 10 January 1992 in Setúbal) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Atlético Clube de Portugal, as a midfielder.
Football career.
On 29 July 2012, Antunes made his professional debut with Atlético in a 2012–13 Taça da Liga match against Naval

</doc>
<doc id="36622238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622238" title="Kaliram Dahiya">
Kaliram Dahiya

Shaheed Chaudhary Kaliram Dahiya is a martyr of World War 2. Kaliram Dahiya, a Hindu Jat was born to Chaudhary Deepchand Dahiya and Smt. Sama Kaur at Village Nahara, District Sonepat, Haryana. Village Nahara (Dahiya Chaubisa - Head of 24 villages of Dahiya community) is known for the 3 Dahiya brothers Shishram, Ratan Singh and Kaliram. Kaliram served in The Jat Regiment along with his elder brother Ratan Singh Dahiya, who left the army after Kaliram's death and joined the struggle of Indian independence movement. Shishram and Ratan Singh later liberated Kharkhoda, Bharotha and Hasan Garh from their nawabs. Kaliram was also a famous wrestler. He died at a very young age at Pune. His exact date of death is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36622260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622260" title="Evicted!">
Evicted!

"Evicted!" is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American animated television series "Adventure Time". The episode was written and storyboarded by Bert Youn and Sean Jimenez, from a story by Adam Muto. It originally aired on Cartoon Network on March 18, 2010 as a preview for the series; it later officially aired on May 17, 2010. The episode guest stars Erik Estrada as King Worm. The episode marks the first appearance of Marceline the Vampire Queen (voiced by Olivia Olson), who would go on to play a larger role in the series as a friend and companion to Finn and Jake
The series follows the adventures of Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada), a human boy, and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio), a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will. In this episode, Finn and Jake search the land of Ooo for a new home after Marceline claims the duo's treehouse as her own. Finn and Jake search all of Ooo for a new home, before settling temporarily in a cave. After a final confrontation, Marceline relents and gives Finn and Jake their house back because she finds them entertaining.
The character of Marceline was present in the series' pitch bible, but she had not yet appeared in an episode prior to "Evicted!". Olson was cast as the character after she initially read for the part of Princess Bubblegum; she was later pleased with her casting, praising Marceline's varied design. "Evicted!" also features the first song that was produced for the series: "The House Hunting Song". "Evicted!" was watched by 1.88 million people and received largely positive critical attention, with Cam Shea of IGN naming the episode the fourth best episode of "Adventure Time"s first season, and Oliver Sava of "The A.V. Club" noting that the episode is an example of the emotional complexity of the series. "Evicted!" also drastically increased Marceline's popularity with fans of the series.
Plot.
During a rainy night, Jake tells Finn a story about a supposed vampire that used to live in their tree fort. Finn, scared by the sounds outside the house, goes downstairs to talk to Jake. Suddenly, their window is blown open and the lights go out. Finn and Jake soon discover that Marceline the Vampire Queen has snuck into their house. Both Finn and Jake are terrified that Marceline will kill them and drink their blood, but she reveals that she has no intentions of killing them, noting that she really only eats the color red. However, she explains that the tree house used to belong to her, and she promptly evicts them from their residence.
Finn and Jake then attempt to find new homes. Initially they are unable to find a suitable home until they stumble upon a cave. They clean up the cave and hold a house-warming party, which Marceline crashes. She explains that the cave also belongs to her. Finn, having had enough starts a fight with Marceline, who grows into a huge demonic bat. After she seemingly kills Jake, Finn goes into a rage and violently punches Marceline, who promptly shape-shifts into her regular form and then kisses Finn on the cheek, making him blush. Jake—who was able to use his shape-shifting powers to save himself—runs over to Finn, and Marceline states that the fight they had was fun and that the two of them can have their old house back, as a gift. Once Finn and Jake return to their old abode, they are promptly hypnotized by King Worm (voiced by Erik Estrada).
Production.
"Evicted!" was written and storyboarded by Bert Youn and Sean Jimenez, from a story developed by Adam Muto. The entry was directed by Larry Leichliter. The episode marks the first appearance of Marceline, one of the main characters in "Adventure Time". Although she did not appear in the series' pilot, the groundwork for her design and character were present in the series pitch book, penned by Pendleton Ward. Marceline's name is based on the name of a childhood friend of Ward's friend, named Marie, whose middle name is Marceline. Ward described Marie as someone who likes the horror movie "Psycho" and wearing dark clothing. Ward purposely set out to make Marceline's character complex, as he explained in an interview that "with the female characters it’s easy to either write them as clichés or write them as the extreme opposite of those clichés […] I just try to make them have faults and strengths just like Finn and Jake have."
Marceline is voiced by Olivia Olson; she had originally auditioned for the role of Princess Bubblegum. After her initial audition, she was asked to read for the role of Marcelline, and was "definitely impressed by the character" after seeing design drawings. Olson is also the character's singing voice. The artistic design for Marceline was created by Ward, with small changes and additions added by Phil Rynda, former lead character designer and prop designer for "Adventure Time". Olson later related in an interview that she was impressed by her character because, "she has really cool style […] I love what they come up with every episode." The episode also features the vocal talents of actor Erik Estrada as King Worm; Estrada would reprise the role for the eponymous fourth season episode "King Worm".
The episode features the "House Hunting Song", the first song produced for "Adventure Time"; while "Baby"—from the earlier episode "The Jiggler"—had aired prior to "Evicted!", this episode was produced first. The song—which was originally called "Oh Marceline"—was written by Patrick McHale and sung by Ward and Olson. McHale later posted the original demo for the song through his official Twitter account. Ashley Dzerigian played all of the bass in the episode. According to series composer Casey James Basichis, she is "is classically trained as a bassist and can do just about anything". Ryan Conner recorded guitar feedback that Basichis later autotuned into melodies.
Reception.
"Evicted!" was previewed on Cartoon Network on March 18, 2010. The episode officially aired on May 17, 2010. the episode was watched by 1.88 viewers, and scored a 1.2/2 percent Nielsen household rating. Nielsen ratings are audience measurement systems that determine the audience size and composition of television programming in the United States, which means that the episode was seen by 1.2 percent of all households and 2 percent of all households watching television at the time of the episode's airing. The episode first saw physical release as part of the 2011 "Adventure Time: My Two Favorite People" DVD, which included 12 episodes from the series' first two seasons. It was later re-leased as part of the complete first season DVD in July of 2012.
Critical reception to "Evicted!" was largely positive. Cam Shea of IGN named Marceline's introduction in "Evicted!" as the fourth best moment in the series' first season. He wrote that "sure, in this episode she evicts Finn and Jake from their home ... but hey, this is the first time we meet her and she's awesome." He later wrote that "Marceline = best". Marceline has gone on to be one of the most popular characters with the "Adventure Time" fan base, and after the release of "Evicted!" her popularity grew enormously. Ward later noted that he felt "good about that. It's nice". Oliver Sava of "The A.V. Club" named the episode one of the ten additional installments of the series that illustrates that "emotional complexity" lies "beneath "Adventure Time"s weirdness".

</doc>
<doc id="36622281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622281" title="Hugo Filipe Santos Guedes">
Hugo Filipe Santos Guedes

Hugo Filipe Santos Guedes (born 25 October 1993), commonly known as Moedas, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Leixões S.C. as a midfielder.
Football career.
Born in Matosinhos, Moedas joined local Leixões SC's youth system in 2001, aged only seven. He made his professional debuts in 2012–13, with the club in the second division.

</doc>
<doc id="36622287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622287" title="Perizoma incultaria">
Perizoma incultaria

Perizoma incultaria is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found from the Alps to the Carpathian Mountains and the mountains of the Balkan Peninsula.
The wingspan is 19–21 mm. Adults are on wing from May to August.
The larvae feed on "Primula", "Bartsia" and "Saxifraga" species. The larvae of the first generation mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine consists of a full depth mine. It starts as a long, slender corridor, widening into a blotch that may occupy most of the leaf, destroying the initial corridor. A single larva may make several mines. In the corridor, the frass is deposited in a broad central line, which becomes narrower later. In the blotch, the frass lies dispersed in coarse blackish green lumps. Larvae of the second generation do not mine, but live in the fruit capsules of their host plant. Pupation takes place on the ground in slight spinning. The species overwinters in the pupal stage.

</doc>
<doc id="36622292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622292" title="The Vision of Constantine (Bernini)">
The Vision of Constantine (Bernini)

The Vision of Constantine is an equestrian sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini, located in the Scala Regia by St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City. Originally commissioned as a free standing work of art within St. Peter's itself, the sculpture was finally unveiled in 1670 as an integral part of the Scala Regia - Bernini's redesigned stairway between St. Peter's Basilica and the Vatican Palace. Unlike other large works by Bernini, art historians have suggested that this work was almost entirely undertaken by him - no other sculptors have been recorded as receiving payment. Bernini's overall fee was 7,000 Roman scudi. 
Story.
As an early Christian ruler, the figure of Constantine was particularly appealing to later popes, particularly in the seventeenth century. Bernini's sculpture adapted one particular moment of Constantine's life.
Before a battle with the pagan Roman Emperor, Maxentius, Constantine was leading prayers with his army. After a while a cross appeared in the sky, above the sun, shining brightly and with the inscription "In Hoc Signo Vinces" or '"By this sign, you will conquer"'. The miracle astonished the Constantine and his troops and gave them sufficient belief to overwhelm Maxentius at the Battle of Milvian Bridge, after which Constantine made a triumphal entry to Rome, with which he granted religious toleration, thus freeing the Christians from Roman persecution. 
Commissioning.
The sculpture has a long history, beginning in 1654, when Bernini began the work, quite possibly commissioned by Pope Innocent X.
It was only at an undefined point in the 1660s that the location for the statue become the new Scala Regia that Bernini himself was designing. Bernini continued refining the equestrian sculpture, and changes were made to the design to cope with the new location on the Scala Regia. Huge clay models of the sculpture were placed within the niche, giving Bernini an idea of what the final composition would look like when placed in situ. Because of the tallness of the niche, overwhelming the sculpture, folding, dynamic drapery was added to the overall decorative effect, to be placed behind the marble horse. 
This allowed Bernini to make the final touches to Constantine, and it was declared ready at the end of 1668
Transporting the sculpture from Bernini's studio to Scala Regia took ten days and required guards to look after it during the night. A variety of straw, winches, planks and beams, plus sledges and oxen were needed to pull the massive sculpture. It finally arrived on 12 January 1669. Architectural and decorative work (such as the drapery) on the niche around the sculpture continued through 1669, as did polishing of the statue itself. 
Contemporary Criticism.
Apart from a brief period of papal disgrace in 1640s, Bernini had enjoyed much acclaim from the population and aristocracy of Rome. 
Modern Criticism.
Perhaps because of its relative inaccessibility (unless one has special access to the Vatican, the sculpture is only visible from one viewpoint, under the portico of St Peter's), the statue of Constantine has received little art historical attention. This also may be due to the quality of received opinions about the quality of the sculpture of itself. Lavin passes over the work in his Bernini and the Unity of the Visual Arts, and Avery (in his "Bernini: Genius of the Baroque") says very little. Even Marder, the only art historian to concentrate an entire book on Constantine and the Scala Regia, admits that "We may never know what the equestrian statue of Constantine looked like before it was finished in situ, but one guess is that it possessed greater formal power in Bernini's mind". Rudolf Wittkower is much more generous - "The monument is placed in front of an enormous wind-swept drapery, and this device enhanced the beholder’s belief in the sudden interruption of the rider’s progress and make his fascinated reclining and the reactions registered simultaneously by the animal an extraordinarily convincing experience." 

</doc>
<doc id="36622307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622307" title="Michael Feduniak">
Michael Feduniak

Michael "Mike" Feduniak (June 1, 1914 – August 30, 1989) was a businessman and political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Turtleford from 1971 to 1975 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member.
He was born in Fairholme, Saskatchewan and was educated in Saskatoon and Hamilton, Ontario. During World War II, he worked as a machinist in the armaments industry in the Hamilton area. In 1942, he married Eva Crocker. In 1945, he opened a general store in Glaslyn; he later operated a farm implement dealership. Feduniak served on the village council for Glaslyn. After retiring from politics in 1975, he moved to North Battleford. He died in Saskatoon at the age of 75.

</doc>
<doc id="36622311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622311" title="Judo for the Blind">
Judo for the Blind

Judo for the Blind is the debut EP of noise rock band Tragic Mulatto, released in 1984 through Alternative Tentacles.
Music.
The band's sound has been described as jazz-tinged Flipper.
Release and reception.
Despite the band's peculiar demeanor, "Judo for the Blind" has been received positively. Ira Robbins of the "Trouser Press" praised the record, saying that "some numbers are faster and well-organized to the point where they resemble a '40s big band on bad drugs; others could be an incompetent jazz combo vainly tuning up while someone soundchecks the microphones."
Track listing.
All songs written by Tragic Mulatto

</doc>
<doc id="36622312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622312" title="Un caprice">
Un caprice

Un caprice is a play written in 1837 by Alfred de Musset and performed for the first time in 1843 at the French theatre in Saint Petersburg, the Mikhaylovsky Theatre, then in France at the Comédie-Française on 27 November 1847. 
It was Mrs Allan-Despréaux who introduced the piece to the francophone Russian public, and played the role of Mrs de Léry, continuing it on the play's return to Paris in 1847. It was the first theatrical success for Alfred de Musset. Jules Janin praised the play in "Le Journal des débats" and Théophile Gautier stated in "La Presse" that the play was "a great literary achievement".
Plot.
The play deals with the story of Mathilde, a beautiful and innocent young girl married to a libertine, Mr de Chavigny. One night, One night when she makes a purse for her husband, she learns that he has bought one the day before. Mathilde and Mr. de Chavigny compete, then Mr. Chavigny goes to a ball, and Madame de Lery comes to visit Matilda, who tells him what just happened. She then embarks on the difficult task to reconcile the spouses. 

</doc>
<doc id="36622348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622348" title="Coenotephria tophaceata">
Coenotephria tophaceata

Coenotephria tophaceata is a species of moth of the Geometridae family. It is found in mountains of central and southern Europe.
The wingspan is 32–36 mm. There are two generations per year with adults on wing from May to July and again from August to September.
The larvae feed on "Galium" species, including "Galium album", "Galium sylvaticum", "Galium lucidum" and "Galium verum". There are also records for "Asperula" species. Pupation takes place on the ground in a slight spinning. The species overwinters in the larval stage.

</doc>
<doc id="36622354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622354" title="Versailles house">
Versailles house

Versailles is a mansion under construction located in the Lake Butler Sound gated community in unincorporated Orange County near Windermere, Florida (within the Lake Butler census-designated place), and modeled on the Palace of Versailles in France. When completed, Versailles will be the largest single-family home in the United States. Construction began in 2004 for Westgate Resorts magnate David Siegel and his wife Jackie Siegel. Due to Westgate Resorts financial issues, construction was put on hold in 2009 at which point the mansion was about 60 percent completed. The property was also listed for sale at an asking price of $65 million. With Westgate Resorts improved financial situation, in 2013 it was announced the Siegels now own the property outright with no mortgage and construction was resuming with the house scheduled for completion in time for David’s 81st birthday in 2016. It's expected to be worth over $100 million, making it the fourth most expensive house in the United States. When asked why he wanted to build the house, billionaire David Siegel answered, "Because I can."
The mega-mansion will be the home of David and Jackie Siegel and their eight children. The home and the Siegels are the subject of the 2012 documentary film "The Queen of Versailles", and appeared on an episode of CNBC's "Secret Lives of the Super Rich".
Description.
Based on a design by David Siegel, construction of the house started in 2004. The mansion sits on a custom-made hill on 10 acres of lakefront property in a gated community known as The Reserve at Lake Butler Sound, in Windermere, Florida. The 90,000 square-foot house will include 9 kitchens, 13 bedrooms, 25 bathrooms, a 30-car garage, a two-lane bowling alley, an indoor rollerskating rink, 3 indoor pools, 2 outdoor pools, a video arcade, a ballroom for 500 people, a two-story movie theater with balcony inspired by the Paris Opera House, a fitness center with 10,000 square-foot spa, yoga studios, a 20,000-bottle wine cellar, an exotic fish aquarium, two tennis courts, a baseball diamond, a formal outdoor garden, and a gold elevator in the master bedroom closet. Because the Siegels's children are older now, modifications to the original plan are being made including turning playrooms into a teenager’s cave with a second movie theater and a yoga studio.
The mansion's doors and windows are made from some of the world's last Brazilian mahogany, at a cost of $4 million. Of the Brazilian mahogany, Jackie Siegel commented, "They had to stop exporting it because they were cutting down the rain forest, or whatever." 
Of the 20,000 bottle wine cellar, David Siegel has said, "It's going to be beautiful, [...] but I don't even like wine."
The home's exterior will be covered in Italian white marble, and the couple recently bought "a whole quarry in Italy to make sure we have enough marble." The entryway will contain a 30-foot stained glass dome. The mansion boasts ten staff quarters, each with a jacuzzi and a kitchen.
Criticism.
Though not yet completed, the home has been called "gaudy" and "absurd". 
Matt Hickman, writing for the Mother Nature Network, called the mansion a "wretched excess". Alyssa Rosenberg of ThinkProgress called it "a monument to bad taste" and "a testament to waste".

</doc>
<doc id="36622356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622356" title="Elísio">
Elísio

Elísio José Oliveira Esteves (born 5 May 1989 in Matosinhos) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Penafiel as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36622388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622388" title="Dragan Todorić">
Dragan Todorić

Dragan Todorić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Тодорић; born July 27, 1954 in Kraljevo), is a former Serbian professional basketball player and current sport director of his former team, KK Partizan from Belgrade. He is known for a rare achievement: taking part, as a player and later as a part of the management, in winning of all 43 trophies in KK Partizan history.
Club playing career.
In 1967, Todorić started his playing career in Sloga from his hometown Kraljevo. While competing for young Yugoslav national team he drew attention from several Yugoslav top clubs, including Partizan fierce rivals, Crvena zvezda. Eventually, he chose to sign for Partizan in 1972, and remained in the first team until 1983. During this period he played 363 official games, which puts him at 6th place of Partizan hall of fame list by number of played games. Before finishing his career in 1985, he played for OKK Belgrade (known as OKK Beko at the time) and again for Sloga. As Partizan player he won three state championships (in 1976, 1979 and 1981) one Yugoslav Cup (1979) and two Korać Cups (1978 and 1979). 
International playing career.
He represented Yugoslavia on cadet, junior and senior level. He won a gold medal at cadet championship of Europe in Gorizia, Italy in 1971, playing alongside future legends Dragan Kićanović, Mirza Delibašić and Rajko Žižić. He also won gold medal at junior championship of Europe in Zadar in 1972. On senior level, he was overshadowed by famous point guard Zoran Slavnić; however he still got to win gold medal at Mediterranean Games in Algeria in 1975, and another gold medal on Balkan Games in Romania, the same year.
Post playing career.
Starting in 1982, while still maintaining his playing career, he was employed by Partizan as part of the marketing department, and until this day he has continuously worked at the club. He was an assistant coach, a secretary and a general secretary director. Currently, he is a sport director and a member of the Board of Directors.

</doc>
<doc id="36622402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622402" title="Robin Strong">
Robin Strong

Robin Maxwell Strong is a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#441), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4.
Representative career.
Strong represented the New Zealand Kiwis in 1965 on the tour of Great Britain and France.

</doc>
<doc id="36622404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622404" title="Iryna Kalynets">
Iryna Kalynets

Iryna Kalynets (December 6, 1940 – July 31, 2012) was a Ukrainian poet, writer, activist and Soviet dissident during the 1970s. Kalynets was the wife of another leading Soviet dissident, Ihor Kalynets.
Kalynets graduated from Lviv University with a degree in philology. She taught courses in Ukrainian literature and language before joining a human rights group called "shistdesyatnyky." Kalynets was the publisher of a banned human rights journal, "Український Вісник." She also publicly protested the detention of other dissidents, including Nina Strokata and Valentyn Moroz. Kalynets and two other activists, Nadia Svitlychna and Stefania Shabatura, were arrested for a writing on Soviet propaganda. She was sentenced to six years in prison and three years of internal exile within the Soviet Union.
Kalynets was able to return to Lviv in 1981 following the completion of her sentence. A proponent of the Ukrainian independence movement, she soon joined "Memorial" and "Rukh", a pair of civil rights organizations.
Ukraine broke away from the Soviet Union in 1991. Kalynets was elected to the Verkhovna Rada as a deputy in Ukraine's first post independence parliament. She continued to publish writings until her health deteriorated.
Iryna Kalynets died from a long illness on July 31, 2012, at the age of 72.

</doc>
<doc id="36622405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622405" title="Buxton Advertiser">
Buxton Advertiser

The Buxton Advertiser is a weekly local newspaper published in Buxton, Derbyshire, England and distributed throughout the High Peak area by Johnston Press.
The paper was first published in 1852 and comes out on Thursdays. It merged with the "Buxton Herald and Gazette of Fashion" in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="36622426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622426" title="Auburn Speedster">
Auburn Speedster

The Auburn Speedster was an American car, manufactured by the Auburn Automobile Company of Auburn, Indiana. The Auburn 851 Speedster of 1935 is the best known model of its stylist Gordon Buehrig, who might otherwise be known only for the Cord Model 810.
History.
In 1924 Auburn output was down to six cars a day; Errett Lobban Cord, a car salesman took over the lacklustre company, and brought in James Crawford to design a new range.
The first Auburn eight was launched in 1925,and renamed the 8-88 in 1926 with a 4.8-litre side-valve 68 bhp Lycoming engine.That remained in use until 1930,when it developed 115 bhp, hence the Speedster 115 model name.
The rest of the car was straightforward.Suspension was by semi-elliptic springs all round,and after experiments with hydraulic brakes Auburn opted for mechanical brakes. The three-speed gearbox was in unit with the engine.The impressive open two-seater body styled by Count Alexis de Sakhnoffsky featured a boat-tail and a vee screen.
The 115 became the 125 in 1930,with a cabin speedster among the models,advertised as a 'racing car with comfort of a closed car' with a 125 bhp version of the Lycoming eight giving It a claimed top speed of over 100mph.
A V12 range,using a 6.4-litre engine designed by George Kublin and built by Lycoming was a failure, and 1934 marked its demise. Yet Auburn was to enjoy a memorable final fling with the 851 speedster. This was introduced in 1931 with masterly bodywork by Gordon Buehrig that was ingeniously and cheaply built. The car was simple enough. The Flat-head eight was strong, reliable and it was not stressed too much. Those sweeping lines concealed some interesting technical features such as the Columbia dual-ratio rear axle. That was achieved by interposing an epicyclic gear train between the axle and the crown wheel. When it was engaged the final drive ratio became a 'fast' 4.5:1. It was disengaged by moving a steering-wheel mounted lever and dipping the clutch,whereupon the ratio became a more leisurely 3:1. The three-speed synchromesh gearbox along with that dual ratio axle gave a six-speed transmission.
In 1936 came the 852, identical to the earlier models with the exception of the 852 on its radiator grille! The end however,was not far off and Auburn ceased car production in 1937."

</doc>
<doc id="36622439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622439" title="National Debt Act">
National Debt Act

National Debt Act is a stock short title used in the United Kingdom for Acts of Parliament relating to the national debt.
List.
The National Debt Acts 1870 to 1893 is the collective title of the following Acts:

</doc>
<doc id="36622442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622442" title="Kaiyuan Temple">
Kaiyuan Temple

Kaiyuan Temple (traditional Chinese: 開元寺, simplified Chinese: 开元寺, pinyin: Kāi Yuán Sì) could be：

</doc>
<doc id="36622455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622455" title="JD.com">
JD.com

JD.com or Jingdong Mall (), formerly 360Buy, is a Chinese electronic commerce company headquartered in Beijing. It is one of the largest B2C online retailers in China by transaction volume. Its English website, for worldwide shipping, launched on October 18, 2012.
The company was founded by Liu Qiangdong (a.k.a. Richard Liu) in July 1998, and its B2C platform went online in 2004. It started as an online magneto-optical store, but soon diversified, selling electronics, mobile phones, computers, etc. Jingdong Mall changed the domain name to 360buy.com in June 2007, and to JD.com in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36622459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622459" title="National Child Award for Exceptional Achievement">
National Child Award for Exceptional Achievement

The National Child Award for Exceptional Achievement was instituted in 1996 and is awarded by the Department of Women & Child Development, Govt. of India to children between ages 4 to 15 with exceptional abilities
Ceremony.
The awards are generally presented on 14 November, Children's Day, usually by the President of India in Durbar Hall of the Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi.
Recommending Authorities.
The application should be recommended by State/U.T Deptts., any Deptt. of Govt. of India/District Authority, Local Self Govt. (Panchayat, Zila Parishad, Municipal Corporation etc.), Experts in the field, Member of Parliament, Member of Legislative Assemblies/Legislative Councils and reputed Voluntary Organizations.
Last Date of Receipt of Recommendation.
Particulars of the child recommended for the Award should be furnished in the prescribed format. Recommendations is to be made on or before 31 July of each year.
Selection Committee.
Selection for this award is made by a National Selection Committee constituted by the Government of India.
1998.
Awards were not given

</doc>
<doc id="36622463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622463" title="No 1 School of Military Aeronautics">
No 1 School of Military Aeronautics

__NOTOC__
The No 1 School of Military Aeronautics was a World War I training school for the Royal Flying Corps (RFC), based in Reading, England. It was formed in 1915 as an instructors college - but expanded in 1916 into a full RFC training school. In 1917 technical skills were separated and moved to a nearby airfield, Coley Park, as the School of Technical Training. All training at the school was on the ground; ranging from theoretical subjects through to practical training (e.g. taxiing and artillery observation).
History.
In December 1915 the RFC commandeered buildings belonging to the University of Reading, at first for the purpose of training flight instructors. On 27 October the following year the school was expanded to include cadet pilot and observer training and designated No 1 School of Military Aeronautics (at the same time, No 2 school was opened in Oxford). The schools headquarters were based in Yeomanry House whilst most of the lessons were taught at Wantage Hall (a recently built halls of residence belonging to the University). Practical classes were held in Upper Redlands Road and nearby playing fields.
The school was preliminary training for cadets and taught theoretical aspects of flight; including map reading, gunnery and mechanics. A small airfield was established at nearby Coley Park in around 1917. Technical trades were split off from the flight school, as the School of Technical Training, which operated from a Jam factory adjoining the airfield. In September 1917 technical training was consolidated at Halton Camp, although Coley Park appears to have remained open for the rest of the war.
Many of the instructors were veterans of the Western Front, but were still young men themselves; often struggling to teach the cadets - who were usually of similar age. For the observers the school had a room mocked up for artillery observation - a light-studded map was painted onto the floor and a mock fuselage hung from the ceiling.

</doc>
<doc id="36622468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622468" title="Bartholomaeus of Bruges">
Bartholomaeus of Bruges

Bartholomaeus of Bruges (Barthélemy de Bruges) (died 1356) was a Flemish physician and natural philosopher.
Life.
He graduated M.A. at the University of Paris in 1307, and became a master of medicine. He came under the influence of Radulphus Brito.
Bartholomaeus served as physician to Guy I, Count of Blois until the count died. He was a reforming medical teacher, replacing the older curriculum based on the "Articella" by a new Galenism.
Works.
Bartholomaeus wrote commentaries on Aristotle. His work on the "Poetics" is noted for its sympathy with mimesis as a poetical function, and so an opening towards classical drama (the original work of Aristotle not being available at the time in Western Europe, the basis was a Latin translation by Hermannus Alemannus from Averroes, the "Commentaria Media"). He engaged in controversy with John of Jandun on the "sensus agens", an active perceptive faculty of the soul. The reply of John of Jandun has been dated to 1310.
At the University of Montpellier he wrote also on the "Ars Medicine". Some of the medical works that were attributed to him are considered to be by Bartholomew of Salerno instead. In 1348, at the time of the Black Death, he wrote on the plague.

</doc>
<doc id="36622478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622478" title="Sharps Bedrooms">
Sharps Bedrooms

Sharps Bedrooms is a privately owned bespoke bedroom retailer and manufacturer The company has 119 showrooms across the UK, and its headquarters in Camberley, Surrey. 
History.
Sharps Bedrooms was part of the HomeForm Group which entered administration in 2011, however out of the groups brands Sharps Bedrooms was the most viable and successful business so with the backing of Sun Capital Partners was re-launched saving the jobs of the Sharps employees.
Products.
Sharps Bedrooms design and produce fitted bedroom furniture, customers can either request a home visit or view the products at one of their showrooms.
Related companies.
Sharps Bedrooms is a subsidiary of Sun European Partners, the European arm of private investment firm Sun Capital Partners based in the USA with offices all around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="36622492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622492" title="Thomas Birley">
Thomas Birley

He was educated at Radley and Christ Church, Oxford and ordained in 1889 after a period of study at Ripon College Cuddesdon. He was Curate of St Saviour, Roath then Vicar of St Thomas the Martyr, Oxford. He was at the UMCA Mission at Korogwe from 1908 to 1911 and Archdeacon of Zigualand until 1925. 
He returned to England and became Chaplain to the St Giles Homes and Community of Sacred Passion at East Hanningfield. He died on 31 March 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="36622508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622508" title="2013 AFC Futsal Club Championship qualification">
2013 AFC Futsal Club Championship qualification

The 2013 AFC Futsal Club Championship qualification were held to determine 5 spots to the final tournament. The teams finishing first, second and third in the 2012 AFC Futsal Club Championship, receive automatic byes to the final round. It will between 11 and 24 April 2013.
Format.
Sixteen teams registered in qualifying action for 5 places in the finals. Reigning champions Iran, runners-up Uzbekistan, Japan have direct entry into the tournament proper. The remaining Thirteen team will play in the qualification rounds. The result of the draw for the groups was announced on 13 February 2013. Zone 1 teams will play a round-robin groupstage, with the top two teams qualifying to the semi-finals. The winner of both semi-finals will the prograss to the final tournament as well. Zone 2 will play a round-robin groupstage, with the top two teams qualifying to the semi-finals. A total of three teams from Zone 2 qualifiers will qualify for the finals.
Zones.
West, South and Central Asian (Zone 1).
The matches will be played in Panasonic Sports Complex, Shah Alam, Malaysia from April 19 to 24, 2013.
Final.
port
ASEAN/East (Zone 2).
The matches will be played in Panasonic Sports Complex, Shah Alam, Malaysia from April 11 to 16, 2013.
Qualifiers.
The following eight teams will play the final tournament.
See also.
2013 AFC Futsal Club Championship

</doc>
<doc id="36622523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622523" title="Weaver Junction and Liverpool Line">
Weaver Junction and Liverpool Line

The Crewe to Liverpool Line is a railway line in north-west England, running from on the West Coast Main Line to via Weaver Junction. Services along the full length of the line are operated by London Midland and Virgin Trains, with East Midlands Trains, First TransPennine Express and Northern Rail operating between and Lime Street, a section which is shared by the Liverpool to Manchester Lines.

</doc>
<doc id="36622536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622536" title="James G. Haughton">
James G. Haughton

James G. Haughton was a veteran public health administrator, serving in numerous capacities across the country, most recently as medical director for the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services from which he retired in 2004 at age 78.
Haughton began his life in the United States as an immigrant student from Panama at Pacific Union College in the Napa Valley from which he graduated in 1948. He attended medical school at The Loma Linda University School of Medicine, where he was the only black student in his class, graduating in 1950. He later earned a masters in public health from Columbia University's School of Public Health.
Completing medical school, Haughton had difficulty finding internships due to widespread discrimination again blacks. ""I began to realize that the color of my skin, which had never been a problem for me in Panama ... was a problem for me," he is quoted saying in the "Los Angeles Times". In 1951, he was accepted as an intern at Unity Hospital in Brooklyn, New York. The "Times" reports that "he saw that poor people, who were often black, were more frequently used as 'teaching material' for interns and residents" while he trained at Unity as an obstetrician and gynecologist.
After medical school, Haughton initially entered private practice in obstetrics and later became a medical administrative officer for the United States Navy. His career in public health began in New York City in 1965. In 1967, President Richard Nixon appointed Haughton to Department of Health, Education and Welfare task force overseeing Medicaid. Following his time at New York, Haughton became executive director of the Health and Hospital Governing Commission in Chicago, Illinois. 
In 1980, Haughton moved to Los Angeles to run operations at the Charles R. Drew Postgraduate Medical School. He left Los Angeles in 1983 to head the health department in Houston, Texas but returned to Los Angeles in 1987 to become chief of staff for the King/Drew Medical Center. 
He became health policy advisor to the Los Angeles County Health Department in 1993 and its medical director in 1996, holding that position until his retirement in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36622541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622541" title="Herbert Hayman">
Herbert Hayman

Herbert Bailey Hayman (10 May 1873 Willesden, Middlesex - 31 July 1930 Winslow, Buckinghamshire) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket principally for Middlesex and the Marylebone Cricket Club between 1893 and 1901.
Career.
Hayman, a right-handed batsman scored 4663 runs at an average 26.49. His bowling produced four wickets at an average of 34.50.

</doc>
<doc id="36622542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622542" title="List of Irish Volunteer corps">
List of Irish Volunteer corps

Below is a list of the 18th century Irish Volunteer corps, alongside details such as their uniform and leaders. Names with an asterisk (*) after them attended the National Convention of 1772.
Miscellaneous Ulster companies.
The following Volunteer companies are from the province of Ulster:
Miscellaneous battalions.
Belfast Battalion.
The following companies are listed as having attended the Belfast Review in 1782. The battalion itself was raised in April 1779, with uniforms meant to be scarlet faced with black. Two principal members were Colonel Stewart Banks and Major Brown.
Coleraine Battalion.
The following is a list of Volunteer companies that form part of the Coleraine Battalion that attended the Ballymoney Convention of 1782. At the convention, the battalion was represented by Colonel John Richardson.
Dromore Battalion.
The following are Volunteer companies that attended the Rathfrilan Review of 19 October 1792.
First Brigade
Represented by Colonel Lord Annesley, and Lieutenant-colonel William Annesley. The companies listed as part of this brigade are all listed as having scarlet uniforms.
Second Brigade
Represented by Colonel Vaughan.
The following two companies were not in uniform, with two non-uniformed companies noted as not being not in attendance:
Glorious Memory Battalion.
The following are recorded as attending the Ballymoney Convention of 1782. At it they were represented by Colonel Thomas Morris Jones.
Down Regiment.
The following companies are listed as being cantoned in Belfast and forming a garrison during the Belfast Review of 1782. At it they were represented by Colonel Stewart.
Ulster Regiment.
At the Belfast Review on 1782, the Ulster Regiment is noted as being divided into two battalions: the Blue Battalion; and the Red Battalion. The following companies are those listed as attending the Belfast Review of 1782. The Blue Battalion was represented by Colonel Rowley.
1st Royal Ulster Regiment.
The 1st Royal Ulster Regiment (County of Antrim) was commanded at the Belfast Review on 1782 by Colonel O'Neill. Major A. MacManus is also noted as a leader in the regiment. MacManus was requested to act as exercising officer of the Glorious Memory Battalion. Their uniforms are detailed as being scarlet, faced blue with gold lace. The following companies are listed as having attended the Belfast Review 1782.
First Ulster Regiment.
The Volunteers of County Armagh formed the First Ulster Regiment, also known as the Armagh Regiment of Volunteers. This regiment contained two battalions: the Northern Battalion; and the Southern Battalion.

</doc>
<doc id="36622543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622543" title="Petr Kašpar">
Petr Kašpar

Petr "Kafé" Kašpar (born 26 June 1960 in Kolín) is a retired Czech football defender and currently executive currently serving as Director General of Slovak football club Slovan Bratislava.
Director manager career.
He began business career with traded fruit, clothing and furniture from Hungary, which were exported to the Czech Republic. Later he continued as a FK DAC Dunajská Streda club officer. Then he moved to Artmedia Petržalka as club officer. From 2010 he is a director general of ŠK Slovan Bratislava.

</doc>
<doc id="36622547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622547" title="David Giampaolo">
David Giampaolo

David Anthony Giampaolo (born 1958) is the chief executive of Pi Capital, a London-based investor club. He is also a noted entrepreneur in the global health and fitness sector. He has been described as “…London’s most networked man” by The Times and other newspapers. He has co-founded or served on the board of several large businesses, including Fitness First, 24 Hour Fitness, Zumba and GlobalFit. He is a trustee of Speakers4Schools and a board member of US technology Firm Smartmatic. In 2007 The Daily Telegraph listed him as one of the most influential Americans living in the UK.
Early life and career.
Born in Miami, Florida, Giampaolo spent his childhood in the city of Hollywood, FL. His father held several jobs simultaneously, including journalist, jazz musician and racetrack announcer. Giampaolo attended Cooper City High School, dropping out at age 16. He credits his decision to become an entrepreneur to his Italian immigrant family’s work ethic, particularly that of his father.
Aged 15 Giampaolo started a lawn-cutting business in his local neighbourhood, a business which grew to employing two of his friends. He then took up weight training, becoming an instructor at his local gym. At 17, he sold his lawn-cutting business for $3,000, a sum which he used to set up a small gym aimed at fitness enthusiasts. His clients there included a trio of wealthy doctors whose medical practice was nearby. In an interview with Moneyweek, Giampaolo recounted: "One doctor said: ‘This place is a dump, it’s so hot. Why don’t you move to bigger premises?’ And I said, flippantly, "give me the money and I’ll do it". And he said ‘you’re on’.” Over the next two years the trio backed Giampaolo in opening up two health clubs, investing $50,000 to capitalise on the then-new trend for Nautilus fitness machines.
Fitness clubs.
In 1984, having sold his first three gyms, Giampaolo joined health club chain Chicago Health Clubs, then-owned by Bally Fitness. In 1987 Bally selected Giampaolo to set up and lead its business in the UK, beginning with The Barbican Health and Fitness Centre. In 1988 Giampaolo wrote to Diana, Princess of Wales with an invitation to perform the Barbican club's opening ceremony. She agreed, and the resulting press coverage helped to establish Barbican as Britain's first upmarket health venue.
Giampaolo left Barbican Health and Fitness in 1989 and raised £3m to found Espree Leisure, which subsequently developed two health clubs in London. In 1991 Giampaolo set up Forza, a European exercise equipment distributor for several fitness brands, including Reebok and Cybex. In 1998 he and Mark Mastrov co-founded Fitness Holdings Europe, a private-equity-backed investment vehicle, to open and acquire small chains of European health clubs. Fitness Holdings Europe was sold to the 24-Hour Fitness Chain in 2000. Giampaolo left 24-Hour Fitness in 2001 to begin work on a management buy-in of investor club Pi Capital, which completed in 2002.
Pi Capital.
Giampaolo is a major shareholder and chief executive of Pi Capital.
Pi’s membership includes entrepreneurs and chairman/CEOs from the business community in the UK and from around the globe. Andrew Davidson, writing in "The Sunday Times", describes Pi's membership as "... drawn from the business elite of Britain, money and know-how to back fledgling firms." Giampaolo and a team of in-house advisors filter investments before circulating them among members. Giampaolo claims 300 members for Pi. He and his partners co-invest on the same terms and on a peer-opt-in basis. Pi also invests in funds that are closed or invite-only, or have financial entry requirements beyond those of individual Pi members. Pi has co-invested with Apax, BC Partners, Cinven and Alchemy Partners. In 2013 Pi Capital's investment in Thomsons Online Benefits was replaced by ABRY Partners in a deal which valued Thomsons at around £100m. He is also an early-stage investor in Vint, an online marketplace for personal training services.
Giampaolo is reported as saying that wealthy investors are “…sceptical of relying on third parties to invest their capital. They don’t want to be shown a product which a bank has created, and to which large fees are usually attached whether the investment does well or not." He describes Pi as a “...conservative investor”.
The Independent reported in 2007 that Pi members have invested over £150m since Giampaolo’s buy-out. Following the takeover, Giampaolo is associated with bringing a members-club ethos to Pi Capital, as well as fostering a salon-like atmosphere by arranging monthly events featuring speakers on intellectual as well as financial topics. Previous speakers include Bill Clinton, Sir Martin Sorrell, CEO of WPP, and Dominic Barton, global MD of McKinsey. Giampaolo commented to the "Financial Times" in September 2012: “Intellectual capital is the focus.” The article drew parallels between Pi Capital’s events and those of non-financial salons in London, such the 14-10 club, Intelligence Squared and the 5x15 talk series.
Pi Club has also begun participating in philanthropic initiatives under Giampaolo's leadership.
Business philosophy.
The Financial Times quotes Giampaolo as believing that entrepreneurs should not hide behind a persona of success, but embrace their failures instead: "The best entrepreneurs talk about failure with pride and guts."
Personal life.
Giampaolo has lived in the UK since 1987. He is a member of the Young Presidents' Organization (YPO) and of The Chief Executives Organisation, an independent graduate organisation of YPO. Giampaolo is also a former board member of the International Health, Racquet & Sportsclub Association.
He lists Bill Clinton, David Patraeus, Colin Powell and his father as his biggest personal influences. His hobbies are fitness, wine and travel.
In May 2013 Giampaolo became patron of Pro Bono Economics, the not-for-profit organisation which matches volunteer economists with charities.

</doc>
<doc id="36622562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622562" title="Robert Allen (poet)">
Robert Allen (poet)

Life.
Robert Allen completed his military service, and after gaining farm experience at a farm near Prendwick (11 miles west of Alnwick), Northumberland, moved in 1950 to Redesmouth Farm, Redesmouth, near Bellingham, which was owned by his father Colonel Allen of Haydon Bridge.
When eventually he retired, he and his wife Angela, moved into a new house named “The Glebe”.in Bellingham. Robert had always had an interest in his local dialect, (which he called “Big hoose terk”, the gentle and polite dialect used when talking to the vicar, rather than the more common and normal “village talk”) and also in poetry, and his retirement allowed him the time to put the two together and write down the results. 
He then produced three audio tapes of his poems “The Canniest Place on Eorth”, “Ridin' High” and “The Lang Pack”, and eventually, in 1994, he published the whole in a book “Canny Bit Verse”., illustrated by local poet/illustrator and neighbouring farmer Henry Brewis.
Both Robert Allen and his wife died in the early 2000s.

</doc>
<doc id="36622563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622563" title="Donald William Cody">
Donald William Cody

Donald William "Don" Cody (b. March 28, 1936) is a business owner and former political figure in Saskatchewan. He represented Watrous from 1971 to 1975 and Kinistino from 1978 to 1982 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member.
He was born in Pilger, Saskatchewan, the son of Edward Cody and Rosella Wirtz, and was educated there. Cody then worked as a telegraph operator for the Canadian Pacific Railway. In 1961, he married Joan Eileen Germsheid. From 1963 to 1967, he worked as a claims adjuster for Saskatchewan Government Insurance in Regina. Then, Cody was claims examiner and Saskatchewan claims supervisor for Co-op Insurance Services Ltd.
Cody was defeated by John Lane when he ran for the Qu'Appelle seat in the provincial assembly in 1975. He served in the Saskatchewan cabinet as Minister of Co-operation and Co-operative Development and as Minister of Telephones. He was defeated by Bernard Boutin when he ran for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1982.
After leaving politics, Cody moved to Prince Albert, where he became the owner of Buns Master Bakery. From 1994 to 2003, he was mayor of Prince Albert. He also served as chair of the board for Saskatchewan Government Insurance.

</doc>
<doc id="36622574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622574" title="Locos por el Sexo">
Locos por el Sexo

Locos por el Sexo is the debut album of noise rock band Tragic Mulatto, released in 1987 through Alternative Tentacles.
Release and reception.
Ira Robbins of the "Trouser Press" gave considerable praise to "Locos por el Sexo", saying that the "taste-is-no-obstacle lyrics are funnier than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick" and that "fans of the vulgar but hysterical could do worse than to bathe in this delectable cesspool."
Despite never being individually issued on CD, five out of eight of the album's songs can be found on the "Italians Fall Down and Look Up Your Dress" compilation album.
Track listing.
All songs written by Tragic Mulatto

</doc>
<doc id="36622585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622585" title="1543 in Ireland">
1543 in Ireland

Events from the year 1543 in Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36622593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622593" title="The Tumult of Bologna">
The Tumult of Bologna

The Tumult of Bologna () is a historical fiction monologue by Italian writer Dario Fo.
Synopsis.
As summarised by Joel Schechter, the story covers the revolt of a large band of Bolognese citizens in 1324. After suffering huge losses in a series of religious wars, angry Bolognese citizens rebel against legates of the Pope and their Provençal guards. The papal delegation is besieged by a people's army that, in lack of other weapons, uses its own excrement. The siege lasts for eleven days, "during which excrement was constantly thrown over the fortress walls". Eventually the Provençal troupes and legates leave the area "under a shower of human ordure."
Translations.
An English translation has been made by Ed Emery.

</doc>
<doc id="36622598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622598" title="Gregorio Fonseca">
Gregorio Fonseca

Gregorio 'Goyo' Fonseca Recio (born 26 November 1965 in La Seca, Valladolid, Castile and León) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36622609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622609" title="List of public art in Birmingham">
List of public art in Birmingham

This is a list of public art in Birmingham, in the West Midlands, England. This list applies only to works of public art accessible in an outdoor public space. For example, this does not include artwork visible inside a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="36622611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622611" title="Government Annuities Act">
Government Annuities Act

Government Annuities Act is a stock short title used in New Zealand and the United Kingdom for legislation relating to government annuities.
List.
United Kingdom.
The Government Annuities Acts 1829 to 1888 is the collective title of the following Acts:

</doc>
<doc id="36622635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622635" title="Bandy World Championship for women 2004">
Bandy World Championship for women 2004

The Bandy World Championship for women 2004 took place in Finland between 18 and 22 February. It was the first World Championship in bandy for women. Five teams took part, and firstly, all teams played in a group series, where all teams played each other once. The four best teams continued to the semi-finals. All matches were 2x30 minutes, apart from the final, which was 2 x 45 minutes. Sweden became world champions, winning their six matches a total of 52-0.

</doc>
<doc id="36622638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622638" title="Klek (peninsula)">
Klek (peninsula)

Klek is the name of a small peninsula in the Adriatic Sea located southwest of Neum, Bosnia Herzegovina.
The peak of the peninsula, that lies directly across the eponymous village of Klek in Croatia, is disputed between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia, who last negotiated its status in the 1999 Neum Agreement.

</doc>
<doc id="36622671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622671" title="OYUS Rugby">
OYUS Rugby

OYUS Rugby ("Oulun Yliopiston Urheiluseura", Oulu University Sports Club) is a Finnish rugby club in Oulu. 

</doc>
<doc id="36622678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622678" title="Trabecular bone score">
Trabecular bone score

The trabecular bone score is a measure of bone texture correlated with bone microarchitecture and a marker for the risk of osteoporosis. Introduced in 2008, its main projected use is alongside measures of bone density in better predicting fracture risk in people with metabolic bone problems.
Need for a marker of microarchitecture.
To diagnose osteoporosis, despite the inclusion of bone mineral density (BMD), biological markers and clinical factors of fracture risk, many not detected patients are at risk and many fractures are not explained. bone mineral density is an assessment of the quantity of bone. It does not provide information on bone quality, another important parameter to describe the bone. In addition, clinical risk factors for fracture are at best an indirect assessment of the bone quality. One way to describe the quality of the bone is to assess its microarchitecture. Bone microarchitecture is related to the mechanical strength of bone and hence its greater or lesser risk of fracture. Indeed, for the same quantity of bone, different mechanically resistant bone structures may exist (few large trabeculae or numerous thin trabeculae that are mechanically stronger). Actually, bone loss is often accompanied by a deterioration of bone architecture, resulted in a decreased number of trabeculae, increased inter-trabecular distances, and a loss connectivity of the trabecular meshwork. Moreover, reduction of cortical bone thickness and increased porosity accompany trabecular bone loss, and in particular promote the fragility of the femoral neck. Osteoporotic bone is called "porous".
Technical.
The trabecular bone score) is a textural parameter that can be applied to DEXA, which quantifies the local variations in gray level. TBS is derived from the evaluation of the experimental variogram, obtained from the grayscale DEXA.
It was found that TBS is a reflection of the structural condition of the bone microarchitecture. TBS is strongly correlated with the number of trabeculae and their connectivity and negatively with the space between trabeculae. That is to say that a high TBS value means that microarchitecture bone is dense, well connected with little spaces between trabeculaes. Conversely, a low TBS value means that the microarchitecture of bone is incomplete and poorly connected with wide spaces between trabeculae.
Clinical use.
From a clinical standpoint, TBS provides:
All these studies have shown that TBS can be used as a clinical risk factor for osteoporotic fracture since it is reversible (with or without treatment), quantitative and independent of BMD. It should therefore be used as such in the same way that taking corticosteroids, rheumatoid arthritis or prevalent fracture after age 50.

</doc>
<doc id="36622681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622681" title="Kadú">
Kadú

Aldo Geraldo Manuel Monteiro (born 30 November 1994), commonly known as Kadú, is an Angolan footballer who plays for F.C. Porto in Portugal, as a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Kadú was born in Porto Amboim. He moved to Portugal in his early teens, playing for four different youth clubs and finishing his formation with F.C. Porto, who also loaned him to farm team Padroense F.C. in 2009.
On 12 May 2012, in the last day of the season and as the club had already been crowned national champions, Kadú made his first-team – and top division – debut, coming on as a late substitute for Rafael Bracalli in a 5–2 away win against Rio Ave FC.

</doc>
<doc id="36622685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622685" title="Canny Bit Verse">
Canny Bit Verse

Canny Bit Verse is a book, written and published by poet Robert Allen from Northumberland, England, in 1994. It contained a variety of poems, which between them praise the valley of the North Tyne, talk about local village cricket, or tell of sad occurrences as in the "whee's deid" (obituary) column, and according to the sales details "and for those who don't know their cushat (wood pigeon) from their shavie (chaffinch), there's a glossary of dialect words".
The poems were written at an earlier date and had been recorded by Allen on to three audio tapes, which he had produced; these are "The Canniest Place on Eorth", "Ridin' High" and "The Lang Pack".
The 128 page book is illustrated by local writer and artist Henry Brewis.
The Northumbrian Language Society, of which Allen was a founder member, is the sole supplier of this and other of his books and recordings. 
Contents.
The contents cover many topics, mainly written in the Geordie dialect, often very broad.
Below is a list of a few of the contents of the book:

</doc>
<doc id="36622716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622716" title="William Baker (bishop of Zanzibar)">
William Baker (bishop of Zanzibar)

He was born into an ecclesiastical family, educated at Aldenham and King's College, Cambridge, and ordained in 1927 after a period of study at Ripon College Cuddesdon. He was Chaplain of his old college and Assistant Curate of St Giles with St Peter’s Church, Cambridge from 1925 to 1932. After this he was Vicar of St John The Baptist’s, Newcastle on Tyne when he was elevated to the episcopate.

</doc>
<doc id="36622774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622774" title="If You Were a Movie, This Would Be Your Soundtrack">
If You Were a Movie, This Would Be Your Soundtrack

If You Were a Movie, This Would Be Your Soundtrack is an acoustic EP by American post-hardcore band Sleeping with Sirens. This album was released on June 26, 2012 through Rise Records and debuted at no. 17 on the Billboard Top 200 charts, selling 17,486 in the first week. This EP features acoustic versions of "If I'm James Dean, You're Audrey Hepburn" and "With Ears to See and Eyes to Hear," both from the album With Ears to See and Eyes to Hear, along with three new songs. A music video for "Roger Rabbit" was released on October 10, 2012 via mtvU.
Track Listing.
All lyrics written by Kellin Quinn and Jesse Lawson, all music composed by Sleeping with Sirens

</doc>
<doc id="36622776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622776" title="Mainland (disambiguation)">
Mainland (disambiguation)

Mainland is a geomorphological/geopolitical term.
Mainland may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36622782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622782" title="Lists of Geordie song-related topics">
Lists of Geordie song-related topics

There are four Geordie song-related lists on Wikipedia:

</doc>
<doc id="36622788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622788" title="Jonathan Abrahams">
Jonathan Abrahams

Jonathan Abrahams is an American television writer and producer, best known for his work on shows such as "Greek", "Mad Men" and "Haven". He has worked as a writer and producer for a number of television series, including "Wildfire", "Greek", "Raising the Bar", "Mad Men" and "Haven".
Awards and nominations.
In 2011, Abrahams won both a Writers Guild of America Award and a Primetime Emmy Award for his work on the fourth season of "Mad Men".

</doc>
<doc id="36622790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622790" title="Sam Rolleston">
Sam Rolleston

A. Sam Rolleston is a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#467), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4.
Playing career.
International honours.
Sam Rolleston represented New Zealand in 1969 against Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36622815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622815" title="Northern German Football Association">
Northern German Football Association

The Northern German Football Association (; "NFV") is one of the five regional associations of the German Football Association (; "DFB") and covers the four German states of Bremen, Hamburg, Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein.
Structure.
In 2012, the "NFV" had 1,043,701 members, 3,736 member clubs and 9,697 teams playing in all its men, women and junior league systems, making it the second smallest of the five regional associations of DFB. In the 2012-13 season, at the top of the "NFV" men's league system sits the Regionalliga Nord, a level four division in the German football league system. 
The "NFV" itself is formed by the following state associations:
History.
The "NFV" was founded in 1905 as a merger of several local football associations in Northern Germany and used to administer the Northern German football championship for the next decades. In 1933, the association along with all other regional associations was disbanded by the Nazi government, with all German football competitions now organized by the Reich. Soon after the World War II, football competitions in Northern Germany typically restarted on an informal basis, with the "NFV" officially reintroduced in 1948. Until 1963, the "NFV" had the jurisdiction on the Oberliga Nord, the regional division of the former lop level German Oberliga. After the introduction of the Bundesliga in 1963, the "NFV" league system became a feeder to the nationwide divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="36622831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622831" title="Aso ni San Roque">
Aso ni San Roque

Aso ni San Roque or "San Roque's Pet" "(international title)" was a Filipino drama-fantasy-adventure series created by Jun Lana, developed by Denoy Navarro Punio, under the direction of Don Michael Perez and produced by GMA Network. It bannered child actress, Mona Louise Rey as Fatima and Princess 'D Dog in the title role. Also part of the main cast were LJ Reyes and TJ Trinidad with Angelika dela Cruz, Gardo Versoza and Paolo Contis as the villains.
The series followed the life of Fatima, a blind little girl who has the power to fulfill a prophecy and to transform the lives of everyone who crosses her path. With her, is the dog named Anghel who is sent by heaven to protect and guide her through her adventures.
The series was also part of the networks set of shows for the last quarter of 2012, along with "Coffee Prince", "" and "Temptation of Wife". It premiered on September 10, 2012, replacing "Makapiling Kang Muli" on GMA Telebabad block and September 12, 2012 worldwide via GMA Pinoy TV.
The series was replaced by an historical epic drama, "Indio". It ran for 18 weeks with 90 episodes overall.
Synopsis.
Separated from her birth parents at a very young age, Fatima grows up under the protective wing of Mother Ben, an old gay man who happens to be under the control of a syndicate. Since then, Mother Ben became the sole protector of poor child. He uses Fatima’s disability to help her escape all the hardships and mischief brought about by cruel syndicate members.
But aside from having a pure, good heart, a dark secret lies upon Fatima's persona. She is the daughter of a mortal man to a manananggal. Behind her persona is a prophecy that is said to end the life of all evil beings on earth.
As Fatima reaches the age of seven, the search for her intensifies as witches, centaurs, mermaids and other creatures join forces to prevent Fatima from fulfilling the prophecy.
Production and development.
Originally created/conceptualized by writer and director, Jun Lana for GMA Network, Aso ni San Roque is a drama-fantasy-adventure serial lies in the old "battle between good and evil" plot. Contrary to the first report published in entertainment news website, PEP (Philippine Entertainment Portal), the series is not based from Lana's 2012 Cinemalaya Philippine Independent Film Festival entry, "Bwakaw". Lana clarifies that the series is actually inspired from San Roque and his canine's moving story. San Roque, also known as Saint Roch or Saint Rocco, is the saint usually depicted in statue form in Catholic churches as the one with a walking stick on the left hand, while the other hand is pointing on to a wound on one of his knees with a dog sitting by his side. The Catholic Church named him patron of dogs, plague, pestilence and AIDS. He is also the patron saint of invalids. In the series, San Roque brought his dog come to life to save and be a guide to Fatima, the blessed child who prophesied to be the one who will end the existence of evil entities on earth. Using a saint as part of a drama series is actually not new for the network, as they already used the same formula/format apparition in their previous TV series like in 2007 television adaptation of the hit 80's movie, "Mga Mata ni Anghelita" (lit. Angelita’s Eyes) and in 2010 fantasy-dramedy series "Magic Palayok" (lit. The Magic Clay Pot).
The series also highlights Pinoy mythology by putting aswang, manananggal, tikbalang, bruha and sirena as part of the story. Series' director, Don Michael Perez stated that, the network is aiming to enrich Filipinos [especially the young ones knowledge of the country's rich culture, beliefs and mythology by using this kind of concept, just like what the network did in their past television series, in the likes of "Darna", "Dyesebel", "Joaquin Bordado" and "Luna Mystika". In the story, the aswangs are divided into four classes: Aswang ng Hangin, most commonly known as the manananggals or the winged-vampires. It headed by the dreadful Kanlaon which played by Gardo versoza; the Aswang ng Lupa or the land-based evil entities, who ruled by Sento, played by Paolo Contis, the heartless half-human, half-horse creature popularly known as the tikbalang; Aswang ng Tubig or the sea-based evil creatures. It headed by Queen Anaira, an evil mermaid which portrayed by Gwen Zamora; and the Aswang ng Apoy or the fire-powered witches ruled by Bulan, played by Angelika dela Cruz.
Casting.
The whole casts were first presented during the series' story conference held on August 2, 2012 at GMA Network Center. Child actress, Mona Louise Rey was chosen to play the role of Fatima, the main protagonist. Rey, who rose in stardom after the successful drama series "Munting Heredera", felt overwhelmed with the network's support for her career and at the same time, excited for the role assigned on her.
Meanwhile, after given a starring role in Cinemalaya Independent Film Festival 2012 entry, "Bwakaw", Princess, a two-year-old half Golden Retriever and half Cocker Spaniel, was chosen to be part of the series as Anghel, San Roque's dog who defend and guide the main character through her adventures. Princess, who was a former bomb-sniffing dog, can do several tricks like roll over, play dead, sit and dance. Director, Don Michael Perez is all praise for the dog, "Princess, is definitely born to be a star," he says. The dog's trainer Ergie Estrella said that he did not encounter difficulty in training the star dog, saying that all it takes is positive reinforcement.
TJ Trinidad and LJ Reyes shared equally important roles in the series. Reyes considered this series as her biggest break ever. After being typecast in villain characters associated in her villainous roles in "Time of My Life" and "The Good Daughter", the network assigned her to play one of the main characters in the series, as birthmother of Mona Louise Rey's character. In one of her interviews, Reyes said that it's her first time to play a mother role on TV but she doesn’t mind doing it as long as the story is good and the character, as well. Meanwhile, Trinidad is all praise for his screen partner, said that Reyes is nice and very committed. "And I think, it’s gonna be a good partnership for the show and, you know, with the whole cast, story, and the script, it’s so exciting. Very fast-paced", he added.
The dark forces or the main villains of the story are portrayed by Angelika dela Cruz, Gardo Versoza, Gwen Zamora and Paolo Contis. Dela Cruz was cast as Bulan, an evil witch and the leader of the syndicate; Versoza playing Kanlaon, the king of the manananggals; Zamora playing the role of Anaira, an evil mermaid; while Contis playing the role of Sento, the leader of the tikbalangs.
Actor, Rafael Rosell had a special participation in the series. He played Anton, the man who saved LJ Reyes' character from the wrath of manananggals. This served as his first ever project after he transferred to GMA Network.
On the other hand, veteran stage and television actor, Pen Medina was cast as Mother Ben, an elderly gay and the adoptive "mother" to the lead character. Originally, the role was offered to Eddie Garcia but due to unforeseen health concern, Garcia later requested the producers to give him less time-demanding character, so he portrayed the role of Supremo, instead.
Filming.
The production began on August 24, 2012, with series' creator Jun Lana and director, Don Michael Perez; creative team headed by Jake Tordesillas primetime; creative consultant Dode Cruz; developer Denoy Navarro Punio and writers Jules Katanyag, Des Garbes-Severino and Rona Sales and brainstormers, John Kenneth de Leon, Borgy Danao and Jason Lim. The series is executive produced by Winnie Hollis Reyes with Helen Rose Sese as the program manager and Lilybeth Rasonable as the overall in-charge of the production. Different locations are used for both provincial and urban backdrops.

</doc>
<doc id="36622836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622836" title="Fire Safety Certificate">
Fire Safety Certificate

Another name of the Fire Safety Certificate is the Certificate of Conformity to the Requirements of Fire Safety. The function of the given certificate is to prove conformity of the production to the approved rules of safety. In Russia the Certificate of Conformity to Requirements of Fire Safety may be received in the case when the production went through the procedure of certification tests after which their owner was provided with the protocol of the tests which serves as the base of issuing the Certificate. For each kind of production there are certain methods of tests and requirements which are described in the Fire Technical Reglament for some kind of goods.
What kinds of goods need the certificate?
Article 143 of the RF Federal Law 123 lists all the goods that need obligatory certification for conformity to fire safety. In spite of this, by his own initiative the customer may draw up the voluntary certificate of conformity to the requirements of fire safety. It should be noted that the whole process of receiving such certificate does not differ from the process of receiving the obligatory certificate.
The documents.
During the process of receiving the Fire Safety Certificate, the certification body must obligatory be provided with the packet of the documents which are different for each kind of goods. Certification of fire safety is performed in accordance with the norms of technical rules existing for each kind of production. In spite of this, some documents must be provided in any case, i.e. by certification of fire safety of any kind of goods:
More details.
After all the necessary documents are provided, the body that performs evaluation of safety of production selects samples for tests. After this, the received results are entered into the act of selection of samples and into the act for performing tests. The results of the performed tests are also entered into the corresponding protocol which serves as the reason for making decision for issuing the certificate. Basing on the decision made, the applicant receives the Certificate of Conformity to Fire Safety or not.
The list of the documents necessary for drawing up the Fire Safety Certificate:

</doc>
<doc id="36622837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622837" title="Stephen Jordan (writer)">
Stephen Jordan (writer)

Stephen Jordan (born August 5, 1986) is an English science fiction, fantasy, horror and comedy writer, playwright and director.
Career.
In 2009, he co-founded ManMoth Productions, a theatre production group, with Patrick Baker. In 2011, he co-wrote, directed and ManMoth produced 'A Hero's Journey', a surreal comedy play about 'the constant turmoils and failures of being a writer'. The play opened at the Etcetera Theatre in 2011 as part of the Camden Fringe Festival, to sell out audiences. The production was quite well received, being described as 'deeply absorbing' and an 'affirmative act of bloody minded creation'. In 2012, Jordan returned to the Etcetera and the Camden Fringe with his first solo production, a science fiction comedy play called 'Dead Static', about two strangers who have an hour to live in deep space. The production played to sell out audiences and was well received, being described as a 'splendidly thoughtful and hilarious production', 'even funnier a space comedy than Red Dwarf', with its brand of comedy likened to that of Blackadder and Men Behaving Badly. Dead Static's second run took place in December 2012, at the Hen and Chickens Theatre in Islington. In 2013, Jordan debuted 'Pilgrim Shadow' at the Tristan Bates Theatre in Covent Garden, London as part of the 2013 Camden Fringe Festival. The science fiction comedy play and sequel to Dead Static was about two petty criminals on the run and in search of mythical lost treasure. Like its predecessor, the show received acclaim from critics who described the show as a 'hilarious, unusual Sci-Fi excursion'. A sequel to 'Pilgrim Shadow' is planned for 2015, completing The Future Boys Trilogy. 
In 2013, Jordan co-founded a new theatre production group, Bad Bat Productions, with Ellen Gallagher. Bad Bat's first theatre production will be Jordan's 'The Probleming', a horror comedy that will debut as part of the 2014 Camden Fringe Festival.
Jordan also writes genre short stories and novels. He holds a BA in Creative & Media Writing, and an MA in Creative Writing within Science Fiction & Fantasy, both from Middlesex University. His humorous fantasy short story 'The Good Death Guide' was shortlisted in the 2011 Fine Line Short Story Competition. His horror short story 'Sheep', was released in issue 4 of KZINE in 2012, and his science fiction horror short story 'Heat' was release in issue 8 of KZINE in 2014. 

</doc>
<doc id="36622878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622878" title="Feroz Watwan">
Feroz Watwan

Feroze Wattowan is a town in Sheikhupura District, Punjab, Pakistan. It is located at Faisalabad road about 28 km from Sheikhupura city.According to the revenue record the town is occupying 11875 acres. This town has population of 84000. The neighbouring villages of Feroze wattowan are Walgan Jhanda, Ghullawattowan, Jhalar Maharan, Jhalar Bhuttian, Bangla, Jhalar Samandki and Makki 525.
Economy.
Ferozewattowan is an industrial town, having about 35 textile and spinning mills. Including well-known Nishat Group, Sapphire Group and Ehsan Danish mill. In these factories a lot of local people are working and earning their livings. 
The main occupation of people is agriculture. They grow wheat, rice, sugarcane, vegetables especially pea,oat, corn and fodder for their cattle. Many land lords are working as rice and wheat dealer (locally called " arhti").

</doc>
<doc id="36622885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622885" title="Zhang Zhen Huan">
Zhang Zhen Huan

Zhang Zhen Huan () is a Chinese-born Singaporean actor.
Early life.
Zhang was born in Sichuan, China and moved to Singapore as a teenager. He graduated from the National University of Singapore with a degree in civil engineering.
Career.
In 2008 Zhang was spotted after his runner-up finish in the MediaCorp Channel U talent show "U Are The One" and was signed by MediaCorp. He was nominated for the Best Newcomer Award at the Star Awards 2009. His breakthrough came in the 2009 anniversary drama "Together" and he won nominations for the best supporting actor at the Star Awards and Asian Television Awards in 2010.
Personal life.
Zhang became a Singaporean permanent resident in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36622888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622888" title="Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga (2012 TV series)">
Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga (2012 TV series)

Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga or It Might Be You (international title) is a Filipino drama series created and written by RJ Nuevas, under the direction of Roderick Lindayag and produced by GMA Network. It is a remake of the 2001 television series of the same title. In the modern version, Mikael Daez and Andrea Torres breathe new life to the roles previously portrayed by Dingdong Dantes and Tanya Garcia-Lapid. The series premiered on September 3, 2012, replacing "Kasalanan Bang Ibigin Ka?" on GMA Afternoon Prime, and September 6, 2012 worldwide via GMA Pinoy TV.
The series is also part of the networks set of shows for the last quarter of 2012, along with "Magdalena" and "Yesterday's Bride".
The series follows the story of love between a rich man and a poor woman whose romance would be marked by betrayal, lies and obsession.
The series which was confirmed to be allotted for 16 weeks is extended until February 2013 due to its impressive viewership and garnering high ratings as confirmed by Daez in an interview taken place during a December 2012 taping for the afternoon TV series.
The series concluded on February 8, 2013. It ran for 23 weeks with a total of 115 episodes. It replaced by "Bukod Kang Pinagpala" on its timeslot.
Premise.
The story revolves around two lovers whose romance is against all odds.
Carlos Miguel Altamonte, a handsome, rich guy, meets the poor but charming barrio lass, Cecilia Fulgencio. It was love at first sight for both of them. There's a hitch, however, Carlos Miguel is trapped in an arranged marriage with Olga Villavicer, a woman he doesn't really love. Yet, Carlos Miguel and Cecilia's love for each other proves strong enough to motivate the former to back out to the designed commitment and pursue his newfound bliss.
Carlos Miguel fought for his love for Cecilia and succeeded in wooing her to tie the knot with him. On the other hand, Olga, unable to accept defeat, sets an evil plan into action. A scheme that will entirely change Cecilia's life and worse, lose her own identity.
Origin.
"Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga" (lit. Hope It's Really You) was a hit television series originally created by RJ Nuevas GMA Network. The series ran for two successful years. It premiered on December 3, 2001 and concluded on January 10, 2003, and still remains as one of the network’s most popular and well-loved teledramas to this day.
The original version starred Dingdong Dantes and Tanya Garcia as Carlos Miguel Altamonte and Cecilia Fulgencio/Olga Villavicer respectively. It was under the direction of Gil Tejada, Jr.
The said series was the very first project of Dantes and Garcia’s love team and also served as the launch vehicle for their respected careers.
Also parts of the original series are Angelu de Leon, Bobby Andrews, Jacklyn Jose, Elizabeth Oropeza, Tirso Cruz III, Maricar de Mesa, Eric Quizon and Joey de Leon.
Production and development.
August 3, 2012, the network announced that they had decided to recreate one of its very own masterpieces, "Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga", following the success of their 2011 remake of "Ikaw Lang Ang Mamahalin".
The same date, the production team introduces the new actors that will portray the two main characters for the new version of the series, Mikael Daez and Andrea Torres.
While there are many similarities to the original version, many changes were made. Headwriter, RJ Nuevas, whose concept gave birth to the original series, further stated that compare to the original series, the new version's storyline is more matured and daring. "We had to make the story more contemporary. This is a great challenge for all of us. After a decade, one of the most-loved teledramas in Philippine television will be given a different touch that is appropriate for today's times. We’re speeding it up a little bit the series is good only for one season and putting some more interesting twists and turns", he added.
The production started filming on August 16, 2012 with series’ creator and headwriter, RJ Nuevas; series’ director, Roderick Lindayag; program manager, Hazel Abonita; creative head Afternoon Prime block, Roy Iglesias and creative director, Jun Lana; and Lilybeth Rasonable served as the overall in-charge of production. 
The production is targeting to air the 2012 reboot for a total of 16 weeks.
Casting.
Andrea Torres and Mikael Daez was chosen to play Cecilia and Carlos Miguel, respectively, amongst the roster of actors who auditioned for the roles. The two are very happy and beyond grateful that their mother studio is trusting them with their own drama series.
Daez's first major break as an actor came when he landed the role of Lumad, one of Marian Rivera's love interests in the epic series, "Amaya". He later appeared in the primetime series "My Beloved", where he first had the opportunity of working with Torres. The two never had scenes together, but everyone, back then, kept teasing them to each other. Unknown to both, they will end up as a pair in this afternoon drama series.
On the other hand, Torres reprises the role of Cecilia Fulgencio. She will play both the real and fake Cecilia after her character’s face disfigured in a bombing incident in the story. Since she will play dual roles, Torres underwent several acting workshops as her preparation for her role.
Prior to this project, Torres once got so depressed at work that she even thought of quitting show business. She stated: "There was a point when I asked myself if I really had a future here. I gave myself until age 24 or 25. If nothing happened, I'd start looking in another direction". Until her big break had finally come. "I waited for this for so long! It's a good thing I didn't lose hope or just decided to quit. I'm glad I still believed this would happen to me. And now I’m feeling the pressure. I'm working twice as hard to prove that I deserve it", she added.
Although Philippine showbusiness' case experimenting with a new pair is always a big gamble, the show's program manager, Hazel Abonita is very optimistic about the program. ""Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga" became very popular when it first aired ten years ago at time when viewers were starting to notice the network's primetime offerings. The show opened many doors for its original lead stars, and we’re hoping that the new version will do the same for Mikael and Andrea," she said in a press statement.
Abonita's group was also the same team behind the production of the high rating afternoon drama series "Hiram na Puso", which starred Gina Alajar, Kris Bernal and Mark Herras.
Aside from Daez and Torres, Gabby Eigenmann and Chynna Ortaleza are also part of the remake as the two main antagonists. They played the roles of Gilbert Zalameda and Olga Villavicer, which originally portrayed by actor/director Eric Quizon and character actress, Maricar De Mesa, respectively.
Music.
Instead of using the original theme song, which is Cecile Azarcon's classic composition, "Sana'y Ikaw Na Nga", the 2012 version of the series uses the song "Ikaw Na Sana", a Vehnee Saturno original piece. First performed by Butch Montejo and Kristine Mercaida, the song was first used as soundtrack of 1997 Viva Television-GMA Network co-production romantic-fantasy series its movie version of the same title, which starred 90's famous loveteam, Angelu de Leon and Bobby Andrews. Mark Bautista and Rachelle Ann Go interpreted the song for the modernized remake.
Reception.
The pilot episode of the series garnered an 8.7 point lead over its counterpart programs in ABS-CBN and TV5. According to both AGB and Nielsen Television Audience Measurement (Nielsen TAM) Mega-Manila overnight household ratings date (September 3, 2012), Sana Ay Ikaw na Nga garnered 16.4% ratings while Kung Ako Ay Iiwan Mo and Love You A Thousand Times garnered 7.7% and 4.4% ratings, respectively.
On October 24, 2012, the show garnered 52.4% audience share (Mega Manila Household Audience Shares – Nielsen TV Audience Measurement) against 19.1% audience shares of Kung Ako’y Iiwan Mo of ABS-CBN.
For the period November 19, 2012 to January 25, 2013 (based on overnight data), the show also went ahead of the rival network's newly launched program "Paraiso", registered a commanding average TV rating of 15.1% against 8.7% of the competing program. The show also ahead of its competitors in the viewer-rich areas of Urban Luzon and Mega Manila.

</doc>
<doc id="36622913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622913" title="Dipterocarpus tuberculatus">
Dipterocarpus tuberculatus

Dipterocarpus tuberculatus (Khmer "khlông", Indian English "gurjuntree") is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae found in Bangladesh, Myanmar, Thailand, Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam. The tree is found in clear forests of plains, at altitudes up to 800-1000m. It grows to height of 5–25 m.
The lipids and wood are used in the Indian subcontinent. Uses in Cambodia include: using the leaves for packaging and sometimes for covering huts; the wood, resistant to bad weather, is used to make beams, boards and for the manufacture of boats; and the roots are used in traditional medicine to cure fractures. At least recently, the tree is an important firewood source in some areas of the Cambodian province of Kompong Chhnang.

</doc>
<doc id="36622975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622975" title="Spy (Super Junior song)">
Spy (Super Junior song)

"Spy" is a digital single by South Korean boy band Super Junior. It is the second promotional single for the group's sixth studio album "Sexy, Free & Single" and title track of the repackaged edition, titled "Spy". It was digitally released on August 5, 2012, along with three other new tracks in the repackaged album, which was released offline on August 6.
Background.
"Spy" is a fast urban dance song that is reminiscent of a spy film. It samples a selection from the 1995 TV series "Get Smart". On 3 August, the teaser for the "Spy" music video was released on their official YouTube channel,and the music video was released on August 12. The group made their "Spy" stage debut on 9 August on Mnet's M! Countdown.

</doc>
<doc id="36622980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622980" title="Hemiolaus ceres">
Hemiolaus ceres


</doc>
<doc id="36622990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622990" title="2013 in British television">
2013 in British television

This is a list of events that took place in 2013 related to British television.

</doc>
<doc id="36622991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622991" title="Blasius of Parma">
Blasius of Parma

Blasius of Parma (Biagio Pelacani da Parma) (c. 1365 – 1416) was an Italian philosopher, mathematician and astrologer.
He popularised English and French philosophical work in Italy, where he associated both with scholastics and with early Renaissance humanists.
He was professor of mathematics at the University of Padua, where he taught from 1382 to 1388; he taught also at the University of Pavia (1374? to 1378, and again 1389 to 1407), and the University of Bologna (1389 to 1382). His students included Vittorino da Feltre.
Works.
Blasius around 1390 wrote a work on perspective; it drew on Alhacen, John Pecham, and Witelo. Filippo Brunelleschi may have known of the work of Blasius through Giovanni dell'Abbaco.
His "Tractatus de Ponderibus" was based on Oxford theories on laws of motion taken up from the statics of Jordanus Nemorarius, and introduced them into Italy. He disagreed with the views of Thomas Bradwardine on proportion, and gave a proof of the mean speed theorem. He also wrote on the natural philosophy of Aristotle.

</doc>
<doc id="36622992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622992" title="Hemiolaus cobaltina">
Hemiolaus cobaltina


</doc>
<doc id="36622994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36622994" title="Endemic birds of the Himalayas">
Endemic birds of the Himalayas

This article is one of a series providing information about endemism among birds in the World's various zoogeographic zones. For an overview of this subject see Endemism in birds.
Patterns of endemism.
"To do
Endemic Bird Areas.
Birdlife International has defined the following Endemic Bird Areas (EBAs) in the region:
"To do
Each area has its own set of endemic species.
In addition the following are classified as Secondary areas (areas with at least one restricted-range bird species, but not meeting the criteria to qualify as EBAs)
"To do
List of species.
Near-endemics.
The following species are almost wholly confined to the Himalayas, with only a small part of their range occurring beyond.
Breeding endemics.
The following species are endemic as breeding species, but winter elsewhere:
"To do

</doc>
<doc id="36623003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623003" title="Hemiolaus maryra">
Hemiolaus maryra


</doc>
<doc id="36623011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623011" title="Woodbury Hill">
Woodbury Hill

Woodbury Hill is an Iron Age hill fort located near Worcester in England. In 1405 it was the site of a stand off between the Welsh/French army of Owain Glyn Dwr and the army of King Henry IV of England. The armies took up battle positions daily and viewed each other from a mile without any major action for eight days. The armies never engaged in battle and with their supply routes blocked, the Welsh began to starve. The Welsh headed home and Henry stood down his army.
During the English civil war local peasants met here to form a clubmen society to protect themselves from the ravages of both the Royalist and Roundhead troops.

</doc>
<doc id="36623024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623024" title="Leptomyrina boschi">
Leptomyrina boschi

Leptomyrina boschi is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in central Ethiopia.

</doc>
<doc id="36623029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623029" title="List of progressive house artists">
List of progressive house artists

This is a list of progressive house artists.

</doc>
<doc id="36623035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623035" title="Leptomyrina makala">
Leptomyrina makala

Leptomyrina makala is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Kivu) and western Uganda.

</doc>
<doc id="36623045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623045" title="Reissend Nollen">
Reissend Nollen

The Reissend Nollen is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Bern. It lies on the range west of the Titlis, between Engelberg and Gadmen.

</doc>
<doc id="36623049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623049" title="Leptomyrina phidias">
Leptomyrina phidias

Leptomyrina phidias is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found on Madagascar and Réunion. The habitat consists of rocky areas with rupicolous vegetation and anthropogenic environments.
The larvae feed on "Bryophyllum delagoense", "Bryophyllum daigremontianum", "Bryophyllum proliferum" and "Bryophyllum pinnatum".

</doc>
<doc id="36623060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623060" title="United States v. Mitchell (1983)">
United States v. Mitchell (1983)

United States v. Mitchell, 463 U.S. 206 (1983), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that the United States is accountable in money damages for alleged breaches of trust in connection with its management of forest resources on allotted lands of the Quinault Reservation.
Background.
History.
The Quinault and Quileute tribes, are Indian (Native American) tribes are located on the Quinault and Quileute Reservations in the State of Washington. The tribes moved onto unsuitable reservations after signing the Treaty of Olympia with the United States in 1855. In 1873 a reservation of was established by Executive Order along the Washington coastline, with most of the reservation being heavily wooded. In 1905, the federal government began transferring or allotting land to individual tribal members under the Indian General Allotment Act and the Quinault Allotment Act. By 1935 the entire reservation had been broken up into parcels. The timber resources on the allotted land was managed by the Department of the Interior and the Secretary of the Interior has statutory authority over the sale of timber from allotted trust lands. The Secretary has issued comprehensive regulations on the management of Indian timber resources.
Prior court decisions.
In 1971, 1,465 individuals who owned allotments filed a lawsuit in the Court of Claims alleging that the United States had mismanaged the timber resources on the reservation. Mitchell and the other plaintiffs alleged that the government had breached their fiduciary duty by failing to obtain proper value for timber sold, by failing to properly manage timber resources, and by excessive charges for administrative duties. After discovery had been conducted and a partial trial held in 1977, the government moved to dismiss the suit on jurisdictional grounds. The Court of Claims denied the motion, basing their jurisdiction to hear the case under the Indian General Allotment Act. The United States appealed to the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court reversed the Court of Claims, holding that the Indian General Allotment Act did not create a trust relationship and that any grounds for recovery must be based on other grounds. The case then returned to the Court of Claims to consider the plaintiff's other claims, and the United States again moved for dismissal. The Court of Claims rejected the motion to dismiss, holding that three other federal laws gave the plaintiffs a cause of action. These three laws dealt with timber sales, regulations and sustained yield, and rights-of-way.
The United States again appealed to the Supreme Court, which granted certiorari to hear the case.
Opinion of the court.
Arguments.
Joshua I. Schwartz argued the case for the United States. Charles A. Hobbs argued the case for the tribal members. The Shoshone tribe of the Wind River Indian Reservation filed an "amicus curiae" brief in support of the tribal members. The United States argued that the Court of Claims did not have jurisdiction to hear the case.
Majority opinion.
Justice Thurgood Marshall delivered the opinion of the court. Marshall noted that both the Tucker Act and the Indian Tucker Act waived the sovereign immunity of the United States and allowed the plaintiffs to bring a case to the Court of Claims. Marshall then examined the history of the three statutes that the Court of Claims held created a trust relationship with the plaintiffs. He concluded that the plain language of the statutes created a trust relationship between the United States government and the plaintiffs. Marshall noted that it is well established that a trustee is liable for damages in cases of a breach of fiduciary duties. He stated that it "naturally follows that the Government should be liable in damages for the breach of its fiduciary duties." The decision of the Court of Claims was affirmed.
Dissenting opinion.
Justice Lewis F. Powell, Jr. dissented from the majority opinion. Powell stated that without explicit language establishing liability on the government, there can be no valid claim or subject matter jurisdiction. He would have reversed the decision of the Court of Claims.
Subsequent developments.
"Mitchell" was the first case where the Supreme Court ruled that the United States government could be liable for monetary damages for a trust relationship. As a result, "Mitchell" has been cited over 1,900 times by courts as of August, 2012. Since the fiduciary duty has been established, tribes have been using it to ensure that the Secretary of the Interior takes their needs into consideration, especially in the area of mineral and timber resources.
External links.
, full text of case, courtesy of Findlaw

</doc>
<doc id="36623064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623064" title="2013 in television">
2013 in television

2013 in television may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36623082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623082" title="Sara Al-Flaij">
Sara Al-Flaij

Sarah Al Flaij (born 3 August 1995) is a Bahraini swimmer. She competed in the women's 50m freestyle in the 2012 Summer Olympics as part of the Bahraini Olympic team.
Career.
Sarah participated in the 2010 Asian Games in the 50m freestyle and 50m breaststroke events in Guangzhou, China. 
She also competed in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships, also in the women's 50m freestyle and women's 100m freestyle.
She competed in the women's 50m freestyle at the 2012 London Olympics, finishing with a time of 33.81 seconds, which is her personal best having broken her previous record of 33.98 seconds. 
She is coached by Bahraini Khalid Ahmed, who also coaches fellow Bahraini swimmer Khalid Baba.
Personal life.
Sarah is currently a student and plays for the Southern Governorate club.

</doc>
<doc id="36623100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623100" title="Don Munro">
Don Munro

Donald "Don" Wayne Munro is a New Zealander professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#514), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 2 or 5.
Playing career.
Munro played for the Porirua City club in the Wellington Rugby League competition.
Representative career.
Between 1970 and 1976 Munro played thirty six times for Wellington.
Munro was first selected for the New Zealand Kiwis in 1974, in the squad for three test matches against the Great Britain Lions. Munro did not play in that series but he was selected to tour Australia in 1975, scoring six tries in seven games; including four on debut, against Central Queensland, at Rockhampton. He played three test matches later in the year, World Championship matches against France, England, and Wales. He was dropped for the northern hemisphere tour of the Championship and did not play for the Kiwis again.

</doc>
<doc id="36623107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623107" title="Hands Off Russia">
Hands Off Russia

The Hands Off Russia was a campaign founded by British Socialists in 1919 to organise opposition to the British intervention on the side of the White armies in the Russian Civil War. The National Committee for the Hands off Russia Movement was elected at a conference in London in January 1919. Socialists like William Paul, P. Coates (national secretary), Harry Pollitt (national organiser) and Alfred Comrie were active in the campaign.
In 1918 East London dockers had refused to load the "Jolly George" with arms headed for Russia. 
In 1919, William Paul published "Hands off Russia" which claimed:
Sylvia Pankhurst reported in August 1919 that:
Many of those who were active in the Hands off Russia Campaign would go on to found the Communist Party of Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="36623114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623114" title="Adrian Hennigan">
Adrian Hennigan

Adrian Hennigan is a British film critic. He is best known for his work with the BBC and Popcorn.net as a film reviewer.

</doc>
<doc id="36623135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623135" title="Pijpenkabinet &amp; Smokiana">
Pijpenkabinet &amp; Smokiana

The Amsterdam Pipe Museum (former Pijpenkabinet) is a museum in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, holding a unique collection of smoking pipes and related paraphernalia ('tobacology'). The museum gives a profound idea of smoking in five continents from the earliest times (500 BC) till present days.
The permanent exhibition of the Pijpenkabinet displays over 2,000 items, which represent the large variety of smoking pipes and utensils that have been used in all parts of the world over the past 25 centuries. They are a showcase of (pre-) industrial design and artistic craftsmanship.
History.
The Amsterdam Pipe Museum (Pijpenkabinet) was founded as a private collection in 1969. From 1975 to 1982 the collection was on display in an art gallery at Frederiksplein, Amsterdam. The focus was mainly on clay tobacco pipes for which Holland has been famous.
In 1982 the Pijpenkabinet moved to Leiden, where it functioned as a public museum until 1995. The collection was enlarged with historic and ethnographic items. The museum actively published its scientific historic research.
In 1995 the Pijpenkabinet moved to its present location in Amsterdam. It can be found in a typical Amsterdam canal house along the Prinsengracht, between the Leidseplein and the National Museum (the Rijksmuseum). The museum now shows all sorts of pipes, including works-of-art like the carved meerschaum pipes and hand-painted porcelain pipe bowls.
Collection.
The collection of the Pijpenkabinet has been growing since the day of its establishment due to an policy of regular acquisitions. It now counts for more than 25,000 items, which are systematically arranged and stored in the Pijpenkabinet’s storage room. It includes artifacts of the cultural history of smoking from nearly all continents. A representative selection is displayed in tailor-made cabinets. 
The collection itself is the world-wide archive for pipes and serves as source of information for multiple scientific papers and publications. In 1993 it was awarded with the A-status within National Collections by the Ministry of Culture and Science of the Netherlands. This qualifies the Pijpenkabinet as the National Museum for the tobacco pipe and the smoking culture.
The Pijpenkabinet’s collection can be described with the following categories: 
Building.
The Pijpenkabinet Museum is located in a historic building in the centre of Amsterdam. It is a typical Amsterdam canal house at Prinsengracht built around 1680. It was renovated around 1800: the windows were enlarged and the gable top was changed into a cornice, leaving the dark stone steps and the fan-light above the front door authentic. The interior still witness the history of three centuries, with its carefully restored stucco corridor with marble paneling, authentic beam ceilings with carved decorations, the use of original colors etc.
The basement entrance leads to the museum shop Smokiana pipeshop.
The various floors of the building hold the library and documentation centre.
Research and publications.
The Pijpenkabinet museum holds a great deal of expertise on this specialized field of pipes and the culture of smoking. Historical research is an ongoing activity. All this knowledge is spread through publications in international magazines, issued as books or ready available on the website. The museum has issued books on the archeology of the clay tobacco pipes and its marks. More recently the 19th-century development of the clay pipe industry in Europe was published in a lavishly illustrated book: "Century of Change: The European Clay Pipe, Its Final Flourish and Ultimate Fall". This includes the French fashion of the portrait pipes and its influence on other production centers. 
The curator of the museum also studied the history of the opium smoking, resulting in a book on opium and opium pipes with a full international bibliography on the subject.
Services.
The museum staff is able to provide information and to identify pipes from archaeological excavations or kept as an antiquity. Since the Dutch clay pipes, produced mainly in Gouda, were shipped to all countries where the West- and East-India Companies were active – virtually the full known world during the 17th and 18th centuries – Dutch pipe finds are known from all over the world, from Japan to New York, from Spitsbergen (North Pole) to Cape Town. Numerous find reports include the expertise of the Amsterdam pipe museum.
Even individuals can call for help identifying age, production place and even value of pipe finds (the latter only after examining the real object).

</doc>
<doc id="36623152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623152" title="Dissen (surname)">
Dissen (surname)

Dissen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36623155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623155" title="Western German Football and Athletics Association">
Western German Football and Athletics Association

The Western German Football and Athletics Association (; "WFLV") is one of the five regional associations of the German Football Association (; "DFB") and covers German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Structure.
In 2012, the "WFLV" football department had 1,530,526 members, 4,949 member clubs and 11,306 teams playing in all its men, women and junior league systems, making it the second largest of the five regional associations of DFB. In the 2012-13 season, at the top of the "WFLV" men's league system sits the Regionalliga West, a level four division in the German football league system. 
The "WFLV" itself is formed by the following state associations (football departments only):
History.
The history of the "WFLV" dates back to 1898 with the foundation of the Rhineland local "Rheinischer Spiel-Verband", then following several mergers with other local football associations in Western Germany. It used to administer the Western German football championship for the next decades. In 1933, the association along with all other regional associations was disbanded by the Nazi government, with all German football competitions now organized by the Reich. Soon after the World War II, football competitions in Western Germany typically restarted on an informal basis, with the associaiton officially reintroduced in 1947. Until 1963, it had the jurisdiction on the Oberliga West, the regional division of the former lop level German Oberliga. After the introduction of the Bundesliga in 1963, the association's league system became a feeder to the nationwide divisions. In 2002, the football department merged with the "Athlectics Association of the North Rhine".

</doc>
<doc id="36623159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623159" title="Leptomyrina sudanica">
Leptomyrina sudanica

Leptomyrina sudanica is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in Sudan.

</doc>
<doc id="36623169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623169" title="Leptomyrina handmani">
Leptomyrina handmani

Leptomyrina handmani is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family. It is found in southern Malawi and Zambia.
The larvae feed on "Kalanchoe" and "Cotyledon" species.

</doc>
<doc id="36623171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623171" title="Paul Te Ariki">
Paul Te Ariki

Paul William Te Ariki is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#554), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums.
Representative career.
Te Ariki represented New Zealand in 1980 against Australia, and on the tour of Great Britain and France.

</doc>
<doc id="36623175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623175" title="Van Emden">
Van Emden

van Emden is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36623182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623182" title="Fluebrig">
Fluebrig

The Fluebrig (2,092 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located east of Unteriberg in the canton of Schwyz. It is composed of several summits of which the highest is named "Diethelm".
On its northern side, the Fluebrig overlooks the lake of Sihl (west) and the lake of Wägital (east).

</doc>
<doc id="36623183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623183" title="Van Engelen">
Van Engelen

Van Engelen is a Dutch toponymic surname, meaning "from Engelen". Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36623185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623185" title="Giovanni Battista Fiorini">
Giovanni Battista Fiorini

Giovanni Battista Fiorini was a native of Bologna. He flourished at the close of the 16th century, and died subsequently to 1595. He is chiefly known as a coadjutor of Cesare Aretusi, in conjunction with whom he painted several pictures at Bologna and Brescia, and distinguished himself especially as a good designer and a happy inventor. By him there are the following works: 

</doc>
<doc id="36623187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623187" title="Lionel Cox">
Lionel Cox

Lionel Cox may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36623190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623190" title="Max Hazelton">
Max Hazelton

Max Hazelton OBE (born May 1927) is an Australian aviator and founder of Hazelton Airlines, a regional Australian airline which became Regional Express Airlines after a merger in August 2002.
Biography.
Born in May 1927, Charles Maxwell Hazelton, from a young age, aimed at becoming a pilot. He joined the Air Training Corps at the age of 16 but, when the Second World War ended in 1945, he saw his pilot career under threat since the Royal Australian Air Force already had too many pilots, seemingly leaving him without a future in the industry.
Working as an apprentice automotive engineer in Sydney, he continued his interest in becoming a pilot, eventually acquiring a private and, later, a commercial pilot's license. With support from his mother he purchased his first aircraft, an Auster Aiglet Trainer for 2,500 pounds. He started his own charter company in 1953 from his brother-in-law’s property at Toogong, New South Wales.
In October 1954 he crashed his plane on a flight from Bankstown Airport in heavy rain near Oberon, but escaped uninjured. While only 16 kilometres from Oberon he got lost in heavy fog, hiking for six days and covering over 100 kilometres before returning to civilisation.
Purchasing a new aircraft, a Cessna 180, he continued flying charters and applying fertiliser and pesticides. He was reported for night flying by the local police, then illegal, but was able to convince the authorities to lift the ban, pointing out that flying condition were calmer at night and crop spraying was essential to local cotton farmers. In 1959 he moved operations to Cudal, where he operated his own airfield.
Not afraid of controversy he piloted the South African rugby union team during their tour in Australia and broke a union ban on Merino ram exports to Fiji in 1971 by flying them there.
By 1968 his airline, Hazelton Airlines, operated 22 aircraft. By 1994, when he floated his company on the stock market, Hazelton Airlines carried 330,000 passengers a year. In November 1995 he stepped down as CEO of the airline after a boardroom fight for control of the company. In 2001 the Hazelton family sold their stake in the airline to Ansett Australia, after a take-over battle between the former and Qantas. After Ansett collapsed in September 2001 Hazelton continued operations and, together with Kendell Airlines, became Regional Express Airlines on 1 August 2002.
He continues to be involved in the aviation industry, writing comments in the Central Western Daily on airline industry matters.

</doc>
<doc id="36623192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623192" title="Jennifer Bricker">
Jennifer Bricker

Jennifer Bricker (born October 1, 1987) is an American acrobat and aerialist. She is the sister of gymnast Dominique Moceanu. Born without legs, she was placed for adoption by her parents. She was a featured performer on the Britney Spears "Circus" tour and was the first handicapped high school tumbling champion in the state of Illinois.
In 1998 Jen competed in the AAU Junior Olympics (power tumbling), placing fourth. The same year she received the U.S. Tumbling Association’s Inspiration Award.
Her history is detailed in Dominique Moceanu’s memoir book, "Off Balance".

</doc>
<doc id="36623197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623197" title="Imad Najah">
Imad Najah

Imad Najah (born 19 February 1991) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Dutch club RKC Waalwijk, as a defensive midfielder.
Career.
Born in Utrecht, Netherlands, Najah has played club football for PSV and RKC Waalwijk.
Najah represented Morocco at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36623207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623207" title="Sherbet (Buono! album)">
Sherbet (Buono! album)

Background.
The album was released in two versions: Limited Edition (CD+DVD) and Regular Edition (CD only). "Never Gonna Stop!" is the ending theme for the Japan-based sports program Bowling Revolution P-League.

</doc>
<doc id="36623213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623213" title="Nolan Tupaea">
Nolan Tupaea

Nolan John Kotahitanga o te Hau Tupaea is a former New Zealand professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s, playing at representative level for New Zealand (#557), and Wellington, as a , i.e. number 6.
Playing career.
Tupaea played for the St. George club and the Petone Panthers in the Wellington Rugby League competition. Tupaea played for St. George between 1970 and 1979, being part of a premiership winning side in 1977. He spent 1973-74 season playing for Wigan, although he did not play in a first grade match. In 1979 he moved to Petone, winning premierships in 1980, 1981 and 1982. He was also part of their 1982 victory in the National Club Cup.
Representative career.
Tupaea represented Wellington, playing 64 matches between 1971 and 1985. He was selected for the Kiwi Colts in 1973 for a match against Queensland. In 1976 he represented the North Island against the touring Sydney Metropolitan side. 
Tupaea played for the Central Districts side in their first five years of the New Zealand Rugby League's district competition. The side won the competition in 1979, 1980 and 1982.
He represented the New Zealand Kiwis in 1980 on their tour of Great Britain and France. He didn't play a test match, but he did play in 11 games for the Kiwis, scoring three tries. In 1983 he toured Britain again, this time with the New Zealand Māori side.
Legacy.
Tupaea was named as the in the Petone Panthers' Team of the Century in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36623236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623236" title="Bert Tindill">
Bert Tindill

Herbert "Bert" Tindill (born 31 December 1926 in Hemsworth, Yorkshire and died 10 July 1973 in South Hiendley, Yorkshire) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward. He made over 550 Football League appearances in the years after the Second World War.
Career.
Doncaster Rovers.
Bert Tindill played locally for South Hiendley, in Yorkshire. Tindill joined Doncaster Rovers in July 1944. Tindill made his league debut at outside right for Doncaster Rovers v Rochdale in a 2–1 win on 31 August 1946. Tindill netted a hat-trick on 7 September 1946 at New Brighton in a 5–2 win. Doncaster Rovers won promotion as champions of Third Division North in season 1946–47 when Tindill made 9 appearances and scored seven goals before Jack Kirkaldie played on the right wing for the rest of the season. Tindill had more spells at outside right in season 1947–48 when Doncaster Rovers were relegated from the Second Division in 21st position. Tindill made 20 appearances scoring three goals while sharing the right wing duties with Kirkaldie. When Doncaster Rovers finished 3rd in the Third Division in season 1948-49Tindill missed the opening games but made 36 consecutive appearances mostly at outside right scoring nine goals. Tindill was one of five ever presents in the league in season 1949–50 when Doncaster Rovers again won promotion as champions of the Third Division North. Tindill made 42 appearances mainly at outside right scoring eight goals. Inside left Peter Doherty was top scorer with 27 goals. Tindill was again ever present in the league in season 1950–51 as Doncaster Rovers finished in mid table 11th place in the Second Division. Tindill played in all five positions across the forward line scoring 13 goals from 42 appearances. Doherty with 14 goals was again top scorer. Tindill completed a consecutive run of 139 league games in November 1951 as Doncaster Rovers finished in 16th place. Tindill missed only two league games making 40 appearances and was top scorer with 11 goals in 1951–52. Doncaster Rovers continued to occupy a mid table 13th position in the Second Division in 1952–53. Tindill was the sole ever present in the side making 42 appearances mostly on the right or left wing scoring 10 goals. Tindill was the regular outside right in season 1953–54 when Doncaster Rovers finished 12th in Division Two. Tindill made 39 appearances missing only 3 matches and scored 12 goals finishing as second top scorer. Doncaster Rovers struggled in 1954–55 finishing 18th in the Second Division. Tindill began the season on the left wing until December and then played in all of the five forward positions over the remainder of the season. Overall Tindill made 39 appearances scoring 13 goals as second top scorer. Tindill played in all seven FA Cup ties as Doncaster Rovers lost 1–2 in the 5th round at Birmingham City. Tindill played in the 4th round ties against Aston Villa that began at Doncaster with a 2–2 draw and stretched to replays at Villa Park 2–2, Maine Road 1–1, Hillsborough 0–0 and was finally decided after extra time at the Hawthorns where "Donny" won 3–1. These five matches took place inside an 18-day period. Doncaster Rovers struggled again in 1955–56 in 17th position in the Second Division. Tindill was top scorer with 18 goals scored while playing mainly at inside right and inside left. Tindill also scored goals in five successive league games in March/April 1956 making 38 appearances. Tindill played in all four FA Cup ties as Doncaster Rovers again reached the 5th round losing 0–2 v Tottenham Hotspur. Tindill was joint top scorer for Doncaster Rovers in season 1956–57 with 15 goals from 31 appearances mainly at centre forward. Alick Jeffrey also netted 15 goals from only 13 matches before suffering a broken leg in an England Under 23 international played at Ashton Gate. In season 1957–58 Tindill played in a variety of forward positions making 23 appearances scoring six goals before leaving Doncaster Rovers who finished bottom of the Second Division at the end of the season and were relegated.
Bristol City.
Peter Doherty signed Tindill for £8,000 in February 1958 for Bristol City. At this point Bristol City were lying in 21st place in the Second Division. Bert Tindill made his debut for Bristol City at outside left deputising for Johnny Watkins in a 0–1 defeat v Rotherham United. This was the start of a run of 14 appearances by Tindill during which he scored 10 goals and Bristol City won seven matches and drew two rising to 17th place and avoided relegation. Tindill scored two hat-tricks in successive games during this spell in a 5–0 win v Barnsley on 12 April 1958 and in a 4–3 win at Fulham on 19 April. Tindill began the following season 1958–59 at inside right alongside John Atyeo at centre forward. Tindill was the sole ever present making 42 appearances and second top scorer with 19 goals. Tindill opened with two goals in each of the first two matches a 6–1 win v Rotherham United and a 7–4 victory at Barnsley and then repeated the feat later in the season in January 1959. Bristol City began the season in the promotion positions in the Second Division but fell away as the season progressed to finish in 10th place. In the FA Cup Tindill scored in the 2–0 win at Doncaster Rovers in the 3rd round and in the 1–1 draw when Blackpool & Stanley Matthews visited Ashton Gate in the 4th round.
Barnsley.
Tindill moved to Barnsley in an exchange deal in July 1959. Tindill moved to Barnsley at a value of £5,500 while Malcolm Graham & Johnny McCann joined Bristol City at a combined value of £20,000. Tindill moved on to Frickley Colliery in July 1962.
After retiring from playing Bert Tindill ran an hotel in South Hiendley between Barnsley & Doncaster before suffering a fatal heart attack in July 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="36623244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623244" title="School of Military Aeronautics">
School of Military Aeronautics


</doc>
<doc id="36623250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623250" title="Father Brown (2013 TV series)">
Father Brown (2013 TV series)

Father Brown is a British television period drama which began airing on BBC One on 14 January 2013. It features Mark Williams as the eponymous crime solving Roman Catholic priest. The series is based on the character of Father Brown created by G. K. Chesterton, primarily using new stories written for the series. 
Characters.
The series is set during the early 1950s, in the fictional Cotswold village of Kembleford, where Father Brown is the parish priest at St Mary's Catholic Church.
Father Brown (Mark Williams) is a slightly crumpled, shambolic and mild-mannered Roman Catholic priest and is, on the surface, easily forgotten. His apparent innocence belies a playful wit and a razor-sharp intellect. His greatest strength, both as a priest and as a detective of crime, is his love and understanding of other people. He’s not there to judge, but to save souls.
Inspector Valentine (Hugo Speer), head of the local police force, finds himself constantly torn between secret admiration for Father Brown and deep frustration with him. He would like to collaborate, but has been burnt once too often by Brown’s unorthodox moral code.
Mrs Bridgette McCarthy (Sorcha Cusack) is the parish secretary at St Mary’s. She checks the facts for Father Brown, defends him from the ire of the congregation, and makes sure he eats.
Lady Felicia Montague (Nancy Carroll) is a bored socialite with a roving eye when her husband is away.
Sid Carter (Alex Price) is an occasional petty criminal whom Father Brown tries to keep on the straight and narrow.
Susie Jasinski (Kasia Koleczek) is Father Brown's part-time housekeeper, and lives in a nearby Polish resettlement camp. (Series 1 only)
Inspector Sullivan (Tom Chambers) replaced Inspector Valentine who was promoted and went to London at the end of the first episode of the second series. Sullivan is exasperated by Father Brown's meddling and contradicting his findings, but is eventually won over. (Series 2)
Production.
The series is a BBC Birmingham production. Filming for a series of ten episodes of "Father Brown" began in the Cotswolds in summer 2012, produced by BBC Birmingham. The BBC renewed "Father Brown" for a second series in 2013. A third series of 15 episodes has been commissioned.
Starting in 2014, "Father Brown" will be shown in the United States on various public television stations.
Conception.
BBC Daytime wanted a home-grown detective show for the afternoons on BBC1 . Initially, original ideas from writers were pitched, but the BBC wanted something less of a risk that was already well known. Father Brown had not been filmed since the 1970s with Kenneth More. Executive Producer John Yorke came up with the idea after hearing a radio documentary about G. K. Chesterton presented by Ann Widdecombe.
Writers were given the choice of adapting an existing story or to come up with an original idea. Half of the first ten episodes made were loosely based on Chesterton stories. The Chesterton stories were set all over the world and at different times, but a decision was made to anchor the stories in a fixed place and time.
The Cotswolds was chosen as it had few modern buildings and was close to the production base in Birmingham. The 1950s was chosen as the detective could solve the puzzle using his mind and knowledge of human nature instead of relying on modern technology. The lead writers, Rachel Flowerday and Tahsin Guner, created the world and the characters and the others writers contributed episodes that gave distinct and individual episodes. There is no overall story arc.
Significant changes were made in some of the episodes ostensibly based on the original works,
including "The Hammer of God," "The Wrong Shape," and "The Eye of Apollo."
Filming.
Filming takes place in the Gloucestershire village of Blockley utilizing the church of Saints Peter and Paul (Church of England) as St Mary's Roman Catholic church of the series and the vicarage transformed into presbytery for Father Browns residence. Other villages used are Winchcombe, Upper Slaughter, Kemerton, Sudeley Castle, and at Winchcombe railway station on the heritage Gloucestershire Warwickshire Railway. At Sudeley Castle the tithe barn and St Mary's Chapel are used. 
Filming for the second series included the Warwickshire village of Ilmington. Berkeley Castle was used to portray Pryde Castle in the episode broadcast 8 January 2014. And Kenilworth Castle in Warwickshire provided the location for the final resting place of the famed rosary in the episode "Mysteries of the Rosary" airing 10 January 2014.
Guest stars.
Various people have guest starred in the show including Penny Downie, Roberta Taylor, James Fleet, Robert Cavanah, Steffan Rhodri, Michael Maloney, Camilla Power, Selina Cadell, Tracy-Ann Oberman, Jamie Glover, Holly Earl, Stephen Boxer, Flora Spencer-Longhurst, Christopher Villiers, Katie Leung, Marcia Warren, Caroline Blakiston and Adrian Rawlins.
Episodes.
Series 3 (2015).
It was confirmed on 22 January 2014 by the BBC Media Centre that Father Brown would return in 2015 for fifteen 45-minute episodes owing to average viewing figures at 1.9m. The cast will begin filming again later in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36623254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623254" title="Muha Vas">
Muha Vas

Muha Vas (; , in older sources also "Gorenja Turkova Draga"; ; Gottscheerish: "Wliəgndoarf") is a village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. It no longer has any permanent residents.
History.
Muha Vas was a Gottschee German village. It was attacked and laid waste in an Ottoman raid in 1491. In the land registry of 1574 it had two full farms divided into half farms and two tenant farmers. Due to their small farms and exposure to the danger of Ottoman raids, the farmers paid a low tax and performed corvée only one day per year. The settlement had 11 houses in 1770, but only seven in 1825. The peak population of the village was 60 in 1880, but by 1910 this had declined to 36. In 1936 the village had nine houses and 46 residents (10 German, 8 Slovene, and 28 ethnically mixed). At that time, the economy of the village was based on subsistence agriculture and peddling. Schooling was offered in nearby Podlesje. The German inhabitants were evicted during the Second World War, on 18 December 1941. 
After the war, six of the nine houses in the village were still in usable condition, and there was a population of 15. The population had declined to nine people in four houses by 1948. In 1961 only one house remained in the village, and by 1971 it was vacant and deteriorating.

</doc>
<doc id="36623276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36623276" title="Anemic galaxy">
Anemic galaxy

An anemic galaxy is a type of spiral galaxy characterized by a low contrast between its spiral arms and its disk.
Origin of the term.
The term was coined in 1976 by the Canadian astronomer Sidney van den Bergh to classify galaxies that are an intermediate form between the gas-rich, star-forming spiral galaxies and the gas-poor, inactive lenticular galaxies
Characteristics.
Anemic galaxies not only show spiral arms of low contrast but also a low content and density of neutral hydrogen (the raw material needed to form stars), redder colours than a normal spiral, fewer H II regions, and thus a low star formation activity.
At first it was believed their molecular hydrogen content was similar to that of a normal spiral, but subsequent studies have shown that a number of them are deficient in molecular gas.
Anemic galaxies should not be confused with galaxies with red colors due to a low star formation activity but which show a normal content of neutral gas, as is the case of the Andromeda Galaxy.
Evolution.
As most galaxies of this type are present in rich galaxy clusters, it has been proposed that this may be one of the reasons that converts normal spirals into anemic ones, and studies of spiral galaxies in the nearby Virgo cluster have shown not only how, unlike in isolated spiral galaxies, in most cases their neutral gas and star formation are truncated within their optical disks, in some cases quite severely, but also how star formation activity in them is lower than on spirals outside clusters, meaning that processes that take place in galaxy clusters as interactions with the intracluster medium like ram-pressure stripping and/or interactions with other neighboring galaxies are responsible of origin of anemic galaxies, stripping the normal spirals of their gas, increasing in some cases their star formation activity, and thus in the end quenching the latter as their gas is exhausted and not replenished.; on isolated systems, they may have become anemic galaxies by exhausting their supply of gas via star formation activity.
An anemic galaxy's most probable fate is to lose their remaining gas and star formation becoming objects similar to a lenticular galaxy, which means that it is likely that most lenticular galaxies in clusters, are former spiral galaxies.
Passive spiral galaxies.
Passive spiral galaxies (also known as "passive spirals") are a type of spiral galaxy located in rich galaxy clusters at high redshifts that present spiral structure, but little or no star formation, in some cases hidden by dust and concentrated within its innermost regions. Often, they seem too to have few or no massive (>20 solar masses) stars.
According to computer simulations, they are systems on the way to becoming a lenticular galaxy as they have lost the hydrogen that is assumed to be present in the haloes of spiral galaxies and that replenishes them with new gas to form stars.
While they share at least some properties with anemic galaxies, its relationship with them is unclear: they may be a more advanced stage on the evolution of a spiral galaxy to become a lenticular than the anemic galaxies or passive spirals and anemic galaxies may be the same type of object, their difference is that the former are much farther away than the latter.
Examples.
NGC 4921 in the Coma Cluster and Messier 90 in the Virgo Cluster are examples of this type of galaxy; however, most spiral galaxies of the latter are more or less deficient in gas.

</doc>
