<doc id="36641571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641571" title="Takrut">
Takrut

__NOTOC__
Takrut, is a type of tubular amulet that originated from Thailand. It is also known as "Tangkai" in other cultures. The takrut is similar to a talisman ( / transliterated: ). 
They are worn by Thai people as a protective amulet and have existed for thousands of years. They are by rule, a talisman that is an elongated shape, taking the shape of a scroll. The scroll can be made of any type of metal, paper, leaf, papyrus, animal skin, or a large number of other mediums, including bamboo and wood vines. They are mostly worn on a cord around the waist, but are also often seen accompanying amulet on neck chains. The Sacred Inscriptions made upon the Takrut are a form of Sacre Geometry based in Thai Buddhist and Ancient vedic and animist traditions, which has come to be a very well known Niche Topic around the world since the Hollywood movie star Angelina Jolie received a Sak Yant Tattoo, which is also a yantra like a Takrut, except tattooed in the skin. Also, since the existence of the now well known website on Sak Yant (sak-yant.com) and the more anthropological and academic website 'sakyant.org' run both by Ajarn Spencer Littlewood, has caused a great increase in the amount of interest in both the tattooed aspect of sacred geometry and the beliefs in its magical powers, as well as in the Takrut Amulet, which is one of the most favored types of Thai amulet.
Yant, which are incantations and sacred geometry designs with Pali Kata and Buddhist prayers, (Invocations and Empowerment Spells, inscribed using the Ancient Khom Pali (Khmer).
. The takrut is used for all purposes from Maha Sanaeh attraction, Metta Mahaniyom Business Success and Popularity, Mercy Charm, Riches attraction, and even of course, last but not leasty, Invincibility
Potential takeouts include gems, especially engraved gems, statues, coins, drawings, pendants, rings, plants and animals; even words in the form of a magical spell, incantation, to repel evil or bad luck.
Variations of traditional takruts.
Takruts are usually put inside a special type of case and worn with a chain around the neck at chest level.They are also worn about the waist but can also be worn as most pieces of jewelry. They are worn about the body to protect specific parts of the body or to grant power to those body parts. But whether it is worn at the chest or the waist, its purpose is still the same: to give protection to its wearer. Some smaller takruts, called salukis can be kept between the teeth to allow the carrier to be a more powerful speaker.

</doc>
<doc id="36641631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641631" title="Ethiopian Olympic Committee">
Ethiopian Olympic Committee

Ethiopian Olympic Committee, (IOC code: ETH) is the National Olympic Committee representing Ethiopia. It was created in 1948 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="36641720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641720" title="Canarium schweinfurthii">
Canarium schweinfurthii

Canarium schweinfurthii, commonly known as African elemi or canarium is a species of large tree native to tropical Africa. Aboriginal names in many African languages are variations of "mupafu".
Description.
Because of similarities in their fruit and leaves, African elemi may be confused with Dacryodes edulis.
Distribution and habitat.
African elemi is found from the coast of Angola to Uganda.
Uses.
The African elemi tree is one of several sources of the economically useful oleoresin known elemi. In West Africa this resin is traditionally burned for fumigating dwellings and mixed with oil for body paint.
African elemi bears edible fruit with a thick, dense, hard shell.

</doc>
<doc id="36641722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641722" title="Garbett's Wood">
Garbett's Wood

Garbett's Wood is a woodland in West Sussex, England, near Rogate. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust. 

</doc>
<doc id="36641726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641726" title="Alapayevsk narrow-gauge railway">
Alapayevsk narrow-gauge railway

The Alapayevsk narrow-gauge railway (АУЖД) is a Russian narrow gauge railway with a track gauge of . The Head Office of the narrow gauge railway is located in the Sverdlovsk Oblast, Alapayevsk.
History.
The first section of the railway (Alapayevsk – Mugay) commenced operations in July 1898. Construction was undertaken by French businessman A.Illero. The railway had a maximum length of about kilometers in the seventies, though estimates vary.
Current status.
At present only of the railway is operational. Current operations include passenger traffic and general goods movement. The narrow gauge railway operates a scheduled Passenger Service from Alapaevsk. The narrow gauge railway is the primary means of communication for seven rural settlements in the Alapaevsk District: Elnichnaya; Garaninka; Strokinka; Berezovka; Muratkovo; Sankin and Kalach. Principal cargoes include: wood; food; postal services and fuel.

</doc>
<doc id="36641744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641744" title="Ojos Negros">
Ojos Negros

Ojos Negros may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36641762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641762" title="Bārûtu">
Bārûtu

The Bārûtu, the “art of the diviner,” is a monumental ancient Mesopotamian compendium of the science of extispicy or sacrificial omens stretching over around a hundred cuneiform tablets which was assembled in the Neo-Assyrian/Babylonian period based upon earlier recensions. At the Assyrian court, the term extended to encompass sacrificial prayers and rituals, commentaries and organ models. The "ikribu" was the name of collections of incantations to accompany the extispicy. The "bārûtu's" extant predecessors date back to Old Babylonian times with the liver models from Mari (pictured right) and where the order of the exta were largely fixed.
The task of the "bārû", or diviner, was summarized as "lipit qāti hiniq immeri naqē niqē nēpešti bārûti", “the ‘touch of hand’, the restriction? of the sheep, the offering of the sacrifice, the performance of extispicy.” This required elaborate ritual purity, achieved through washing hands and mouth, donning fresh clothing, placing tamarisk and cedar into the diviner's ears, anointing and fumigation with sulfur – all measures to avoid the outcome of the apodosis "lā ellu niqâ ilput", “an unclean person has touched the sacrifice.” The autopsy then proceeded in a counter-clockwise direction, beginning with the liver, the lungs, then the breastbone, vertebrae, ribs, colon and finally the heart.
The text.
The work is particularly difficult to interpret due to the extensive use of graphemes, but included an estimated 8,000 omens. These were the accumulation of a millennium and a half of observations of political, social and private events and the divinatory signs that accompanied them but bereft of their chronological context or other identifying marker and stylistically posed in the form of a prediction. Occasionally, an attribution is made to a king, but it is generally archaic:
Some of the signs are identified as "pitruštu", “ambiguous,” or by another "wild card" "nipḫu", "unreliable," while others echo modern concerns, "šatammu ekalla imallalu", “the accountants will plunder the palace!” Some predict the weather: "enūma lullik šamū ikallâni", “whenever I want to go out rain will stop me.” Some give quite specific predictions, "edû rākib imēru irruba", “a famous person will arrive riding on a donkey,” while others are vague, "ina ūmi rūqi rigmu", “long-term forecast: lament.” Some predict "li'ibu"-, "masla'tu"- or "qūqānu"-disease or other disorders: “If the pleasing word is split above and below: the man’s teeth will come loose.” The majority of the omens, however, concern royal and military affairs.
The parts of the "bārûtu".
The "barūtû" is divided into ten “chapters” (summarized in the table below), each dealing with a different aspect of entrail divination, but predominantly concerned with the examination of the "ṭuppu ša ilī", the "tablet of the gods," or the liver ("amūtu"). The Babylonian and Assyrian versions vary slightly in arrangement due to the Babylonian predilection for sixty line tablets.
Commentaries exist for each part called NÍG.PÀD.DA ("mukallimtu") typically bringing together omens with similar protases from each chapter. The "niṣirti bārûti", “secret of extispicy”, texts, predating the "multābiltu" chapter of the "bārûtu" and subsequently superseded by it, endeavored to elucidate the esoteric character of the omens. Excerpts or corpendia were written to make the manual more user-friendly, such as that known as KAR 423 after its primary publication reference, and it was these truncated versions of the omens that seem to have been consulted during the actual divination process. The dub ḫa.la tablets concern the “calculation of the stipulated term”, or the time and duration of the omen. The "šumma immeru" records observations derived from scholarly debates relating to the behavior of sacrificial lambs before and during the ritual and there were also “orientation tables” in the form of extispicy models (example pictured right) and interpretive grids to assist with the training of bārû.
The copyists.
The compendium seems to have been under progressive editorship as witnessed in correspondence of the senior diviners Marduk-šumu-uṣur and Naṣiru, and Tabni, who collectively advised king Esarhaddon that 
In 647 BC, at least 135 writing boards of "bārûtu" were expropriated from private collections, many from Bīt Ibâ, the subject of a Babylonian revolt. Captive scribal labor was employed at the Assyrian capital to contribute to the local material assimilated from older libraries such as those of Nabû-zuqup-kēnu, who was recorded as the copyist of a "manzāzu" commentary dated to 704 BC, from Nineveh. Nabû-ušallim, son of Nabû-pašer, was a bārû whose name appears on the colophon of one "mukallimtu", and an individual by this name is known from amongst the authors of divinatory queries, or "tamītu", during the Neo-Assyrian period.
By the late Hellenic period, the text of the series had become more ossified as astrology superseded extispicy as the preferred method of divination. Exemplars include "pān tākalti" tablet 6, copied by Anu-aha-u šabši in 180 BC, Uruk, and "pān tākalti" tablet 15 copied by Itti-Marduk-balāṭu, son of Ša-našī-šu, from late Babylonian Sippar.

</doc>
<doc id="36641763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641763" title="Sieuwert van der Meulen">
Sieuwert van der Meulen

Sieuwert van der Meulen (1663–1730) was an 18th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands.
Biography.
He was born in Alkmaar, the son of Catharina Oostfries and Claes van der Meulen and became a member of the Alkmaar Guild of St. Luke in 1700. He designed and etched prints, for example a series of 16 etchings titled "Navigiorum Aedificatio", on the history of a ship. This was published by Peter Schenk the Elder in Amsterdam and shows a pictorial documentary of how ships were built, launched, repaired, provisioned, and used in the early 18th century.
According to the RKD he is known for marinescapes and birds. He also worked in Haarlem, but died in his home town of Alkmaar.

</doc>
<doc id="36641779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641779" title="Tom Murrin">
Tom Murrin

Tom Murrin (February 8, 1939 – March 12, 2012), also known as "Jack Bump", "Tom Trash", and "The Alien Comic", was an American performance artist and playwright in the downtown avant-garde art scene in New York City. In the 1980s and 1990s, Murrin curated a variety night called "The Full Moon Show" at Performance Space 122 and later at La Mama and Dixon Place. In 2013, Dixon Place introduced a performance award, "The Tommy," to honor Murrin's life and work.

</doc>
<doc id="36641790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641790" title="Gold Seal Winery">
Gold Seal Winery

Gold Seal Winery is a historic winery complex located near Hammondsport in Steuben County, New York. The primary building on the complex is in the Italianate style and constructed in 1865. It is a three-story, 54 feet by 110 feet, stone structure built into a hillside. It features a bell tower, gable roof with dormers, stuccoed upper stories, and barrel vaults. The original building was enlarged on at least six occasions. A long, narrow stone addition (20 feet by 120 feet) was built in 1890 and expanded in 1903-1903 with a mansard roof in the Second Empire style. Another major addition was built in 1884 and expanded in 1887. It included a champagne fluting room, an additional storage vault, and tasting porch. A 54 feet by 109 feet addition of reinforced concrete was built in 1912. Other contributing buildings are the Pornace House (1909) and brandy distillery (1865).
History.
The Urbana Wine Company is four miles north of the village of Hammondsport, in the town of Urbana. 
The winery was established in 1865, and known as the Urbana Wine Company until 1881 when it was reorganized under the name of "New Urbana Wine Company". The company was renamed the "Urbana Wine Company" in 1896, and the company reorganized after the Volstead Act was ratified as the Amendment outlawing drinking alcohol. The company then was renamed the Gold Seal Products Company until the repeal of Prohibition, when the company changed its name back to "Urbana Wine Company, Inc." During Prohibition the company produced sacramental wine. The company applied for the Gold Seal trademark in 1887. After Prohibition, Edwin Stewart Underhill, Jr., President of the company went to Rheims, France and brought Charles Fournier, from Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin, where he served as Production Manager. He became the winemaker and production manager of Urbana Wine Company, and although intending to stay just a few years, remained employed there the rest of his life. He introduced several important French-American Hybrid grape varieties into the production of wine. He was made president of the company in 1951. The company was known for introducing the European "Vitis vinifera" grape to the United States and for its production of Finger Lakes champagne. Fournier brought Dr. Frank to help advance the effort to grow traditional European grapes in the Finger Lakes, and they brought native American rootstock from Quebec to plant and graft with the European grapes in the Finger Lakes. These innovations proved visionary. They allowed grapes to grow in a cool climate, and to be resistant to the common phylloxtera louse, which decimated vineyards worldwide. In the 1950s, Dr. Konstantin Frank was a consultant to the winery and established a "vitis vinifera" grape nursery. He remained with the company until establishing his own winery in 1962. The Urbana Wine Company was renamed the "Gold Seal Vineyards, Inc." in 1957 and it later was sold to Joseph E. Seagram & Sons in 1979, then to Coca-Cola, Inc., and then to Vitners International owner of the Canandaigua Wine Company which was later renamed "Constellation Brands". The winery closed in May 1984 however some brands are still made with the Gold Seal name which is trademarked by Pleasant Valley Wine Company. The buildings and some acreage were sold to Linda & John Giglio in the first decade of the 21st century, and their effort to "restore" the properties began. Many wooden casks were sold and all the large stainless steel tanks used in wine production were removed. The new owners are about to begin a bright new chapter in the restoration of the building, removing several cinder-block additions of more recent years. Hopefully the beauty of the original structure will again be seen, and the winery, which once was the Most Picturesque Winery will again be celebrated in a new incarnation.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in late November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36641800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641800" title="Oasis (Oasis album)">
Oasis (Oasis album)

Oasis is a studio album by 1980s group Oasis (not the 1990s rock band of the same name). 
The album was recorded at Solid Bond Studios and Trident II Studios in London.
It was mixed at Trident II Studios.
Personnel.
Peter Skellern - vocals, keyboards, synths
Mary Hopkin - vocals
Julian Lloyd Webber - cello
Bill Lovelady - guitar
Mitch Dalton - guitar
Andy Pask - bass
Charlie Morgan - drums
Tristan Fry - marimbas
Frank Ricotti - percussion

</doc>
<doc id="36641807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641807" title="Desmond Hoebig">
Desmond Hoebig

Desmond Hoebig is a Canadian cellist with a career as a soloist, orchestral and chamber musician. Hoebig has held the chair of Principal Cellist in the Cleveland Orchestra, Houston Symphony Orchestra, and Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra. Hoebig is currently Professor of Cello at The Shepherd School of Music at Rice University, in Houston, Texas, USA. From 1989 to 1991 he was an associate professor at the University of Toronto in Canada.
Hoebig was born in 1961 and raised in Vancouver, BC, Canada. He studied with James Hunter, Jack Mendelsohn and Ian Hampton. In 1979, Hoebig, his sister, violinist Gwen Hoebig, and pianist David Moroz, formed the Hoebig-Moroz Trio. The trio won first prize in the 1983 CBC Radio Talent Competition. The trio has toured in Canada, the USA, and England.
Hoebig studied with David Soyer at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia. He received his BM and MM at the Juilliard School with Leonard Rose and Channing Robbins, and participated in master classes with Janos Starker and Tsuyoshi Tsutsumi at the Banff Centre.
Mr. Hoebig won the First Prize at the Munich International Competition (1984), the Grand Prize of the CBC Talent Competition (1981) and the Canadian Music Competition (1980). He was also an award winner at the Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow (1982).
As a chamber musician, Hoebig was the cellist with the Orford String Quartet of Canada when they won a Juno award for the best classical music album in 1990. He has also performed for 30 years with the Hoebig-Moroz Trio and a duo with Andrew Tunis. Hoebig has taught and performed at festivals throughout North America, including; Banff, La Hoya, Marlboro, Music Bridge, Orcas Island, Sarasota and Steamboat Springs.
Discography.
Hoebig has recorded as a soloist with orchestras and in ensembles. He is featured on at least eight CDs, including Quartet For The End Of Time by Olivier Messiaen, as a member of the Houston Symphony Chamber Players.
Free Canadian Broadcasting Corporation recordings of several works are available at http://music.cbc.ca/#/artists/Desmond-Hoebig

</doc>
<doc id="36641837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641837" title="HMS Swan (1767)">
HMS Swan (1767)

HMS "Swan" was the lead ship in the 14-gun "Swan" class of ship sloops, to which design 25 vessels were built in the 1760s and 1770s; she was launched on 21 November 1767. She bore the name HMS "Explosion" between 1779 and 1783 whilst being used as a fireship. She served during both the American Revolutionary War and the French Revolutionary War before being laid up in 1801; she was sold for disposal in 1814.

</doc>
<doc id="36641843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641843" title="Roger de Weseham (Oxford)">
Roger de Weseham (Oxford)

Roger de Weseham (also Wesenham) was an English medieval churchman and university chancellor.
Roger de Weseham was Doctor or Professor of Divinity. During 1294–7, he was Chancellor of the University of Oxford. He was also Archdeacon of Rochester.

</doc>
<doc id="36641848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641848" title="Give a Reason">
Give a Reason

"Give a Reason" is a song by Japanese voice actress and recording artist Megumi Hayashibara. It was used as opening theme for the anime series "Slayers Next", and on April 24, 1996 it was released as a single along with Masami Okui's song , which was used as ending theme for the same series. The single charted at number 9 on the Oricon charts, becoming Hayashibara's highest peak at the time and her first top 10 single in the Japanese charts. 
In 2009 the song was again used as an insert song in "Slayers Evolution-R", nine years after its original release. "Give a Reason" is considered her trademark song. It is also her best-selling single (with 232,850 copies sales) according to Oricon. It was also certified gold by the RIAJ.
Cover versions.
The song has been covered by several other Japanese voice actors and J-Pop singers.

</doc>
<doc id="36641854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641854" title="Lapinje">
Lapinje

Lapinje (; or "Laubbüchel") is a former village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Podlesje.
History.
Lapinje was a Gottschee German village. In feudal times it was part of the Dominion of Poljane. In 1576 it consisted of one full farm and one half-farm. In 1931 there were five houses in the village. The Cankar Brigade of the Partisan forces was founded in Lapinje in 1942; a plaque has been installed at the site to commemorate the event. Together with Verdreng, Zgornji Pokštajn, and Spodnji Pokštajn, it was merged into the settlement of Podlesje in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="36641865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641865" title="1980 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1980 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1980 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 11 teams. The national champions were Estudiantes de Mérida.

</doc>
<doc id="36641886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641886" title="The Narrative">
The Narrative

The Narrative is an indie rock band from Long Island, New York City, that was started in the summer of 2008. Since 2011, the band has consisted of Suzie Zeldin (vocals, keyboards, songwrite) and Jesse Gabriel (vocals, guitar, songwrite). Previously, the group has featured the drummer Charlie Seich. The Narrative's music has been associated mostly with Indie pop, pop rock and a bit of folk.
The band's debut EP "Just Say Yes" was released in 2008, and the debut album "The Narrative "in 2010. Also the group release two tour-EP "Nothing Without You" (2010), "Kickstarter" (2011), and a b-side album, "B-Sides and Seasides" in 2012.
History.
2006–08: Formation.
The band first got together after Suzie Zeldin answered a Craigslist ad put up by Jesse Gabriel in 2006 searching for musicians.
They soon found out that they were studying in the same school on Bellmore, Long Island, but never met. So after the answer of Suzie, they discovered they shared the same passion for music. The two collaborated on music, first forming the short-lived project "January Window" spending the next couple of years (2006–2007) in Suzie's cramped Upper West Side apartment crafting songs for their first EP. In an interview to U-T San Diego, Suzie Zeldin said the following about the change of band name to "The Narrative":
In 2007, Suzie has participated in many band projects, singing in Russian on "I'm Breathing... Are You Breathing Too?" by Envy on the Coast, Fairmont's, "Transcendence", and The Minus Scale. She also sang guest vocals on the Dashboard Confessional side of the New Found Glory split EP, as well as on at least one track on the newest edition of the yet-to-be-released Dashboard Confessionals, Wire Tapes VOL 2.
She has also previously released solo material, such as "Excuses EP" featuring four songs.
Jesse would not sing in the band initially, but Suzie asked him and he decided to sing "Slide" by the Goo Goo Dolls. Following this "audition", Suzie was pleaed by his voice and Jesse was thus included in the lead vocals and the back vocals.
Drummer Charles Seich was added to the band after being introduced to Jesse and Suzie for the purposes of recording their album.
2008: "Just Say Yes".
The Narrative recorded a 6 song EP with producer Bryan Russell titled "Just Say Yes""." The album was self-released in August 30, 2008 digitally on iTunes, Amazon.com, Rhapsody, and other distributors, as well as physically through mail order. On May 1, 2009, the band announced via Facebook that it would have a short tour with Destry in June staying within Northeastern America.
Since then, the band has made two feature promotions, having the EP on the front page on Myspace Canada, has had placements on MTV Shows from 2010 to 2012, MTV "Real World: Brooklyn" and "Real World: Cancun", Jersey Shore, MTV2, MTV's Canada Peak Season, VH-1, Nickelodeon's serie's Gigantic, TeenNick, National Geographic and Starz, a very positive unsigned showcase on Absolutepunk.net, Friends or Enemies Unsigned VIP Band and named in the AbsolutePunk Top 100.
2010–11: Debut album: ""The Narrative"".
The Narrative began to record their debut album, "The Narrative" in 2009. The band record the self-titled with the same producer of their debut EP, Bryan Russell on his studio Red Wire Audio in New York, releasing the album on July 27, 2010. Zeldin and Gabriel was helped by Charles Seich (that have recorded the drums on Just Say Yes but was joined as a band member after the release) and Ari Sadowitz on bass.
On July 23, they appear on the program of WOOD-TV 'West Vibe Eight West' opening a big space for the band in the musical scene. This was the first appearance of the band on TV.
On July 29, the band premiered the album live on a show at Gramercy Theater with Relient K and The Gay Blades.
The album was featured in the front page of MySpace U.S and PureVolume.com declaring them one of the "Top Unsigned Bands of 2010", The American Creative Top 20 Albums as well featured in the national campaign launch for Propellerhead with the software Record. Aside from the release of the record, the band has been touring nationally with Eisley, Relient K, Mae, including CMJ and SXSW showcases during the year.
Still in 2010, The Narrative was the band featured in the Magazine Alternative Press article's in the issue No. 267 of September, "Unsigned Bands, AP Wants You!", or AP&R (an article who presents unsigned bands with a short biography and stream on the 'features' website magazine's page a song of the band).
On May 12, 2011 they appeared live on Fox 5 San Diego telling the history of band and performing a song from the album" The Narrative".
After parting ways with their drummer Charlie in early 2011, The Narrative brought out touring drummer and Long Island native Jay Scalchunes to help them complete a five-week stint of the Vans Warped Tour, playing on Kevin Says Stage from July 19 to August 14, 2011. On October 2011, The Narrative made another showcase at the CMJ Marathon on Sullivan Hall.
The song "Fade" from "The Narrative" was featured in the soundtrack of the movie produced by Bob Fugger, ""The Chateau Meroux"" in January 2012.
2012–13: "B-Sides and Seasides".
In April 2, 2012 Zeldin & Gabriel released their b-side compilation album "B-Sides and Seasides", containing acoustic versions of the album "The Narrative "and "Just Say Yes," featuring a new song "Hallelujah", "Make It Right". This songs are produced for the tour EP ""Kickstarter"" supporting the band 2011 Spring Tour, where the sale earned about $8,500. Some acoustics songs are released too in the Tour EP ""Nothing Without You"". Besides, the EP have covers of Radiohead, "Karma Police" and Brand New, "Tautou".
On March 26, 2012 was announced on band's Twitter account, that they have returned to the studio to begin working on the second full-length album, with Bryan Russell and Justin Long at a converted barn in Upstate New York. The band was helped by Jay Scalchunes to be the session drummer and Ari Sadowitz the bassist for the recording of the album According with Jesse, it will attract the attention of a larger audience. The band is still looking for a label, and according to Jesse, signing with one who would be talented enough because it would help to solidify the band.
On July 18, Jesse post a note about the new album, they plan to released before 2012: ""We are hoping to have the recording process completely done some time in the Fall. After that, we will be exploring our options for labels, public relations, management, and those sorts of things. We expect for the album to be released some time in the beginning of next year, but refuse to make any promises based on the 2012".""."
On November 25, The Narrative was nominated for the contest "Z100 Hometown Hero" by Z100, with twenty-seven other artists. The band stayed in the second step the contest with five, and won the 2º place.
In 2013, Suzie Zeldin joined the folk/americana project Twin Forks created by Chris Carrabba when he was recording a solo album "Covered in the Flood". The group consist in Chris Carrabba (Vocal/Guitar), Suzie Zeldin (Mandolin/Vocal), Jonathan Clark (bass) and Ben Homola (drums). The band debut happened on the SXSW 2013.
2014–present: "Chasing a Feeling".
On February 15, The Narrative announced the ending of production process of their second full-length album started in 2012 and a single to be released from the album. The band released their single "Chasing a Feeling" online on June 3, 2014.
Style and influences.
The Narrative are most often described as Indie Pop, Pop Rock, featuring combined male-female vocals. The band is infulenced on the songs by Death Cab For Cutie, Brand New, The Academy Is..., Counting Crows, Destry as the indie/folk of Bon Iver. Suzie have influences of ska, punk and emo and Jesse, the sound of hip-hop and 1960s rock.
Social support.
In the end of 2010, The Narrative was featured in the Christmas compilation "Yuletides & Stage Dives" released by the Catalyst Publicity Group and Keep A Breast, with other 40 artists to fight against the breast cancer. They also supported the act of Keep A Breast on Vans Warped Tour (celebrating 10 years of the association), performing acoustics songs in the event.
On 7 May 2013, Rock for Justice, a non-profit organization, released the project "Songs for Justice", a charity compilation that invokes the power of art and creativity to further positive social change, put out by Rock for Justice, a movement that sponsors collaboration between artists and social justice causes. The compilation have 12 cover-songs compose by indie, alternative bands. ""They recruited a slew of insanely talented artists to cover other (insanely talented) artists"". The Narrative record a cover for the song of Neil Young, "Heart of Gold".
The project began in 2012, supporting Invisible Children, Inc.which has also been chosen as one of the beneficiaries of the proceeds such as the Give a Damn? documentary project, and The Hunger Project.
On 25 February 2014, Fadeaway Records and Enjoy The Ride Records released an 35-song 3xLP compilation called ""Friends"". After ten years on hiatus, the label came back with the compilation of friends Michael Dubin who runs the label alongside Neil Rubenstein. ""I lost my father to Pancreatic cancer in 2002 and I wanted to put together an amazing compilation and donate all of the proceeds to cancer research charity in his memory. All of the friends and artists involved in this record are providing us with the names of lost friends and family, the entire list will be included in the liner notes and we are dedicating this record to all of those people",". The Narrative release in the compilation, the physical version of ""Hallelujah"", from digital EP B-Sides and Seasides.
Band members.
Born in 27 October 1984, Jesse Gabriel grew up as a child who did not want to learn music as his parents wanted him to. Jesse says: ""My parents liked to push instruments on me, but I wasn’t really having it, I didn’t have the motivation back then to do much of anything other than play video games, but I liked to write songs".". After briefly attempting to pick up the piano, violin and tenor sax, Jesse finally learned guitar and fell in love with it. He married in 5 January 2013 to baker Cecilia Cámara.
Born in 26 February 1986, Suzie Zeldin started to sing in her childhood, ""My grandma would teach me to sing Russian folk songs and then record them on a tape player, but didn’t really start focusing on it in any serious way until I got to college.""" "She have graduated on New York University as Bachelor's degree, English literature and American literature. She married in 27 April 2014 to the music producer Bryan Russell.
Critical reception.
Evan C. Jones from Alternative Press wrote, "[...]"The Narrative" is a bit lengthy (eight tracks are more than four minutes long), and the craftsmanship the trio took into creating the album is evident. Hopefully this will be the last time the Narrative will have to self-release their music; labels, take notice."
Tris McCall of the "Newark Star-Ledger" wrote, "The Narrative joins a wave of young, independent bands that recently have reaffirmed their commitment to the album concept, lavishing attention on sequencing, packaging, cover art, typesetting and, in some cases, old-fashioned storytelling." and ""The Narrative" is the rare modern rock album that feels like a dialogue between equals – young songwriters struggling with romantic longing and interpersonal dissolution."
Sean Reid of "Alter The Press!" wrote, in a review of their self-titled album: "...with their self-titled full-length, it iss likely you could hear more from them, as it is a record that is filled with depth, variation and there are moments where the band sound extraordinary good." and "With Straylight Run no more and Lydia soon to follow, I think fans will find an honest replacement in The Narrative, as this full-length is (at times) refreshing, captivating and filled with plenty of talent. "The Narrative" covers a lot of ground and the trio's hard work, creativeness and overall talent deserves all the credit it deserves."
In another article of "Alter The Press!", Edward Strickson wrote, "When a record plays on personal weaknesses by playing dueling backing vocals like that it’s hard not to sing its praises, but they are praises that are truly deserved, wielding might that lesser elements would have found it hard to conceive."
Glenn Gamboa wrote in Newsday: "The band's Warped Tour shows will likely be their final tour for the year, as they get ready to work on the follow-up to their gorgeous debut "The Narrative" from last year."
In another "Newsday" article, Gamboa wrote: "In the year since their CMJ debut, The Narrative has released its eponymous debut, gone on national tours and heard its music used on several MTV shows. And now, The Narrative is ready to play the festival again, hoping the indie-popsters will continue their momentum."
In March 14, 2014, The Narrative was featured in Newsday's "Notable bands from Long Island"
Becky Bain writes in a "Popping Up" column on Idolator: "Their six-song album caught the attention of tons of music fans and MTV—so we can already imagine the good things to come when the band releases their debut 13-song LP this summer."
"Seanholio" wrote, in a review on the "Cool Try" site: "I will start this review out by saying that I usually wouldn’t review a rarities/b sides album BUT "The Narrative" are a special case. What other band would take the time out of their busy schedule to video chat with not just 1 but over 40 of their fans who helped fund their tour. During this video chat Vocalist/Keys player Suzie Zeldin mentioned that whilst they are working hard on their follow up to their debut self titled album they didn’t realize how this album is more than just a b sides album. It has some brand new songs, it has alternate versions and it has covers. It is safe to say that this is a decent and proper release for 2012. And when a band is as dedicated to their fans as their fans are to them I felt it only fair to promote them as much as I could." 
Absolutepunk.net wrote, about the Unsigned Showcase: For our latest Unsigned Showcase, we are bringing you a stream of The Narrative's excellent EP, Just Say Yes, along with an exclusive new demo named "Fade." If you like Lydia, Death Cab for Cutie, or old Straylight Run, head to the band's AP.net profile to check out all the goodness.
They too wrote in the "AbsolutePunk.net Top 100" : "The Narrative are the kind of raw, young talent that makes lesser bands envious. The charming duel vocals of Jesse Gabriel and Suzie Zeldin on Just Say Yes are some of the best you'll ever find on an introductory EP, and the music is alluring in its own right."
Another Absolutepunk.net article wrote: "The Narrative are easily one of the best unsigned bands out there and should find fans wherever they find listeners."
Review Rinse Repeat said "The Narrative have undoubtedly grown as a band since releasing Just Say Yes. Their self-titled album is an incredibly strong debut, laced with an abundance of wonderful songs, and a few slight, forgivable, missteps. From here, the world is in The Narrative's palm, they can only go on to bigger and better things."
The Patriot News, PENNLIVE wrote: "As heard on MTV’s “Real World Brooklyn” and “Real World Cancun,” The Narrative is known for its intoxicating vocals and diverse lyrical arrangements. This New York-based group is making its mark on the music industry with its story-telling theme." 
On Flavorpill, Andrew Phillips wrote: "Sure, they sound like wayward members of the Ben Gibbard brigade, but NYC indie-poppers the Narrative add an inspired pair of female pipes to the jangly emoisms of Photo Album-era Death Cab for Cutie. While their homage is strikingly similar — enough so that some may consider them a carbon copy — the Narrative's embrace of the former Barsuk band is so well wrought that, at times, they really do rival the original. The band hits town tonight alongside dancey, guitar-driven acts MakeupBreakup and Robes" 
Lushbeat wrote: "This young band knows how to structure not only a song, but an entire album, which is one of the most important aspects of the listening experience"

</doc>
<doc id="36641900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641900" title="Weseham">
Weseham

Weseham is a surname and may be:

</doc>
<doc id="36641903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641903" title="The Seven Realms">
The Seven Realms

The Seven Realms Series is a fictional series by Cinda Williams Chima. The story follows the lives of Han Alister, a former thief, and Raisa Ana’Marianna, Princess Heir to the Fells. Even though both come from different backgrounds, they wind up intermingled in a race to keep the balance of the kingdom. All along, trying to find a place to call their own.
Synopsis.
When 16-year-old Han Alister and his Clan friend Dancer encounter three underage wizards setting fire to the sacred mountain of Hanalea, he has no idea that this event will precipitate a cascade of disasters that will threaten everything he cares about. Han takes an amulet from one of the wizards, Micah Bayar, to prevent him from using it against them. Later he learns that it has an evil history—it once belonged to the Demon King, the wizard who nearly destroyed the world a millennium ago. The Bayars will stop at nothing to get it back. Han’s life is complicated enough. He’s the former streetlord of the Raggers—a street gang in the city of Fellsmarch. His street name, Cuffs, comes from the mysterious silver bracelets he’s worn all his life—cuffs that are impossible to take off. Now Han’s working odd jobs, helping to support his family, and doing his best to leave his old life behind. Events conspire against him, however. When members of a rival gang start dying, Han naturally gets the blame. Meanwhile, Princess Raisa ana’Marianna has her own battles to fight. As heir to the Gray Wolf throne of the Fells, she’s just spent three years of relative freedom with her father’s family at Demonai Camp—riding, hunting, and working the famous Clan markets. Now court life in Fellsmarch pinches like a pair of tight shoes. Wars are raging to the south, and threaten to spread into the high country. After a long period of quiet, the power of the Wizard Council is once again growing. The people of the Fells are starving and close to rebellion. Now more than ever, there’s a need for a strong queen. But Raisa’s mother Queen Marianna is weak and distracted by the handsome Gavan Bayar, High Wizard of the Fells. Raisa feels like a cage is closing around her—and an arranged marriage and eroded inheritance is the least of it. Raisa wants to be more than an ornament in a glittering cage. She aspires to be like Hanalea—the legendary warrior queen who killed the Demon King and saved the world. With the help of her friend, the cadet Amon Byrne, she navigates the treacherous Gray Wolf Court, hoping she can unravel the conspiracy coalescing around her before it’s too late.
Main characters.
Hanson Alister.
Hanson Alister, Han for short, is the first protagonist that the reader meets. He comes off as the tragic hero or the dangerous charmer throughout the series, and goes by various names. In his early life as a streetlord (a ganglord in the city of Fellsmarch), he went by Cuffs Alister (referring to a permanent pair of silver handcuffs he has worn since birth, which became his gang trademark); to the clans he spent his summers with, he went by the name of Hunts Alone. Growing up, Hanson led a gang known as the Raggers, which he left for his younger sister's safety. Hanson tells his young mother that he wants to start a life with an honest living. This would normally take him to the clans in the Spirit Mountains, where he learned hunting, botany, and other fresh-air trades, as well as acting as delivery boy for the mysterious Lucius Frowsley. Now Han is seventeen and comes across Micah Bayar and his cousins, while hunting with his clan foster brother Fire Dancer. The other boys are wizards, who have started a magical forest fire (supposedly so that Princess Raisa and her mother can hunt upland deer). After a standoff, Han takes Micah's amulet (a necessary magical piece for spells); this sparks a series of events including Hanson being accused of murders he did not commit, kidnapping a disguised Princess Raisa, and accidentally causing the death of his sister and mother after a standoff with Lord Bayar (Micah Bayar's father). Taking refuge again with the Spirit clans, Han learns that he is actually the descendant of the famously villainous Demon King and a wizard himself (his silver cuffs have drained his natural magic since birth). Han agrees to travel with Fire Dancer to Oden's Ford, a wizard university, where he will learn wizardry and champion the clans against wizards led by the Bayars. (Han's amulet is actually a relic of the Breaking that once belonged to the Demon King and from it allows Hans to use magic that modern wizards are not able to perform.
Han's appearance, a handsome young man with a scar near his right eye, along with his personality, resulted in several flirtations with females throughout the series. He once wore silver cuffs around his wrists which were removed when he left to learn magic. Since the beginning of his education his appearance changes to that of a blueblood person with change of clothes and style and personality in order to fit in with the other bluebloods(upperclass). It has been said that Hans has a face for different situations. He has a face of the former thief who isn't afraid of violence then he can swiftly change to a charming young man that wins the hearts of women.
Raisa'ana'Marianna.
Raisa and Marianna, also known as Rebecca Morley, Briar Rose, or Brianna Trailwalker, is the princess heir of the Fells (later crowned queen.) She is known to be stubborn and ill tempered but has a kind heart. She is shown to believe in justice such as when she starts a prison escape just to save tortured Raggers. Raisa is 16 years old and is short with long, thick black hair. Her skin is said to be honey coloured and her eyes emerald. She is said to be very beautiful, with a waist a man can put his two hands around. At the beginning of the series she is shown to be very naive such as when she told Han he would be given a fair trial if he gave himself in, but over the series she becomes more realistic. Her best friend is Amon Byrne, the captain of her guard. They once shared a fling but that quickly ended when Raisa learned of the Bonding (The Exiled Queen). They remained best friends throughout the series.
Oden's Ford: She left her queendom when her mother tried to force her into an illegal marriage, to Micah Bayar, under the influence of the High Wizard. The marrying of a queen to a wizard consort has been banned since the Næming- the ceremony which was done by the Queen Hanalea in order to save the world from the Demon King in the Breaking. Raisa then traveled to Oden's Ford, the best academy in all of the Seven Realms. She is accompanied by Amon and his triple, with whom she forms close bonds with. There she crosses path with Han Alister who only knows her as Rebecca Morley. They quickly become entangled with each other. It is shown throughout the 3rd book that they both have deep feelings for one another. 
Her relationship with her mother isn't the best because her mother, Queen Marianna, favoured her younger sister, Princess Mellony, more than her. Raisa and the queen are complete opposites, even in their appearance. Even though the relationship between her mother and Raisa is not optimal, she is very sad when her mother dies, leaving her as queen. At the end of the series she gets married to Han Alister. Raisa takes after her father, Lord Averill Demonai. Her crest is Briar Roses.
Amon Byrne.
First appearing in The Demon King, the character of Amon Byrne is introduced after he comes back from Wien House in Oden's Fort. Princess Raisa and Amon grew up as childhood best friends despite their difference in station but were forced together due to the lack of children in court. They are still very close. There is a steadfast romantic attraction that follows the two of them throughout several of the books, but the difference in their stations this time keeps them apart. Throughout the series, Amon is completely concerned with Princess Raisa's safety and makes that clear to her numerous times, mostly to her dismay. Amon is also very blunt and straight to the point. Eventually he becomes the Captain of the Queen's Guard. He is the son of Edon Byrne who was the Captain of the Queen's Guard before him. He is also the commander of the Grey Wolves and attends Wien House in Oden's Fort with Princess Raisa for a time and is a cadet there.

</doc>
<doc id="36641909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641909" title="Cottages at Central Point">
Cottages at Central Point

Cottages at Central Point are a set of four historic cottages located on the east shore of Keuka Lake in Wayne in Steuben County, New York. They were built in the late 1880s, and are two-story, wood frame cottages with steep gable roofs and wide porches. The cottages feature eclectic Victorian stylistic elements including board-and-batten siding, decorative stick work and brackets, wrap around porches, and decorative balusters. The cottages are known as "Sans Souci," "Marjean Lodge," "Central Point," and "Ultimatum."
They were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36641929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641929" title="Estadio La Fuensanta">
Estadio La Fuensanta

The Estadio La Fuensanta is a multi-use stadium located in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. 
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of UB Conquense.

</doc>
<doc id="36641937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641937" title="Smog (1/3)">
Smog (1/3)

Smog is a public artwork by American artist Tony Smith located to the south east of McCardell Bicentennial Hall on the Middlebury College campus, in Middlebury, VT, United States of America. An example of minimalist sculpture, the piece is a lattice of 45 octahedra, standing on 22 tetrahedra, and topped with 15 prisms. It is fabricated from aluminum, painted black. This work is first in an edition of three, with one artist's proof.
Lippincotts, LLC was commissioned by the estate of the artist to manage the construction of this artwork, and the piece was fabricated by WeldingWorks, Inc. of Madison, CT in 2000.
Historical Information.
Smith derived "Smog" from "Smoke", a vertically oriented work first produced in painted plywood and installed at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in 1967. After this version had been deinstalled and returned to the artist, Smith re-worked the forms into a horizontally oriented work which he called "Smog". The sculpture has been produced on a smaller scale, measuring 12 inches x 113 inches x 79 inches, in cast bronze with a black patina.
Acquisition.
The sculpture was purchased by Middlebury College's Committee on Art in Public Places with funds provided by the Middlebury College College Board of Trustees One Percent for Art Policy on the occasion of the construction of the Bicentennial Hall. The policy sets aside one percent of the cost of any renovation or new construction at the College for the purchase, installation, maintenance, and interpretation of works of art publicly displayed on campus.
In conjunction with the sculpture's dedication on October 21, 2000, the Middlebury College Museum of Art mounted an exhibition, "Tony Smith's Smog: A New Sculpture for Middlebury" which featured models, preparatory drawings, and photographs related to the history of the sculpture.

</doc>
<doc id="36641939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641939" title="Garratts Wood">
Garratts Wood

Garratts Wood is a woodland in Somerset, England, near the village of Winsford. It covers a total area of . It is owned and managed by the Woodland Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="36641948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641948" title="Jiepang">
Jiepang

Jiepang () is a Chinese social networking service for mobile devices, such as smartphones. Users can download the Jiepang app to track and share life moments with friends. In July 2013, Jiepang launched an all new design in version 5.0, which evolved from its origins as China's leading location based service (LBS) for the "check in". Jiepang helps users record and track all of their life activities, connect with friends in specific moments and explore communities of people that have similar interests.
In the past, Jiepang was highly similar to Foursquare and was frequently called the Foursquare of China. But the redesign of Jiepang 5.0 pivots the app away from that reference.
The service was created in 2010 by David Liu (刘大卫), and is available in simplified and traditional Chinese characters as well as English. As of July 2013, it has 5 million users.
Features.
Jiepang provides an application for iOS, Android, and a mobile website.
Jiepang homepage has an easy access check-in toolbar that allows users to post their location, tag friends they are with, share a photo and add comments ("check-in"). Users can choose to have their moments synced to their other social-network accounts on Sina Weibo, Renren, Douban, Qzone, Tencent Weibo, Kaixin001, Fanfou, and Twitter. Each post can also be synced to WeChat moments or individual WeChat conversations.
Users can create a "To Do" list for their private use and add "Tips" to venues that other users can read, which serve as suggestions for great things to do, see or eat at the location.
In addition, users can view their personal page to view history chronologically, by photos, etc.
Activity Tags.
Jiepang 5.0 launched 16 activity tags: Food, Coffee, KTV, Movies, Date, Travel, Shopping, Party, Work, Exercise, Drink, Performance, Pets, Sleepless, Selfie, and Mock/Vent. Activity tags help users categorize personal posts to easily reflect on specific moments. Activity tags also allow users to explore their interests by viewing other users' posts within specific categories. Users have the choice of adding one activity tag to each post. Within each activity tag category, users can view all posts shared by friends or explore those from within the whole Jiepang community.
Badges.
Badges () are earned by participating in campaigns via checking into venues with specific hashtags, using a branded photo filter, check-in frequency, time of check-in, etc. Once a badge is earned by a player, it will remain on that user's profile indefinitely.
Specials.
"Specials" (), are incentives for Jiepang users to record specific moments.
Partnerships.
Jiepang has partnered with over 400 global brands, including Starbucks, Louis Vuitton., Neutrogena, Listerine, McDonald’s, Starwood Hotels, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="36641955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641955" title="Novi Log">
Novi Log

Novi Log (; locally also "Mali Log", ) is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Stari Log.
History.
Novi Log was a village inhabited by Gottschee Germans. It had 24 houses before the Second World War. The village was burned by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive in the summer of 1942 and was not rebuilt after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="36641969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641969" title="Analloerotic">
Analloerotic

Analloerotic is having no sexual interests in other persons. Anil Aggrawal considers it distinct from asexuality and defines the latter as the lack of a sex drive.

</doc>
<doc id="36641974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641974" title="Estadio Salto del Caballo">
Estadio Salto del Caballo

The Estadio Salto del Caballo is a multi-use stadium located in Toledo, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. 
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of CD Toledo.

</doc>
<doc id="36641975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641975" title="Overseas province">
Overseas province

Oversea province (pt:província ultramarina) was a designation for territorial entities of Portugal, where it was established by the Estado Novo, and Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="36641976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36641976" title="Sioux Valley School District (South Dakota)">
Sioux Valley School District (South Dakota)

The Sioux Valley School District is a public school district in Brookings County, South Dakota, United States, based in Volga, South Dakota.
Schools.
The Sioux Valley School District has one elementary school, one middle school, and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36642002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642002" title="Beli Kamen, Kočevje">
Beli Kamen, Kočevje

Beli Kamen (; ) is a remote abandoned former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Stari Log.
History.
Beli Kamen was a village inhabited by Gottschee Germans. It had 23 houses before the Second World War. The village was burned by Italian troops during the Rog Offensive in the second half of August 1942 and was not rebuilt after the war.

</doc>
<doc id="36642003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642003" title="Gabriel Allon">
Gabriel Allon

Gabriel Allon is the main protagonist in Daniel Silva's thriller and espionage series that focuses on Israeli intelligence. The main characters refer to their employer as the Office, although it is not specified that it is Mossad (despite that in reality, internally in the Israeli intelligence community Mossad is colloquially referred to as "HaMisrad," [עברית: המשרד] which literally translates into English as, 'the Office' which is exactly the same name). Allon's career began in 1972 when he, Eli Lavon and several others were plucked from civilian life by Ari Shamron to participate in Operation Wrath of God, an act of vengeance to hunt down and eliminate those responsible for killing the Israel athletes in Munich. Wrath of God is referenced in the books throughout the course of his life.
Character biography.
According to Silva, Allon is a sabra whose first language was German. He was raised Jewish, albeit in a secular home in the Jezreel Valley, and was not familiar with Shabbat candles until he saw them as an adult. That his parents, specifically his mother, Irene, was a Holocaust survivor (from Berlin) is a thread throughout the series; it is often alluded to that her unwillingness to discuss what happened to her is part of what makes Allon such a good spy and master of secrets. Not much is known about Allon's father beyond his death in the Six-Day War, other than that he was a Holocaust survivor (like his future wife) who was born and raised in Munich. According to Shamron, Gabriel's name was chosen for a reason, "Your mother named you Gabriel for a reason. Michael is the highest , but you, Gabriel, are the mightiest. You're the one who defends Israel against its accusers. You're the angel of judgment -- the Prince of Fire."
Several books in the series make reference to Allon's linguistic versatility and it is confirmed that he speaks fluent English, French, German, Hebrew, and Italian, as well as also passable Arabic and Spanish. In The English Girl Silva lets the readers know that German was his first language and remains the language of his dreams. According to press for the same title, Allon is in his 60s. 
Allon's grandfather was a well-known Berlin-based German Expressionist painter who passed his talents on to his daughter (Gabriel's mother) and subsequently Gabriel before he was killed at Auschwitz in January 1943. Allon served in the army and chose to leave immediately at the conclusion of his conscription to study at the Bezalel Academy of Art and Design, forsaking an offered post in an elite special forces unit. It was at Bezalel in Jerusalem in 1972 when Shamron approached him to join the Office and take part in retribution operation being carried out by Israel in against Black September in retaliation for perpetrating the Munich massacre at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Gabriel was the one of the primary assassins in the operation conducted across Europe which lasted three years resulting in the derailment of Gabriel's then-likely future career as a painter. He did return to his studies while simultaneously continuing to work for the Office and eventually instead became an art restorer based in Italy as his primary unofficial cover, which also continues to play a large role in Allon's life.
In January 1991, while on assignment in Vienna, Allon's car was bombed resulting in the death of his son and serious injury to his wife, Leah. His wife survived and lives in a psychiatric hospital on Mount Herzl, not far from where their son is buried on the Mount of Olives. Allon felt he had to make peace with Leah's ghost before he could propose to or marry Chiara, the Italian-born Office field operative who later becomes his second wife. His son's ghost frequently haunts Allon, especially after Chiara's miscarriage following her kidnapping and their ensuing inability to conceive.
Real world impact.
The books are never explicit in the year in which they're set, although there are sometimes references to real-world events, such as the changing American presidency. In "The Fallen Angel", Allon makes references to meeting Chiara ten years prior, which roughly matches up to the books' annual releases. However some titles, especially "Moscow Rules" and "The Defector" take place within greater proximity to one another based on the books' events.
In an interview that coincided with the release of "Moscow Rules", Silva revealed he heard an art professional quote Allon and some real-world news accounts make reference to the Allon series and wonder whether the specific news will become part of the series.
Main characters.
Gabriel's Team.
Allon's team is known by the code name "Barak", the Hebrew word for lightning. and most of his team plays a role throughout the novels in the series. Some of them include:
Combat/Muscle Section
There is no part of the team that is actually called that (or something similar) in the series, but what it refers to is the specific members of Gabriel's team that have significant combat training and generally support Gabriel during the more physical & deadly aspects of his operations (armed & hand-to-hand combat, kidnappings, interrogations, and executions) while all the other members of his team stay behind. This usually includes:

</doc>
<doc id="36642027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642027" title="Tristram Benjamin Bethea">
Tristram Benjamin Bethea

Tristram Benjamin Bethea (April 12, 1810 – September 6, 1876) was a prominent Alabama lawyer and politician. He was born in South Carolina, and moved to Alabama at an early age. He served several terms in the Alabama Legislature.
Early life.
Bethea was born on April 12, 1810 in Marion County, South Carolina. His paternal ancestors were early French Huguenot settlers of South Carolina. He came with his parents to Claiborne, Alabama during his childhood. His father died a premature death. As a consequence, he had a simple early education. He then read law under Arthur P. Bagby in Claiborne and later under C. M. Conrad in New Orleans.
Adulthood.
He moved to Wilcox County, Alabama in 1832, where he practiced law. He moved to Mobile, Alabama in 1850 and was elected to the Alabama Legislature from Mobile on the Democratic ticket three years later. In 1855, he was reelected to the state legislature, this time as representative of the Know-Nothing Party. He permanently moved to Montgomery County, Alabama shortly afterward. He died in Montgomery County on September 6, 1876.
Personal life.
Tristram Bethea married Eugenia Volanto Bethea of Wilcox County, Alabama. She was the daughter of David Bethea and Mary Ann Pledger. They had seven children: Mary Ann, Sarah Cornelia, Henry, Alfred, David, Theodore, and Andrew Jackson (A. J.) Bethea.

</doc>
<doc id="36642030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642030" title="Daniel Corral (composer)">
Daniel Corral (composer)

Daniel Corral (born 1981) is an American composer and musician.
Biography.
Corral was born in Eagle River, Alaska, United States, in 1981. He holds an M.F.A. in music from the California Institute of the Arts (2007) and a B.M. from the University of Puget Sound (2004). While at Calarts he studied composition with Anne LeBaron and James Tenney. His musical voice finds outlet in puppet operas, accordion orchestras, handmade music boxes, player pianos, electronic collages, site-specific installations, chamber music, and interdisciplinary collaborations. 
The Los Angeles Times described the premiere at Zipper Hall of his "Sigils" for solo piano as "the recital’s strongest piece. "Sigils" boasts a fascinating -- and somewhat split -- personality, with its mixtures of rhythmic data-dancing systems and more visceral, clustered fistfuls-of-notes, hazy keyboard cloud activity, and a deceptive 'resolving chord' (with a flatted second in the bass)".
His second puppet opera, "Zoophilic Follies," premiered September 2011 at REDCAT and featured Timur and the Dime Museum along with other musical guests. His first puppet opera, "Le Petit Macabre", premiered in 2008 at St. Anne's Warehouse, Brooklyn as part of the Great Small Works Toy Theatre Festival. It was inspired by Gyorgy Ligeti's opera, Le Grand Macabre.
He also composes, arranges, and plays accordion/electronics in Timur and the Dime Museum, a music ensemble featuring operatic tenor Timur Bekbosunov, clarinetist Brian Walsh, violist Cassia Streb, guitarist Matthew Setzer, bassist David Tranchina, and drummer Andrew Lessman.

</doc>
<doc id="36642032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642032" title="List of songs recorded by Lana Del Rey">
List of songs recorded by Lana Del Rey

American singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey has recorded songs for three studio albums, three extended plays, and guest features. Her debut extended play "Kill Kill" (2008) was released by 5 Points Records under her birth name Elizabeth "Lizzy" Grant; its tracks "Kill Kill" and "Yayo" were written solely by Grant, while the remaining song "Gramma (Blue Ribbon Sparkler Trailer Heaven)" was co-written by Grant and David Kahne. She assumed the stage name Lana Del Ray for her debut studio album "Lana Del Ray" (2010) and wrote the majority of the record by herself, although Kahne is credited with co-writing four tracks on the project.
Grant, who by this point had adopted her current stage name Lana Del Rey, signed a recording contract with Stranger Records in 2011; she released her debut single "Video Games", which she co-wrote with Justin Parker, that year. After the track experienced commercial success, Del Rey secured a recording contract with Interscope Records and Polydor Records for the release of her major-label debut "Born to Die" (2012). Born to Die reached number one in eleven countries and was certified Platinum or better in sixteen. "Born to Die" was written by Del Rey in collaboration with Justin Parker, Tim Larcombe, Emile Haynie, Dan Heath, Mike Daly, The Nexus, Rick Nowels, Chris Braide, Jim Irvin, Sacha Skarbek, Liam Howe, and Hannah Robinson.
Del Rey followed up "Born to Die" with an EP called "Paradise" in late 2012. The EP featured a cover of the song "Blue Velvet", written by Bernie Wayne and Lee Morris, and a re-recording of "Yayo". The rest of the songs were written by Del Rey in collaboration with Justin Parker, Rick Nowels, Emile Haynie, Tim Larcombe and Dan Heath.
In 2013, Del Rey contributed the song "Young and Beautiful" to of F. Scott Fitzgerald's "The Great Gatsby". The song was certified Platinum in the United States and quadruple Platinum in Australia. She also contributed a cover of the song "Once Upon a Dream", originally written by Sammy Fain and Jack Lawrence, to the soundtrack of the dark fantasy film "Maleficent" (2014).
Her third studio album, "Ultraviolence", was released in the summer of 2014. Debuting at number one in twelve countries, it has been certified Gold in Canada, and Silver in the United Kingdom. The album featured a cover of the song “The Other Woman”, written by Jessie Mae Robinson. The other songs on the album were written by Del Rey in collaboration with Blake Stranathan, Dan Heath, Rick Nowels, Barrie O’Neill, Greg Kurstin, Robbie Fitzsimmons, Dan Auerbach, and Harmony Korine.

</doc>
<doc id="36642037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642037" title="Li Zhilong">
Li Zhilong

Li Zhilong (born March 9, 1988) is a Chinese 2012 Olympics athlete who competes in the 400 metre hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36642040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642040" title="Cheng Wen">
Cheng Wen

Cheng Wen (born 06/04/1989) is a Chinese 2012 Olympics athlete who competes in the 400 metre hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36642054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642054" title="1981 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1981 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1981 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 12 teams. The national champions were Deportivo Táchira.

</doc>
<doc id="36642062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642062" title="Voice of Industry">
Voice of Industry

The Voice of Industry was a worker-run newspaper published between 1845-1848, at the height of the American Industrial Revolution. The "Voice" was centrally concerned with the dramatic social changes wrought by the Industrial Revolution, as workers came to depend on corporations for a wage.
The "Voice", a small four-page newspaper, started publication on May 29, 1845 in Fitchburg, Massachusetts under the auspices of the New England Workingmen’s Association, with the young mechanic William F. Young at the helm. While primarily concerned with land and labor reform, the paper addressed a number of other social issues, including war, education, women’s rights, religion, slavery, and prison reform. All of the writing was done by the “workingmen and women," who, Young wrote in his inaugural editorial, “can wield the pen with as much perfection as the instruments of their respective vocations,” and to whom he extended “a hearty welcome...whether they agree with us on all points or not.”
Shortly after it was established, the paper moved from Fitchburg to Lowell, where it was adopted by the first union of working women in the United States, the Lowell Female Labor Reform Association led by the young labour leader Sarah Bagley.
Criticism of the Industrial Revolution.
Workers writing in the "Voice" were sharply critical of the character and effects of the Industrial Revolution. Their concerns mirrored those of the broader American labor movement in the 1840s, a period in which worker unrest was directed towards the loss of status and economic independence experienced under the new economic system. It was, as the historian Norman Ware noted, “this "social revolution" that primarily affected the industrial worker in this period, and against which his protests were made. At the center of this revolution was a dramatic loss of control over economic life, as workers were made to sell their labor for a wage. This new dependence was, they argued, the natural result of an economic system driven by an imperative to accumulate wealth. It was this acquisitive, selfish drive that was the target of many workers in the 1840s who opposed the new economic order.
Accordingly, criticism in the "Voice" spanned a broad range. Workers denounced the new ethic of accumulation itself, seeing it as both immoral and destructive of the benevolent parts of human nature. They expressed alarm at how the profit motive directed technological change, as new ‘labor-saving’ machinery that might have been used to reduce toil was instead deployed to increase output. They protested the new ways of organizing work, which, in the name of maximizing profit, was divided into confined, repetitive tasks that diminished their capacity for self-development. They were dismayed by how economic power infected the political system, resulting in dubious and expensive wars, and making labor reform efforts difficult. And all of this, of course, in addition the harsh disciplinary power wielded by the corporations directly, which worsened their position amidst unprecedented corporate prosperity.
Loss of Status and Independence.
The overarching theme of worker protests during the 1840s was, as Norman Ware has observed, the loss status and independence that took place as “sovereignty in economic affairs passed from the community as a whole into the keeping of a specialized class”. Ware notes that this shift was symbolized by the changing terms of the labor contract, in which the term “price” was displaced with “wage”, as work was divorced from social life and offered as a commodity for sale:
The old term for the remuneration of the mechanic was 'price'. It referred to his product rather than to his labor, for it was his product that he sold. When the producer, whether master or journeyman, sold his product, he retained his person. But when he came to sell his labor, he sold himself. The term 'wage' that displaced 'price' as the Industrial Revolution advanced had formerly applied only to day labor, and the extension of the term to the skilled worker was regarded by him as a symbol of a deeper change.
Significantly, many workers in the 1840s saw their new, dependant status as opposed to American ideals of freedom and equality. This was especially true of the women writing in the "Voice", many of whom were granddaughters of American revolutionaries, and self-identified as “Daughters of Freemen.” These women, the historian Thomas Dublin observes, felt “no deference toward their employers,” expressing the conviction that they “were the social equals of their overseers, indeed of the millowners themselves.” This sense of dignity and social equality had played a significant role in the strikes of the previous decade, which were prompted by wage cuts by the mills. In response to one of these cuts in 1834, a petition circulated “to obtain the names of all who imbibe the spirit of our Patriotic Ancestors who preferred privation to bondage,” was signed by 800 women, and concluded with the following poem:
Let oppression shrug her shoulders,
And a haughty tyrant frown,
And little upstart Ignorance,
In mockery look down.
Yet I value not these feeble threats
Of Tories in disguise,
While the flag of Independence
O’er our noble nation flies.
This identification with revolutionary republicanism continued into the 1840s. Much of the writing in the "Voice", such as this piece advocating for the Ten Hour workday, evokes the rhetoric of the American Revolution: 
Are you the sons of those who fought so nobly the battles of freedom? Are you the sons of the fathers of '76? If so, let your voices be heard in thundertones, and your hands be stretched forth to save us from the same evils that threatened us when they declared themselves free from a foreign power. 
Selfish Individualism as Immoral.
Workers were bitterly opposed to the ethic of selfish individualism at the heart of the new economic system. One labor leader, writing in the "Voice", denounced this new “Spirit of the Age”, the imperative that people “get gain…gain wealth…forgetting all but self.”
A society organized on principles of selfish individualism was, a worker in the "Voice" put it, “at war with the better and higher feelings of man’s nature.” The emphasis on accumulation was seen by many as corroding the more altruistic and social parts of human nature. “Man is a social being,” wrote another worker, “the very nature and the circumstances necessary to the development of his natural capacities proclaim.” “Sympathy,” he continued, was “the only true principle” which “rightly associates the human family. But how often is this great principle misruled by the demands of want – or the schemes of vain or pecuniary policies?” 
The single-minded pursuit of wealth had equally pernicious effects on the minds of the industrialists who oppressed them. “Business men,” wrote one operative, “in the general scramble for more, almost or entirely neglect all faculties of the mind but those directly called into action by their love of gain.” This “love and pursuit of riches” not only “chokethe mind and dwarfs it,” wrote another operative, [http://industrialrevolution.org/wealth-and-wisdom.html#wastedintellect “but the disease itself is hopelessly beyond remedy.”
The profit motive was also seen as in conflict with Christian ideals of benevolence and charity. Many workers voiced intense opposition to an economic system founded on the sin of “avarice," and the “undue exercise of…selfish propensities.” The pursuit of wealth, wrote one worker, “makea total wreck of everything noble, generous or philanthropic,” making [http://industrialrevolution.org/love-of-gain.html#acquisitivenessbecomesrulingpassion “dollars…the only joyous sounds that strike upon the ear…the only objects of sincere worship.” The divorce of religious principles from industrial relations was, in the words of another, “a fatal wrong”, which allowed “professed christians to practice injustice in their business, social and political capacities.” They were equally critical of fellow workers who worshiped “at the altar of mammon,” a Biblical reference to the demon of gluttony and riches.
Disturbed by the rapid spread of this selfish, individualistic ethic, workers looked to the various reform movements of the period, which organized production according to cooperative, rather than competitive, principles.
Technology as biased towards Output.
Many workers were alarmed the disconnect between the enormous liberating potential of the new ‘labor-saving’ machinery, and the way this technology was instead developed and applied, in the name of maximizing profit, to increase output. Machinery, they argued, should be developed with the aim of freeing people from toil, allowing them more time to cultivate and develop their talents.“With such gigantically increased means of production,” wrote one worker, “would it not be supposed that the Laboring Classes would be rendered more comfortable?” Instead, they watched with dismay as their work increased, and was fragmented into narrow, routine tasks, leaving them physically and mentally debased. “Compared with their employers,” wrote a worker in the "Voice", “are as a class sinking day by day into a still deeper degradation.” Another observed that while there was now “machinery enough in New England to do the work of five times its present population performed in the old way...[http://industrialrevolution.org/labor-saving-machines-2.html#greatcurse the consequence is we are nearer starvation.” 
This was not the attack of the caricatured, machine-sabotaging, “luddite.” These workers were instead criticizing the definition of “efficiency” under the new economic system, in which "costs" were restricted to monetary expenses, and "benefits" were defined by physical output. Any benefit outside of this narrow calculus - such as whether the work was enjoyable, or was designed to engage workers' intelligence - were not counted as a “gain”, and was seen instead as either irrelevant or counterproductive to “profitable” work.
Criticism of the Division of Labor.
Workers were also critical of the new ways in which factory work was organized, which was often reduced to fragmented, monotonous, and tedious tasks. While this division of labor produced unprecedented increases in productivity and output, workers were weary of its effects on their character, and their capacities for learning and self-development.
Many workers had come to Lowell for it’s vibrant, working class intellectual culture: they read voraciously in libraries and reading rooms, attended public lectures on topics ranging from astronomy to music, and even pursued literary composition (defying factory rules, some would even fasten verses to their spinning frames, “to train their memories,” and pin up mathematical problems in the rooms where they worked). 
But they quickly found that this desire and capacity for self-development was incompatible with the long days filled with dreary tasks required by factory work. “Who,” asked an operative writing in the Voice, “after thirteen hours of steady application to monotonous work, can sit down and apply her mind to deep and long continued thought? …Where is the opportunity for mental improvement?” A former Lowell operative, looking back on her experience in the mills, expressed a similar view: “After one has worked from ten to fourteen hours at manual labor, it is impossible to study History, Philosophy, or Science,” she wrote. “I well remember the chagrin I often felt when attending lectures, to find myself unable to keep awake...I am sure few possessed a more ardent desire for knowledge than I did, but such was the effect of the long hour system, that my chief delight was, after the evening meal, to place my aching feet in an easy position, and read a novel.” 
This sentiment - that repetitive and exhausting work was corrosive to “the expression and cultivation of the intellectual powers” - echoed concerns about the division of labor voiced by Adam Smith from almost a century earlier. Writing in the "Wealth of Nations" about the division of labor, Smith had observed that a worker “whose whole life is spent in performing a few simple operations…has no occasion to exert his understanding…He naturally loses, therefore, the habit of such exertion, and generally becomes as stupid and ignorant as it is possible for a human creature to become.” Smith argued that this epidemic of “gross ignorance and stupidity” wrought by the division of labor in civilized societies can be countered by extensive public education.
Worker Losses Amidst Prosperity.
The "Voice" appeared during a period of unprecedented, explosive growth in the textile industry: between 1840 to 1860, the number of spindles in use went from two million to over five million; bales of cotton used from 300,000 to nearly a million, and the number of workers from 72,000 to nearly 122,000. This tremendous growth translated directly into large profits for the textile corporations. Between 1846 and 1850 the dividends of the “Boston Capitalists,” the group of textile companies that founded Lowell, averaged 14% per year. Most corporations recorded similarly high profits during this period.
Workers saw none of these gains. Indeed, most saw their positions decline sharply during the 1840s, as the corporations employed fewer workers to tend more machines at faster speeds, for reduced wages. Not surprisingly, this gave rise to considerable discontent. Writing in the Voice as “one of the vast army of sufferers,” a worker protested that while workers now tended “three or four looms, where they used to tend but two,” and produced twice as much cloth, “the pay is not increased to them, while the increase to the owners is very great. Is this just?” Another, writing in 1845, observed that while the profits of eleven Lowell mills had doubled from the year before, the workers were being paid 12.5% less. “This is the natural result of the state of things in New England," she concluded, "the more wealth becomes concentrated in a few hands, and the poorer the great mass becomes.” 
This gap between profits and the condition of workers was partly due to the increase in corporate power during this period. While textile corporations had cut wages twice in the previous decade, their power had been limited, as frustrated workers could leave the factories and return to their nearby rural homes. By the early 1840s, however, many New England farms had been lost to a severe economic depression, leaving workers with no place to find respite from the harsh discipline of factory life. A permanent factory population was established in Lowell, and policies designed to increase worker discipline were suddenly more effective. Corporations colluded to increase the work week and the number of hours in the workday. They maintained 'blacklists' that prevented discharged workers - fired, in many cases, for trivial reasons - from finding employment at other mills. A “premium system” was adopted in which supervisors were paid bonuses for pushing operatives to produce more.
As a result, by the mid-1840s, workers were spending 11 to 13 hours each day in factories that were often overheated and poorly ventilated, doing dreary, exhausting work. While they often wrote about being treated by mill owners as “living machines,” the reality was much worse - unlike their inanimate counterparts, workers were being compelled to produce more by applying discipline and control.
Writing on Other Issues.
On the Mexican-American War.
The Mexican-American War took place between 1846 to 1848 in the wake of the 1845 U.S. annexation of Texas. President James K. Polk, a Tennessee Democrat and expansionist, made the declaration after a military incident in which 16 American soldiers were killed by Mexicans. The location of the incident was used as the justification for the war and was highly controversial - although Polk claimed that it took place on American soil, this was famously challenged by a newly elected senator from Illinois, Abraham Lincoln. Although many major newspapers that expressed strong views on the need for war also reported broad public support for it, the real extent of popular support remains unclear. There were a number of well-known dissenting voices: A handful of anti-slavery Congressmen who voted against the war, including John Quincy Adams, condemned it as a way to extend the slavery system throughout Mexico (the American Anti-Slavery Society was opposed the same grounds). Henry David Thoreau and Ralph Waldo Emerson were also outspoken critics.
Articles published in the "Voice" vigorously condemned the conflict. Writers were critical of the motivations for the war, of the role played by fear and patriotism in rallying the public, the disproportionate burdens of war on the working classes, and the massive amount of money spent on the war, which might have been otherwise been used to help the poor. “Give me the money that has been spent in the war,” wrote one worker, “and I will clothe every man, woman and child in an attire that Kings and Queens might be proud of...I will supply that schoolhouse with a competent teacher,” continuing, “I will crown every hill with a church, consecrated with the promulgation of the gospel of peace.”
On Slavery.
The majority of women operatives fighting for labor reform in the 1840s also stood against slavery, denouncing it the many letters, articles and poetry in "Voice"; indeed, the women of Lowell became known as the “Pretty Friends of the Slave”, and the Lowell Female Labor Reform Association participated officially in several antislavery meetings.
Debate about the Lowell Offering.
Once in Lowell, the "Voice" continued to advocate for land and labor reform, and was particularly vocal in its support of the emerging movement for the Ten Hour Workday. This focus, and the paper’s often militant tone, stood in sharp contrast with another, more famous publication, the Lowell Offering, a monthly literary magazine that was also written, edited, and published by working women in Lowell. The Offering, initially organized in 1840 by the Reverend Abel Charles Thomas (1807-1880), was established to publish pieces written by women in the local "improvement circles" and literary societies organized by the First Universalist Church. In 1842, an operative named Harriet Farley, who had come to work in the mills in 1838 and who had contributed articles to the Offering, became its co-editor. 
The "Offering" painted a sanguine picture of life in the mills. The disconnect between these rosy images and the ever-worsening, dismal reality of factory life alarmed many operatives, including Sarah Bagely, a young operative who had moved to Lowell in 1836 to work in the mills. Bagely, who had joined one of the Lowell improvement circles and had written several articles for the Offering, began submitting articles critical of the factories. Many of these were denied. In a fiery public speech, a frustrated Bagley rebuked the Offering at a convention of the New England Workingmen Association in Worburn, Massachusetts on July 4, 1845, for its deference to the mill owners.
Bagley's speech and following articles in the "Voice of Industry" set off a heated, public debate between Bagley and Farley. Farley responded in the pages of the "Lowell Courier", stating that if any critical articles were rejected, it was not done under her tenure. Bagley replied by calling for Farley to cite a single article published in the "Lowell Offering" that was critical of the corporations. Farley refused, which prompted Bagley to accuse of her of being a “mouth piece of the corporations.” Indeed, writing in the pages of the "Lowell Offering" early in her tenure, Farley had been clear about her refusal to be drawn into any “controversies” over the conditions in the mills: "With wages and board,” she wrote, “we have nothing to do. These depend on circumstances over which we have no control."
The Lowell Female Labor Reform Association.
The Lowell Female Labor Reform Association was started by Sarah Bagley and twelve other women in January 1845. Its membership grew to 500 within six months, and continued to expand rapidly. The Association was managed completely by working women: they elected their own officers with Bagley as president and held their own meetings; they organized the Lowell's female workers, and helped establish similar association in other New England mill towns. They organized fairs, parties, and social gatherings. This labor reform ssociation found considerable support from the workingmen's associations, who welcomed them into their reform organizations and advocated for their treatment as equals.
Shortly after it moved to Lowell, the "Voice", under Bagley's The "Voice" entreated female operatives in Lowell and other factory towns to use the paper as an instrument of their own emancipation, with a notice on November 7, 1845:
"We cordially invite the Factory Girls of Lowell, and the operatives and working people generally, whether they agree with us or not, to make the Voice a medium of communication; for it is your paper, through which you should be heard and command attention. The Press has been too long monopolized by the capitalist non-producers, party demagogues and speculators, to the exclusion of the people, whose rights are as dear and valid."
To this end, the "Lowell Female Labor Reform Association" under the direction of Bagley, established a “Female Department” within the "Voice", which featured articles and poetry on a variety of subjects of interest to women. The LFLRA also published a series of pamphlets called "Factory Tracts," which documented the deteriorating conditions in the mills, and provided, "a true exposition of the Factory system and its effects upon the health and happiness of the operatives." 
In May 1846, the LFLRA bought the type and presses for the struggling "Voice," and Bagley briefly assumed the editorial chair. A month later, a new editor was selected and Bagley was fired.
Support for the Ten Hour Movement.
The struggle for the ten-hour day, more than any other issue, was the focal point for many workers organizations in the 1840s. By 1845, factory workers in Lowell were spending between 11 to 13 hours per day performing exhausting work in onerous conditions. It was recognized that in order to succeed, the Ten Hour Movement would require legislative action, which made government and the political process part of labor reform discussions for the first time. Accordingly, working men and women workers organized several petition campaigns demanding laws that limited the workday.
The "Voice" was at the forefront of many of these efforts. In 1845, the paper spearheaded a vigorous campaign that collected over 2,000 signatures, mostly from women. This led to the creation of the Massachusetts Legislative Committee (the "Investigation of Laboring Conditions"), the first such committee in the United States. The committee was chaired by William Schouler, a state representative of Lowell, an appointment that dismayed many of the activists who had run the campaign. As the editor of a factory-friendly newspaper called the “Lowell Courier,” Schouler was perceived as being biased in favor of the corporations (his newspaper was often described by the "Voice" as a “political organ of the corporations.”)
The committee heard testimony from a number of Lowell female workers who spoke about the need for additional time for meals and shorter hours. The Committee Report amounted to an exoneration of the corporations. A law restricting the workday, the committee wrote, would negatively affect the competitiveness of the mills. It would also affect “the question of wages,” which the committee held should be set by the market, as negotiated between labor and capital. In Lowell, the committee said, “labor is on an equality with capital, and indeed controls it…Labor is intelligent enough to make its own bargains, and look out for its own interests without any interference from us.” The committee concluded by expressing confidence that any abuses in the mills would remedy themselves, through “the progressive improvement in art and science, in a higher appreciation of man's destiny.” 
The "Voice" reacted sharply to the report, charging that the political process had been hijacked by the corporations, and accused the committee of distorting the workers’ testimony. When Schouler sought re-election following the release of the report, the Female Labor Reform Association vigorously campaigned against him, possibly contributing to his defeat.
Publication History.
--- On May 29, 1845, the "Voice", a small four-page newspaper, began publication in Fitchburg, Massachusetts under the auspices of the New England Workingmen’s Association, with young mechanic William F. Young as editor. Shortly thereafter, the newspaper moved to Lowell, Massachusetts. 
--- In May 1846, the type and presses of the struggling "Voice" were purchased by the Lowell Female Labor Reform Aossication under the leadership of Sarah Bagley.
--- In early 1847, the circulation further declined under the editorship of Associationist reformer John Allen, as the paper began to focus exclusively on the associationist movement. The paper’s original editor, William F. Young returned briefly in an attempt to increase circulation, but his efforts failed and the paper ceased publication in 1847.
--- In October 1847, the "Voice" was resurrected as "An Organ of the People," edited by D.H. Jaques, with a focus on Cooperative reform movements.
--- In December 1847, the "An Organ of the People" moved to Boston, where it advocated for Land Reform, before again becoming insolvent on April 14, 1848 (a shortfall of $350 stilled the presses).
--- From June to August 1849, its final incarnation was as "The New Era of Industry."

</doc>
<doc id="36642089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642089" title="Novi Tabor">
Novi Tabor

Novi Tabor (; ) is an abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. Its territory is now part of the village of Črmošnjice.
History.
Novi Tabor was a village inhabited by Gottschee Germans. It was founded during the era of Ottoman raids in the 16th century. It had seven houses in 1931. The original inhabitants were expelled in the fall of 1941. Italian troops burned the village during the Rog Offensive in the summer of 1942 and it was never rebuilt.

</doc>
<doc id="36642103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642103" title="Peter de Medburn">
Peter de Medburn

Peter de Medburn was an English medieval jurist and university chancellor.
Peter de Medburn was a Doctor of Laws. In 1294, he was Chancellor of the University of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="36642105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642105" title="Dong Guojian">
Dong Guojian

Dong Guojian (born March 16, 1987) is a Chinese 2012 Olympics athlete who competes in the Marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="36642138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642138" title="Trading band">
Trading band

In finance, a trading band is a range of prices for a commodity or currency, including:

</doc>
<doc id="36642144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642144" title="Li Zicheng (athlete)">
Li Zicheng (athlete)

Li Zicheng (born 10 April 1990) is a Chinese athlete who competes in the marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36642152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642152" title="The Rembrandt Affair">
The Rembrandt Affair

The Rembrandt Affair is the 2010 Daniel Silva's spy novel.
It is the tenth in Gabriel Allon series, based in the world of Israeli intelligence. 
Plot.
Gabriel Allon and his team seek a lost Rembrandt whose previous owners have included both Holocaust victims and terrorists. In additional to regularly recurring characters, Julian Isherwood in his role as a gallery owner features prominently. 
Background.
Part of the reason that Silva delved into the topic of art theft was the realization of the impact it has on the art world. Beginning with the role it played during and after the Holocaust, art theft has continued into the present. Each year, between four and six billion dollars worth of art and antiquities are stolen, ranking it as the fourth most lucrative crime behind drug trafficking, arms dealing, and money laundering. Silva touched on arms trafficking when dealing with the crimes of Ivan Kharkov in "The Defector" and "Moscow Rules". Silva was also intrigued by the greed that drove people such as Bernie Madoff and he, and some other key figures in the Great Recession were the inspiration behind this book's villain, Martin Landesmann.
Reception.
Like others in Silva's Gabriel Allon series, this book was a "New York Times" bestseller. "The Rembrandt Affair" marked Silva's last book with Putnam after he signed a deal with Harper Collins following Rembrandt's publication.
International titles.
Portuguese: "O Caso Rembrandt". ("The Rembrandt Affair"). (2011). ISBN 9722523589

</doc>
<doc id="36642172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642172" title="Meeks Cabin Dam">
Meeks Cabin Dam

Meeks Cabin Dam (National ID # WY01390) is a dam in Uinta County, Wyoming near the remote southwest corner of the state. A minor portion of its Meeks Cabin Reservoir extends south, over the state line into Utah.
The earthen dam was constructed from 1966 through 1971 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, with a height of 185 feet and 3162 feet long at its crest. It impounds the Blacks Fork, primarily for irrigation water storage. The dam is owned by the Bureau, part of the larger regional Lyman Project, and is operated by the Bridger Valley Water Conservancy District.
The reservoir has a surface area of 470 acres and a maximum capacity of 32,470 acre-feet. Recreation on the water includes fishing (for cutthroat trout and whitefish), hunting, boating, camping and hiking, and is under the jurisdiction of the United States Forest Service within the Wasatch-Cache National Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="36642183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642183" title="Ciudad Deportiva Rayo Vallecano">
Ciudad Deportiva Rayo Vallecano

Ciudad Deportiva Fundación Rayo Vallecano is the training ground of Rayo Vallecano, is located in Madrid.

</doc>
<doc id="36642193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642193" title="Portrait of a Spy">
Portrait of a Spy

Portrait of a Spy is the 2011 Daniel Silva's spy novel. It is the eleventh title in the Gabriel Allon series.
Other than the traditional recurring characters, Portrait features the return of Sarah Bancroft and Nadia al Bakari, daughter of Zizi al Bakari who was Allon's foe in The Messenger.
Like others in Silva's Allon series, Portrait of a Spy is a New York Times bestseller. "Portrait of a Spy" marked Silva's first book with HarperCollins, following his departure from Putnam following the publication of "The Rembrandt Affair" in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36642195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642195" title="Xie Wenjun">
Xie Wenjun

Xie Wenjun (, born 11/07/1990) is a Chinese 2012 Olympics athlete who competes in the 110m hurdles.

</doc>
<doc id="36642196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642196" title="Kulubnarti fort">
Kulubnarti fort

Kulubnarti fort was a fortified house on the island of Kulubnarti in Northern Sudan. It was later converted into a castle. Built during the Middle Ages, the "KurfÃ" stands on the boulder field at the south end of the island. Tapering towards the top, it is plastered with clay masonry. Official tax collectors ("Kashef") resided at the fortified house at least until the 19th century, when it was converted to a castle. There were similar fortifications in Tarmuki, Kasanarti, and Meinarti, all north of the 2nd cataract of the Nile and the flooded Lake Nasser. Modern day excavations could not ascertain if it was abandoned when the population converted from Christianity to Islam. While the Kulubnarti church was nearby, dating to the 13th or 14th century Christian era, from the Ottoman period, there were no remains found of a nearby mosque. The only evidence relating to Islam were three potsherds with Koranic verses.

</doc>
<doc id="36642197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642197" title="Keith Clifford Hall">
Keith Clifford Hall

Keith Clifford Hall (b. 29 March 1910, Cambridge - d. 16 December 1964, Bergen) was a British optician and pioneer of contact lenses.
Keith Clifford Hall was born in Cambridge and educated in Surrey. He left school at 17 and became an optician's apprentice in Bracknell. He studied for the Fellowship in Optometry of the Worshipful Company of Spectacle Makers (FSMC) at night school, qualifying in 1931. He began fitting contact lenses in 1934. 
After World War II he became one of the world’s leading contact lens specialists, and set up the first UK specialist contact lens practice during 1945 at 139 Park Lane in London. With F. Dickinson, he wrote one of the first post-war text books on contact lens, “An Introduction to the Prescribing of Contact Lenses”(1946). 
Keith Clifford Hall was one of the first opticians in the world to specialise in contact lens practice. His technique used scleral fitting shells which were modified with wax prior to machining. He also worked with the original Touhy corneal lens.
His practice expanded and he moved to larger rooms next door. His consulting rooms on the 6th floor of 140 Park Lane became a centre of excellence for many visiting specialists.
He also lectured on contact lens practice around the world. A founder member of the Contact Lens Society, Keith Clifford Hall was President 1947-48 and 1963-64.
Keith Clifford Hall died in Bergen on 16 December 1964. 
His work is commemorated by a collection of literature held for reference in the library of the College of Optometrists 
He is also commemorated by a plaque at the site of his consulting rooms, 140 Park Lane.

</doc>
<doc id="36642206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642206" title="Afaf Lutfi al-Sayyid-Marsot">
Afaf Lutfi al-Sayyid-Marsot

Afaf Lutfi al-Sayyid-Marsot (born 1933) is an Egyptian-born historian, professor of history at the University of California, Los Angeles, who has written on the history of Egypt since the eighteenth century.
Life.
Born in Cairo, Marsot gained a B.A. in sociology from the American University in Cairo in 1952, an M.A. in political science from Stanford University, and a D.Phil. in oriental studies from Oxford University in 1963. She became professor in history at UCLA in 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="36642212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642212" title="Barzillai ben Baruch Jabez">
Barzillai ben Baruch Jabez

Barzillai ben Baruch Jabez was a Turkish Talmudist of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries.
Jabez was a well-respected Talmudist and had many pupils, among whom were his son-in-law Judah Ashkenazi, and Isaac Nuñez Belmonte. Among Jabez's works was "Leshon 'Arummim", published in Smyrna in 1749, which contained annotations to Elijah Mizrachi's supercommentary on Rashi's commentary on the Pentateuch and on passages in Maimonides.

</doc>
<doc id="36642215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642215" title="The Fallen Angel (Daniel Silva novel)">
The Fallen Angel (Daniel Silva novel)

The Fallen Angel is the 2012 Daniel Silva's spy novel. It is the twelfth in Gabriel Allon series. 
Plot.
Unlike recent titles in the series, this book is set primarily in Italy as Allon helps the Pope's private secretary, Monsignor Luigi Donati with a case that is troubling The Vatican.
Reception.
Like others in Silva's Allon series, "The Fallen Angel" is a New York Times bestseller rising to #1 on the hardcover fiction list in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36642216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642216" title="Edgemont School District (South Dakota)">
Edgemont School District (South Dakota)

The Edgemont School District is a public school district in Fall River County, South Dakota, United States, based in Edgemont, South Dakota.
Schools.
The Edgemont School District has one elementary school and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36642218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642218" title="Donald McCullough (minister)">
Donald McCullough (minister)

Donald W. McCullough (born 1949) is an American Christian minister and former President of San Francisco Theological Seminary. 
McCullough was ordained in the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) and served as the senior pastor of Solana Beach Presbyterian Church from 1980 to 1994. He then served as President of San Francisco Theological Seminary from 1994 to 2000. He resigned from his position after admitting to inappropriate conduct involving two women. He was convicted of two counts of sexual abuse by the Permanent Judicial Commission of his denomination's San Francisco Presbytery.
McCullough wrote about his experience in his 2002 book, "The Wisdom of Pelicans: A Search for Healing at the Water's Edge" (ISBN 0142196231). He followed this with "The Consolations of Imperfection: Learning to Appreciate Life's Limitations" (2004) and "If Grace Is So Amazing, Why Don't We Like It?" (2005).
McCullough is currently pastor of Mendocino Presbyterian Church in California.

</doc>
<doc id="36642237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642237" title="Donald McCullough">
Donald McCullough

Donald McCullough may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36642252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642252" title="Walk Like a River">
Walk Like a River

Walk Like a River is a public sculpture by Peter Flanary located at Riverside Park on the east side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. "Walk Like a River" consists of three sculptures--"Drop," "Gather," and "Flow"--installed throughout the park. The group of sculptures was commissioned by the Urban Ecology Center, a nonprofit organization. 
Description.
The elements of "Walk Like a River" are made of open bronze cages filled with fist-sized glacial stones in a variety of natural shapes and colors. "Drop" is one large round form, "Gather" is five round forms of varying sizes stacked together, and "Flow" is shaped like a wave or squiggle with squared off ends.
Historical information.
The works are arrayed throughout the neighborhood portion of Riverside Park, creating a path between N. Oakland Avenue and the Urban Ecology Center. According to the "Riverwest Currents," the Urban Ecology Center's goal was to install artwork that would create a pathway to its new building in the southwest corner of Riverside Park. The Milwaukee Arts Board, Murph Burke, and Mary L. Nohl Fund of the Greater Milwaukee Foundation contributed financial support to the project.
Artist.
Peter Flanary grew up in the Milwaukee area, and currently has a studio in Mineral Point, Wisconsin. He was a part-time lecturer in the art department at the University of Wisconsin-Madison His work frequently incorporates rocks and other environmental objects. His creation process is rarely direct. "He tries to grasp the space in its complexity and wants to create something that can be remarked on by people." "He likes material and form and works to have his piece support and work in its environment, growing out of, rather than intruding into the landscape."
Flanary's work is all over Wisconsin, including three pieces at the Urban Ecology Center in Milwaukee.

</doc>
<doc id="36642259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642259" title="Guo Fan">
Guo Fan

Guo Fan (born December 10, 1985 in Fujian) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in sprinting.

</doc>
<doc id="36642260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642260" title="Yaryna Matlo">
Yaryna Matlo

Yaryna Matlo is a Paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category SB12 events.
Yaryna competed as part of the Ukrainian Paralympic swimming team at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, there she won a bronze medal in the 100m breaststroke, finished eighth in the butterfly but failed to make the final of the individual medley.

</doc>
<doc id="36642264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642264" title="Yuliya Volkova (swimmer)">
Yuliya Volkova (swimmer)

Yuliya Volkova is a paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S12 events.
Yuliya competed as part of the Ukrainian paralympic swimming team at bothe the 2004 and 2008 Summer Paralympics. In her first games she won bronze medals in the and freestyle and the breaststroke, she also competed in the 100m freestyle finishing fifth and the 200m individual medley where she finished seventh. In the 2008 games she won a solitary bronze in the 100m butterfly and also finished sixth in the 50m and 100m freestyle, fifth in the 200m individual medley and fourth in the 100m breaststroke.

</doc>
<doc id="36642274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642274" title="1991 LSU Tigers baseball team">
1991 LSU Tigers baseball team

The 1991 LSU Tigers baseball team represented Louisiana State University in the 1991 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Tigers played their home games at Alex Box Stadium. The team was coached by Skip Bertman in his 8th season at LSU.
The Tigers won the College World Series, defeating the Wichita State Shockers in the championship game.
Tigers in the 1991 MLB Draft.
The following members of the LSU Tigers baseball program were drafted in the 1991 Major League Baseball Draft.

</doc>
<doc id="36642276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642276" title="Zheng Dongsheng">
Zheng Dongsheng

Zheng Dongsheng (born 23 January 1992 in Hubei) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in sprinting.

</doc>
<doc id="36642282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642282" title="Tadhg Slattery">
Tadhg Slattery

Tadhg Slattery is a paralympic swimmer from South Africa competing mainly in category SB5 events.
Tadhg competed as part of the South African Paralympic swimming team at five Paralympic games. His first games in 1992 gave him his first Paralympic gold medal in the 100m breaststroke in a world record time as well as finishing fourth in his heat in the 50m freestyle, eighth in the final of the 50m butterfly, seventh in his heat of both the 100m and 400m freestyle. In the 1996 Summer Paralympics he finished second in the 100m breaststroke behind Kasper Engel of the Netherlands who set a new world record, he also competed in the 50m freestyle finishing 28th in the heats, 50m butterfly where he finished ninth in the heats just missing the final and finished fourth in the final of the 200m medley. At his third games in 2000 he again won silver in the 100m breaststroke behind Kasper and added a second in the 200m medley behind the new world record set by Sascha Kindred of Great Britain, as well as finishing seventh in the 50m butterfly. Tadhg won gold again in 2004 Summer Paralympics in the 100m breaststroke, beating his old rival Kasper Engel he also competed in the 200m medley finishing sixth but could not make the final of the 50m butterfly. His fifth games in 2008 led to his first bronze medal, in his favoured 100m breaststroke and finished last in his heat in the 200m individual medley.

</doc>
<doc id="36642291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642291" title="Scott Field (swimmer)">
Scott Field (swimmer)

Scott Field is a paralympic swimmer from South Africa competing mainly in category S13 events.
Scott competed in two Paralympics as part of the South African swimming team. His first games were in 2000 where he won silver in both the 50m and 100m freestyle, added a bronze on the 100m butterfly and finished fifth in the 200m medley. In the 2004 he again won silver in the 100m freestyle, but could only manage bronze in the 50m freestyle he did however add silvers in both the 400m freestyle and 100m butterfly.

</doc>
<doc id="36642318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642318" title="1982 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1982 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1982 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 12 teams. The national champions were Atlético San Cristóbal.

</doc>
<doc id="36642328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642328" title="The Best of Woodstock">
The Best of Woodstock

The Best of Woodstock is a 1-CD live compilation album of the 1969 Woodstock Festival in Bethel, New York. Its release marked the 25th Anniversary of the festival. It contains tracks which were already released on the original ' album. Shortly after the album's release, Atlantic Records released a much longer 4-CD box set entitled ', which contained tracks from the original album, "Woodstock 2", and numerous additional, previously-unreleased performances from the festival, but not the stage announcements and crowd noises. 
Track listing.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36642331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642331" title="Brian J. Martin">
Brian J. Martin

Brian J. Martin is an American education and political figure who currently serves as Headmaster of Lowell High School in Lowell, Massachusetts He previously served as Lowell's Mayor and City Manager.
Early life.
Martin attended Lowell High School, where he was a star baseball player. He attended the University of Massachusetts Amherst and was a member of the UMass Minutemen baseball team. After graduating, Martin worked as a teacher, coach, and administrator at Greater Lowell Technical High School.
City councilor and mayor.
In 1981, Martin was elected to the Lowell City Council. In 1983 he was chosen by his fellow councilors to serve as Mayor of Lowell, a strictly ceremonial role as the city is administrated by a professional city manager. At the age of 33, he was the youngest mayor in the city's history.
City manager.
Martin remained on the city council until 1988, when he stepped down to become assistant city manager of Lowell. He was a contender for the city manager's job in 1991 when James Campbell stepped down, but Taunton Mayor Richard Johnson was chosen instead. He remained assistant city manager under Johnson and in 1995 succeeded him as city manager. In 2000, Martin left the city manager's post to work in the private sector.
Later career.
In 2003, Martin was named interim president and general manager of the Lowell Lock Monsters of the American Hockey League. At the end of the 2004-05 AHL season, he left the Lock Monsters to become Athletic Director at Lowell High School. In November 2007 he left LHS to work for Congresswoman Niki Tsongas. He worked in her Lowell office as District Director and Senior Advisor on Economic Development. In 2013 Martin was named Headmaster of Lowell High School.

</doc>
<doc id="36642332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642332" title="2012 Finger Lakes 355 at The Glen">
2012 Finger Lakes 355 at The Glen

The 2012 Finger Lakes 355 at The Glen was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on August 12, 2012 at the Watkins Glen International in Watkins Glen, New York. Contested over 90 laps, it was the twenty-second race of the 2012 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season and the second of two road course competitions on the schedule. After the tragedy at the previous race, the track prepared in the event that thunderstorms pass through the track. The track had set up more than 30 police cars with loudspeakers, nine television screens, and the staff has text message availabilities, all intended on warning fans of any thunderstorms approaching. Marcos Ambrose, from the Richard Petty Motorsports racing team, won the race ahead of Brad Keselowski. Jimmie Johnson finished in the third position.
Report.
Background.
The course, Watkins Glen International, is one of two road courses to hold NASCAR races, the other being Sonoma Raceway. The standard short road course at Watkins Glen International is a 7-turn course that is long; the track was modified in 1992, adding "the Inner Loop", which lengthened the long course to and the short course to the current length of . Marcos Ambrose was the defending race winner after winning the race in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36642341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642341" title="Cao Shuo">
Cao Shuo

Cao Shuo (born 1991 in Hebei) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in the triple jump.

</doc>
<doc id="36642348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642348" title="Horace H. Smith">
Horace H. Smith

Horace Harrison Smith (October 5, 1905 - 1976) was an American diplomat. He was a career diplomat of the United States Foreign Service, and was the United States Ambassador to Laos from 1958 to 1960.
Biography.
Horace H. Smith was born in Xenia, Greene County, on October 30, 1905. He later joined the U.S. Foreign Service and became a career officer some time later. In 1932 he was a U.S. Vice Consul in Guangzhou. In 1938 he was a U.S. Consul in Jinan. On March 26, 1958, President Eisenhower nominated Smith to be the United States Ambassador to Laos. He presented his credentials on April 9, 1958, and served in that position until June 21, 1960. He died in 1976 at about 70 years of age.

</doc>
<doc id="36642350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642350" title="Dance Again (disambiguation)">
Dance Again (disambiguation)

Dance Again is a song by Jennifer Lopez
Dance Again may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36642363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642363" title="Sunday Rock">
Sunday Rock

Sunday Rock is a historic natural feature located at South Colton in St. Lawrence County, New York. It is an oblong glacial erratic measuring 11 feet high and weighing 64,000 pounds. It was moved in 1925 to make way for a highway and moved again in 1956, when the highway was widened. It is located in a public roadside park, with two concrete monuments to commemorate its moves and the organizations that arranged for them.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36642366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642366" title="2012–13 St. Bonaventure Bonnies men's basketball team">
2012–13 St. Bonaventure Bonnies men's basketball team

The 2012–13 St. Bonaventure Bonnies men's basketball team represented St. Bonaventure University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bonnies, led by sixth year head coach Mark Schmidt, played their home games at the Reilly Center and were members of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 14–15, 7–9 in A-10 play to finish in a three way tie for 11th place. A year after being tournament champions, they failed to quaily for the Atlantic 10 Tournament.
Schedule.
!colspan=12| Exhibition
!colspan=12| Regular Season

</doc>
<doc id="36642374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642374" title="Qin Qiang">
Qin Qiang

Qin Qiang () is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in the javelin throw.

</doc>
<doc id="36642388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642388" title="Edge Elements">
Edge Elements

Edge Elements is a public sculpture by Richard Hansen located at South Shore Park on the south side of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. "Edge Elements" is a series of five sculptures. The group of sculptures was commissioned by the Milwaukee County Percent for Art Program.
Description.
Each sculpture is made of several large pieces of Wisconsin red granite arranged in a different formation. Several sculptures also incorporate carved elements made of white granite. The forms of the individual sculpture all offer seating and views of Lake Michigan. Each sculpture is set on a square bed of crushed stone. 
Historical information.
Funds for "Edge Elements" were made available during the five-year redevelopment of South Shore Park, which included improvements to its bike path, breakwater, and shoreline. The budget for the artwork was $110,000. 
In June 2007, the South Shore Park Watch offered a tour of the artworks as part of an area-wide celebration of the 100th anniversary of the Milwaukee County Parks System. In 2008, "Edge Elements" was selected by Jodi Pinto and Ted Landsmark for recognition by the Americans for the Arts Public Art Network as an outstanding project in its "Year in Review."

</doc>
<doc id="36642405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642405" title="1983 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1983 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1983 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 10 teams. The national champions were Universidad de Los Andes.

</doc>
<doc id="36642419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642419" title="Palais d’Antoniadis">
Palais d’Antoniadis

The Palais d’Antoniadis is a palace in Alexandria, Egypt, named after "Sir John Antoniadis". Sir John Antoniadis (1818-1895) was an Alexandrian Greek. He was born in Lemnos and received the French Citizenship when he made business in Marseilles. He was also president of the Greek Community in Alexandria and consul general of Belgium. Queen Victoria knighted Antoniadis.

</doc>
<doc id="36642420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642420" title="Karol Karlík">
Karol Karlík

Karol Karlík (born 29 June 1986 in Nitra) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Gambrinus Liga club FC Vysočina Jihlava.

</doc>
<doc id="36642421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642421" title="Dancenoise">
Dancenoise

Dancenoise is an American performance art duo created by Anne Iobst and Lucy Sexton. Dancenoise entered the New York and Washington, D.C., art and club scene in 1983, performing at venues such as WOW Café, the Pyramid, 8BC, Performance Space 122, Franklin Furnace, The Kitchen, La Mama and King Tut’s Wah Wah Hut. Their work has also been presented around Europe as well as at the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts. In addition to their work under the title "Dancenoise", Iobst and Sexton, along with Jo Andres and Mimi Goese, were frequent collaborators with Tom Murrin, an East Village performance artist known for his monthly celebrations in honor of the full moon. Dancenoise is a recipient of National Endowment of the Arts Choreographic Fellowships and a Bessie Award for New York Dance and Theatre. 
In 2010, Sexton became the producer of the Bessie Awards and, as of August, 2012, was overhauling the award to consider a broader range of dance genres, extend the award's notoriety, and offer a commissioned prize to artists.

</doc>
<doc id="36642430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642430" title="Hu Yadan">
Hu Yadan

Hu Yadan (19 January 1996) is a Chinese diver.

</doc>
<doc id="36642453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642453" title="Oman Professional League Cup">
Oman Professional League Cup

The Oman Professional League Cup () previously known as the Oman Federation Cup is an Omani football competition. The first edition was played in 2007 and was known as the Oman FA Cup. The competition was not played again until 2012.
The competition tends to feature all clubs currently playing in the top flight. The Professional League Cup ranks far below the prestigious Sultan Qaboos Cup in terms of domestic competitions.
Championship History.
Cities.
The following table lists the Omani League champions by cities.

</doc>
<doc id="36642458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642458" title="Buddhist Geeks">
Buddhist Geeks

Buddhist Geeks is a podcast, on-line magazine and annual conference with a primary focus on American Buddhism. It was established in 2006 by Vince Horn and Ryan Oelke. Past guests have included Brad Warner, Shinzen Young, and B. Alan Wallace.
Jack Kornfield commented on the first Buddhist Geeks conference was: "It's clear that the electronic virtual interconnected web and on-line world is the wild way the Dharma stream is flowing, and the geeks have their minds dialed into the revolutionary next generation." In 2012, Vincent Horn and Rohan Gunatillake were featured in Wired UK's Smart List 2012.
History.
Founders Vince Horn and Ryan Oelke noticed how there was little in the media specifically addressing the interests of Westerners in Buddhism, and decided to create a podcast to fill the gap. It first appeared in 2007. Horn and Oelke were both Religious Studies students of Naropa University, a Buddhist-inspired liberal arts college in Boulder, Colorado. Gwen Bell joined within six months, and remained with the team for approximately one year.
Podcast.
By 2010, podcast downloads had exceeded 1 million. To date, more than 260 episodes have been produced, including interviews, dharma talks, and other topics of interest to people involved in modern Buddhist teaching and practice. These often include explorations of the interface between Buddhism and branches of modern science, such as neurology or game theory. Occasionally interviewees have been invited from outside the Buddhist community, where their concerns might present matters of interest to Buddhist practitioners.
Online Magazine.
To support increasing interest from the Buddhist community, the website or Online Magazine was updated in 2009. The Buddhist Geeks website is the online magazine, with pages for each podcast episode as the primary content, with additional video media and blog posts.
Conference.
In 2010 Buddhist Geeks left the purely digital world with its first in-person event, the Buddhist Geeks Conference. The first event, held in the summer of 2011 in Los Angeles, has been featured in many publications, including Tricycle, Fast Company, and the LA Times. Since then the conference has become an annual event, featuring talks, round table discussions, and meditation.
The Buddhist Geeks Conference 2012 took place August 9 through 11th in the University Memorial Center on the Colorado University campus; the 2013 Conference was in the same venue, August 16 through 18th.
Organization.
Buddhist Geeks is a for-benefit hybrid, or Fourth Sector organization, in the interest of reflecting contemplative values in the organizational model. "For-Benefits represent a new paradigm in organizational design. At all levels, they aim to link two concepts, which are held as a false dichotomy in other models: private interest and public benefit. For-Benefits seek to maximize benefit to all stakeholders, and because of their architecture, they can embody some of the best attributes of other organizational forms. They strive to be transparent, accountable, effective, efficient, democratic, inclusive, open, and cooperative."

</doc>
<doc id="36642464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642464" title="Young Memorial Church">
Young Memorial Church

Young Memorial Church, also known as Brier Hill Congregational Church, is a historic Congregational church in the hamlet of Brier Hill in Morristown, St. Lawrence County, New York. It was built in 1907-1908, and is a one-story, stone and wood shingled church building in the Arts and Crafts style. It features a steeply pitched gable roof, tall stone chimney, opaque art glass windows by Harry James Horwood, and central two-story square tower with a crenelated top.
The church building housed a Congregational church until the 1950s. Subsequently it was used by a Baptist congregation until 1985. As of 2010, it had not been used since the Baptist group left.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36642469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642469" title="Bruno Bernard">
Bruno Bernard

Bruno Bernard (February 2, 1912 – March 10, 1987) also known as Bernard of Hollywood, was an American photographer best known for pin-up and glamour photography of stars like Marilyn Monroe.
Early life.
Bernard was born into poverty on February 2, 1912 in Berlin, Germany. He was put into an orphanage by parents who could not afford to support him. In 1923, his parents gave him a Rolleiflex camera, which led to a lifelong interest in photography.
He attended Kiel University, where, in 1934, he earned a doctorate in criminal psychology. He became general secretary of a Jewish youth organization, which led to his name appearing on a Gestapo hit list. In 1937, he fled to America from Nazi Germany, claiming to German authorities that he was leaving the country to continue his graduate studies. He did attend the University of California, Berkeley where he planned to continue his education but soon became interested in the arts. In 1940, he became a directorial apprentice at the Reinhardt School of the Theatre, opened by Max Reinhardt on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles.
Career in Hollywood.
Unable to get a job as a director, however, Bruno returned to his interest in photography. In 1938 he set up a darkroom in the basement of his Los Angeles apartment. Inspired by his background in psychology, what he learned about directing, and collaboration with Alberto Vargas, Bruno developed a unique portrait style that he called the "posed candid"; a style that evolved into what is now known as "pin-up" photography. Bernard preferred moderate use of artificial light. He preferred natural light like sun at the beach, and sometimes added a flash to his light concept. He never had any formal training in photography and credited his success to "two good teachers, trial and error".
By 1940, Bruno's basement darkroom had become his first studio. He started out taking photos of the wives and children of the directors and producers he had come to know through his apprenticeship. As he began making money, he opened a proper studio at 9055 Sunset Blvd. As word spread, he soon came to the attention of agents and other Hollywood professionals who sent actresses his way for photo shoots. He became known as "Bernard of Hollywood". Bernard is credited with first photographing Monroe at the Racquet Club in Palm Springs, California, in 1947, when she was still Norma Jean, who later became known as Marilyn Monroe and is said to have told Bernard, "Remember, Bernie, you started it all".
In the early 1950s, Bernard fought obscenity charges that ended with a case in the U. S. Supreme Court. He submitted as part of his defense a letter from then-General Dwight D. Eisenhower, who was a fan of Bernard's pinup photography. The letter thanks Bernard for the morale-building effect of his pinups during World War II. Bernard's daughter Susan Bernard has made the case that the pinup style popularized by Bernard and his friend Vargas was "celebrating and empowering women rather than exploiting them".
In the 1960s, he moved back to Berlin. He was a photojournalist for the German magazine "Der Spiegel" for the Eichmann Trial in Israel.
In 1984, Bernard became the first still photographer to be honored by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences with a 50-year retrospective of his work. In 1999, his photo "Marilyn in White", of Monroe in her wind-blown dress from the movie "The Seven Year Itch" (1955), was selected as the "Symbol of the Century" by the Museum of Modern Art in New York. The same photograph was also chosen by the International Center of Photography as one of the "20 Unforgettable Photographs".
In the 1980s Bernard was living in Palm Springs and writing his memoirs. He died of cancer on March 10, 1987 at the age 75 in Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="36642483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642483" title="John de Ludlow">
John de Ludlow

John de Ludlow (also Ludlaw) was an English medieval university chancellor.
In 1290, John de Ludlow was Chancellor of the University of Oxford, resigning in the same year. 

</doc>
<doc id="36642492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642492" title="The Haunted (1991 film)">
The Haunted (1991 film)

The Haunted is a 1991 made-for-TV haunted house film directed by Robert Mandel and starring Sally Kirkland who received a Golden Globe nomination for her performance. The film depicts the events surrounding the Smurl haunting.
Plot.
The Smurl family move into their new home on Chase Street only to find that it is plagued with three spirits and a demon. The demon wants to destroy their family and they are constantly desperate until they find the Warren family to get rid of them. 
Reception.
Sally Kirkland was nominated for Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film, but lost against Judy Davis of "One Against the Wind".

</doc>
<doc id="36642508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642508" title="Cathedral of Evangelismos">
Cathedral of Evangelismos

The Cathedral of Evangelismos in Alexandria was built in "neo-Gothic rather than neo-Byzantine style" in 1844 and dedicated in 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="36642512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642512" title="Portuguese São Tomé and Príncipe">
Portuguese São Tomé and Príncipe

São Tomé and Príncipe islands were a colony of the Portuguese Empire from its discovery in 1470 until 1975, when independence was granted by Portugal.
The Portuguese explorers João de Santarém and Pêro Escobar discovered the islands around 1470, which they found uninhabited. The São Tomé island was named by the Portuguese in honor of Saint Thomas, as they discovered the island on his feast day, while the Príncipe island (Prince's island) was named in honor of the Prince of Portugal.
The first attempt of settlement in the islands begun in 1485, when the Portuguese Crown granted to João de Paiva the São Tomé island. However, this attempt was not successful, because the settlers were unable to produce food in the specific conditions and climate that the islands offered, and because of the tropical diseases that affected the settlers. It was only in 1493 when King John II of Portugal nominated Álvaro Caminha as captain-major of São Tomé island, that the first successful settlement was established. Among these Portuguese settlers, there was a significant portion of Jewish children taken from their parents to ensure that they were raised as Christians, criminals and orphans. Settlement of the Príncipe island was initiated in 1500.
In the following years, the Portuguese settlers started to import large numbers of slaves from mainland Africa to cultivate the rich volcanic soil of São Tomé island with highly profitable sugar cane. By the middle of the 16th century São Tomé generated enormous wealth to Portugal when it became the world's largest producer of sugar.
In the first decade of the 17th century, the competition of sugar plantations from the Portuguese colony of Brazil and the frequent slave revolts that occurred in the island, begun to slowly hurt the sugar crop cultivation. This meant the decline of the sugar production, and the shifting of the local economy towards the slave trade, who remained mostly in the hands of the local "mestiço" population. The geographical location of the islands made them a crucial trading post of the transatlantic slave trade, as they served as an assembly point of the slaves brought from the Gulf of Guinea and the Kingdom of Kongo and destined to the Americas.
The Dutch occupied the São Tomé island in 1641, until 1648 when the Portuguese took back the island. The Dutch, however, did not take Príncipe island.
In 1753, because of the frequent attacks by pirates and corsairs, the capital of the São Tomé island was transferred to Santo António on Príncipe, and the islands started being ruled as a single colony, with only one Governor. It was only in 1852 when the capital was transferred back to São Tomé island.
At the beginning of the 19th century, the Portuguese introduced coffee and cocoa in extensive large-scale plantations called "roças", thus giving a great boost to the economy. The coffee production cycle ended in the late 19th century, when it was replaced by cocoa as the islands main production. São Tomé and Príncipe then became a major global cocoa production area for several generations, and on the first decades of the 20th century, it was frequently the world's annual number one cocoa producer.
In 1972, a nationalist political party of Marxist ideology, the Movement for the Liberation of São Tomé and Príncipe, was created by exiles in Equatorial Guinea with the intent of creating an independent nation. The Carnation Revolution in 1974, ended with the Estado Novo dictatorship in Portugal and initiated a process of decolonization of the Portuguese colonies in Africa. In 12 July 1975, the new Portuguese regime granted independence to São Tomé and Príncipe.

</doc>
<doc id="36642525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642525" title="1984 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1984 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1984 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 11 teams. The national champions were Deportivo Táchira.

</doc>
<doc id="36642535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642535" title="2012 Lebanese Elite Cup">
2012 Lebanese Elite Cup

The 2012 Lebanese Elite Cup is the 15th edition of this football tournament in Lebanon. The competition started on 4 August. This tournament includes the six best teams from the 2011–12 Lebanese Premier League season.

</doc>
<doc id="36642547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642547" title="Ryeland (surname)">
Ryeland (surname)

Ryeland is an uncommon surname found in England, Canada and Australia. Any connection to the breed of sheep is unknown.
The Ryeland Family Tree being researched by Timothy Ryeland of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada has traced this family back as far as James Ryeland born around the year 1788 in Burford, Oxfordshire, England and lists 713 descendants of James Ryeland and his wife Sarah James.
Recent DNA testing on the Y Chromosome through a surname project at FamilyTreeDNA has shown a close connection between the surname Ryeland and other surnames such as Ryland and Rylant.

</doc>
<doc id="36642559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642559" title="Ernest Ford (cricketer)">
Ernest Ford (cricketer)

Ernest Claudius Bramhall Ford (23 July 1855 – 19 June 1900) was an English cricketer. Ford was a right-handed batsman who fielded as a wicket-keeper. He was born at Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, and was educated a Clifton College.
Ford made his first-class debut for Gloucestershire against Surrey at The Oval in 1874. He made five further first-class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Sussex in 1875 at the County Ground, Hove. In his six first-class matches, he scored a total of 75 runs at an average of 10.71, with a high score of 32 not out.
He died at Southend-on-Sea, Essex, on 19 June 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="36642562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642562" title="Pierre-César Abeille">
Pierre-César Abeille

Pierre-César Abeille (1674 - after 1733) was a French composer. Born in the Salon-de-Provence of southern France, he was baptized on 24 February 1674. He was the son of Jean Abeille, a royal notary.
From 1699 to 1700, Abeille was "maître de chapelle" of the primate's Church of St. Trophime, Arles. When he was succeeded by Fançois Pétouille, he was "vicaire de choeur" and "maitre de musique" at the royal parish church of Saint-Germain l'Auxerrois in Paris.
Music.
Abeille's best known work is the two volume set "Psalms of David", dedicated to Madame de Maintenon. It is a set of 150 psalms that alternate among airs, duets, and ritornellos. The pieces are generally performed in a concertante style.

</doc>
<doc id="36642582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642582" title="Elmwood (Grafton, North Dakota)">
Elmwood (Grafton, North Dakota)

Elmwood is a house in or near Grafton, North Dakota that was built in 1895 in Late Victorian architecture. It is located in an oxbow of the Park River. It has also been known as Williamson House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985. The listing included two contributing buildings.
It was built by C.A.M. Spencer, who was North Dakota's second Attorney General.

</doc>
<doc id="36642594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642594" title="Virginia Waters">
Virginia Waters

Virginia Waters (foaled 15 February 2002) is an American-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. In a racing career which lasted from September 2004 to October 2005 she ran twelve times and won three races. After winning once from four starts as a two-year-old, she won the Group Three Leopardstown 1,000 Guineas Trial Stakes on her first appearance of 2005. She then recorded her most important success when winning the Classic 1000 Guineas two of her six races including an upset win in the Group Two Rockfel Stakes at Newmarket Racecourse. Virginia Waters failed to win her remaining six races, her best results coming when she finished fourth in the Epsom Oaks and second in the Matron Stakes. At the end of her three-year-old season she was retired from racing to become a broodmare.
Background.
Virginia Waters, a bay horse with a broad white blaze and three white socks, was bred in Kentucky by Barnett Enterprises, a breeding company associated with the Coolmore Stud. Her dam Legend Maker, won the Group Three Prix de Royaumont for Michael Tabor in 1997. Apart from Virginia Waters, her foals include Alexander of Hales a colt who won the Gallinule Stakes and finished second in the Irish Derby. As a descendant of the broodmare Sunbittern, Virginia Waters was also related to the Epsom Derby winner High-Rise and the Breeders' Cup Turf winner In The Wings. Virginia Waters' sire, Kingmambo was a highly successful breeding stallion. His progeny included the British Classic winners Russian Rhythm, Light Shift, King's Best, Henrythenavigator and Rule of Law as well as major winners in Japan (El Condor Pasa), France (Divine Proportions) and the United States (Lemon Drop Kid).
Like many Coolmore horses, the details of Virginia Waters' ownership altered from race to race. For some of her races she was owned by Susan Magnier, while in others she was officially owned in partnership by Susan Magnier and Michael Tabor. She was trained throughout her career by Aidan O'Brien at Ballydoyle.
Racing career.
Virginia Waters debut in September 2004 was unusual, in that she bypassed maiden races and was sent straight into Group race competition. Ridden by Seamie Heffernan she started at 14/1 and finished eighth of the eleven runners in the Round Tower Stakes at the Curragh. Two weeks later, she recorded her first win when she easily beat nine opponents in the Loder EBF Fillies Stakes at the same course. In October she finished third to Jazz Princess in the Group Three Meld Stakes and second to Bibury Fyler in a Listed race.
On her first appearance as a three-year-old, Virginia Waters started 5/2 second favourite for the Leopardstown 1000 Guineas Trial on 10 April. Ridden by Kieran Fallon, who had recently taken over the job as first jockey for Coolmore, she showed improved form to take the lead inside the final furlong and won by three lengths. Three weeks later, Virginia Waters was one of twenty fillies who contested the 1000 Guineas, a race in which she ran over a mile for the first time and raced on firm ground for the first time since her debut. The betting for the race was unusually open, with the Barry Hills-trained Maids Causeway starting favourite on 5/1 and Virginia Waters being made the 12/1 sixth choice. Fallon restrained the filly in the early stages before moving forward in the last quarter mile. Virginia Waters took the lead a furlong from the finish and won by two and a half lengths from Maid's Causeway. The win completed a rare double for Coolmore, O'Brien, and Fallon who had won the 2000 Guineas with Footstepsinthesand a day earlier. No owner-trainer-jockey combination had achieved the double since King George VI, Fred Darling and Gordon Richards won the races with Big Game and Sun Chariot in 1942.
Virginia Waters' subsequent form was disappointing. Three weeks after her win at Newmarket she started 11/10 favourite for the Irish 1000 Guineas but finished unplaced behind Saoire on soft ground. When it became clear that the ground at Epsom was likely to be firm, the filly's owners paid a supplementary entry of £20,000 to run her in the Oaks. She was made joint-favourite for the race but after moving into third place in the straight she weakened in the closing stages to finish fourth behind Eswarah. Later that month she finished unplaced behind Maids Causeway in the Coronation Stakes at "Royal Ascot" (run that year at York) when Fallon rejected her in favour of Magnier's other runner, Damson. In July she was unplaced in the Nassau Stakes at Goodwood behind Alexander Goldrun.
In September at Leopardstown, Virginia Waters produced her best performance since her classic success when she finished a close third behind the English challengers Attraction and Chic in the Group One Matron Stakes. On her final racecourse appearance, Virginia Waters finished last of the ten runners, beaten forty-seven lengths by the winner Peeress in the Sun Chariot Stakes on soft ground at Newmarket.
Stud record.
Virginia Waters retired to become part of the Coolmores Stud's breeding operation. She has been sent to leading stallions including Storm Cat and Danehill Dancer, but the only winner from her first four foals has been the colt Emperor Claudius, by Giant's Causeway, who won a Listed race at the Curragh in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36642597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642597" title="Jerry Jordan">
Jerry Jordan

Jerry L. Jordan is a former Member of President Ronald Reagan's Council of Economic Advisers and former President and Chief Executive Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland
Jordan attended California State University, Northridge where he earned a B.A. in Economics (1963). He continued his education at the University of California at Los Angeles where he earned his Ph.D. in Economics (1969).
He was employed at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis from 1967 up until 1975, ending with the position as Senior Vice President and Director of Research. From 1971 to 1972 he was on assignment as an Economic Consultant with Deutsche Bundesbank in Frankfurt, Germany. Following his 8 year employment at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, Jordan was employed as the Senior Vice President and Economist at Pittsburgh National Bank from 1975 to 1980. From July 1980 to March 1981 and August 1982 to January 1985, Jordan held the position as Dean and Professor at the Robert O. Anderson School of Management located at the University of New Mexico. During the break in his employment at the University of New Mexico Jordan was a member of President Ronald Reagan's Council of Economic Advisers from April 1981 to July 1982. After his stay at the University of New Mexico he attained employment as the Senior Vice President and Chief Economist at First Interstate Bancorp from 1985 to 1992. In 1992 Jordan returned to work at the Federal Reserve, but this time at the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland where he was the President and Chief Executive Officer until 2003.
Jordan is currently the President of the Pacific Academy for Advanced Studies, a member of the Board of Trustees of the Foundation for Research in Economics and Education, and a Senior Fellow of the Fraser Institute.and an Adjunct Scholar of the Cato Institute
Education.
Bachelor of Arts in Economics (1963)
California State University, Northridge
Doctor of Philosophy in Economics (1969)
University of California, Los Angeles

</doc>
<doc id="36642599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642599" title="Fornes, Nordland">
Fornes, Nordland

Fornes is a village in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway. It is located on the northeastern part of the large island of Hinnøya, at the confluence of the Risøysundet, Sortlandssundet, and Gavlfjorden. The village is the home of Fornes Chapel.

</doc>
<doc id="36642608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642608" title="1985 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1985 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1985 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 10 teams. The national champions were Estudiantes de Mérida.

</doc>
<doc id="36642627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642627" title="Mahatma Gandhi Memorial (Milwaukee)">
Mahatma Gandhi Memorial (Milwaukee)

The Mahatma Gandhi Memorial is a public sculpture by Gautam Pal located at the Milwaukee County Courthouse in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Description.
The sculpture depicts Indian civil rights leader Mahatma Gandhi dressed in traditional attire and walking with a long staff. His head is bald, and his chest, shoulders, and legs are bare. He wears glasses and his gaze is directed toward the path he is walking. He wears sandals. The figure is oriented away from the Courthouse, appearing to walk eastward toward downtown and Lake Michigan.
The sculpture stands on a tapered red granite base on which bronze plaques are mounted on four sides to display texts. Placement between Courthouse doors labeled "TRUTH" and "JUSTICE" reinforces the message of the sculpture.
Historical information.
The Wisconsin Coalition of Asian Indian Organizations (WCAIO) raised $12,000 for the sculpture and its installation. WCAIO represents 16 Indian American groups in the Milwaukee area. The Indian Council for Cultural Relations also provided support. Kumar Dhaliwal, retired dean of the Marquette University School of Dentistry, and his wife Darshan led the campaign to bring the sculpture to Milwaukee and donated $25,000. Dhaliwal told the "India-West Newspaper", "Mahatma Gandhi's messages are not only of importance to prevent violence in the world, but also domestic violence and violence in the streets."
Milwaukee County accepted the offer to donate the sculpture and initially proposed ten possible sites. The Indian American community selected the site at MacArthur Square because "it's a beautiful, serene setting."
The sculpture was unveiled on October 5, 2002, and the dedication event included a peace march, speeches by Wisconsin elected officials and Indian Ambassador Lalit Mansingh, and singing of "bhajans". According to the "India-West Newspaper", 850 people attended the dedication.
The sculpture is a gathering place for the local Indian American community and for peace activists holding vigils. The sculpture regularly receives "g`ajra" flower garlands. The area surrounding the sculpture was named India-America Friendship Park in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36642635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642635" title="William de Kingescote">
William de Kingescote

William de Kingescote was an English medieval university chancellor.
During 1289–90, William de Kingescote was Chancellor of the University of Oxford. He was admitted by the Bishop of Lincoln, Oliver Sutton. 

</doc>
<doc id="36642637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642637" title="Les Beehre">
Les Beehre

Les Beehre is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country in the 1975 World Cup.
Playing career.
Beehre played in the Auckland Rugby League competition and represented Auckland. In 1975 he was selected in the New Zealand Kiwis' squad for the 1975 World Cup, however did not play in a match at the tournament. In 1981 Beehre played in the Auckland side that defeated the touring French side 20-10 at Carlaw Park.

</doc>
<doc id="36642638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642638" title="Nothing Left to Fear">
Nothing Left to Fear

Nothing Left to Fear may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36642663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642663" title="Feedtime (album)">
Feedtime (album)

feedtime is the debut album of noise rock band feedtime, released independently in 1985.
Track listing.
All songs written by feedtime.

</doc>
<doc id="36642673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642673" title="Park River (North Dakota)">
Park River (North Dakota)

The Park River in North Dakota is a river. Park River is a tributary of the Red River of the North.
Elmwood (Grafton, North Dakota), a house listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located by it.

</doc>
<doc id="36642694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642694" title="1979 South American U-20 Championship">
1979 South American U-20 Championship

The South American Youth Championship 1979 was held in Montevideo and Paysandú, Uruguay. It also served as qualification for the 1979 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
First Round.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Final Round.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The two best performing teams qualified directly for the 1979 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Paraguay also qualified, after winning an intercontinental play-off against Israel and Australia. Matches were played in Asunción, Paraguay.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36642716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642716" title="District No. 70-Hoff Rural School">
District No. 70-Hoff Rural School

District No. 70-Hoff Rural School near Adams, North Dakota was built in 1885. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36642730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642730" title="Senate bean soup">
Senate bean soup

U.S. Senate Bean Soup or simply Senate bean soup is a soup made with navy beans, ham hocks, and onion. It is served in the dining room of the United States Senate every day, in a tradition that dates to the early 20th century. The original version included celery, garlic, parsley, and mashed potatoes as well.
Tradition.
According to the Senate website, "Bean soup is on the menu in the Senate's restaurant every day. There are several stories about the origin of that mandate, but none has been corroborated."
On September 14, 1943, rationing due to World War II left the Senate kitchen without enough navy beans to serve the soup. The "Washington Times-Herald" reported on its absence the following day. In a speech on the Senate floor in 1988, Bob Dole recounted the response to the crisis: "Somehow, by the next day, more beans were found and bowls of bean soup have been ladled up without interruption ever since."
Recipes.
Senate versions.
A 1967 memo from the Architect of the Capitol to the Librarian of the Senate describes the modern recipe, calling for "two pounds of small Michigan Navy Beans".
John Egerton writes in "Southern Food" that the use of ham hocks suggests an origin in Southern cuisine. Although the legislators credited with institutionalizing the soup did not represent Southern states, most of the cooks at the time were black Southerners who would prepare bean soup in their own style. There was a period when the Senate dining services omitted the ham and instead used a soup base. In 1984, a new manager discovered this practice; he reflects, "we went back to the ham hocks, and there was a real difference."
Reviews and variants.
According to "The Best Soups in the World", "most reports ... suggest that it unfortunately leaves a lot to be desired."
Availability.
As of 2010, members of the public can try the soup between 11:30am and 3pm in the Senate dining room. There is a dress code, and entry requires a "request letter" from a senator. The soup is also available to the general public at the Capitol Visitor Center restaurant on a rotating basis, between 7:30am and 4pm, and in the Longworth Cafeteria, between 7:30am and 2:30pm.
The Project Greek Island bunker, a Cold War-era emergency relocation center for Congress, included a cafeteria that would have served Senate bean soup.
Past prices for a bowl include:

</doc>
<doc id="36642752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642752" title="Sergei Efron">
Sergei Efron

Sergei Yakovlevich Efron (Russian: Серге́й Я́ковлевич Эфро́н; 8 October 1893 – 16 October 1941), nicknamed Seryozha, was Russian poet, officer of White Army and husband of Marina Tsvetaeva. While in emigration, he was recruited by the Soviet NKVD. After returning to USSR from France, he was executed.
Family life.
Sergei was born in Moscow. He was the sixth of nine children born to Elizaveta Durnovo (1853–1910) and Yakov Konstantinovich Efron (1854–1909). Both were Russian revolutionaries and members of the Black Repartition. Yakov worked as an insurance agent and died of cancer in 1909. The following year Elizaveta found one of her sons had committed suicide and soon after that day, killed herself. Yakov was from a Jewish family, while Elizaveta came from a line of Russian nobility and merchants; Yakov converted to the Lutheran faith to marry Elizaveta.
Efron contracted tuberculosis as a teenager and his mental and physical health was strained further upon learning of his mother's death. After becoming a student at Moscow University, Sergei volunteered for the military as a male nurse. Due to his poor health, though, he was unable to serve in that capacity. Instead, he enrolled in the officer cadet academy.
When Efron was a 17 year old cadet in the officers' academy, he met 19 year old Marina Tsvetaeva on May 5, 1911 at Koktebel ("Blue Height"), a well-known Crimean haven for writers, poets and artists. They fell in love and were married in January, 1912. While they had an intense relationship, Tsvetaeva had affairs, such as those with Osip Mandelstam and poet Sofia Parnok.
Tsvetaeva and her husband spent summers in the Crimea until the revolution. They had two daughters: Ariadna, or Alya (born 1912) and Irina (born 1917), and one son, Georgy.
Russian revolution.
Efron volunteered for the military in 1914 and by 1917 he was an officer stationed in Moscow with the 56th Reserve. In October 1917 he participated in the battles with the Bolsheviks in Moscow, then he joined the White Army and participated in the Ice March and defense of the Crimea, while Marina returned to Moscow hoping to be reunited with her husband. During that time, though, the relationship between Efron and Tsvetaeva was severely strained with very little communication between the two. Efron was particularly disenchanted with what he felt was a revolution largely unsupported by the Russian people, the expression of which inspired Tsvetaeva's "Daybreak on the Rails."
She was trapped in Moscow for five years, where there was a terrible famine. The Moscow famine was to exact a toll on Tsvetaeva. Starvation and worry were to erode her looks. With no immediate family to turn to, she had no way to support herself or her daughters. In 1919, she placed both her daughters in a state orphanage, mistakenly believing that she would be better fed there. Alya became ill and Tsvetaeva removed her but Irina died there of starvation in 1920.
Post revolution.
At the end of the revolution, Efron emigrated to Berlin. There in May 1922, Efron was reunited in Berlin with his wife, Tsvetaeva, and daughter Ariadna who had left the Soviet Union. In August 1922, the family moved to Prague. Living in unremitting poverty, unable to afford living accommodation in Prague itself, with Efron studying politics and sociology at the Charles University and living in hostels, Tsvetaeva and Ariadna found rooms in a village outside the city. She writes "we are devoured by coal, gas, the milkman, the baker...the only meat we eat is horse-meat".
In summer 1924, Efron and Tsvetaeva left Prague for the suburbs, living for a while in Jíloviště, before moving on to Všenory, where Tsvetaeva conceived their son, Georgy, whom she was to later nickname 'Mur'. He was a difficult child but Tsetaeva loved him obsessively. With Efron now rarely free from tuberculosis, their daughter Ariadna was relegated to the role of mother's helper and confidante, and consequently felt robbed of much of her childhood.
In 1925, the family settled in Paris, where they would live for the next 14 years. During this time Tsvetaeva contracted tuberculosis.
NKVD agent.
While in Paris, Efron was developing Soviet sympathies and was homesick for the Soviet Union. He was afraid because of his past as a White soldier. Eventually, either out of idealism or to garner acceptance from the Communists, he began spying for the NKVD, the forerunner of the KGB, and in doing so was established in a dacha, a cabin in the country. Alya shared his views, and increasingly turned against her mother. In 1937, she returned to the Soviet Union. Later that year, Efron too had to return to USSR. In September 1937, the French police implicated him in the murder of the former Soviet agent and defector Ignace Reiss (also known as Ignaty Reyss and Ignatz Reiss), on a country lane near Lausanne, Switzerland.
After defecting and then criticizing Stalin and Yezhov, Soviet spy Reiss promised not to reveal any state security secrets and fled with his wife and child to the remote village of Finhaut, Valais canton, Switzerland, to hide. After they had been hiding for a month, they were contacted by Gertrude Schildbach at the instruction of Roland Lyudvigovich Abbiate, alias Francois Rossi, alias Vladimir Pravdin, codename LETCHIK ("Pilot"), a Russian expatriate, citizen of Monaco, and a Soviet NKVD agent. Schildbach was a German Communist refugee who was persuaded to write to Reiss to request a meeting and ask his advice. On September 4, 1937, Reiss agreed to meet Schildbach in Lausanne. Reiss using the alias Eberhardt was lured by Gertrude Schildbach onto a side road near Lausanne where Roland Abbiate was waiting for him with a Soviet PPD-34 sub-machine gun. Reiss was hit by fifteen bullets from Abbiate's sub-machine gun, killing him instantly. The two then dumped Reiss's body on the side of the road. Schildbach was never seen again.
Efron was erroneously said to have been in the car of the assassins. He was also named as an NKVD boss and claimed to have had an “Union for Repatriation” office for recruiting NKVD operatives. A search of the office and Efron's flat yielded no evidence.
After Efron's fled Paris, the police interrogated Tsvetaeva at the Paris Surete Nationale headquarters on October 22, 1937. She apparently seemed confused by their questions, answered somewhat incoherently, but is quoted as saying that in the month of September he had been fighting in the Spain and that "His trust might have been abused -- my trust in him remains unchanged." The police concluded that she was deranged and knew nothing of the murder. In fact, Efron had return to Moscow under NKVD orders and was held under house arrest in a dacha until he was arrested on December 10, 1937.
Later it was learned that Efron possibly had also taken part in the assassination of Lev Sedov in 1936. Some believe that Tsvetaeva did not seem to have known that her husband was a spy, nor the extent to which he was compromised.
Return to Soviet Union.
In 1939, Tsvetaeva and son Georgy returned to Moscow, unaware of the reception she would receive. In Stalin's USSR, anyone who had lived abroad was suspect, as was anyone who had been among the intelligentsia before the Revolution.
Efron and Alya were arrested for espionage. Alya's fiancé, was actually an NKVD agent who had been assigned to spy on the family. Under torture Efron was tried to give evidence against Tsvetaeva, but he refused to testify against her or anyone else. His daughter, however, confessed under beatings that her father was a Trotskyite spy, which led to his execution. Efron was shot in 1941; Alya served over eight years in prison. Both were exonerated after Stalin's death.
In 1941, Tsvetaeva and her son were evacuated to Yelabuga. On 31 August 1941, while living in Yelabuga (Elabuga), Tsvetaeva hanged herself. According to her son Georgy's diary, she visited NKVD office, where they probably tried to recruit her.

</doc>
<doc id="36642762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642762" title="Hervey de Saham">
Hervey de Saham

Hervey de Saham (also Seham) was an English medieval Canon law jurist and university chancellor.
Hervey de Saham was a Professor of Canon law. He was Guardian of the Franciscans (or Friars Minor) in Oxfordshire. During 1285–9, he was Chancellor of the University of Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="36642771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642771" title="Snowmobile suit">
Snowmobile suit

A snowmobile suit is a suit designed to be worn when driving a snowmobile. It is often similar to a one-piece snowsuit but especially made to not just insulate against snow and wetness but also against the wind when driving and also lending inspiration from motorcycle suits.

</doc>
<doc id="36642775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642775" title="Richard K. Eaton">
Richard K. Eaton

Richard K. Eaton (born 1948) is a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
Biography.
Eaton was born in 1948, in Walton, New York. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1970, from Ithaca College. He received a Juris Doctorate in 1974, from Albany Law School at Union University. He worked in private practice in Cooperstown, New York from 1974 to 1975 and then in Walton from 1975 to 1977. He served in turn as regional director, legislative director and Chief of Staff for Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, from 1977 to 1983, serving in both New York City and Washington, D.C. He served in private practice in New York City from 1983 to 1991. He again served as Chief of Staff to Senator Moynihan from 1991 to 1993. He returned to private practice in Washington, D.C. from 1993 to 1999.
Federal Judicial Service.
On August 3, 1999, President Clinton nominated Eaton to be a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade, to the seat vacated by Judge R. Kenton Musgrave. He was confirmed by the Senate on October 22, 1999 and received his commission on October 26, 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36642778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642778" title="St. Joseph's Chapel (Minto, North Dakota)">
St. Joseph's Chapel (Minto, North Dakota)

The St. Joseph's Chapel in Minto, North Dakota, United States, includes Stick/Eastlake, Colonial Revival, and Late Gothic Revival architecture. It was built in 1907. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
It is a wayside shrine, exemplifying that type of Polish immigrant construction.

</doc>
<doc id="36642795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642795" title="Nica's Dream">
Nica's Dream

"Nica's Dream" is a jazz standard composed by Horace Silver, named for Pannonica de Koenigswarter. The song has been recorded by The Jazz Messengers as well as many other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="36642796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642796" title="Zacatecas Cathedral">
Zacatecas Cathedral

The Zacatecas Cathedral, dedicated to Our Lady of the Assumption, is the head temple of the Diocese of Zacatecas. Located in the historic city center, declared a World Heritage Site by Unesco. The main facade of the premises is known as one of the most outstanding examples of Baroque art in Mexico.
History.
Prior to the current building were two temples. The first was built in the year 1568, as a parish of the city, which was of small dimensions. A second temple was built in place of the old and known to be consecrated in 1625.
In order to build a temple of the larger measures worthy of the city of "the aristocrats of silver", and to tell more quota, everything built is pulled, and rise the walls of the building we meet in our day. The first stone was laid by Don José de Izarraguirre, episcopal vicar. The work was dedicated in 1752. Consecrated until 1841, when the auction was completed the imafronte and the north tower, the latter work by the master builder Dámaso Muñetón. This tower holds a clock donated by Governor Genaro García Rojas.
In 1862, Pope Pius IX gives the church the cathedral status. And finally, in the year 1959, Pope John XXIII elevated to a basilica.
The building.
The floor of the building is shaped like a Latin cross. Three naves, the main and two sides, with less than the first. It has two side access covers, worked in stone and with no less detail than the first, the latter, the best finish and detail of Baroque art in the country. The original dome was replaced by the current, which bears a strong resemblance to the Templo de Loreto in Mexico City. It is octagonal, with lantern, surmounted by a wrought iron cross.
The building's exterior is covered with pink stone and are very worked both covers and towers, unlike the interior of sober neoclassical.
The main facade.
Elegant and decorated as a show of lace carved in stone. It consists of three bodies. The first three columns of Corinthian capital, with the stem highly ornamented with angels and plant motifs, mainly vines between each column are located in niches with pedestals that houses the stone carvings of the apostles St. James, St. Peter, St. Paul and St. Andrew. The entrance arch so mixtilineal, is also decorated with reliefs of diamonds, angels and floral motifs.
The second level houses the window of the choir, of Worth, mixtilineal finishing with moldings and framed by a ring excessively decorated with plant motifs, anthropomorphic and in high relief type key cup and in the corners of it, the four doctors of the Latin Church with their respective attributes, (St. Gregory the Great, St. Jerome, St. Augustine of Hippo and St. Ambrose of Milan, the first two in the top corners and the last two in the bottom corners). Three columns decorated with plants and vines guarding the window of the choir. Similarly in the second body between each column a niche with a pedestal, four in total, with sculptures of saints.
The third body, smaller, but also sports has five niches flanked by Baroque pilasters, also decorated by floral motifs, which hold five sculptures: Four apostles and the central niche is chaired by the sculpture of Jesus Christ.
The pediment of the façade, presents a picture of the glory to the Eternal Father, it could say the whole scene presides developed in the facade.
It is said that the color tones in the quarry of the facade gives change as sunlight during the day. So the best time to observe is between 14.30 and 18.00 hours.
The side covers.
With two side doorways. The first, north, dedicated to "Lord of the parish". It consists of two parts, the first arc of half point, its spandrels have vegetable ornaments and angels, has a copy in stone of a Christ who is inside. On either side figures of caryatids with plant motifs and cherubs. The second body, more elaborate than the first, a set framed by columns stipes with the image of Christ, the Virgin Mary and St. Joseph, with a curtain deployed by angels. Have a shot mixtilineal.
The cover South, dedicated to Our Lady of Zacatecas, whose sculpture is in a niche, this is mentioned to have been sculpted by an artist sentenced to death, he saved his sentence with this sculpture. The facade, with two bodies: the first with arch, flanked by baroque columns, decorated with plant motifs. The second section presents the above image, guarded by two caryatids columns.
The interior.
Very austere. Contrasts with the exterior richly decorated, is large Doric columns, the neoclassical side altars. Well vaults handkerchief. On the keys of the arches, there are Marian symbols, figures of saints, evangelist, clergy and objects of passion.
In the central part contains an altar designed by artist Javier Marín from Michoacan, which is all covered with gold leaf 24 carat. Its 17 feet high and ten wide, are covered with 25 kilos of this metal, extracted from the bowels of Zacatecan semidesert (Mazapil, Zac.). Was constructed from geometric prisms born of the upper platform of the sanctuary, they create spaces that way niches where they settle elaborate images of the saints. It weighs about 20 tons and is made of Finnish birch, a very hard wood that neither expands or shrinks, as it does not react to changes in humidity. The altarpiece has eleven images. At the top is the Virgin of the Assumption, who is consecrated the temple. On either side are the parents of the Virgin, Santa Ana and San Joaquin. In the lower part are San Juan Bautista, San Agustin, Santo Domingo, San Antonio de Padua and San Ignacio de Loyola. On the sides were placed images of the martyrs Zacatecas San Mateo Correa and Blessed Miguel Agustín Pro The cross was made of bronze "lost wax" and measures 4.2 meters high and two wide.

</doc>
<doc id="36642799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642799" title="Huisje Mostinckx">
Huisje Mostinckx

Huisje Mostinckx (Dutch: "house Mostinckx") is a farm on the village square of Sint-Martens-Bodegem, a subdivision of Dilbeek in Flemish Brabant, Belgium. The date of building is unknown, however mentions on the Ferraris maps of Belgium date it prior to 1777. The house is a Flemish protected monument since 1981.
Name.
The name of the farm comes from the last people that lived there: Sofie Mostinckx and her husband Karel de Pauw. The house was property of Sofies family. Karel had moved into Bodegem and was quickly called Karel Mostinckx by the locals. It is unknown how long the farm had been within the family, nor how old the farm is. 
A first mention of the house dates back to 1556. The Ferraris maps show a farm on the location of huisje Mostinckx. In 1900 the Mostinckx family build a barn connected to the house. The barn currently houses a museum about hop production.
Building.
Huisje Mostinckx is a small farm made of loam, as was common in Pajottenland. Most of these farms no longer exist, and the house is protected as a Flemish monument since 1981. To conserve the heritage, the house was restored to its original state. The restoration was completed in 2011 and the house has been open to visitation ever since. 
The house was built and restored with loam, as was usual in this area. Loam is naturally present in the soil and also all the other necessary building materials are easy to come by. When a family had more money, they would gradually replace the loam of the weakest walls with stone bricks. Because of this only the front of Huisje Mostinckx is made of loam.

</doc>
<doc id="36642803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642803" title="St. Catherine's Church of Lomice, North Dakota">
St. Catherine's Church of Lomice, North Dakota

St. Catherine's Church of Lomice, North Dakota, near Whitman, North Dakota, United States, was built in 1936. It was designed by architect Joseph Bell DeRemer in Late Gothic Revival architecture. It has also been known as St. Catherine's Catholic Church, as St. Catherine's Church, and as St. Catherine Church. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006. The listing included one contributing building and four contributing objects on .
It has a large grotto and three small grottoes. The church was founded by settlers from Bohemia in Czechoslovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="36642808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642808" title="John Kelly (performance artist)">
John Kelly (performance artist)

John Kelly is an American performance artist.

</doc>
<doc id="36642832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642832" title="Loring Military Heritage Center">
Loring Military Heritage Center

The Loring Military Heritage Center, near Limestone, Maine and named for pilot Charles J. Loring, Jr., was founded in 2005 by prior service military personnel who lived in the area. The museum was founded to preserve the history of the base, and the memories of the people who served there.
The museum recently completed an addition in 2011.
History.
Loring Air Force Base, was an active service facility from 1953 to 1994. Prior to its dedication, it was known as Limestone Air Force Base, due to its being located in Limestone, Maine. Limestone Air Force Base was eventually renamed Loring Air Force Base in honor of Charles J. Loring, Jr., a Maine native and Medal of Honor recipient, who perished during the Korean War after crashing his plane into a gun emplacement, saving the lives of his fellow airmen. The indoor museum opened in 2006 within the base's old bank. The Loring Redevelopment Authority approved the center alongside an expansion of the Loring Defense Finance and Accounting Service. Current funding is obtained through donations, membership, gift shop sales, and admissions.
In 2007, the center expressed interest in acquiring a missile from the local American Legion chapter in Presque Isle, in order to restore it. The museum helped to also catalog artifacts from the base's former heating plant, which took two tries to demolish it In August 2012, the Center hosted the base's first official reunion.
Displays.
The museum contains an AGM-28 Hound Dog missile, various mementos from the base's history, and other displays. The missile also has been painted in authentic markings which it would have carried when it was stationed at Loring. Additionally, the center contains mementos from the base's former Central Heat Plant, which was demolished in 2011. According to the center, this was done because many people were interested in seeing the plant's history preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="36642847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642847" title="Coladenia similis">
Coladenia similis

Coladenia similis is a species of spread-winged skipper butterflies endemic to the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="36642873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642873" title="Shovel (album)">
Shovel (album)

Shovel is the second album of noise rock band feedtime, released in 1986 through Aberrant Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by feedtime, except "Nobody's Fault But Mine" by Blind Willie Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="36642875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642875" title="Enders Dam">
Enders Dam

Enders Dam (National ID # NE01070) is a dam in Chase County, Nebraska, near the southwestern corner of the state.
The earthen dam was constructed between 1947 and 1951 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation. It is high and long at its crest. It impounds Frenchman Creek for irrigation storage and flood control, part of the Bureau's Frenchman-Cambridge Division of the extensive Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program. The dam is owned and operated by the Bureau.
The reservoir it creates, Enders Reservoir, has a water surface area of at its maximum capacity of . The adjoining Enders Reservoir State Recreation Area is a popular location for fishing, hunting and other outdoor recreation activities.
Flows in the Frenchman, and associated releases from Enders Reservoir, have declined over the years. The primary cause is believed to be the lowering of water table levels due to groundwater irrigation in the Frenchman Basin. This has reduced the flows of springs that have historically fed the creek. In order to maintain the recreational and wildlife environments on the reservoir, irrigation releases were halted after 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36642884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642884" title="Ulrike Malmendier">
Ulrike Malmendier

Ulrike Malmendier is a professor of economics and finance at the University of California Berkeley. Her work focuses on behavioral economics, corporate finance, and law and economics. In 2013, she was awarded the Fischer Black Prize by the American Finance Association.
IDEAS lists her as among the top 5% most cited economists and as among the top 100 young economists who started publishing 15 years ago. In the New York Times, David Leonardt named Malmendier as one of the 13 young economists who are the future of the field. Her work on behavioral biases in financial markets has been featured in publications including The Economist, Investors Chronicle, the New York Times, Barron's, The Boston Globe, Bloomberg, and The New Yorker. She has been profiled in The American Magazine and The Chronicle of Higher Education.
Career.
Malmendier earned a PhD in law from the University of Bonn in 2000 and a PhD in economics from Harvard University in 2002. Andrei Shleifer served as Malmendier's adviser at Harvard. She worked as an assistant professor of finance at Stanford University from 2002 to 2006. During that time she held visiting positions at the University of Chicago and Princeton University. Malmendier moved to Berkeley in 2006 where she earned tenure in 2008. She currently is a research associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research, research affiliate at the Centre for Economic Policy Research, and faculty research fellow at the Institute for the Study of Labor. In 2013, she won the prestigious Fischer Black Prize, presented biennially by the American Finance Association for significant original research in finance.
Work.
Malmendier's work focuses on behavioral economics, corporate finance, and law and economics. She has conducted extensive research on CEO overconfidence where she found that overconfident CEOs invested too much money in their companies and pursued destructive acquisitions more frequently than other managers.
She has explored how behavioral biases affect financial decision-making in other contexts. Malmendier has found that people who lived through the Great Depression remain more frugal throughout their lives, a majority of people overestimate how often they will visit the gym, and that security analysts distort recommendations for profit.
Malmendier has also done research into the origin of shareholder companies. She has examined an early form of shareholder company in ancient Rome called the societas publicanorum.
Personal life.
Malmendier is married to fellow Berkeley economics professor Stefano Dellavigna.

</doc>
<doc id="36642891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642891" title="1981 South American U-20 Championship">
1981 South American U-20 Championship

The South American Youth Championship 1981 was held in Guayaquil and Quito, Ecuador. It also served as qualification for the 1981 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
First Round.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Final Round.
<br>
Qualification to World Youth Championship.
The two best performing teams qualified directly for the 1981 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Argentina also qualified, after winning an intercontinental play-off against New Zealand and Israel. Matches were played in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36642895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642895" title="Wei Qun">
Wei Qun

Wei Qun ( born 10 February 1972 in Zigong, Sichuan) is a Chinese football coach and a former player who is predominantly remembered for spending the majority of his career with Sichuan Quanxing where he was a defender while internationally he represented China in the 1996 Asian Cup.
Biography.
Wei Qun would start his career playing for the various youth teams for his hometown football team Sichuan before he was called up to the Chinese under-23 football team who happened to call themselves the Chinese Olympic team and were allowed to take part in the 1991 Chinese league campaign where they finished seventh. After an unsuccessful Olympics qualification campaign he returned to Sichuan to start his senior football career however it almost ended before it began when on May 1, 1993, he had an altercation with several men and was stabbed several times. Luckily he was able to make a full recovery and go on to establish himself as a vital member of the team, which soon saw him called up to the Chinese national team where he took part in the 1996 Asian Cup and was part of the team that saw China reach the quarter-finals.
After spending his whole career within Sichuan and nearing the end of his career the club decided to appoint him as their new part-time deputy general manager in 2002, however his perceived brash handling of several senior players negatively affected the club and he was loaned out Yunnan Hongta F.C. for the rest of the season. By the end of the 2003 league season Wei did not return to Sichuan and would instead decide to retire from football. He would eventually move into management and would join second tier football club Sichuan FC in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="36642898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642898" title="Love Is Live">
Love Is Live

Love Is Live is a live album by the Japanese rock band Triceratops.

</doc>
<doc id="36642930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642930" title="Athletics at the 2001 Central American Games">
Athletics at the 2001 Central American Games

Athletics competitions at the 2001 Central American Games were held at the Estadio La Pedrera in Ciudad de Guatemala, Guatemala, between November 30 - December 3, 1996. 
A total of 43 events were contested, 22 by men and 21 by women.
Medal summary.
Gold medal winners were published. Furthermore, results were compiled from various press archives,
especially from La Prensa Libre, Guatemala. Moreover, athletics at the VII Central American Games is covered by La Nación, San José, Costa Rica, El Diario de Hoy, San Salvador, El Salvador, El Nuevo Diario, Managua, Nicaragua, and La Prensa, Panamá. A complete list of medal winners can be found on the MásGoles webpage
(click on "JUEGOS CENTROAMERICANOS" in the low right corner).

</doc>
<doc id="36642943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642943" title="Cao Xiandong">
Cao Xiandong

Cao Xiandong (Chinese:曹限东 born 19 August 1968) is a Chinese football coach and a former international player who played as Midfielder. In his career he was predominantly remembered for his time at Beijing Guo'an where he won two Chinese FA Cups, while internationally he played for the Chinese team that took part in the 1996 Asian Cup. Since retiring he moved into assistant management and is currently the manager of Beijing Baxy F.C.
Biography.
Cao Xiandong was considered a talented midfielder and was soon called up to the Chinese under-17 team that took part in the 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship where China were knocked out in the quarter-finals to West Germany in a 4-2 defeat. He eventually went on to graduate to the senior team of Beijing and once he started to become a regular he was given his debut for his country in a friendly against North Korea on August 31, 1992 in a 0-0 draw. He soon established himself as a regular for the national team and went to the Football at the 1994 Asian Games where China came runners-up to Uzbekistan in a 4-2 defeat in the final. Cao Xiandong soon gained his first piece of silverware when Beijing won the 1996 and then 1997 Chinese FA Cup. After this success Cao Xiandong decided to join Qingdao Yizhong Hainiu for a brief period before joining second-tier club Beijing Kuanli in 1999 where he soon ended his playing career with them.
Honours.
As a player.
Beijing Guo'an
China

</doc>
<doc id="36642959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642959" title="Proper base change theorem">
Proper base change theorem

In algebraic geometry, there are at least two versions of proper base change theorems: one for ordinary cohomology and the other for étale cohomology.
In ordinary cohomology.
The proper base change theorem states the following: let formula_1 be a proper morphism between noetherian schemes, and formula_2 "S"-flat coherent sheaf on formula_3. If formula_4, then there is a finite complex formula_5 of finitely generated projective "A"-modules and a natural isomorphism of functors
on the category of formula_7-algebras.
There are several corollaries to the theorem, some of which are also referred to as proper base change theorems: (the higher direct image formula_8 is coherent since "f" is proper.)
Corollary 1 (semicontinuity theorem): Let "f" and formula_2 as in the theorem (but "S" may not be affine). Then we have:
Corollary 2: Assume "S" is reduced and connected. Then for each formula_10 the following are equivalent
Corollary 3: Assume that for some "p" formula_21 for all formula_18. Then
the natural map
In étale cohomology.
In nutshell, the proper base change theorem states that the higher direct image formula_25 of a torsion sheaf formula_2 along a proper morphism "f" commutes with base change. A closely related, the finiteness theorem states that the étale cohomology groups of a constructible sheaf on a complete variety are finite. Two theorems are usually proved simultaneously.
Theorem (finiteness): Let "X" be a variety over a separably closed field and formula_2 a constructible sheaf on formula_28. Then formula_29 are finite in each of the following cases: (i) "X" is complete, or (ii) formula_2 has no "p"-torsion, where "p" is the characteristic of "k".

</doc>
<doc id="36642961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642961" title="Queen's Theatre, Adelaide">
Queen's Theatre, Adelaide

The Queen's Theatre is a building of historic importance in Playhouse Lane, Adelaide, South Australia, the oldest such in mainland Australia, but predated by Theatre Royal in Hobart, Tasmania. It was not the first theatre in Adelaide however, that being Samson Cameron's short-lived Royal Victoria Theatre on North Terrace which opened on 23 November 1839.
History.
At the south end of Gilles Arcade, off Currie Street, with seating for over 1000 people, it was built for Emanuel Solomon (1800 – 3 October 1873) and his "silent partner" brother Vaiben Solomon ( – 1860) in 1840 to dire predictions of failure from the press and opened with a performance of "Othello" on 11 January 1841. John Lazar was manager from 1841. The Southern Australian's prognostications proved correct and the last play was staged around 28 November 1842. Some use was made of the theatre for public meetings and lectures, and Solomon offered it to the government "gratis" if they would prohibit the building of further taverns in the vicinity (his Shakspere Tavern, subsequently named Temple Tavern, was adjacent). This was rejected, but in 1843 the government signed a contract with Solomon for three years' rental at £200 per annum for use as Resident Magistrates Court, Supreme Court and offices for the Registrar General, the Advocate General, the Assistant Crown Solicitor and Assistant to the Bench of Magistrates. 
Between 1846 and 1847 Solomon, whose nephew Judah Moss Solomon (1818–1880) was an occasional partner, attempted to sell the theatre and tavern by lottery, but it was never fully subscribed so he refunded to the punters their stakes.
It reopened, re-using the name Royal Victoria Theatre, under the management of John Lazar and George Coppin, on 23 December 1850.
In 1861 it closed for refurbishment and substantial remodelling, and reopened in July with A. J. Solomon the new lessee and Robert MacGowan the stage manager of what was Adelaide's only theatre until the opening of the Theatre Royal at 28 Hindley Street on 13 April 1868, which spelled the demise of the "Victoria".
It then became successively a dance hall designated the "Prado", the headquarters for the City Mission, a horse market and other commercial uses, and finally a car park.
Recent development.
The building was purchased by the South Australian Asset Management Corporation and transferred to Heritage SA in the 1980s. Excavation revealed historically significant remains and numerous artefacts.
The Queen's Theatre was reopened as a performance venue at the 1996 Adelaide Festival of Arts, with a performance of The Magic Flute by Opera Australia. Following essential refurbishments, it was reopened for the launch of the 1998 Festival of Arts by Robyn Archer.
The theatre is now used as a performance space and function venue, but with stringent conditions intended to preserve as far as possible, the old character of the building.
New Queen's Theatre.
A new theatre was built in 1846 for George Coppin on nearby land on Light Square belonging to Solomon and managed by John Lazar. The hall held 700 and had the distinction of prohibiting smoking in the boxes. A critique of a show at New Queen's Theatre was the occasion of a court case against editor John Stephens in 1850. There is no newspaper reference to this theatre after November 1850.
Sources.
West, John "Theatre in Australia" Cassell Australia 1978 ISBN 0 7269 9266 6

</doc>
<doc id="36642966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642966" title="Enough Said (song)">
Enough Said (song)

"Enough Said" is a song performed by American recording artist Aaliyah. The song features additional vocals provided by Canadian rapper Drake. Originally recorded prior to the singer's death in August 2001, Drake finished the track with producer Noah "40" Shebib in 2012. 
"Enough Said" was released by Blackground Records through their Soundcloud account on August 5, 2012. It was sent to US urban and rhythmic radio stations on August 21. The song charted at number 55 on the "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.
Composition.
"Enough Said" is a hazy R&B song with a sparse electronic backing track. It opens with low-end sounds that reveal hypnotic percussion. The song's lyrics implore a lover to disclose and communicate: "I can tell it's somethin' up with you, tell me do you wanna talk about, talk about ... I hate to see you feel this way". Aaliyah sings the song's "yeah yeah yeah" hook with understated vocals, and Drake occasionally interjects with the line "yo, what's up" before rapping a single verse.
Critical reception.
Marc Hogan of "Spin" called the song "a welcome return from a late great, overseen with obvious ... devotion" from Drake, who "mostly manages to stay out the way on this one, confidently embodying the character of Aaliyah's repressed boyfriend without stifling the track with "too" much reverence." Bruna Nessif of E! Online felt that "it's hard not to feel some goosebumps rise at the first sound of Aaliyah's soft voice, but quickly, listeners can find themselves taken by the single and moving their head to the smooth beat". MTV's Nadeska Alexis commented that Shebib's production "complements Aaliyah's vocals nicely on the track." Gerrick D. Kennedy of the "Los Angeles Times" felt that "Drake still deserves to be applauded for the track", despite his "usual struggling-with-fame-pathos" rap verse and its divise reception with fans of Aaliyah, writing that "rarely do artists get the chance to revive their inspirations, certainly not as deftly as he's done with the track.
By contrast, Jody Rosen of "Rolling Stone" panned Drake's rap as a "desecration" and "desultory boasting, pointless 'wass ups,' slapped on like gaudy graffiti tags." He gave the song three-and-a-half out of five stars and asserted that, without his contribution, it would be "an engrossing record, with eerily stark production from Noah '40' Shebib: a great fit, and a worthy tribute, to R&B's most avant-garde diva." Robbie Daw of Idolator criticized his rap as "ill-advised" and "ho-hum", and stated, "this is not the 'tribute' we would have liked to hear." Jessica Sager of PopCrush felt that the song is a "traditional Aaliyah record", but "some would argue that there are some elements missing that would otherwise make it a classic Aaliyah track — and those elements are Timbaland and Missy Elliott."

</doc>
<doc id="36642968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642968" title="Steve Eise">
Steve Eise

Steve Eise is a retired American soccer player who played professionally in the American Professional Soccer League.
Eise, brother of David Eise, graduated from Rosary High School in St. Louis, Missouri. He attended St. Louis University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1985 to 1988. On July 9, 1989, the St. Louis Storm selected Eise in the second round of the Major Indoor Soccer League Amateur Draft. He never played a first team game with the Storm. He also played indoors with the Detroit Rockers during the 1990–91 National Professional Soccer League season. In 1990, Eise joined the Colorado Foxes of the American Professional Soccer League. He was a 1990 Second Team All Western Conference and a 1991 All League Honorable Mention defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36642977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642977" title="Zündwaren monopoly">
Zündwaren monopoly

The German Zündwaren monopoly (translated Monopoly for Safety Matches) began in 1930 when Germany's Reichstag passed a bill named "Zündwarenmonopolgesetz" ("Safety Matches Monopoly Law"), which allowed the "Deutsche Zündwaren-Monopolgesellschaft" (translated "German Society for the Safety Matches Monopoly") exclusive rights to distribute safety matches within the borders of the German Empire. The only brands the "Deutsche Zündwaren-Monopolgesellschaft" could distribute were "Welthölzer" ("World Matches") and "Haushaltsware" ("Haushold article"). Local German manufacturers obtained licenses to produce preassigned volumes to sell domestically and were not allowed to export these matches or to establish new firms. 
The official monopoly had been acquired by Swedish entrepreneur Ivar Kreuger, the "Match King", which made him a very rich man and remained in effect after the conclusion of World War II and through to 1983. In 1930 the Weimar Republic struggled to deal with war reparations as determined by the Treaty of Versailles while it also tried to tackle the Great Depression. Ivar Kreuger mediated German-French reparation talks and provided Germany with a loan of 125 million Dollars (at that time 500 million Reichsmark). The bonds ran until 1983 at which time the monopoly arrangement ended.
External link.
Empire from matches Spiegel Online 

</doc>
<doc id="36642979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642979" title="1986 ABN World Tennis Tournament">
1986 ABN World Tennis Tournament

The 1986 ABN World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at Ahoy Rotterdam in the Netherlands that was part of the 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix. The tournament was held from 24 March through 30 March 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36642985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642985" title="Jiang Feng">
Jiang Feng

Jiang Feng ( born 27 February 1970) is a former Chinese football Midfielder who played for China in the 1996 Asian Cup. He also played for Jilin FC, Liaoning FC, Qianwei Huandao, Qingdao Hademen, Sinchi FC and Jiangsu Shuntian
Biography.
Jiang Feng started his career playing for his local football team Jilin FC during the semi-professional period within Chinese football, however before the advent of full-professionalism at the start of the 1994 Chinese Jia-A League season he became one of the first transfers in the new era when he joined the reigning league title holders Liaoning FC before the start of the season. His time with Liaoning did not start well and he was caught stamping on Shanghai Shenhua player Wu Chengying, which saw him banned from the Chinese Football Association for the rest of the season. When he returned he was then part of the team that would unfortunately guide the club into the relegation zone at the end of the 1995 Chinese Jia-A League season. Despite the relegation Jiang still managed to be included into the squad that took part 1996 Asian Cup and when he returned he joined recently promoted club Qianwei Huandao to revive his career. After establishing the club as a top tier team and moving to Chongqing as they eventually renamed themselves Chongqing Lifan F.C. Jiang left the club after five seasons to join Qingdao Hademen where he went on to win the 2002 Chinese FA Cup. Nearing the end of his career Jiang would join Sinchi FC and play in Singapore's S.League before ending his career with second tier football club Jiangsu Shuntian.
Honours.
Jilin FC
Qingdao Hademen

</doc>
<doc id="36642993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642993" title="Gerald Asher">
Gerald Asher

Gerald Albert Asher (born 18 August 1932) is an English-born wine personality, based since 1974 in San Francisco, California. Initially a wine merchant and importer, today he is a wine writer.
Born in London and raised partly in rural Essex because of the Blitz, Asher's career in wine began in 1950, when he took a part-time job at a wine retailer in London's Shepherd Market. He founded his own merchant house, Asher, Storey and Co, in 1955, to import rare and lesser-known French wines to Britain. Active until 1970, the firm was widely seen as ground-breaking for its introduction to the British market of several previously obscure wines that proceeded to become popular. In 1971, Asher relocated to New York to take up a senior position at Austin, Nichols and Co, which imported Bordeaux-classed wines to the United States. The next year he also became wine editor at "Gourmet" magazine, a post he would hold for the next three decades, writing the "Wine Journal" column, which eventually became monthly. In 1974, he received the Mérite agricole from the French government for his contributions to French agriculture.
He moved the same year to San Francisco, where he became head of the Monterey Wine Company. He writes that he had a "a topsy-turvy introduction to California wine", having never tasted any before a 1967 visit, but he soon began championing it, organising the annual California Vintners Barrel Tasting Dinner along with Paul Kovi and Tom Margittai of New York's Four Seasons Restaurant. The barrel tasting, which started in 1976, played an important role in building the image and understanding of California wines on the East Coast of the United States, and over the next decade became seen by critics as the wine event of the year. Asher started the Mosswood Wine Company in 1978, within the McKesson Corporation, and headed it until 1987, when McKesson sold off its interests in wine and spirits to concentrate on pharmaceuticals. Asher took early retirement to focus solely on his wine writing, which he continues today.
He retained the post of wine editor at "Gourmet" until 2002, and thereafter contributed a selection of wines to each issue until the magazine discontinued in 2009. Many of his wine essays from "Gourmet" have been republished in book form; five volumes of these columns have been published, most recently "A Carafé of Red" in 2012. Asher's writing and knowledge of wine are both acclaimed, with British wine critic Jancis Robinson calling him "America's most elegant wine writer". James Beard, an American chef and food writer, says Asher's writing "makes one feel that one is sitting in a room with Gerald, enjoying his ... awesome knowledge and expertise in the world of wine." Asher has received many accolades for his writing and work with wine during his life. He was inducted into the California Vintners' Hall of Fame by the Culinary Institute of America in 2009.
Biography.
Early life.
Gerald Asher was born in London in 1932. The family moved to rural Essex at the onset of the Blitz, and Asher was partly raised there, attending Westcliff High School for Boys in Westcliff-on-Sea.
First steps into wine.
Asher entered the wine industry in 1950, at the age of 18, when he took a part-time job assisting a wine retailer in Shepherd Market, between Curzon Street and Piccadilly in Mayfair, Central London. Within a year he had taken a full-time position with a small wine distributor, and by 1952 he was engaged by Blumenthal & Co, a major wine importer. Sponsored by Blumenthal, he attended tastings and lectures held by the Wine Trade Club at the Worshipful Company of Vintners in London, and in 1953 a scholarship allowed him to spend time working and studying in Jerez, the Spanish region that produces Sherry. Further such scholarships over the next two years despatched Asher to Burgundy in eastern France, then the Rheingau wine region in West Germany.
Asher, Storey and Co.
In 1955, aged 23, Asher founded his own London merchant house, Asher, Storey and Co, to import rare and lesser-known French wines to Britain. The new firm was regarded as ground-breaking, and was for a long time unique in the British market. A 1983 "Punch" retrospective described its formation as "a breeze of change through the wine trade here Britain and the trade of writing about wine." Many of the wines the firm introduced to British consumers, including Beaumes de Venises, Arbois, Bandol, Chateau Grillet, Cahors and others, were considered utterly unknown when the company began, but soon became well known and popular. By December 1969, "The Observer" was describing the company as "famous for its list of the lesser-known wines of France: wines from the Loire, and the Jura, from Provence and from Savoy."
New York.
Asher wound up Asher, Storey in 1971, when he moved to New York City to become Vice-President and National Wine Sales Manager at Austin, Nichols and Co, perhaps better known as the distiller of Wild Turkey bourbon whiskey, but also an American importer of Bordeaux-classed wines from France. He joined the French wine committee of the U.S. National Association of Wine Importers, and became chairman of the Champagne Importers' Association. Around this time he also became interested in California wine, which he had first encountered during his first visit to San Francisco in 1967. In 1972, he was invited by Jane Montant of "Gourmet" magazine to start contributing essays on a periodical basis as the journal's Wine Editor, a role he would hold for the next three decades. Two years later, he was awarded the Mérite agricole by the government of France for his contributions to French agriculture.
California.
Asher moved to San Francisco in 1974 to head the Monterey Wine Company, a joint venture between the McKesson Corporation and the McFarlane family to market The Monterey Vineyard's wines. He retained this role until 1976. He writes that he had "a topsy-turvy introduction to California wine", having never tasted any before his 1967 visit, but soon came to regard it as on a par with that from France. Surprised that wine from California was, in his own words, "more exotically rare in New York than many European" wines, he hit upon the idea of holding an annual tasting of California wine in New York, using as models the Paulée de Meursault tasting of Burgundy wine and its grander cousin, the Paulée de Paris held at Taillevent, with "the same elegant context ... but with an American flavour".
Asher approached several Californian growers with this idea, but most were hesitant to take part. The idea became more real when the winemakers Karl Wente and Robert Mondavi agreed to participate. Paul Kovi and Tom Margittai of the prestigious Four Seasons Restaurant in Manhattan agreed to organise the practicalities of such an event in return for Asher's coordination of the California wineries' contributions. The first annual California Vintners Barrel Tasting Dinner was held at The Four Seasons in 1976, and soon became hugely popular; though there were only 228 places available for the 1978 tasting, over 2,000 people tried to buy tickets. 
Asher was vice-president of "21" Brands, a wine and spirits company within the McKesson Corporation, between 1976 and 1978. He then started the Mosswood Wine Company within the McKesson structure to import and distribute European wine across the United States. Meanwhile, Asher's annual California barrel tasting event in New York became highly acclaimed in the wine world; by 1985, it was being described in newspaper columns as the American wine industry's "most prestigious social event". "Everybody who is anybody in the world of food and wine is invited to the annual California Vintners Barrel Tasting Dinner," Ruth Riechl wrote for the "Los Angeles Times" that year; "Ten years ago it was unclear whether anybody would even show up for the first dinner, held at the Four Seasons. This year the only problem was which one of the 10 people eager to fill each seat would[.]" "Invitations are as scarce as Manhattan taxis at rush hour," wrote "Chicago Tribune" columnist Kristine Curry.
Following the 1985 event, described by two wine writers as "the best ever", the annual barrel tasting moved to California. Since it was still generally considered a runaway success in New York, this came as a surprise to many, and Margittai admitted he was sad to see it go: "This is our pride and joy," he said, "but the barrel tasting needs to go home". The move was in part because of the event's popularity; so many people sought places each year that the restaurant was having to refuse tickets to some of its regular customers. The venue used in 1986, San Francisco's Stanford Court Hotel, could accommodate twice as many guests. "Woody Allen may think that going West and dying are the same thing," Asher explained, "but we're going to prove him wrong." The first barrel tasting in San Francisco was also considered a success by most who attended, with the main difference being the atmosphere, which Barbara Ensrud, a wine writer who had attended every barrel tasting so far, said was "a lot more relaxed than it ever was in New York."
Writing full-time.
In 1987, McKesson sold off its wine and spirits operations so it could focus on pharmaceuticals. Aged 55, Asher took early retirement, and began to concentrate on his wine writing. His contributions to "Gourmet" magazine, which had evolved into a bi-monthly column called the "Wine Journal", now became monthly. Many of Asher's "Wine Journal" entries have been republished in book form as "On Wine" (1982), "Vineyard Tales" (1996), "The Pleasures of Wine" (2002), "A Vineyard in My Glass" (2011), and "A Carafé of Red" (2012). In 1996, he wrote the "Wine Journal", published as a cellar book by HarperCollins. A number of the "Gourmet" columns were translated and published in the Japanese version of "Playboy" magazine, and in 1997 some of these were published in translation as "The Secret World of Wine" by Shueisha of Tokyo. Asher stopped writing for "Gourmet" in February 2002, but he continued to contribute a selection of wines to the monthly menu published in each issue until the magazine discontinued in November 2009.
In addition to the many accolades he has won for his writing and work in the international wine trade—including "Wine Writer of the Year" from "Wine & Vines" magazine in 1984, a 1990 literature achievement award from the American Institute of Wine and Food, the San Francisco Wine Appreciation Guild's Literary Award for 2000, and the 2005 Journalism award from the New York-based European Wine Council—Asher was inducted into the California Vintners' Hall of Fame at the Culinary Institute of America in St. Helena, California in 2009.
Asher is generally considered a highly respected authority in the field of wine, and has received acclaim throughout his career for his expertise and writing style, which is widely held to be elegant and enjoyable. In her 1997 book "Tasting Pleasure", British wine critic Jancis Robinson calls Asher "America's most elegant wine writer". S. Irene Virbila of the "Los Angeles Times" gave "A Carafé of Red" a very positive review, describing Asher as a "wonderful prose stylist ... His wide-ranging, astute appreciation is where it's at." In a glowing review of "On Wine" (1982), the American chef and food writer James Beard called the book "a delight". "Reading it makes one feel that one is sitting in a room with Gerald, enjoying his personal views, his prejudices, his delightful sense of humour and his appreciation of life," Beard elaborated; "not to mention his awesome knowledge and expertise in the world of wine."

</doc>
<doc id="36642995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36642995" title="Han Jinming">
Han Jinming

Han Jimming (Chinese: 韩金铭 born 28 February 1969) is a Chinese football coach and a former international Midfielder who played for China in the 1996 Asian Cup. While in his club career he was predominantly remembered for his time at Tianjin Sumsang where he captained for from 1993 until 1996 before leaving for Qianwei Huandao and Yunnan Hongta where he was forced to retire due to serious injury in 2000.
Playing career.
Han Jinming started his career in 1987 playing for the Tianjin youth team who were allowed to take part in the Chinese league pyramid. He was soon called up to the Chinese under-23 team who were also allowed to take part in the 1990 Chinese league pyramid. Upon his return he was promoted to the senior team of Tianjin where he become their captain in 1993 as well as breaking into the senior Chinese national team, whom he represented at the 1996 Asian Cup. After the tournament Han joined Qianwei Huandao and Yunnan Hongta before returning to Tianjin for a brief period before he had to retire due to injury.
Management career.
After he retired in 2000 Han immediately moved into youth management in Tianshui, Gansu where he impressed the Chinese Football Association who offered him a job as a scout and training lecturer for them. In 2007 Han received his first management job at Hohhot Binhai, however this only lasted for one season.

</doc>
<doc id="36643004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643004" title="Liu Yue">
Liu Yue

Liu Yue ( born 12 July 1975) is a former Chinese international football defender who played for Shandong Luneng, Yunnan Hongta F.C. and Chongqing Lifan F.C. while also representing China in the 1996 Asian Cup. Since retiring he has moved into sports commentary with Shanghai TV.
Biography.
Liu Yue would start his career with Shandong Luneng and would quickly make a name for himself when he was part of the team that won the 1995 Chinese FA Cup. This would soon see him selected for the Chinese national team where he was selected as the team's first choice left back within the 1996 Asian Cup. Within the tournament he would have a disappointing game against Saudi Arabia within the quarter-finals, which saw China knocked out of the competition and ending his international career once the manager Qi Wusheng permanently drop him from the team. Despite this Liu would continue to be a regular for Shandong and go on to win the 1999 league title and FA Cup with them before moving to Yunnan Hongta F.C. where he was reunited with his former coach Qi Wusheng. After spending several seasons with Yunnan the club were taken over by Chongqing Lifan F.C. where he spent one season with them before retiring.
Honours.
Shandong Luneng

</doc>
<doc id="36643015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643015" title="Peters Beach">
Peters Beach

Peters Beach or Peter Beach is a former barrier island located on the Jersey Shore of the Atlantic Ocean in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. It is now a part of Brigantine Island.
Geography.
Peter Beach is on the southwestern portion of Brigantine Island, adjacent to St. George's Thoroughfare. It forms a section of Brigantine City.
Formerly a separate island, it was described in 1834 as,
Although Peters Beach measured about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) between inlets in 1828, by 1878 erosion had taken its toll, "viz".,
By 1904, Quarters Inlet had taken on an "S" shape, curving in front of Peters Beach and separating it from Brigantine Island. Now known as Quarter Channel, it no longer connected directly with the ocean, but with Absecon Inlet.
By 1940, Quarters Channel had closed up, completing the connection with Brigantine Island.

</doc>
<doc id="36643016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643016" title="Yin Anna">
Yin Anna

Yin Annuo (born 23/03/1992 in Shandong) is a female Chinese long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.

</doc>
<doc id="36643026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643026" title="Lu Xiuzhi">
Lu Xiuzhi

Lu Xiuzhi is a Chinese race walker. She participated at the 2012 Summer Olympics and placed 6th in 1:27:10 hour. 

</doc>
<doc id="36643028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643028" title="David Reeka">
David Reeka

David Reeka is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup. He played in one match at the tournament, coming off the bench against Tonga. Reeka later coached Tarangau in the Lae rugby league competition.

</doc>
<doc id="36643035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643035" title="Qieyang Shenjie">
Qieyang Shenjie

Qieyang Shenjie, also known as Qieyang Shijie (; , also known as" Choeyang Kyi"; Amdo Tibetan language: ʂcəl; born November 11, 1990) is a Chinese race walker. She was born in Haiyan, Haibei T.A.P, Qinghai province, and her family are herders. She won bronze medal in the Women's 20 km walk race in 2012 Summer Olympics in London. She is the first ethnic Tibetan to compete and win a medal in the Olympics. After winning the medal, Qieyang Shenjie said she was most grateful to her coach.
She was selected into the Qinghai Team in April 2008 by Yuan Dejiu (袁德久), the major coach of the team who found her speciallity when let accompany someone other to run and gave her her nickname "little tokyi". In June 2010, she was selected by Zhang Fuxin (张阜新), who later became her coach, into the National Team.

</doc>
<doc id="36643065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643065" title="Timothy C. Stanceu">
Timothy C. Stanceu

Timothy C. Stanceu (born 1951) is the Chief Judge for the United States Court of International Trade
Biography.
Stanceu was born in 1951 in Canton, Ohio. He received an Artium Baccalaureus degree in 1973, from Colgate University. He received a Juris Doctorate in 1979, from Georgetown University Law Center. He worked as a program analyst and environmental protection specialist for the United States Environmental Protection Agency from 1974 to 1982. He served as special assistant to the assistant secretary in the Office of Enforcement and Operations of the United States Department of the Treasury from 1982 to 1985. He served as Deputy Director of the Office of Trade and Tariff Affairs for the Treasury Department from 1986 to 1989. He worked in private practice in Washington, D.C. from 1990 to 2003.
Federal Judicial Service.
On January 7, 2003, President Bush nominated Stanceu to serve as a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade, to the seat vacated by Judge Richard W. Goldberg. He was confirmed by the Senate on March 6, 2003, and received his commission on March 10, 2003. He was elevated to Chief Judge on July 1, 2014 after Donald C. Pogue assumed senior status.

</doc>
<doc id="36643068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643068" title="Tan Jian">
Tan Jian

Tan Jian (born 20 January 1988) is a Chinese female discus thrower.

</doc>
<doc id="36643076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643076" title="Parents Centres New Zealand">
Parents Centres New Zealand

Parents Centres New Zealand is a registered charity in New Zealand, offering childbirth education, parent education and support services. It was established in 1952.
History.
Helen Brew, one of the founders of Parents Centre, had wanted a natural birth for her second child. Following her birth experience Helen Brew, together with Christine Cole, went on to found the very first Parents Centre in Wellington in 1952. 
The original name for Parents Centre was the Natural Child Birth Association, as an early focus was to empower women and men to understand more about the birthing process and how relaxation and exercise could contribute to a positive birthing experience. 
The organisation was renamed ‘Parents Centre’. 
One of Parents Centres early achievements was successfully advocating for the father to be able to be present at the birth. Husbands had not been allowed to attend the birth, or often to even support their wives through the labour. Doctors Jim and Jane Ritchie, both key figures in developmental psychology in New Zealand, as well as active members of Wellington Parents Centre, were key advocates in this long struggle.
The article prompted a flood of supportive letters to the newspaper and Parents Centre sponsored a meeting which drew 150 people. A protest was arranged, but it was another eight years of advocacy before Wellington hospitals allowed men to be present at births.
Over the years which have followed there have been many achievements by Parents Centre; baby’s ‘rooming in’ with mothers after birth ; sick children in hospital having their parents stay with them; the removal of salt and sugar from baby food; the establishment of childbirth education classes and the rights of women to form their own birth plans.
Today, Parents Centres New Zealand operates through over 50 Centres nationwide. The organisation continues to work for parents and children of New Zealand, including most recently tackling issues around the repeal of Section 59 of the Crimes Act, spearheading the Flexible Working Conditions bill and Corrections breastfeeding of babies in prison bill, tackling the sensitive issues around child poverty and poor health and running parenting programmes in 19 of the country’s prisons. 
Parents Centres continue run a wide range of parenting programmes, from childbirth education through to conscious parenting programmes for children up to the age of 6, and publish New Zealand’s longest running parenting magazine (established in 1954), Kiwiparent. 

</doc>
<doc id="36643087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643087" title="Li Lingwei (athlete)">
Li Lingwei (athlete)

Li Lingwei (; born January 26, 1989) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in the javelin throw.

</doc>
<doc id="36643102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643102" title="1952 Winter Olympics torch relay">
1952 Winter Olympics torch relay

The 1952 Winter Olympics torch relay was the first time that a flame was transported as part of the build-up to the Winter Olympics. While similar to the inaugural Summer Olympics torch relay of 1936 the Olympic Flame did not start in Olympia, instead the relay began in Morgedal, Norway, the birthplace of competitive skiing. Indeed, the Norwegian Olympic Committee were keen to stress that this was not the traditional transfer of the Olympic Flame but a separate event that symbolised the use of torches while skiing in the dark. It was not until the 1964 Winter Olympics that the relay could be said to transport a true Olympic Flame originating from Olympia.
Organisation.
Olav S. Bjaaland, a teacher in Morgedal, proposed the idea of a cross-country ski relay from Morgedal to Oslo in 1948. The process was seen as a good way to mark the commencement of the Games. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) agreed that the relay could go ahead, including winning support from the IOC president, but that this relay would not carry the true Olympic Flame as had been established as protocol in the Summer Games since 1936. Instead this torch was passed in the same way that Norwegian skiers historically did while travelling in the dark. Organisational duties were given to the committee for decorations and ceremonies. The flame would not be lit in Olympia, and a location would be chosen that symbolised the birthplace of skiing and Winter events. Since the 1964 relay the process has changed to bring the relay in line with the Summer Olympics and to officially carry the Olympic Flame. While there were attempts to give the "Morgedal Flame" the same significance as the Olympic Flame the IOC have insisted that all Olympic Games should use the symbolic fire lit in Olympia.
Relay elements.
Torch.
The nine inch long torch was designed to cope with any weather condition that the relay team would face. Its cylindrical handle was topped off by a large, oval collar that depicted the Olympic rings, the year, and an arrow pointing from the start and end points of the relay (Morgedal and Oslo).
Torch-bearers.
A total of 94 renowned skiers or their descendants participated in the relay, the names of whom remained secret until they began their leg of the journey.
Route.
The relay began on 13 February at the Morgedal home of Sondre Norheim, a pioneer in competitive skiing. The location was chosen to celebrate the birthplace of skiing and the origins of such sporting events. In 1868 Norheim had skied from Morgedal to Oslo to compete in a skiing competition that was being hosted in the city.
It would be fitting for a person of high regard to start the relay. Olav Bjaaland, the grandfather of the man who proposed the relay, was a member of the 1911 South Pole expedition. He was given the honour of kindling the fire, and did so by lighting a pine torch in the hearth of Norheim's home. He then passed the flame to the first relay skier. The torch relay then followed the route that Norheim is believed to have taken to Oslo.
Lighting of the cauldron.
The final stretch of the relay to Bislett was undertaken by ski champion Lauritz Bergendahl on 15 February. On arrival at the Marathon Gate of the Stadium he passed the torch to the final torch-bearer, Eigil Nansen, grandson of explorer, winter event champion and Nobel Peace Prize-winning diplomat Fridtjof Nansen. Nansen skied with the torch around the snow embankment before walking up to and lighting the "Olympic Altar".

</doc>
<doc id="36643113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643113" title="Damage control surgery">
Damage control surgery

Damage control surgery (DCS) is a form of surgery utilized in severe unstable injuries typically by trauma surgeons. This form of surgery puts more emphasis on preventing the trauma triad of death, rather than correcting the anatomy.
Indications.
This procedure is generally indicated when a person sustains a severe injury that impairs their ability to maintain homeostasis due to severe hemorrhage leading to metabolic acidosis, hypothermia, and increased coagulopathy. This phenomenon is referred to as the trauma triad of death. A common clinical presentation of this would include metabolic acidosis, hypotension, and hypothermia. The reason why a regular fix would not work is because the person would succumb to the physiologic effects of the injury, despite the anatomical correction.
Technique.
A major component of the surgery is early recognition of a person who could benefit from it, which often means bypassing the emergency department except for attempts of immediate stabilization techniques, such as gaining airway access. Typically the operating room is heated higher than normal to help deal with the associated hypothermia. 
The procedure comprises three different steps that are needed for full effect. In the first procedure a laparotomy is performed to control hemorrhage. Generally this procedure will last no longer than one hour. After immediate life threats have been surgically managed, the area is then covered temporarily and the person sent to an intensive care unit for the second phase. 
In the second phase the patient is given a combination of various medications and treatments to help restore a physiologic balance, especially with regards to their temperature, oxygenation, and pH level. An important element of treatment at this stage is passive rewarming, as generally it will reverse most of the ill effects of the trauma triad. This phase generally lasts no longer than two days but is dependent on the person's condition. If the person's condition has not improved within the first 24 hours, it could mean there was missed hemorrhage which could require immediate surgery, regardless of the reversal of the trauma triad. 
In the third phase, the person is operated on again and more definitive procedures are performed.
History.
The first recorded instance of damage control surgery was in 1983 by Stone. In 1993, Rotondo was the first to show definitive proof that damage control surgery yielded better outcomes than alternatives, and coined the term.

</doc>
<doc id="36643114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643114" title="Dong Cheng (boxer)">
Dong Cheng (boxer)

Dong Cheng (; born August 14, 1986) is a Chinese female boxer.

</doc>
<doc id="36643118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643118" title="Lü Huihui">
Lü Huihui

Lü Huihui (; born 26 June 1989) is a Chinese track and field athlete who specialises in the javelin throw. She finished in fifth place at the 2012 Summer Olympics with a throw of 63.70 metres.
A late-bloomer in the event, she did not throw beyond fifty metres until her twenties, but broke the Asian record for the event in 2012 with a mark of 64.95 m. She improved this to 65.62 m in 2013.
Career.
Born in Xinxiang in the province of Henan, she began taking part in javelin competitions as a teenager. In 2005 she was fifth at the national youth championships and came runner-up at the national high school championships. Lu started to attend Zhengzhou University in 2007 and stopped competing in the sport at that point.
A return to competition in 2010 (her final year at Zhengzhou) saw her begin to make an impact at senior level as she threw over fifty metres for the first time. She won the division two universities title and set a best of 55.35 metres at the Zhaoqing leg of the Chinese Athletics Grand Prix series. On the following year's circuit she improved to 58.72 metres and was in the top two at all the meets, winning in Jiaxing. This form failed to translate at the Chinese Athletics Championships, however, as she threw only 52.69 metres and finished 13th in her first national final. She began attended the Wuhan Institute of Physical Education in 2011, learning the event under her coach Lu Gang.
Her 2012 season marked a quick rise to the top of her discipline. She bettered her previous personal record by over five metres with a mark of 63.78 m in her first meet of the season. Her next outing brought her the Asian record, as she defeated Wei Jianhua's 11-year-old mark with a 64.95 m performance. Lu competed abroad for the first time, appearing at two German meets, and a second place finish at the National Grand Prix final as well as a throw of 64.86 m in Dalian assured her selection for the Chinese delegation for the 2012 London Olympics.
Despite having never competed at a major championship, as well as neither the Chinese City Games nor Chinese National Games, she threw 64.45 m in qualifying and went on to place fifth in the Olympic javelin final. Her worst overall performance that year was at the Chinese Championships, which was the only meet where sere she did reach sixty metres, but her runner-up placing behind Chang Chunfeng was still her best ever performance nationally.
Lü opened 2013 as she had the previous year, winning on the national circuit and breaking the Asian record – this time with a throw of 65.62 m.

</doc>
<doc id="36643119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643119" title="Li Jinzi">
Li Jinzi

Li Jinzi (李金子; "Lǐ Jīnzǐ", born 4 March 1990 in Zhaodong, Heilongjiang Province) is a Chinese female boxer. She studied at the Jilin Institute of Physical Education, and began boxing at the age of 14. Li won a bronze medal in the women's middleweight competition at the 2012 London Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36643121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643121" title="Andfjorden">
Andfjorden

Andfjorden is a fjord on the border of Nordland and Troms counties in Norway. It primarily flows between the large islands of Andøya and Senja. The smaller islands of Bjarkøya and Grytøya are located in the fjord. The main crossing is via the Andenes–Gryllefjord Ferry between Andøy and Torsken municipalities.
The fjord is about long, has a maximum width of , and has a maximum depth of . Several other fjords branch off the Andfjorden including the Kvæfjorden, Godfjorden, and the Vågsfjorden.
At the tiny Steinavær islands in the Andfjorden, there is a large coral reef.

</doc>
<doc id="36643140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643140" title="Camilla Arfwedson">
Camilla Arfwedson

Camilla Arfwedson (born 1981) is a British actress.
Early life.
Born in London to a Swedish father and English mother, Arfwedson was brought up in Chelsea and attended the Francis Holland School as a day girl. After that she studied Classics at the University of Edinburgh. There she joined the theatre society, and gained parts in the stage plays: "Sore Throats" and "A Slight Ache" both directed by Thom Tuck; "Skylight" directed by Michael Sophocles; "Private Lives" directed by Frederic Wake-Walker; "Bedroom Farce" directed by Simon Yadoo; the speaker in the "Vagina Monologues" directed by Alice Russell.
Career.
Becoming a professional actress on graduation, Arfwedson has since worked mainly in the theatre, including Portia in the "Merchant of Venice", the first touring production of "Festen", and the role of Evelyn in the Barons Court Theatre production of Neil LaBute's "The Shape of Things" directed by Ed Behrens.
Her television roles have included parts in "" and "Agatha Christie's Marple: Murder Is Easy". Her film roles have included playing Lady Charlotte in "The Duchess", and playing Burt Reynolds daughter in the British comedy film "A Bunch of Amateurs".
In 2012, Arfwedson starred in a television commercial for travel website SecretEscapes.com, follow-up adverts were also released in 2013. She played Sheriff Angela Carter in "", and in 2013, appeared in the second episode of BBC Three sitcom "Way to Go", before joining the cast of BBC One medical drama" Holby City".

</doc>
<doc id="36643142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643142" title="Mohammed Abousaban">
Mohammed Abousaban

Mohammed Abusaban ("spelled": Abusaba'an, born 20 January 1990), is a Saudi footballer who plays as Central Midfielder for Al-Ittihad Jeddah. he scored 3 goals in 2012 Champions league tournament, furthermore, he scored the winning goal against Pakhtakor in the 90+3 minute.

</doc>
<doc id="36643148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643148" title="John F. Cox">
John F. Cox

John F. Cox is an American attorney, politician, and city manager who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as City Manager of Lowell, Massachusetts.
Early life.
Cox was born on July 27, 1955 in Lowell to John E. and Arlene M. Cox. His father was an insurance salesman who served He graduated from Lowell High School in 1973 and went on to earn a bachelor's degree in political science from Salem State College in 1977 and a law degree from the New England School of Law in 1980. Cox served as an assistant Middlesex district attorney for one year before opening his own law practice in Lowell.
State representative.
In 1982, Cox was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives, defeating incumbent Nikolas Lambros in the Democratic primary. He would go on to serve a total of six terms.
In 1994, Cox was fined $1,750 by the State Ethics Commission for accepting free meals and other gratuities from lobbyists in violation of state conflict-of-interest rules.
City manager.
In 2000, Cox was named City Manager of Lowell. He had some success as city manager, but his style clashed with that of the city council. In April 2006, city councilors met with Cox to inform him that the majority of the council wanted him to step down. Later that month he announced his resignation.

</doc>
<doc id="36643160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643160" title="Pio Nakubuwai">
Pio Nakubuwai

Pio Nakubuwai is a Fijian rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career.
Nakubuwai played for Fiji at the 1992 World Sevens.
Nakubuwai made his test debut in 1994, playing against France. He then appeared for Fiji at the 1995 World Cup, playing in all three matches.
Nakubuwai played for the Yanco Wamoon Hawks in the Group 20 Rugby League competition and later switched to rugby union, playing for the Leeton Phantoms.
Personal life.
His son, Ben, played for the Leeton Phantoms under-13's and also played for the Group 20 Rugby League under 15's.

</doc>
<doc id="36643171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643171" title="Sujangphaa">
Sujangphaa

Sujangphaa was the king of Ahom kingdom from 1407 CE to 1422 CE. He was the son of Ahom king Sudangphaa. King Sudangphaa had three sons, out of them Sujangphaa was the eldest. After the death of his father at an early age, Sujangphaa ascended the throne in 1407 CE. Nothing of any importance was recorded during the fifteen years long reign of Sujangphaa, in the chronicles of Ahoms. He died in 1422 CE and was succeeded by his son, Suphakphaa.

</doc>
<doc id="36643176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643176" title="Ashley McKenzie">
Ashley McKenzie

Ashley McKenzie (born 17 July 1989) is an English judo athlete. He was a member of the Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics competing in the men's 60 kg. He was defeated in the second round by Hiroaki Hiraoka of Japan. He also appeared in and made it to the final of "Celebrity Big Brother 10" in September 2012.
Personal life.
McKenzie was born in Queen’s Park, London. He was diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
Career.
McKenzie became involved in judo at the age of 11 after a fight over a Charizard Pokémon card. His achievements include winning gold at the British Open, and bronze at the European Junior Championships. He has also held the junior number one ranking in his weight class. Ashley is currently ranked as European senior number one in his weight.
On 15 August 2012, McKenzie entered the "Celebrity Big Brother 10" reality TV series. After 24 days McKenzie made it to the final and finished in fifth place.

</doc>
<doc id="36643177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643177" title="Cheng Changsong">
Cheng Changsong

Cheng Changsong is a male Chinese racing cyclist.

</doc>
<doc id="36643218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643218" title="Ajmal Faisal">
Ajmal Faisal

Ajmal Faisal (born August 14, 1990) is an Afghan boxer. Faisal competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, representing Afghanistan in the Men's Flyweight. He was defeated in the Round of 32 by France's Nordine Oubaali 22-9.

</doc>
<doc id="36643223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643223" title="Pat Oleszko">
Pat Oleszko

Pat Oleszko is American visual and performing artist.

</doc>
<doc id="36643224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643224" title="Cooper-S">
Cooper-S

Cooper-S is a cover album by noise rock band feedtime, released in 1988 through Rough Trade Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36643238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643238" title="Malcolm Yapp">
Malcolm Yapp

Malcolm Edward Yapp (born 1931) is a British historian, professor emeritus of modern history of Western Asia at the School of Oriental and African Studies in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36643257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643257" title="Dorrit Cohn">
Dorrit Cohn

Dorrit Cohn (1924 - 10 March 2012) was a scholar of German and Comparative Literature whose work centered on the formal analysis of narrative fiction.
Life.
Dorrit Cohn was born in Vienna in 1924. Her family left Austria only a few days before the Anschluss in 1938. She immigrated to the United States with her family in 1939, attending the Lycée Français in New York. She studied Physics (AB, 1945) and Comparative Literature (AM, 1946) at Radcliffe College. She started graduate work in Comparative Literature at Yale and resumed it after an 11-year hiatus, earning a Ph.D in German from Stanford. Her dissertation (basis of her 1966 book) was on Hermann Broch's 1930-32 novel "Die Schlafwandler". She taught at Indiana University from 1964 before moving to Harvard in June 1971, where (as one of the first women professors with tenure) she taught Comparative and German Literature as the Ernest Bernbaum Professor of Literature. 
She retired in 1995, and her final years were spent in Durham, North Carolina.
Work.
Dorrit Cohn's main work was in Narratology. Her most prominent work, "Transparent Minds" (1978), studies how characters' consciousnesses are reflected in fiction in a variety of first- and third-person works, mostly from the 19th-century Realist and 20th-century Modernist traditions. Her work in this area was closely related to that of Gérard Genette and Franz Stanzel, with both of whom she had productive exchanges about the best way to analyze how consciousness is presented in fiction.
Toward the end of her life she became very interested in the formal differences between fictional and non-fictional narratives; her 1999 book "The Distinction of Fiction" treats works by Freud and Proust, the fictional biography "Marbot" by Wolfgang Hildesheimer (who had also written a best-selling biography of Mozart), Thomas Mann's Death in Venice, and historical novels by Stendhal and Tolstoy. The book won the MLA’s Aldo and Jeanne Scaglione Prize for Comparative Literature Studies.
In addition to the two books, she published many articles on works of fiction in German and other languages. She also had an abiding interest in Freud and Freudian interpretation.

</doc>
<doc id="36643286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643286" title="Todd McHatton">
Todd McHatton

Todd McHatton (Todd Martin McHatton) is an American singer, songwriter, musician, performer, artist, and puppeteer. He gained notoriety with his hit kids song, “I Think I’m a Bunny.”
McHatton has released four solo albums: "Grass Stained Twilight" (2009), "Sundays at the Rocket Park" (2010), "Galactic Champions of Joy" (2011), and "Todd McHatton Presents Marvy Monstone’s Mysterious Fun Time Dream Band" (2012).
His second full-length album, "Sundays at the Rocket Park, was picked as one of Time Out New York Kids Top Ten Albums of 2010. His third album, "Galactic Champions of Joy", was again named one of Time Out New York Kids Top 10 Albums of 2011 and the Out With The Kid’s #1 Album for 2011. This album featured the hit song “I Think I’m a Bunny” which reached and held the #1 spot on the Sirius XM Kids Place Live charts for five weeks, and remained in their 13 under 13 for 35 weeks.
Biography.
McHatton grew up in Puyallup, Washington and at age 8, began to write music and play guitar, piano, bass and drums. He received formal musical training from the Cornish College of the Arts in Seattle, Washington. He moved to Los Angeles in 1987 and attended the Musicians Institute in Hollywood, California where he graduated in 1989. During that time, he studied with guitarists Paul Gilbert, Scott Henderson, and Frank Gambale. In 1987, he placed as one of the top 10 undiscovered guitarists in Southern California in the West LA Music contest.
In 1989, McHatton played with the Los Angeles underground pop band Alice I Wonder. In 1990, he was a founding member and guitarist for the psychedelic group Sun and performed on the Sunset Strip, headlining clubs such as The Whisky-a-Go-Go, The Roxy and Coconut Teaszer.
He collaborated in 1992 with “The King of Surf Guitar” Dick Dale and illustrated the children’s book titled “Dick Dale’s Tale of a Whale.”
In 2008, McHatton published Grass Stained Twilight, a book of songs, illustrations and poems. The album Grass Stained Twilight followed in 2009.
He also released a holiday-themed downloadable EP titled “Christmas Songs” in 2009 that featured the track, “A Christmas Song for Harry Nilsson” which spawned an underground following of Harry Nilsson fans.
In 2010, Sundays at the Rocket Park was released. The Dallas Morning News compared McHatton to the likes of Harry Nilsson, Weezer, Electric Light Orchestra, Paul McCartney, Stone Temple Pilots, and "I Am the Walrus"-era Beatles, among others, and wrote that he “creates his own unique brand of driving, swirling, and super catchy pop music full of imaginative characters.”
In 2011, he released the album Galactic Champions of Joy and received critical acclaim with the release of the track “I Think I’m a Bunny.” The song features his daughter, Hazel, and his puppet, Marvy Monstone. Out With the Kids wrote, “Musically speaking, the songs on Galactic Champions of Joy unabashedly wear their master's Harry Nilsson/Beatles/impeccably crafted psychedelic pop influences on their sleeves.”
The video for the song, "I Think I'm a Bunny" on YouTube has over 230,000 views.
In April 2012, McHatton performed “I Think I’m a Bunny” live with Chris Ballew, who performs as a children’s artist under the pseudonym Caspar Babypants, at the Sirius-XM studios in New York City as a part of a collaborative event featuring kindie rock artists such as Recess Monkey, The Okee Dokee Brothers, Secret Agent 23 Skidoo and Lunch Money. A new Marvy puppet crafted by James Wojtal, a puppet fabricator and designer who worked for the Jim Henson Company, made its debut. The event was held during Kindiefest 2012 in Brooklyn, NY.
In September 2012, McHatton released “Todd McHatton presents Marvy Monstone’s Mysterious Fun Time Dream Band". The album features Hazel McHatton and a cast of original characters created by McHatton. The album was described by Warren Truitt of about.com as a "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band for kids." The album was also named one of the "Top 10 Family Albums of 2012" by both Red Tricycle and Out With The Kids.
McHatton’s songs “Happy Birthday Harry” and “A Christmas Song for Harry Nilsson” were featured on the 2011 Harry Nilsson tribute compilation along with Ringo Starr, Eric Idle and Paul Williams.
McHatton records all of his music in his solar-powered home studio. He plays all of the instruments, writes all of the music, and does all of the mastering, distribution, album artwork and video production for his solo projects. He is also a crafter of puppets and a puppeteer.
Recent work.
McHatton began playing guitar for the band Pete in 2012. The band is composed of the duo John Mace and Scott Rabin, former members of the band Sun. Pete composes and records music featured on the hit TNT television show “Franklin and Bash.”
McHatton also collaborates with Morgan Taylor, who performs as a children’s artist under the pseudonym Gustafer Yellowgold, Together, they formed the band Underbirds. Their new album is scheduled for release on April 26, 2013. Their world premier live concert/record release party will take place on April 27, 2013 at Symphony Space in New York City's Upper West Side.

</doc>
<doc id="36643300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643300" title="Philippine Weightlifting Association">
Philippine Weightlifting Association

The Philippine Weightlifting Association is the national governing body for weightlifting in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="36643311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643311" title="Suphakphaa">
Suphakphaa

Suphakphaa was the king of Ahom kingdom from 1422 CE to 1439 CE. He was the son of king Sujangphaa. Suphakphaa succeeded his father in 1422 CE and reigned for seventeen years. Nothing of any importance was recorded by Ahom chronicles about his reign. He died in 1439 CE and was succeeded by his son, Susenphaa.

</doc>
<doc id="36643312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643312" title="List of Vega$ episodes">
List of Vega$ episodes

This is a list of episodes for the television series "Vega$" (1978–81).

</doc>
<doc id="36643378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643378" title="Philippine Amateur Track and Field Association">
Philippine Amateur Track and Field Association

The Philippine Amateur Track and Field Association (PATAFA) is the national governing body for athletics sports such as track and field, road running, cross country running, and race walking in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="36643387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643387" title="Trevinano">
Trevinano

Trevinano is an Italian village, "frazione" of Acquapendente, in the Province of Viterbo, northern Lazio. As of 2009, its population was of 177.
History.
The village was part of a territory anciently settled by the Etruscans. Between 1500 and 1800 it was an autonomous municipality, not part of Acquapendente. 
Geography.
Located upon a hill near the borders of Lazio with the province of Siena (Tuscany) and Terni (Umbria), Trevinano is the northernmost settlement of its region. It is situated near the Tuscan Lake of San Casciano, in the nearby municipality of San Casciano dei Bagni (9 km far). It is 12 km far from Allerona, 14 from Acquapendente, 30 from Orvieto, 33 from Bolsena and 65 from Viterbo.
Near the village flows a little river named Rio Tirolle and in the east of it is located the "Natural Reserve Monte Rufeno".

</doc>
<doc id="36643389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643389" title="Julianne Schultz">
Julianne Schultz

Professor Julianne Schultz AM (born 1956) is an Australian academic, journalist and author and/or editor of more than thirty books and is also the founding editor of Australian literary journal Griffith REVIEW. She is currently a Professor at Griffith University's Centre for Public Culture and Ideas and is Chair of the Queensland Design Council. She is also the librettist to two operas composed by her brother, Andrew Schultz, titled Black River and Going into Shadows. 
Education.
Schultz completed a PhD at the University of Sydney in 1987 which explored the contemporary relevance of the fourth estate to the practice of journalism in Australia. 
Schultz began her career as a reporter with the ABC moving then to report for the "Australian Financial Review". Schultz was appointed to senior editorial roles and also worked as a media columnist and as Director of corporate and digital strategy. 
While working as an academic at the University of Technology, Schultz was the Founding Director of the Australian Centre for Independent Journalism.
Schultz was invited to co-chair of the Creative Stream at the Australia 2020 Summit in April 2008 and later appointed a member of the Minister for the Arts Creative Australia Advisory Group.
She is a director of the Board of the following organisations: the Australian Broadcasting Corporation, the Grattan Institute, the Foundation for Public Interest Journalism, the Centre for Advanced Journalism and the Editorial Board of the Companion of Australian Media. 
Professor Schultz is on the advisory board of High Resolves Initiative, and is on the leadership council of the Australian Indigenous Mentoring Enterprise.
In 2012 she was appointed Chair of the Reference Group on National Cultural Policy.
Bibliography.
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Griffith University, 2012
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Griffith University, 2012
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Griffith University, 2012
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Griffith University in conjunction with Text Publishing
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Griffith University
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Melbourne, Vic. : Griffith University ; Text Publishing, 
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Melbourne, Vic. : Griffith University ; Text Publishing
Published: Melbourne : Text
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Melbourne, Vic. : Griffith University ; Text Publishing
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Griffith University
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Sydney : Griffith University ; ABC Books, 
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Sydney : Griffith University ; ABC Books
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Griffith Review, 2009
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Sydney, N.S.W. : Griffith University ; ABC Books
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Griffith University in conjunction with ABC Books, 2008
Published: South Brisbane, Qld. : Griffith University in conjunction with ABC Books, 2008
Published: Meadowbrook, Qld. : Griffith University, in conjunction with ABC Books, 2006
Published: Sydney : ABC Books, 2004

</doc>
<doc id="36643403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643403" title="Lady Bird (composition)">
Lady Bird (composition)

"Lady Bird" is a sixteen-bar jazz standard by Tadd Dameron. This "celebrated" composition, "one of the most performed in modern jazz", was written around 1939, and released in 1948. Featuring, "a suave, mellow theme," it is the origin of the Tadd Dameron turnaround (in C: CM7 EM7 AM7 DM7). 
An example of Dameron's interest in keys and/or roots related by thirds, the piece is in binary (or AABC) form and features, through the use of ii-V turnarounds, movement toward three keys other than the tonic; E, A, and G. The first three four-measure phrases end with secondary ii-V's, while the last ends instead with the "Tadd Dameron turnaround" resolving to the tonic.
It has been recorded by Art Blakey, Don Byas, Miles Davis, Stan Getz, Dexter Gordon, Charles Mingus, Lee Morgan, Gerry Mulligan, Bud Powell, Mary Lou Williams, Tete Montoliu, Andy LaVerne, and Barry Harris. Also Tommy Flanagan and Hank Jones.
Miles Davis's "Half Nelson" uses, except for measures seven and eight, the same chord progression as "Lady Bird". "Lazy Susan" is also a contrafact of the Dameron piece.

</doc>
<doc id="36643407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643407" title="Integrated Cycling Federation of the Philippines">
Integrated Cycling Federation of the Philippines

The Integrated Cycling Federation of the Philippines (PhilCycling) is the national governing body for cycling in the Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="36643416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643416" title="Stomner House">
Stomner House

The Stomner House on 3rd St., NE, in Mayville, North Dakota was built in 1896. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
It's significant for its architecture and for its association with the Ellertson and Stomner families.

</doc>
<doc id="36643419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643419" title="Colnaghi">
Colnaghi

P & D Colnaghi & Co is an art dealership in New Bond Street, Mayfair, London, which claims to be the oldest commercial art gallery in the world, having been established in 1760.
Foundation.
The business that became the Colnaghi gallery was established by Italian firework manufacturer, Giovanni Battista Torre, in Paris in 1760. Torre opened a shop with the name "Cabinet de Physique Expérimentale", where he sold scientific instruments, books and prints.
In 1767, Torre's son Anthony Torre moved to London where he opened a sister shop, specialising in prints, in partnership with another Italian immigrant, Anthony Molteno. Giovanni Torre died in 1780, and in 1784 Anthony Torre hired Paul Colnaghi—newly arrived in Paris from Milan—to manage a new shop in Paris. Colnaghi left Paris for London in May 1785, to join Torre and Molteno, who had become successful selling prints by leading engravers such as William Wynne Ryland and Valentine Green. The London business moved to Pall Mall in 1786 and Colnaghi married Anthony Torre's sister-in-law Elizabeth Baker.
Paul Colnaghi.
Anthony Torre retired to Italy in 1788, and Molteno took over as senior partner. The firm operated as "Molteno, Colnaghi & Co." for a time, with a new business connection to Italian partners in Paris, before Molteno left to found a separate company in 1793. Colnaghi now ran the original firm with a succession of partners, concentrating on selling new prints and engravings of Old Master paintings.
Colnaghi published a very popular series of engravings, the "Cries of London", from 1792 to 1797. He moved premises to Cockspur Street in 1799, and survived the disruption to his trade caused by the Napoleonic Wars. His elder son Dominic became a partner in around 1810, and later his younger son Martin also became a partner. The firm held monthly levées at its premises for its customers, many from the British aristocracy. Colnaghi became the official print-seller to the Prince Regent, and he was asked to organise the Royal Collection, receiving a royal warrant when the Prince Regent became George IV. Colnaghi was also print-seller to George's sister, Charlotte, Princess Royal, later Queen of Württemberg. His daughter Caroline had married John Scott in 1807. Scott was founder of the resurrected "London Magazine", in 1820, but was killed in a duel the following year.
Colnaghi's impending retirement to Italy was postponed when his son Martin sued both his father and his brother Dominic in 1824. The settlement of the lawsuit left Martin with the old shop. Martin became bankrupt in 1832 and 1843, and died in 1851, but his son (also Martin) continued the separate business in Pall Mall. Paul and Dominic Colnaghi moved to Pall Mall East—near the nascent National Gallery—and Paul Colnaghi continued to work in the business until he died in 1833.
Dominic Colnaghi and John Scott.
Caroline Scott's son, John Anthony Scott, joined Dominic Colnaghi in the business in 1839. Scott commissioned William Simpson to go to the Crimea in 1854 to make watercolour sketches of scenes from the Crimean War, published as a series of 81 lithographs in "The Seat of War in the East". The gallery also sold photographs by Roger Fenton. After this early experience with photography, the gallery commissioned Leonida Caldesi and Mattia Montecchi to take photographs at the Art Treasures Exhibition in 1857, published in " Gems of the Manchester Art Treasures Exhibition" in 1858, and Colnaghi published artistic photographs by Julia Margaret Cameron from 1864.
The firm was associated with John Constable, assisting him to exhibit "The Hay Wain" at the Paris Salon in 1824, where it won a gold medal. The art dealership organised exhibitions for the British Institution, and of paintings by Eugène Delacroix in 1829. After Scott died in 1864, and Dominic Colnaghi retired in 1865 and died in 1879, Scott's cousin Andrew McKay became sole proprietor. He was joined by his son William KcKay in 1879.
Old Master art dealer.
When Andrew McKay retired in 1894, William McKay was joined in partnership by Edmund Deprez and Otto Gutekunst. Gutekunst was the son of Hermann Gutekunst, who managed the London branch of Paris art dealer Goupil & Cie in the 1860s. From the early 1860s he was working in the firm's London branch then managed by . The change of partners led to a significant change in the focus of the dealership. Colnaghi had been known primarily as a print-seller in the 19th century, but the firm started to gain a reputation as a dealer of Old Master paintings. The sale of original Old Master works accelerated for a number of reasons: the Settled Land Act 1882 allowed the breaking of entailed estates, allowing sales of aristocratic collections; the need to pay death duties, introduced in 1894, spurred the sale of works from the collections of the British aristocracy; and American collectors developed a taste for Old Master works.
With American art dealer Bernard Berenson, Colnaghi established a collection of Old Master paintings for Isabella Stewart Gardner for her house in Boston, including the "Rape of Europa" by Titian, acquired from Lord Darlney in 1896. The firm sold two paintings from the collection of Prince Mario Chigi Albano della Rovere—Botticelli's "Madonna of the Eucharist" and Titian's "Portrait of Pietro Aretino"—to Henry Clay Frick, now in the Frick Collection, although the sale of Italian paintings dried up after Prince Chigi was prosecuted under Italian new law prohibiting the export of pictures. The new law also prevented the sale of Titian's "Sacred and Profane Love" from the Borghese collection. Berenson was offered a partnership by Colnaghi in 1901, but decided not to accept the offer and later signed a partnership agreement with Colnaghi's arch-rival, Joseph Duveen.
Colnaghi hired instead Charlie Carstairs of New York gallery Knoedler instead. Colnaghi developed a fruitful relationship with Knoedler, with Colnaghi finding suitable paintings in Europe for Knoedler to sell to wealthy collectors in the US, including Andrew Mellon. Through Knoedler, Colnaghi sold to Mellon a Rembrandt Self-portrait that Gutekunst had acquired from the Duke of Buccleuch, and Holbein's "Portrait of Edward VI".
Colnaghi negotiated the sale of Lord Ashburnham's Botticelli, "The Death of Lucretia" to Isabella Stewart Gardner, and also the sale of Rembrandt's "Preacher Anslo and his wife". Colnaghi assisted Wilhelm von Bode to negotiate for the acquisition of the Hope Collection (gathered by banker Thomas Hope and inherited by Francis Hope, later 8th Duke of Newcastle) for the Berlin State Museums.
Colnaghi sold Holbein's "Christina of Denmark, Duchess of Milan" to the National Gallery in for a record price of £61,000, acquired from the collection of the Duke of Norfolk.
Deprez retired in 1907, and William McKay in 1911. The firm merged with Obach & Co in 1911—Gutekunst having married Charles Obach's daughter Lena in 1882—and Gustavus Mayer, formerly manager of Obach in New Bond Street, joined as Colnaghi as a partner, with the firm renamed P. & D. Colnaghi and Obach. The firm moved to a new building in New Bond Street in 1912, but returned to the name P. and D. Colnaghi and Company in 1914 (perhaps due to popular sentiment against German-sounding names at the beginning of the First World War).
Hermitage sales.
Conlaghi was involved in the secret sales by the Soviet government of works from the Russian Imperial collection in the Hermitage in the 1920s and 1930s, along with Knoedler and Matthiesen in Berlin.
Calouste Gulbenkian had bought four sets of works from the Russian government in 1928 to 1930, most now held by the Calouste Gulbenkian Museum in Lisbon. Colnaghi, Knoedler and Matthiesen assisted Paul Mellon to acquire many Russian works, including van Dyck's "Portrait of Philip, 4th Lord Wharton", Jan van Eyck's "Annunciation", Botticelli's "Adoration of the Magi", Perugino's "Crucifixion", Raphael's "Saint George and the Dragon" and "Alba Madonna", Titian's "Venus with a Mirror", and other works by Rembrandt and van Dyck. Mellon later donated his collection to the National Gallery of Art in Washington, DC.
Recent history.
In 1937, the firm becomes a limited company, with three directors: Otto Gutekunst, Gustavus Mayer, and James Byam Shaw. Gutekunst retired in 1939 and died in 1947; Mayer died in 1954. Meanwhile Harold Wright and Tom Baskett became directors in 1939, and Roderic Thesiger in 1955.
Colnaghi moved from New Bond Street to Old Bond Street in 1940, to share space with Knoedler. The Old Master Drawings department became pre-eminent under the leadership of James Byam Shaw, and Byam Shaw largely determined the direction of the firm after Mayer's death in 1954 until his own retirement in 1968. The gallery was involved in the sale of an outstanding collection of prints by the Prince of Liechtenstein.
As Thesiger also wished to retire, and John Baskett wanted to start his own business, Jacob Rothschild bought the company in 1970. He sold Colnaghi to the Oetker Group in 1981, owned by a Colnaghi client Rudolf Oetker. Colnaghi expanded in the buoyant art market of the 1980s, opening a gallery in New York in 1983. Changing market conditions led to the closure of the print and watercolour departments in 1989, followed by the closure of Paris gallery and then Colnaghi New York in 1996. In 2001, the Oetker Group sold Colnaghi to Konrad Bernheimer, owner of Bernheimer Old Masters in Munich which had been founded in 1864. Colnaghi was merged with the gallery run by Katrin Bellinger, and Bellinger took charge of the Colnaghi drawings department.

</doc>
<doc id="36643421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643421" title="2012 Johan Cruijff Schaal">
2012 Johan Cruijff Schaal

The 2012 Johan Cruijff Schaal was held on 5 August 2012 at the Amsterdam ArenA. The match was between 2011–12 KNVB Cup winners PSV Eindhoven and the 2011–12 Eredivisie winners AFC Ajax. PSV won 4-2 in the Amsterdam ArenA in front of 52,000 fans.

</doc>
<doc id="36643430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643430" title="In Search of La Che">
In Search of La Che

In Search of La Che is a spoof documentary following music fan John Tavish in his quest to retrace the steps of missing Scottish rock star, Roxy La Che.
Plot.
Like many who grew up in the 1980s, John Tavish enjoyed the music of rock legend Roxy La Che. After years transforming the face of music, Roxy was caught up in the lethal potassium drug craze that swept the nation for many years. Despite twice being admitted to rehab, Roxy never fully recovered and disappeared in 1994 without a trace.
Now 15 years after his disappearance, John Tavish goes in search of his hero and finally solve the mystery of what happened to Roxy La Che.
Release and reception.
The film premiered at the Glasgow Film Theatre on the 9th of November 2011. It was the first leading role of former thai kickboxing champion, Duncan Airlie James.
The film received a positive review from Flicker Magazine in the United Kingdom but in the United States the film failed to amuse American audiences with many blaming the thick Scottish dialect. Despite this, the film was selected to appear in the spring showcase of the 2014 American Online Film Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="36643448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643448" title="Equidissection">
Equidissection

In geometry, an equidissection is a polygon that has been cut up into triangles of equal area. The study of equidissections began in the late 1960s with Monsky's theorem, which states that a square cannot be equidissected into an odd number of triangles. In fact, most polygons cannot be equidissected at all.
Much of the literature is aimed at generalizing Monsky's theorem to broader classes of polygons. The general question is: Which polygons can be equidissected into how many pieces? Particular attention has been given to trapezoids, kites, regular polygons, centrally symmetric polygons, polyominos, and hypercubes.
Equidissections do not have many direct applications. They are considered interesting because the results are counterintuitive at first, and for a geometry problem with such a simple definition, the theory requires some surprisingly sophisticated algebraic tools. Many of the results rely upon extending "p"-adic valuations to the real numbers and extending Sperner's lemma to more general colored graphs.
Overview.
Definitions.
A "dissection" of a polygon "P" is a finite set of triangles that do not overlap and whose union is all of "P". A dissection into "n" triangles is called an "n"-dissection, and it is classified as an "even dissection" or an "odd dissection" according to whether "n" is even or odd.
An "equidissection" is a dissection in which every triangle has the same area. For a polygon "P", the set of all "n" for which an "n"-equidissection of "P" exists is called the "spectrum" of "P" and denoted "S"("P"). A general theoretical goal is to compute the spectrum of a given polygon.
A dissection is called "simplicial" if the triangles meet only along common edges. Some authors restrict their attention to simplicial dissections, especially in the secondary literature, since they are easier to work with. For example, the usual statement of Sperner's lemma applies only to simplicial dissections. Often simplicial dissections are called "triangulations", although the vertices of the triangles are not restricted to the vertices or edges of the polygon. Simplicial equidissections are therefore also called "equal-area triangulations".
The terms can be extended to higher-dimensional polytopes: an equidissection is set of simplexes having the same "n"-volume.
Preliminaries.
It is easy to find an "n"-equidissection of a triangle for all "n". As a result, if a polygon has an "m"-equidissection, then it also has an "mn"-equidissection for all "n". In fact, often a polygon's spectrum consists precisely of the multiples of some number "m"; in this case, both the spectrum and the polygon are called "principal" and the spectrum is denoted formula_1. For example, the spectrum of a triangle is formula_2. A simple example of a non-principal polygon is the quadrilateral with vertices (0, 0), (1, 0), (0, 1), (3/2, 3/2); its spectrum includes 2 and 3 but not 1.
Affine transformations of the plane are useful for studying equidissections, including translations, uniform and non-uniform scaling, reflections, rotations, shears, and other similarities and linear maps. Since an affine transformation preserves straight lines and ratios of areas, it sends equidissections to equidissections. This means that one is free to apply any affine transformation to a polygon that might give it a more manageable form. For example, it is common to choose coordinates such that three of the vertices of a polygon are (0, 1), (0, 0), and (1, 0).
The fact that affine transformations preserve equidissections also means that certain results can be easily generalized. All results stated for a regular polygon also hold for affine-regular polygons; in particular, results concerning the unit square also apply to other parallelograms, including rectangles and rhombuses. All results stated for polygons with integer coordinates also apply to polygons with rational coordinates, or polygons whose vertices fall on any other lattice.
Best results.
Monsky's theorem states that a square has no odd equidissections, so its spectrum is formula_3. More generally, it is known that centrally symmetric polygons and polyominos have no odd equidissections. A conjecture by Stein proposes that no "special polygon" has an odd equidissection, where a special polygon is one whose equivalence classes of parallel edges each sum to the zero vector. Squares, centrally symmetric polygons, and polyominos are all special polygons.
For "n" > 4, the spectrum of a regular "n"-gon is formula_4. For "n" > 1, the spectrum of an "n"-dimensional cube is formula_5, where "n"! is the factorial of "n".
Let "T"("a") be a trapezoid where "a" is the ratio of parallel side lengths. If "a" is a rational number, then "T"("a") is principal. In fact, if "r"/"s" is a fraction in lowest terms, then formula_6. More generally, all convex polygons with rational coordinates can be equidissected, although not all of them are principal; see the above example of a kite with a vertex at (3/2, 3/2).
At the other extreme, if "a" is a transcendental number, then "T"("a") has no equidissection. More generally, no polygon whose vertex coordinates are algebraically independent has an equidissection. This means that almost all polygons with more than three sides cannot be equidissected. Although most polygons cannot be cut into equal-area triangles, all polygons can be cut into equal-area quadrilaterals.
If "a" is an algebraic irrational number, then "T"("a") is a trickier case. If "a" is algebraic of degree 2 or 3 (quadratic or cubic), and its conjugates all have positive real parts, then "S"("T"("a")) contains all sufficiently large "n" such that "n"/(1 + "a") is an algebraic integer. It is conjectured that a similar condition involving stable polynomials may determine whether or not the spectrum is empty for algebraic numbers "a" of all degrees.
History.
The idea of an equidissection seems like the kind of elementary geometric concept that should be quite old. remark of Monsky's theorem, "one could have guessed that surely the answer must have been known for a long time (if not to the Greeks)." But the study of equidissections did not begin until 1965, when Fred Richman was preparing a master's degree exam at New Mexico State University.
Monsky's theorem.
Richman wanted to include a question on geometry in the exam, and he noticed that it was difficult to find (what is now called) an odd equidissection of a square. Richman proved to himself that it was impossible for 3 or 5, that the existence of an "n"-equidissection implies the existence of an -dissection, and that certain quadrilaterals arbitrarily close to being squares have odd equidissections. However, he did not solve the general problem of odd equidissections of squares, and he left it off the exam. Richman's friend John Thomas became interested in the problem; in his recollection,
Thomas proved that an odd equidissection was impossible if the coordinates of the vertices are rational numbers with odd denominators. He submitted this proof to "Mathematics Magazine", but it was put on hold:
The question was instead given as an Advanced Problem in the "American Mathematical Monthly" . When nobody else submitted a solution, the proof was published in "Mathematics Magazine" , three years after it was written. then built on Thomas' argument to prove that there are no odd equidissections of a square, without any rationality assumptions.
Monsky's proof relies on two pillars: a combinatorial result that generalizes Sperner's lemma and an algebraic result, the existence of a 2-adic valuation on the real numbers. A clever coloring of the plane then implies that in all dissections of the square, at least one triangle has an area with what amounts to an even denominator, and therefore all equidissections must be even. The essence of the argument is found already in , but was the first to use a 2-adic valuation to cover dissections with arbitrary coordinates.
Generalizations.
The first generalization of Monsky's theorem was , who proved that the spectrum of an "n"-dimensional cube is formula_5. The proof is revisited by .
Generalization to regular polygons arrived in 1985, during a geometry seminar run by G. D. Chakerian at UC Davis. Elaine Kasimatis, a graduate student, "was looking for some algebraic topic she could slip into" the seminar. Sherman Stein suggested dissections of the square and the cube: "a topic that Chakerian grudgingly admitted was geometric." After her talk, Stein asked about regular pentagons. Kasimatis answered with , proving that for "n" > 5, the spectrum of a regular "n"-gon is formula_4. Her proof builds on Monsky's proof, extending the "p"-adic valuation to the complex numbers for each prime divisor of "n" and applying some elementary results from the theory of cyclotomic fields. It is also the first proof to explicitly use an affine transformation to set up a convenient coordinate system. then framed the problem of finding the spectrum of a general polygon, introducing the terms "spectrum" and "principal". They proved that almost all polygons lack equidissections, and that not all polygons are principal.
Attempting to generalize the results for regular "n"-gons for even "n", conjectured that no centrally symmetric polygon has an odd equidissection, and he proved the "n" = 6 and "n" = 8 cases. The full conjecture was proved by . A decade later, Stein made what he describes as "a surprising breakthrough", conjecturing that no polyomino has an odd equidissection. He proved the result of a polyomino with an odd number of squares in . The full conjecture was proved when treated the even case.
The topic of equidissections has recently been popularized by treatments in "The Mathematical Intelligencer" , a volume of the Carus Mathematical Monographs , and the fourth edition of "Proofs from THE BOOK" .
Related problems.
Günter M. Ziegler asked the converse problem in 2003: Given a dissection of the whole of a polygon into "n" triangles, how close can the triangle areas be to equal? In particular, what is the smallest possible difference between the areas of the smallest and largest triangles? Let the smallest difference be "M"("n") for a square and "M"("a", "n") for the trapezoid "T"("a"). Then "M"("n") is 0 for even "n" and greater than 0 for odd "n". gave the asymptotic upper bound "M"("n") = O(1/"n"2) (see Big O notation). improves the bound to "M"("n") = O(1/"n"3) with a better dissection, and he proves that there exist values of "a" for which "M"("a", "n") decreases arbitrarily quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="36643462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643462" title="Ain Farah">
Ain Farah

Ain Farah is an archaeological site in Darfur in western Sudan. It was at one time the capital of the last Tunjur ruler, Shau Dorshid. It comprises large-scale area of stone and brick walls. It has been visited or described many times. Ain Farah moved one author to quote Macaulay – “like an eagle’s nest that hangs on the crest”, for it is built some above a spring. It is characterised by several hundred brick and stone structures and terraces, and is defended by steep ridges and by a massive stone wall long. There is a brick and stone edifice which appears to have served as a mosque, a large stone group which may have served as a public building, and a main group on the highest point of the ridge, described variously as a royal residence or military defence.
Geography.
It lies in the Furnung Hills some northwest of El Fasher, and to the southwest of Dongola. The region is picturesque, with relatively fertile hills and spring sources. The archaeological site is situated close to a hill, about above the source lakes. Date palms thrive in the lakes. From there, the access goes through a dry valley, which was previously secured in the back by a wall.
Archaeology.
Archaeological work is in early stages. A survey of a sample of houses and excavation of a grave was undertaken by Ibrahim Musa Mohammed (1986) during his survey of Darfur. The grave contained a flexed burial and over 200 iron beads, an ostrich eggshell necklace, a perforated cowrie shell, and iron jewellery. One of the corroded iron objects yielded a surprisingly early date (1500 +/- 200 bp, Q 3155), falling at least six and perhaps as many as eleven centuries before the likely time of the Tunjur; Mohammed interprets this as signifying a pre-Islamic presence and continuation into Islamic times. Christian Nubian pottery has been found at the site in the ruins of a brick-built monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="36643464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643464" title="The Black Hole War">
The Black Hole War

The Black Hole War: My Battle with Stephen Hawking to Make the World Safe for Quantum Mechanics is a 2008 popular science book by American theoretical physicist Leonard Susskind. The book covers the black hole information paradox, and the related scientific dispute between Stephen Hawking and Susskind. Susskind is known for his work on string theory and wrote a previous popular science book, "The Cosmic Landscape", in 2005.
Hawking proposed that information is lost in black holes, and not preserved in Hawking radiation. Susskind disagreed, arguing that Hawking's conclusions violated one of the most basic scientific laws of the universe, the conservation of information. As Susskind depicts in his book, "The Black Hole War" was a "genuine scientific controversy" between scientists favoring an emphasis on the principles of relativity against those in favor of quantum mechanics. The debate led to the holographic principle, proposed by Gerard 't Hooft and refined by Susskind, which suggested that the information is in fact preserved, stored on the boundary of a system.
Reception.
Sean Carrol of the "Wall Street Journal" praised the book for successfully explaining the topic, despite the difficulty of the subject, in a way that lay readers could understand. Carrol writes that the
book contains a "wealth of anecdotes", and that Susskind's "wit and storytelling abilities ... are pleasantly on display in" the book. George Johnson of "The New York Times" was critical of the beginning of the book, writing that the introduction on the basic concepts of relativity and quantum mechanics was excessive, especially for readers who have already read other popular science books on theoretical physics. "Time Magazine"'s Lev Grossman gave the book a B+, saying that "you could dismiss it all as nerd-on-nerd violence, but then you'd miss out on Susskind explaining why the universe is actually a hologram." Jesse Cohen of the "Los Angeles Times" criticized the book for its "tendency to meander" with personal anecdotes, although the book "glows with the warmth of conversation." The "New Scientist" included the book on its 2008 editor's picks list and the "Washington Post" listed it as one of the best books of 2008 in their annual holiday shopping guide.

</doc>
<doc id="36643466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643466" title="Amir Korangy">
Amir Korangy

Amir R. Korangy (born November 21, 1973) is an Iranian-American publisher and film producer, who founded the business magazine, The Real Deal, about real estate and finance news. He also produced the PBS documentary, Building Stories about architect Costas Kondylis.
Korangy was born in Tehran, Iran. After the Islamic Revolution of 1979 his family left Iran as political refugees and spent time in Paris and Madrid before settling in the Washington DC area. Korangy received a BA in Journalism and Foreign Policy at Boston University and attended Emerson College.
Career.
After college, Korangy moved to Baja, Mexico where he commenced his career as a publisher. He started "South of the Border", a weekly newspaper that targeted expatriates living in Baja. The paper was bought within the first year by the "Gringo Gazette", another local newspaper. His next venture was the founding of "The Washington Free Press", a weekly tabloid challenging DC’s conservative media culture. "The Washington Free Press" was sold to the "Washington City Paper" in 1997.
After graduate studies at Emerson College, Korangy moved to New York City in 1999. He worked at Yahoo Inc., and eventually began investing in New York City real estate. These transactions inspired Korangy to recognize a void in that industry for compelling real estate news.
In April 2003 Korangy put out the first edition of The Real Deal from his apartment in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn. The Real Deal provides an inside look into the prominent New York real estate market as well as reports national and international market trends. There is also a South Florida edition of "The Real Deal". The monthly magazine includes an array of news exclusives, wide-ranging interviews, and in-depth analyses for brokers, developers, investors, appraisers, bankers, architects and real estate enthusiasts. "The Real Deal" has been coined the “Bible” by many in the real estate industry. The Real Deal has a monthly print readership of 132,000 and a monthly online audience of over 1.2 million visitors and 6 million impressions.
Each year Korangy hosts thousands of real estate professionals at The Real Deal Annual Forum held at Lincoln Center where he introduces and interviews industry luminaries.
In pursuing his interests in film and real estate, Korangy produced "Building Stories", a feature documentary on the life of architect, Costas Kondylis, which aired on PBS in 2012. The film features development moguls Donald Trump, Larry Silverstein, and Aby Rosen; founding editor of "Dwell" magazine, Karrie Jacobs; architecture critics and historians, James Gardner, Francis Morrone, and Kenneth Frampton; and Pritzker Prize-winning architect Richard Meier.
Korangy serves on the Board of Directors for SalesCrunch.
In the Media.
Through his work as publisher of "The Real Deal", Korangy has been called upon as an industry expert and has been regularly quoted in publications including "The New York Times" and "Forbes" and appeared on news programs on CNN, CNBC, and FOX News. Korangy also serves as a thought leader to the print and digital publishing sector by sitting on industry panels for conferences such as Inman Real Estate Connect.
Accolades.
Under Korangy’s leadership, "The Real Deal" was named the best publication and real estate news website by the National Association of Real Estate Editors (NAREE) for 2010 and 2011. In 2012, Korangy was named Entrepreneur of the Year by the Young Jewish Professionals (YJP). In 2009, he was presented with the Boy Scouts of America Explorer's Leadership Award for his work with underprivileged inner city kids. In 2009, Korangy was listed in The New York Observer’s Power 100 list of the most powerful people in New York Real Estate. In 2013, Inman News named Korangy one of the 100 Most Influential Real Estate leaders in the Media category.
Personal life.
Korangy resides in the Manhattan borough of New York City. He is a collector and supporter of the arts. Within 7 months in 2007, Korangy completed both the Paris and New York City marathons. Since then he has given up running.

</doc>
<doc id="36643469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643469" title="Frogeye salad">
Frogeye salad

Frogeye salad (alt. Frog-eye salad, Frog's eye salad) is a type of pasta salad. It is made with acini di pepe pasta, whipped topping and egg yolks. Fruit, such as mandarin oranges and pineapples, is often mixed in, and it is sometimes topped with marshmallows.
The salad has a strong regional presence in Utah and among members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="36643476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643476" title="Institut Pendidikan Guru Kampus Tun Abdul Razak">
Institut Pendidikan Guru Kampus Tun Abdul Razak

Institut Pendidikan Guru Kampus Tun Abdul Razak (English: Institute of Teacher Education Tun Abdul Razak Campus) or IPG Kampus Tun Abdul Razak (formerly known as "Maktab Perguruan Samarahan") is an institute of teacher education in Malaysia under the Ministry of Education. The campus is situated at Jalan Dato Mohd. Musa in Kota Samarahan, Sarawak, East Malaysia.
Anthem.
Iptarku gemilang.
Song & Lyric By: Abdul Latiff Bin Poli
Bergema suara kami
Mendukung amanah bangsa
Berikrar bersama bersatu hati
Pendidik guru yang setia
Akan lahirlah wira
Bakal guru berwawasan
Memegang etika perguruan
Mendidik generasi baru
IPTARku gedung ilmu
Harus diterokai
Amalkan pengetahuan yang ada
Pastikan Falsafah Pendidikan Tercapai
Martabat profession perguruan
Berusaha dengan kecemerlangan
Sains teknologi kita manfaatkan
Agama jadi pegangan
Harum namamu IPTARku gemilang
Institut Perguruan Tun Abdul Razak
Berganding bahu
Seia dan sekata

</doc>
<doc id="36643489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643489" title="B. Joseph Tully">
B. Joseph Tully

Bernard Joseph Tully is an American politician, twice convicted on federal corruption charges, who served in the Massachusetts Senate and was City Manager of Lowell, Massachusetts.
Tully was born on January 4, 1927 in Lowell. He attended Boston University. Prior to his election to the state senate, Tully worked as a manufacturer's agent as was a member of the Dracut, Massachusetts Board of Selectmen.
From 1971 to 1979, Tully represented the First Middlesex District in the Massachusetts Senate. He resigned from the Senate after he was selected by the Lowell City Council to serve as city manager. He remained city manager until his retirement in 1987.
In 1988, Tully was found guilty of attempted extortion and mail fraud and sentenced to three years in federal prison in a case involving a land swap made with an auto dealership during his tenure as city manager.
In 2011 he pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud after he took $12,000 worth of bribes from a Lowell landlord who was looking for the Registry of Motor Vehicles to renew its leased with him. Tully reached out to the owner and told him that if he paid him he would pay off a state senator and help keep the Registry office open. Tully and a partner pocketed the bribes and did not pay off any public officials.

</doc>
<doc id="36643498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643498" title="Jan Maertz Engelsman">
Jan Maertz Engelsman

Jan Maertz Engelsman (1593, Hoorn – 1654, Alkmaar), was a Dutch Golden Age painter and member of the Hoorn city council.
Biography.
According to Houbraken he was a glasspainter who taught Josef Oostfries.
He was also known as Jan Jansz Engelsman or simply Jan Maertsz, and was a member of the Hoorn council from 1594 to 1618.
He is mentioned in Theodorus Velius' "Chronyk van Hoorn". Stained glass windows by him are registered in Alkmaar, Zuid-Schermer, Broek in Waterland, and Etershem.
According to the RKD he was a glasspainter who signed his works "IME".

</doc>
<doc id="36643500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643500" title="Grand Valley Local School District">
Grand Valley Local School District

The Grand Valley Local School District is a public school district in Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States, based in Orwell, Ohio.
Schools.
The Grand Valley Local School District has one elementary school, one middle school, and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36643525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643525" title="Canadian Synchrotron Radiation Facility">
Canadian Synchrotron Radiation Facility

The Canadian Synchrotron Radiation Facility (CSRF) () was Canada's national synchrotron facility from 1983-2005. Eventually consisting of three beamlines at the Synchrotron Radiation Center at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, USA, it served the Canadian synchrotron community until the opening of the Canadian Light Source in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, finally ceasing operations in 2008.
Beginnings.
In 1972 Mike Bancroft, a chemistry professor at the University of Western Ontario (UWO) took part in a workshop organised by Bill McGowan on the uses of synchrotron radiation. At the time there were no synchrotron users in Canada, but as a result of contact established with then-director Ed Rowe at the meeting, he began work at the Synchrotron Radiation Center (SRC) in Madison, Wisconsin, in 1975. 
After several failed attempts were made to establish a synchrotron facility in Canada, Bancroft submitted a proposal to the National Research Council (NRC) to build a Canadian beamline on the existing Tantalus synchrotron at SRC. Rowe had offered Bancroft 100% use of the beamline at no charge in perpetuity - Bancroft recalled that Rowe "had a soft spot for Canadians, he had some relatives from Canada, so he was extremely helpful". In 1978 the newly created NSERC awarded capital funding. This was not sufficient, and further funding was obtained from the UWO Academic Development Fund and NSERC the following year to complete two endstations. Bancoft would later say "We hoped to get more beamlines so we called it the Canadian Synchrotron Radiation Facility (CSRF)". Bancroft was appointed Scientific Director, with Norman Sherman of NRC, who were to own and manage the facility, as manager. Operating money was initially provided by UWO, and Kim Tan was hired as the CSRF operations manager, to be based in Madison.
1978-1988: Grasshopper beamline.
A "Grasshopper"-type monochromator - so-called as its mechanical drive arm resembled a grasshopper's hind legs - was ordered from Baker Engineering. This type of monochromator had been specifically designed for use with synchrotron radiation, and had proven easy to use, rugged and dependable at the existing SRC ring, Tantalus, and at the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Laboratory. The beamline was installed within a year, and by late 1981 initial results showed the performance to be state of the art over the 50-500eV photon energy range.
Notable early work included X-ray microscopy on biological samples, and gas-phase spectroscopy with a very influential series of papers on noble gases. In the mid-1980s the number of publications steadily increased, as did operating funding through NRC and NSERC. 
SRC was building a new synchrotron, Aladdin, and again Rowe offered CSRF 100% use of their beamline at no change in perpetuity on the new machine. Aladdin was seriously delayed, to the point where its funding was cut and future seemed highly uncertain.
With the new machine's performance improving, the decision was made to transfer the beamline to Aladdin in January 1986, some months before Aladdin's funding was restored. Bancroft later commented: "We were I think, the first beamline to transfer over, maybe we took a little bit of a risk because Aladdin’s performance wasn’t completely confirmed".
On Aladdin, with the higher X-ray intensity, new areas of science were opened up and the number of users increased mostly focused on X-ray absorption and photoemission spectroscopy of gases and solids. A photoemission spectrometer was donated by Ron Cavell of the University of Alberta and modifiied for high resolution gas-phase work.
1988-1998: DCM beamline.
The X-ray intensity from Aladdin was much higher than on Tantalus, especially in the photon energy range up to 4000eV. These higher energies were potentially available using higher energy monochromators than the Grasshopper. In 1987, with Bancroft now chair of the Chemistry department at UWO he planned for a new beamline to cover the 1500-400eV energy range. A successful application was made to ther recently formed Ontario Centre for Materials Research, and T.K. Sham was hired away from Brookhaven National Laboratory to design the beamline. A double crystal monochromator (DCM) was selected, to be built by the Madison Physical Sciences Laboratory, using a cylindrical mirror with a novel bending mechanism to focus the X-ray beam after the monochromator. B.X. Yang, also from Brookhaven, was hired in 1988 to construct the beamline. The beamline was built in less than 18 months, and was officially opened in 1990. 
The CSRF DCM beamline was regarded as particularly notable by SRC as it was the only beamline at the facility to reach energies higher than 1500 eV.
With two beamlines, use by the Canadian community increased, with more than 40 scientists from 10 Canadian institutions using the facility from 1990-1992. Funding was now stable and adequate, with no charges to users.
1998-2008: SGM beamline.
The energy range from 300 to 1500 eV was still unavailable at CSRF, so in 1992 Bancroft applied to NSERC for a third beamline. Funding was obtained in 1994 and Brian Yates, who had been Bancroft's first synchrotron PhD student, was hired to construct the beamline. The design chosen was a so-called Dragon-type spherical grating monochromator, with a single grating covering the range 240-700 eV, designed and manufactured by MacPherson Inc. The beamline was somewhat delayed, but was operational for users in 1998. Adam Hitchcock of McMaster University donated a photoemission spectrometer for coincidence measurements.
For the last 10 years of its existence CSRF was managed by Walter Davidson of NRC, with T.K. Sham (UWO) as Scientific Director. In 2004 the SGM beamine was decommissioned and taken to Canada for use on the new Canadian facility, while the remaining two beamlines, 30 and 15 years old, were still working well in 2007.
The Canadian Light Source and the end of CSRF.
Following a prolonged campaign by the Canadian sycnhrotron user community, the decision was made in 1999 to build a Canadian synchrotron in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan: the Canadian Light Source (CLS). A proposal was made by the CSRF user community to take all three CSRF beamlines to the CLS and install them on the newer synchrotron. However the CLS' Facility Advisory Committee recommended that only the SGM beamline be re-used, with newer replacements constructed for the other two beamlines. In the event, only the monochromator and exit slit mechanism of the SGM beamline were taken to Canada and re-used, with some mofifications, in the beamline of the same name at the CLS. The Grasshopper monochromator was also taken to the CLS, where it is now a museum piece, while the DCM beamline was left at SRC where it continues in use. At the CLS the VLS-PGM and SXRMB beamlines, respectively were built to replace those two beamlines. 
CSRF formally ceased operations on March 31, 2008. Several ex-CSRF personnel, including Kim Tan, moved to the CLS, and the Saskatoon laboratory employed many former CSRF users. Emil Hallin, then of the Saskatchewan Accelerator Laboratory which designed the CLS, now its Director of Strategic Scientific Development, got his first experience of synchrotron beamlines at CSRF.

</doc>
<doc id="36643532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643532" title="Jayville, New York">
Jayville, New York

Jayville was a hamlet located in the southwest part of St. Lawrence County, New York, in the United States. The hamlet started as a mining community in 1850 on what eventually became the Carthage and Adirondack Railroad. Its existence was short lived as its non-favorable mineral composition and difficult ore availability was abandoned in favor of neighboring Benson Mines, located down the railroad to the east. After mining stopped in the community, other industries such as saw mills kept the population busy. Ultimately, these business were short lived. A further attempt to reopen the mines in 1914 failed and an eventual fire ended the existence of the hamlet of Jayville. Today remnants of the hamlet can be found off the now abandoned railroad station located on New York State owned land southeast of Harrisville on Jayville Road.
History.
1850-1880: According to old reports, the Jayville property was opened for iron ore in 1854 by Z.H. Benton. Little ore was removed at that time. In 1886, upon completion of the Carthage and Adirondack Railroad to Jayville, the property was leased from Beton by the Bryon D. Benson interest. Operation by the Bensons, under the name of the Magnetic Iron Ore Co, continued to 1888, in which year the property was abandoned in favor of the deposit at Little River (now Benson Mines)
1880s: One of the most significant events if Jayville history was in 1884 when New York State commissioned the building of the Carthage and Adirondack railroad to run from Carthage to Jayville. This railroad was completed in 1887. Later in 1889 the railroad was continued to Benson Mines.
Mining thrived in the 1880s. Prior to 1889, the Megnetic Iron Ore Company had expended a large amount of money in building a railroad to the mines at Jayville, NY, developing them and securing the property at little river, before it was finally discovered that ore of good quality, in its natural state, could not be take from the mines in paying quantities. It was therefore decided by the company that the only thing to be done, to save the investment in these properties, was to establish a large concentrating plant at Little River – now Benson Mines – and to extend the railroad to that point.
1890s: During the 1890s sawmills were opened in the hamlet of Jayville. Sawmills ultimately replaced the mining activity in Jayville. In 1892, costly litigation over mineral rights and railroad tariffs that traveled through private land owned by Proctor (Proctor vs Benson) ultimately stopped mining in the hamlet. Throughout the 1890s and through the early 1900s, Jayville remained in existence surviving on Railroad traffic and saw mill industries.
1900s: In 1914, the mines were attempted to be reopened; however this attempt was short lived and activity in the hamlet slowly wound down to its eventual demise in history. Mr. Howard Hughes bought the mines property and sunk a lot of money pumping the water out of the old pits. He operated at a loss for about 3 years and then closed them. The mother load of ore hiding under Twin Ponds was the goal, but water kept seeping in and filled them as fast as they could be pumped out.
1940s: In 1941 the Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp made geologic, dip-needle and Hotchkiss superdip surveys of the area on a scale of 1:600 and drilled eight inclined holes whole total length was 2,366 feet. Most of the diamond-drill holes were 200 to 250 feet deep, but several were 350 to 450 deep. As a result of this exploration, the company concluded that the property was of little interest as a potential producer of lump ore.
Railroad.
Rail Station.
Location.
A railroad station existed at Jayville. The Jayville stop on the railroad was labeled as 4E. Its exact location was plotted by the USGS in 1913. That location is: 44°9′15″N 75°11′20″W.
Workers.
As was customary for the times a telegrapher was stationed at Jayville. The position of telegrapher was a union job, organized in New York State under the Order of Railroad Telegraphers. In 1913 it was noted that Brother Seamen was the telegrapher for the hamlet.
Train Schedule.
As published by the Rand-McNally in 1902, there were three trains that ran through Jayville. (437,487,451) The train schedule was published by the New York Central & Hudson Railroad and posted under the Carthage and Adirondack Branch.
Mining.
Early Mining/Furnaces.
The earliest mentions of Ore being removed from Jayville date all the way back to 1833. At that time a blast furnace was built by the Fuller brothers at Fullervulle, southwest of Edwards. It operated on ores from Little York mine, bog ores from Edwards, and magnetic ores from Jaayville and Clifton. This furnace was closed in 1882.
The next know uses of Jayville Magnetite was in 1855. IN 1846 the Alpine Host-blast Charcoal furnace was built. This furnace was owned by Z.H. Benton of Oxbow. Its location was southwest of Antwerp on the outlet of Boney Lake. 1,218 tones of iron out of red hermatite ore from Kearney or Indian Lake mine, mixed with black magnetite from the Jayville bed was used at the furnace.
Also around this time speculation of an abundance of magnetic iron ore was starting to build at Jayville. At the time in 1850's over 100 tons were taken from the Jayville Mines.
One of the most significant figures in increasing mine activity at Jayville was Z.H. Benton. It was said that the Carthage & Adirondakc Railway owes its existence to Colonel Benton as he was unceasing in their errors to establish a link to the Jayville mines.
Mineral Composition.
The ore quality that was taken from Jayville was said to be of the utmost quality. Some very rich specimens of magnetic ore from the Jayville mine were shown in the Main Building at the May 5th, 1877 Iron Ores of the United States Philadelphia Exhibition.
Four specimens represent the Jayville Mine; taken June 22, 1881:
The mine has yielded several tens of thousands of tons of magnetite ore; associated with the magnetite ore are supergene hematite, vonsenite, Fluorite in dar mica skarn, pyroxeneamphibole skarn and quartz-bearing amphibole skarn. Parts of the amphibole skarn and the iron ore are rish in Fluorite; this type of skarn is as much as a few feet thick and ranges from 20 to 60 percent fluorite. If the iron deposit is mined again, Fluorite and vonsenite should be considered as coproducts.
New Mining Techniques.
Because of the magnetic properties of the ore in Jayville, new technologies were used, most notably the Magnetic Separation of Iron Ore. In 1895 the Ball-Norton electro-magnetic separator was used in a number of plants built and experiments made for magnetic separation, notably those at Benson Mines in St. Lawrence county, New York; at the Jayville mine and at the Mineville in Essex county.
Mine Layout.
In Jayville, the ore occurrences presents a phase quite dissimilar from that of Benson Mines and more like the magnetite deposits on the east side of the Adirondacks. There are innumerable shoots, lenses and irregular bunches in which the magnetite is found showing sharp boundaries in contact with the wall rock. The latter is for the most part a hornblende-biotite gneiss of sedimentary appearance. The hoizon of the ore lie close to the contact of the gneiss with a red pegmatitic hornblende granite. Outcrops of the granite occur to the north and east within short distances where they break through and cut off the gneiss area in such a way that their intrusive character is plainly evidenced. In some of the openings the granite can be seen in immediate contact with the ore.
The openings are on the northeastern and northwestern slopes of a low ridge of gneiss that rises just west of the railroad. The pits nearest the station are Hart no 1 and no2 of with the first is said to be 300 feet deep following a shoot 20 feet wide and 10 feet thick. Hart no2 is much shallower. At the northeastern end of the ridge where it curves to the west are the pits called New York no 1 and no2 both of inconsiderable depth. Benson no1 farther to the west is reported by smock to have depth of 250 feet on the incline; of its two levels the upper is about 25 feet long and the lower driven at a point 60 feet from the bottom of the slope runs off in a southerly direction for 160 feet and then north 60 feet. The pit supplied most of the shipping ore. Between Benson no 1 and no 2 an adit has been excavated into the hill on a lead which in the interior develops into a lens some 60 or 70 feet long and 20 feet wide. The Fuller and Essler pits are located at the extreme west, the former being opened on a pod of ore 50 feet wide, dipping 45 degrees west.
The distribution of the ore in disconnected bodies which pitch and strike in all directions has probably resulted from the intrusion of granite. The bodies occupy approximately the same horizon and have the aspect of an originally continuous band which has been disrupted and faulted. The intrusion has exercised also a metamorphic influence upon the deposits shown by the abundance of garnet and horneblende that often replace the magnetite almost completely. Well-developed titanite crystals of unusual size are found in the contact zone. The analysis taken below from Putnams report, gives the composition of the Jayville ore. It was made from a sample of 500 tons mined in 1880 and shipped to the furnace at Alpine.
More information on the mine layout and shaft coordinates can be found in the Geological Survey professional paper, Volumes 376-377 [http://books.google.com/books?id=U-0qAQAAIAAJ&dq=jayville%20station&pg=PA147#v=onepage&q=jayville%20station&f=false]
Most Recent Prospecting.
When Lump ore was at a premium, just before WWII, the Jayville property seemed promising enough to warrant exploration. Accordingly, in 1941 the Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp made geologic, dip-needle and Hotchkiss superdip surveys of the area on a scale of 1:600 and drilled eight inclined holes whole total length was 2,366 feet. Most of the diamond-drill holes were 200 to 250 feet deep, but several were 350 to 450 deep. As a result of this exploration, the company concluded that the property was of little interest as a potential producer of lump ore.
In the winter of 1947, USGS performed a study on the Jayville mines. The found an unidentifiable metallic mineral in ore from two drill holes at the Jayville [magnetite deposit. The striking optical properties of the unknown set it apart from other metallics that had been investigated mineragraphically. It was thought for a while that the unknown might be ilvaite. In the spring of 1950, the USGS investigated the unknown.
Saw Mills.
In the early 1890s, as mining was starting to be less fruitful as once anticipated, the timber on the land started to attract the attention of investors. Throughout the course of the hamlet's history, three separate investment groups operated sawmills in Jayville.
Post and Henderson Company.
The partnership of Robert G Post and Washington J Henderson made its first venture into the Adirondacks in the early 1890s with a small sawmill in Jayville. Production in the mid-1890s was four million board feet of lumber yearly. However, once again, Jayville lost out to Benson Mines as in 1898 a much larger sawmill was built in the village of Benson Mines. In 1900 the two partners formed the post and Henderson Company.
The day to day operation of the mill were run by W.J. Henderson. The superintendent at the Post & Henderson was John Kirsh. His yearly salary was $1,200. John Kirsh would later become famous for running away on his family for a younger woman, Mrs. Hattie Covey, who was then tarred and feathered for her actions.
J. S. Demott.
J.S. Demott, who was from Oswego, in 1894 operated a Steam powered saw mill in Jayville.
Mecca Lumber Company.
In 1903 Nellis, Ames & Swift who ran an old and substantial lumber concern in Utica, NY purchased a timber tract of 7,000 acres around Jayville. The actual location of the Mill was Kalurah, NY. They immediately begin the erection of a large steam saw mill at a convenient point near the center of the purchase, building a railroad switch from the track of the Carthage and Adirondack Railroad at Jayville to the plant. The mill was said to have been built using modern construction equipment and large capacity and was operated wholly in the manufacture of hardwood lumber. This mill was touted to have been equipped band saws.
The mill was built on a settlement known as Little Mill. The company renamed the settlement Kalurah, named after a Masonic Lodge in Binghamton. The sawmill was relatively small, producing about 30,000 board feet of logs daily. However, in 1907, the mill was the 7th largest producing mill in New York State. The Mecca Lumber company produced a large quantity of railroad ties using the hardwood on the land.
The Mecca Lumber Company ceased operation in 1910. On May 24th, 1910, The New York Central Railroad company petitioned New York State to discontinued freight and ticketing service at the Kalurah station, thus ending the majority of mill functions. The sawmill was operated by Alfred Kilbourne up until 1920 when the land was sold to the State of New York for $45,000.
Education.
In 1887 school district No 10 was formed in Pitcairn for Jayville students by George A Lewis, School Commissioner. He wrote to NYS in a letter, "In August last, I issued an order forming school district No 10, in the town of Pitcairn, to meet the educational wants of the mining village known as Jayville."
Later in the 1890s, this school was known as Jayville School No 1. During this time George W. Backus was a trustee of the Jayville school. Mr. Backus eventually married Miss Pina Mae Seelya who was a teacher at the local school.
After the closing of the Jayville mines, the one-room school building was moved down the tracks to Kalurah, where it remained there until 1940.
Religion.
In the early 1880s the St. Francis Solanus parish was formed in Harrisville, Ny by Rev. E. C. Laramee. Under Jeremiah Manning, Jayville was a mission. In 1907 Harrisville, Kalurah, Natural Bridge and Lewisburg formed a parish. The parish territory included the mission at Fine and Taleville, each of which had a church, and the stations at Jayville, Edwards nad Fullerville.
Hunting.
Hunting was a way of life for local residents of Jayville. In 1902, NYS conducted a deer population study in the growing response for information on large animals of the Adirondack Region. In 1902 deer shipments were measured using carcase shipments with the aide of the American and National express Companies. During this time 30% more deer were secured by hunters in the area. A general rule was used that 4 deer were killed in the woods for every one that shipped out by rail. In 1902, a total of two deer carcases were shipped out of Jayville, while neighboring Harrisville shipped 35. Note that in Harrisville that year, a 253 lb deer was taken from the region. It was noted that the Adirondack deer, when properly protected, will develop a size and weight fully equal to or surpassing that of species in any other locality in North America.
Jayville Tar and Feathering.
Unfortunately, Jayville's most nationally acclaimed moment was the result of an lustrous affair that resulted in a public tar and feathering of a female resident, Mrs Hattie Covey. The story was so sensational that it was published in the New York Times in July 31, 1895.
As the story goes, Mrs Covey who was married jumped a train out of town with Saw Mill Superintendent John Kirch, who was married and had children. It was rumored that the two ran off to Ohio. After two months Hattie Covey returned to Carthage to visit her parents. Coincidence would have it that Mrs. Kirch was also on this train. Later that evening two men showed up at Hattie's mothers house and threatened to tar and feather Hattie Covey if she did not leave town immediately. That next morning, Mrs. COvey, her mother and brothers went to Pircairn to a judge to swear out a warrant for arrest of the two men who had threatened her the night before. The family then returned to Jayville that night. "The Daily Journal" of July 31, 1895 then explains what happened next:
When the train stopped at the station, the mother and daughter got off of the rear platform and walked to the front of the train, where they were suddenly surrounded by a crowd of men who seized the daughter and took her into the railroad freight house, where they stripped her. There was a crowd of women there, dressed in men's clothes and with blackened faces. The men held the women down on the floor, while the women applied the tar and feathers with a paint brush, completely covering her with the stuff, after which they left her. She was taken to her mother's house, where a physician was called. It was found that one arm and a number of ribs were broken. It is said to be doubtful if she lives.
Within a few days the attackers of Mrs Covey were arrested and a trial was held for the five known attackers.
The story was so popular that it reached news papers as far away as Utah.
Jayville Junction (play).
Title Jayville Junction: An Hour and a Half of Comedy in a Railroad Depot
Denison's specialties
Author Harry Lee Newton
Publisher T.S. Denison, 1906
Length 38 pages

</doc>
<doc id="36643543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643543" title="Yenga, Uganda">
Yenga, Uganda

Yenga is an Amba village in western Uganda, Bundibugyo District, on the border with the Congo. It lies in the rift valley between Lake Albert and Lake Edward above the Semliki River. The village is within the borders of the Semuliki National Park. To the south of the village are the foothills of the Rwenzori Mountains. While Yenga is only from the district capital of Bundibugyo, the nearest town of substance is Fort Portal. Yenga is located in lowland tropical rainforest, much like the Ituri Rainforest across the river. 
History.
Yenga, with its Amba populace, was unwillingly made part of the Toro Kingdom when the British established the Uganda Protectorate. They were part of the armed struggle in the 1960s to free the Rwenzururu region from the Toro monarchy. Yenga became part of the Kingdom of Rwenzururu which was finally recognized by the Ugandan government in 2008.
Economy.
The Amab in Yenga are agriculturalists. They grow mainly plantain (for matoke), yams, potatoes, cassava and beans and keep some livestock, mainly chickens and goats. 

</doc>
<doc id="36643562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643562" title="Supercopa de Costa Rica">
Supercopa de Costa Rica

The Supercopa de Costa Rica (English: Costa Rican Supercup) is a football Supercopa de Costa Rica is renewed Champion of Champions tournament in Costa Rica and affirm with the secretary of the Unafut, Jorge Romero, after the Assembly of Presidents and representatives of Costa Rican Primera División. The first tournament will be Costa Rica Super 2012 that will be played at the Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica in one game. The objective is to face the champions of the Winter Championship a year before and the year's Summer Super Cup, however, not elect a champion of champions. If the monarch of the two short events is the same, would face the second place in the cumulative table both championships. Similar system used in Europe where they play the champions league before the Cup champions

</doc>
<doc id="36643565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643565" title="Delchar Theater">
Delchar Theater

The Delchar Theater on W. Main St. in Mayville, North Dakota, United States, was built in 1927. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1985.
According to its NRHP nomination, it "is significant to the City of Mayville for its
role as a major entertainment site."

</doc>
<doc id="36643575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643575" title="Homecoming's March">
Homecoming's March

"Homecoming's March" is the debut studio release by the Texan black metal band Averse Sefira. It was released in 1999 on the band's own label, Arrogare, and was produced by the band themselves with co-production by Stuart Lawrence (who would not figure in any of their other albums.
The album is split into band-composed full-length songs and joining those songs are interludes (or "aversions"), as created by "effect artist" Lady of the Evening Faces.

</doc>
<doc id="36643586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643586" title="Charles IV">
Charles IV

Charles IV may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36643596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643596" title="Billy (Feedtime album)">
Billy (Feedtime album)

Billy is the fifth album of noise rock band feedtime, released in 1996 through Amphetamine Reptile Records. It was the band's first album after they went on hiatus in 1989.
Tom Hazelmyer, founder and owner of Amphetamine Reptile, named "Billy" one of his favourite releases.
Track listing.
All songs written by feedtime, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="36643597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643597" title="Carl Ben Eielson House">
Carl Ben Eielson House

The Carl Ben Eielson House, a Queen Anne style house on 8th St. in Hatton, North Dakota, was built in 1900. It has also been known as Osking House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
It is an "outstanding" Queen Anne house but is most significant for its association with aviator Colonel Carl Benjamin Eielson (1897–1929).

</doc>
<doc id="36643599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643599" title="Ion Popa (rower)">
Ion Popa (rower)

Ion Popa (born 2 February 1957) is an Australian former World Champion and Olympic medal winning rower.
Born in Romania Popa defected in 1978. His senior rowing in Melbourne, Australia was initially from 1979 with the Mercantile Rowing Club and then since 1983 with the Banks Rowing Club where he has been a long-time committee man.
At the 1986 World Rowing Championships in Nottingham, England Popa was in the seven seat of the victorious Australian men's VIII. It was Australia's first and only World Champion title in the men's VIII. That same year at the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Popa won gold in the Australian men's VIII.
At the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics Popa had rowed at seven in the Australian men's VIII bronze medal result. He was again a seven in the Australian men's VIII who finished in fifth place at Seoul 1988.
In 2010 Popa was inducted as a member of the Rowing Victoria Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="36643609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643609" title="Suction (album)">
Suction (album)

Suction is the fourth album of noise rock band feedtime, released in 1989 through Rough Trade Records.
Track listing.
All songs written by feedtime.

</doc>
<doc id="36643612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643612" title="1986 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1986 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1986 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 11 teams. The national champions were Deportivo Táchira.

</doc>
<doc id="36643637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643637" title="Free Nelson Mandela (sculpture)">
Free Nelson Mandela (sculpture)

Free Nelson Mandela is a sculpture in Atlanta, Georgia, USA, created by David Hammons in 1987. Alternatively referred to as a monument, the piece was originally created as a statement demanding the liberation of the imprisoned South African activist, Nelson Mandela. The official title is "Nelson Mandela Must Be Free to Lead His People and South Africa to Peace and Prosperity." However, it is most frequently called just "Free Nelson Mandela", because those words are carved in the face of the granite rock that is the bottom portion of the sculpture. The top portion is a 12 feet high fence of iron bars radiating from the rock and topped with barbed wire. In the fence is a working gate, which was padlocked shut while Mandela was imprisoned. After Mandela's release in 1990, the padlock was unlocked with the key which had been left with Atlanta city officials by the artist. The gate has remained in an open position ever since, and the rock proclaims that there is now a "Free Nelson Mandela". There are also small segments of chain attached to the bottom corners of the rock, adjacent to the base. At some point after the gate was opened, three bars to the right of the gate were painted, respectively, green, black, and yellow, the colors of the South African flag. The entire sculpture weighs 7 tons.
Creation.
Hammons created the sculpture while an artist in residence for Atlanta's Arts Festival. Faculty and students at Georgia State University assisted in the construction at GSU's sculpture studio. Atlanta's Office of Cultural Affairs is responsible for the restoration and maintenance of the piece. In addition to the intrinsic value of the sculpture and the historical statement, this piece is significant because it is one of the few, if only, public art works by Hammons.
Location.
The original site was the north end of Atlanta's Woodruff Park, where it was installed in April, 1987 and presented by then Atlanta Mayor, Andrew Young, as part of a dedication ceremony on June 4, 1987. It is currently located in Piedmont Park. Specifically, it is 50 yards inside the Charles Allen Dr. entrance, which is on the southern end of the park bounded by 10th Street, just inside the eastmost end of the Oak Hill walking trail.
Controversy.
It is difficult to find because it is overgrown by shrubs planted as part of a park renovation. The boldness and harshness of the statement is softened considerably by the vegetation, which was not part of the artist's fixture.
In addition, the description on the Smithsonian Institute's Art Inventories Catalog states that the gate is left of center. It is implied that this information was gathered in the "Save Outdoor Sculpture, Georgia, Atlanta survey, 1994." If this is true, then the current setting has viewers looking at the back of the piece and the front is covered with shrubbery.
Images.
Photos taken:

</doc>
<doc id="36643639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643639" title="Juan Borja (motorcycle racer)">
Juan Borja (motorcycle racer)

Juan Bautista Borja (born February 3, 1970), is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Spain.
Having won the FCIM 125cc European championship in 1992, he first raced on the world stage at the 1993 FIM motorcycle Grand Prix at the Circuito del Jarama, Madrid, but retired on lap 19 in the 250cc class riding a privateer Honda. For 1994, he gained a series of one-off privateer rides in the 250cc class, starting with an Aprilia at the 1994 Australian motorcycle Grand Prix, and finishing the season on a Honda, placing him 30th in the championship.
Moving to the 500cc class for 1995, he rode out the season placing twelfth on the ROC-Yamaha. He then spent two seasons on the ELF 500 ROC sponsored by Pepsi and then Shell, placing 14th in 1996 and 17th in 1997 on an under-developed and hence unreliable bike. For 1998 he moved to the well backed Movistar Honda Pons riding the Honda NSR500, but unreliability meant he finished the season in 32nd. Improved factory support in 1999 meant that he finished 12th.
Without a ride for the 2000 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season, after the crash of Carl Fogarty which ended his racing career, from race six onwards in 2000 he moved to World Superbikes, replacing Ben Bostrom in the works Ducati-Infostrada, finishing the season in 12th. Replaced by younger compatriate Rubén Xaus for the 2001 season, Borja moved to Spanish privateer team Panavto Yamaha riding the Yamaha YZF-R7, but a lack of funds and unreliability meant that he finished the season 32nd. For 2002 season he returned to riding a Ducati 998RS for Spanish privateer team Spaziotel Racing, finishing 12th. With the same team but now under the DFX Racing banner, he finished 13th in the 2003 season.
In light of their sponsorship from Sterilgarda for the 2004 season, the DFX team choose Italian rider Marco Borciani. Unable to find a team or sponsorship, Borja was forced to retire at the age of 34.

</doc>
<doc id="36643647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643647" title="Stryker Local School District">
Stryker Local School District

The Stryker Local School District is a public school district in Williams County, Ohio, United States, based in Stryker, Ohio.
Schools.
The Stryker Local School District has one elementary school and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36643652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643652" title="List of awards and nominations received by Sarah Jessica Parker">
List of awards and nominations received by Sarah Jessica Parker

The following is a List of awards and nominations received by Sarah Jessica Parker throughout her acting and producing career.
Awards and nominations.
Parker has received ten Emmy nominations, all for "Sex and the City". She received six nominations as Best Actress (one win in 2004) & four nominations in the Outstanding Comedy Series category for her work as an executive producer (one win in 2002).
She has received eight Golden Globe nominations, with four wins (all for Sex and the City) in 2000, 2001, 2002 & 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36643668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643668" title="Urvarak Nagar Barauni">
Urvarak Nagar Barauni

History.
In January, 1961, Fertilizer Corporation of India Ltd. (FCI) was created out of the merger of Sindri Fertilizers and Chemicals Ltd. and Hindustan Fertilizer and Chemicals Ltd. Between 1961 and 1977, FCI created seventeen fertilizer units. Seven started operating while the remaining ten were at various stages of implementation.
In 1978 the Government of India set up a committee to reorganize its fertilizer industry. Per the committee's recommendation, the government approved the split of FCI and National Fertilizer Ltd. (NFL), into five separate entities. The newly formed Hindustan Fertilizer Corporation Ltd (HFC) took charge of the Namrup, Haldia, Barauni and Durgapur, while FCI were assigned the Sindri, Gorakhpur, Ramagundam, Talcher, Korba units and the Jodhpur Mining Organization. The other units were allocated to Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd., National Fertilizers Ltd together with a planning and development company, Project and Development (India) Ltd.
History.
The township was built in the late 1970s to house the employees of The Hindustan Fertilizer Corporation of India Limited's, urea production plant. The installed capacity was 3.3 (lakh-MT).
The Barauni Unit produces urea under the Brand Name “Moti”. Production was on 1 January 1999 due to ongoing losses and insufficient subsidies.
Most employees were released via Voluntary Separation Scheme (VSS) in 2002–03. The remaining employees were dismissed during 2003–04.
Layout and facilities.
The township is gated, with two entrances. It has over 1,500 housing units. Amenities include two shopping complexes, hospital, bank, recreation center, guest houses and parks. A temple, mosque, church and Gurudwara are also in the township.
Sports facilities include badminton, basketball, cricket, shuttle, soccer, tennis and volleyball. The township has two recreation centers, Vinod Kendra and officer’s club.
In the mid-1980s it linked to a cable network.
Schools.
Kendriya Vidyalaya and DAV Public School are operated by the local administration and respective school committee. KG school closed by 2003.
Transportation.
The company provides transport service to and from the factory and to several local destinations including district city Begusarai.

</doc>
<doc id="36643669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643669" title="Neil Sedaka's Greatest Hits">
Neil Sedaka's Greatest Hits

Neil Sedaka's Greatest Hits may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36643673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643673" title="Lake Saltonstall">
Lake Saltonstall

Lake Saltonstall may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36643685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643685" title="Phạm Hùng Dũng">
Phạm Hùng Dũng

Phạm Hùng Dũng (born on 28 September 1978 in Đà Nẵng, Vietnam) is a retired Vietnamese football player. He was called up in the national team in 2002 and had participated in the AFC Asian Cup in 2007. He played for SHB Đà Nẵng and The Vissai Ninh Bình.
At 5:30 2 June 2011, he was stabbed at Glori Hotel (Nha Trang, Khanh Hoa). He was treated at Khánh Hòa province polyclinic hospital. At the afternoon in the same day, the police has started to investigate the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="36643688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643688" title="VG-lista 1964 to 1994">
VG-lista 1964 to 1994

This is a summary list of all the top singles in the VG-lista - the official Norwegian hit-chart - from year 1964 to 1994. For detailed listings week by week for number-one positions from 1995 onwards, see List of number-one songs in Norway

</doc>
<doc id="36643692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643692" title="List of American and Canadian cities by minor professional sports franchises">
List of American and Canadian cities by minor professional sports franchises

List of teams by metropolitan area.
The following list contains all metropolitan areas in the United States and Canada containing at least one team in any of the six minor league sports. The table contains the population rank based on the table of primary census statistical areas in the 2010 United States Census and the list of census metropolitan areas in the Canada 2011 Census, and the city's teams in minor league baseball, hockey, indoor football, basketball, soccer, and lacrosse.

</doc>
<doc id="36643710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643710" title="Sarah Jessica Parker filmography">
Sarah Jessica Parker filmography

This article presents the filmography of American actress Sarah Jessica Parker.

</doc>
<doc id="36643733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643733" title="Wayuunaiki (newspaper)">
Wayuunaiki (newspaper)

Wayuunaiki is a bilingual monthly newspaper from Venezuela, published in Spanish and Wayuu, with an emphasis on news related to the Wayuu people and other aboriginal peoples of Venezuela and Colombia.
Founded in 2000, "Wayuunaiki" is distributed in Venezuela and Colombia, especially in those regions where the Wayuu people reside. Its founder and current director is Jayariyú Farías Montiel. In 2010, the newspaper was nominated for the "IPDC-UNESCO Prize for Rural Communication", and was awarded fourth place.

</doc>
<doc id="36643737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643737" title="Ai Aoki">
Ai Aoki

Ai Aoki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36643740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643740" title="Masonic Chess">
Masonic Chess

Masonic Chess is a chess variant invented by George R. Dekle, Sr. in 1983. The game is played on a modified chessboard whereby even-numbered ranks are indented to the right—resembling masonry brickwork. The moves of the pieces are adapted to the new geometry; in other respects the game is the same as chess.
Masonic Chess was included in "World Game Review" No. 10 edited by Michael Keller.
Board characteristics.
The Masonic board cells are slightly rectangular, and indentation of alternating ranks results in "cants" (oblique files) 30 degrees from the vertical and "diagonals" 30 degrees from the horizontal, the same as hexagon-based chessboards when cell vertices face the players. (For example, rooks have six directions of movement, and Masonic pawns move and capture the same as pawns in de Vasa's hexagonal chess. Masonic bishops, however, are limited to the four diagonal directions to the sides.) As with hex-based boards, three colors are used, so no two adjacent cells are the same color, and gameboard diagonals are highlighted.
Game rules.
The diagram shows the starting setup. All normal chess rules apply, including conventions for castling either kingside or queenside, a pawn's initial two-step option, "en passant" captures, promotion, and so on. But the pieces have specially-defined moves.
References.
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36643742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643742" title="Theevram">
Theevram

Theevram (, ) is a 2012 Malayalam crime thriller written and directed by Roopesh Peethambaran in his directorial debut, and starring Dulquer Salmaan, Shikha Nair, Sreenivasan, Vinay Forrt, Vishnu Raghav, Riya Saira and Anu Mohan. The film is produced by V.C Ismayil under the banner of VCI Movies and features music composed by Roby Abraham, whilst cinematography is handled by Hari Nair and the editing by Kapil Gopalakrishnan. Distribution of the film is done by Lal Jose under the banner of LJ Films. Audiography was done by M. R. Rajakrishnan. The film is loosely based on two sensational murders that happened in Bangalore - the 2003 B. V. Girish murder case which the film begins off with and 2005 BPO employee Pratibha rape and murder case.
The film is a dark thriller which will have a socially relevant message and two plots, one set in the present and the other about five years back. It is about the outburst of a young man towards the legal system.The film was released on 16 November 2012. The film got mixed reviews from critics as well as audience. It was heavily criticised for its strong advocation of capital punishment, a jab at rarest-of-rare-case arguments, and a tirade against rights activists. The movie employees the non-linear format narrative for the entire period
Plot.
With the happening of a crime the movie has opened. Then comes an investigation officer Alexander (Sreenivasan), and an assistant (Vinay Forrt). Alexander unlike the assistant, is an officer who doesn't believe in torturing the accused people to prove crimes. He is touted as one of the toughest cops in the service to get deceived. Though he is a man who even fears to witness a live postmortem, he is intelligent enough to prove crimes. He proves this one too without much problems. Parallel to this, we are shown another crime. Harsha Vardhan (Dulquer Salmaan) is a man of mystery. He lives lonely in a big house, and teaches music to one kid. Apart from the role of a mucisian he has one more role to play in life – that of a sadist killer. The film takes a "U" turn post interval, which zoomed in to story that took place four year back. There we can see Harsha as an aspiring young musician. The struggles that he has to face in the initial years of his career are shown here. Not only in his career, but also in his life too he was seen struggling to maintain his relationship with the lover. Then his wife is murdered and how he plans to set revenge on the one who murdered his wife.
Production.
Development.
Dulquer joined Theevram after rejecting yet another promising film in the name of 'June' due to date clash. The director had announced the film on December 2011. It was previously titled 'Maya'. The film features a fresh music director, Roby Abraham. The film is produced by V C Ismail, under the banner of VCI Movies. The film's distributor is director Lal Jose. This is his 2nd distribution venture after Thattathin Marayathu, under the banner of LJ Films. The costume designer of the film is Sameera Saneesh.
Casting.
During the planning of the film in late December, Fahad Fazil was cast to play the lead but he had to drop the film due to date clash. The director also had a difficult time finding many actors to play the characters in the film. After a successful debut in Second Show and after playing another highly appreciated role in Ustad Hotel, Dulquer Salmaan was a perfect choice for the director, in which he was chosen to play the role of Harsha Vardhan, a music composer who has a conflict with the legal system. Harsha Vardhan has a brutal mental outlook of angry young man making the character Dulquer Salmaan was chosen to play a tough role with Negative shades. Sreenivasan was chosen to play a prominent role. Riya Saira was chosen after her performance as Tissa in the 2012 film '22 Female Kottayam', while the others chosen to play supporting roles were Janardhanan, Vinay Forrt, Anu Mohan, and Vishnu Raghav. This will be second movie that both Anu Mohan and Vishnu Raghav are seen in after their debut film Orkut Oru Ormakoot. It had gave Vishnu Raghav, a role which provided more scope to perform. Debutant actress Shikha Nair was chosen as the female lead, as the director felt it would be a great opportunity for the film to showcase a new actress. Shikha was a Chennai based model, who was being prepared for a Tamil debut started her career through this film.
Filming.
The film started its shoot on August 5, 2012 at Kochi after the pooja ceremony which had directors Siddique, Anwar Rasheed and the lead actor Dulquer Salmaan lit the ceremonial lamp. Hari Nair is the director of photography. It is shot at various locations in and around Ernakulam, Alappuzha and Chalakudy.
Soundtrack.
The music for the film has been composed by Roby Abraham. The lyrics have been penned by Arun K. Narayanan and Rafeeq Ahmed. Music Aloud's review rated the soundtrack 7.5/10.

</doc>
<doc id="36643757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643757" title="Akiko Kawase">
Akiko Kawase

Akiko Kawase may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36643766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643766" title="Suguru Awaji">
Suguru Awaji


</doc>
<doc id="36643767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643767" title="1986–87 Venezuelan Primera División season">
1986–87 Venezuelan Primera División season

The 1986–87 season of the Venezuelan Primera División, the top category of Venezuelan football, was played by 15 teams. The national champions were Marítimo.

</doc>
<doc id="36643772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643772" title="Alberto Isaac">
Alberto Isaac

Alberto Isaac may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36643779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643779" title="Convention Relative to the Preservation of Fauna and Flora in their Natural State">
Convention Relative to the Preservation of Fauna and Flora in their Natural State

The Convention Relative to the Preservation of Fauna and Flora in the Natural State, also known as the London Convention of 1933, was an early agreement among colonial powers for the conservation of nature. As one of the first general conservation agreement in Africa, and the first to specifically protect a plant species, it has been called the Magna Carta of wildlife conservation and "the high point of institutionalised global nature protection before the Second World War".
Political process.
The Convention was the result of the 1933 International Conference for the Protection of the Fauna and Flora of Africa, presided over by Richard Onslow, 5th Earl of Onslow, then president of the Society for the Preservation of the Wild Fauna of the Empire. It was based on the London Convention of 1900, which had been agreed to but never came into force due a lack of ratifications.
Signatories of the 1933 convention were Belgium, Egypt, France, Italy, the Anglo-Egyptian Sudan, the Union of South Africa and the United Kingdom and its dependencies. All but France and Spain ratified the agreement in 1935, and British India acceded partially in 1939. In 1950, it was ratified by Portugal and in 1963, then-independent Tanganyika acceded to the convention.
The 1933 London Convention was superseded by the African Convention on Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources in 1968.
Obligations.
The Convention obligated signatories to establish parks and reserves and limit human settlement therein, to domesticate useful animals, and to prohibit unsportsmanlike methods of take. It also required states to give special protection to a list of species.
Species Protected.
The Convention bestowed varying degrees of protection on two classes of species.
Class A.
The 17 mammals, three birds and one plant species in Class A are to be hunted or otherwise killed only by special permission that was to be granted exclusively for scientific research or other critical purposes.
Class B.
Authorization for hunting the animals in Class B is allowable by special permit, but for any purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="36643784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643784" title="Brian Manker">
Brian Manker

Brian Manker is the Principal Cellist of the Montreal Symphony Orchestra in Montreal, Canada, and cellist of the New Orford String Quartet and the Adorno Quartet. Manker has performed throughout North America as a member of the Harrington String Quartet, the Cassatt Quartet, and the Atlanta Chamber Players.
Manker is on the faculty of the Schulich School of Music of McGill University in Montreal. He has also taught at West Texas State University (now West Texas A&M University) and Emory University. 
Manker plays a cello made by Pietro Guarneri of Venice in 1729.
Discography.
The New Orford String Quartet's debut album of the final quartets of Schubert and Beethoven received very enthusiastic reviews and was nominated for a JUNO Award in 2012. He also has recorded the six Bach cello suites on Storkclassics.

</doc>
<doc id="36643787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643787" title="List of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista managers">
List of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista managers

Notable Managers.
Managers with great relevance to Corinthians' history.

</doc>
<doc id="36643800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643800" title="Ludwig-Karl Ratschiller">
Ludwig-Karl Ratschiller

Ludwig-Karl Ratschiller (Brixen/Bressanone, 22 June 1921 – Bozen/Bolzano, March, 2004) was an Italian anti-Nazi partisan in North-Eastern Italy during World War II.
Life.
Ratschiller, an ethnic German, was born in South Tyrol three years after the province had become Italian territory as a result of World War I. His parents were Ludwig-Andreas, an Austrian local-bank manager, jailed in 1944 on political grounds, and Marja Iwanicka, a Polish woman from Austro-Hungarian Galitia. The family spoke Polish at home, but the everyday language in the city of Brixen was dialectal German.
Italian Fascism implemented an aggressive policy of de-nationalization in the former Austro-Hungarian territories that had come under its sway. As a reaction, Ratschiller developed nationalistic German opinions, with a sympathy for Nazi Germany. In 1939, when South Tyroleans were given the opportunity to opt for the German nationality, his father chose to keep the Italian citizenship. Being under-age, Ratschiller was supposed to follow the same destiny, but instead he fled to Berlin. There he got his high-school diploma before he moved to Innsbruck to study geology at the local university.
He volunteered for the SS corps but was not accepted. In the spring of 1941 he was in Alsace as a worker-student, then moved to Poland, where he witnessed the treatment of the Poles, visited the Warsaw ghetto and started developing his opposition to Nazism.
In 1942, as soon as he was naturalized as a German, he was drafted into the Luftwaffe and destined to Pruniers, in France, for a training course.
From there he moved to Kirkenes, near Petsamo, in Finland, where the Wehrmacht faced the Red Army. By now disgusted with the war, he took advantage of a leave to go back to his family and home city and desert (March 1943). His efforts to hide, however, were unsuccessful, for the Italian Army, unaware of his new citizenship, had issued an arrest warrant for his failure to report for military service.
Ratschiller was sent to Fiume as a Black Shirt, i.e. a member of the Italian National Fascist Party's Militia. The Black Shirts in Fiume carried out tasks of border patrolling. In view of his Slavic background, Ratschiller understood some Croatian, so he soon had some contacts with the Yugoslav Resistance movement. 
When Fascism fell on 24 July 1943, Ratschiller went AWOL and fled to Florence, where he had some family and could conceivably get their help. Realizing that the political situation had changed irreversibly, however, he decided to turn himself in to the military authorities. He was not indicted but had to enroll in the Military Corps of Engineers. After a few days, the armistice brought about the virtual dissolution of the Italian Army and Ratschiller went underground, getting himself a false identity. He could not go back to Brixen, because South Tyrol had been annexed by the Third Reich. Instead, he took refuge in nearby Cadore. On 1 May 1944, he joined the Italian Resistance and enrolled in the Brigata d'Assalto Garibaldi «Calvi», where he was put in charge of a camp for German POWs.
On 22 November he was taken prisoner by the Germans and tortured, but he escaped further consequences because the appointed new commander was a German officer that had been in his power as a POW before being released in a barter for a partisan. That officer had been treated fairly, so he released Ratschiller on condition that he enrolled in the Todt Organization, the German entity that provided slave labor to the war effort. It was as a Todt slave laborer that the end of the war found him in South Tyrol, very close to his home in Brixen.
In the post-war period Ratschiller was a well-respected geologist.
External links.
www.anpi.it/libri/ratschiller.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="36643801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643801" title="Alberto García">
Alberto García

Alberto García may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36643803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643803" title="Mountain Page, North Carolina">
Mountain Page, North Carolina

Mountain Page is an unincorporated community in Henderson County, North Carolina, United States. It is in the southeastern edge of the county. The ZIP code is 28773 with a Saluda address even though Saluda is in neighboring Polk County. Mountain Page is named after the locale Page family. The elevation 2200 feet. The community backs up to the Greenville Watershed in neighboring Greenville County, South Carolina. The community is 12 miles south of Hendersonville, North Carolina the county seat. Mountain Page is a part of the Asheville Metropolitan Area.

</doc>
<doc id="36643807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643807" title="Jennifer Aniston filmography">
Jennifer Aniston filmography

This article presents the filmography of American actress Jennifer Aniston. Aniston made her screen debut in the television series " Molloy" (1990), but her film career began in the horror film "Leprechaun" (1993). She gained worldwide recognition in the 1990s for portraying Rachel Green on the television sitcom "Friends" (1994–2004), a role which earned her an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Award. In 2012, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Additionally, "Men's Health" magazine voted Aniston the "Sexiest Woman of All Time".
Aniston has also enjoyed a successful Hollywood film career. She gained critical acclaim for her performances in the independent films "She's the One" (1996), "Office Space" (1999), "The Good Girl" (2002) and "Friends with Money" (2006). She has had her greatest commercial successes with the films "Bruce Almighty" (2003), "Along Came Polly" (2004), "The Break-Up" (2006), "Marley & Me" (2008), "He's Just Not That into You" (2009), "The Bounty Hunter" (2010), "Just Go with It" (2011), "Horrible Bosses" (2011) and "We're the Millers" (2013). She is the co-founder of the production company Echo Films.

</doc>
<doc id="36643808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643808" title="J. (Hans) van Leeuwen">
J. (Hans) van Leeuwen

J. (Hans) van Leeuwen is a professor of Civil, Construction and Environmental Engineering at Iowa State University.
Biography.
He was born Johannes van Leeuwen, in 1946 in Gouda, Netherlands. He lived in the Netherlands, South Africa, Australia and has been residing in the United States since 2000. 
He is currently working as a professor in the Department of Civil, Construction and Environmental Engineering at Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa. Together with Balaji Narasimhan, he was given a Vlasta Klima Balloun Professorship at Iowa State University.
Research.
His research includes the recovery of byproducts from liquid wastes and sludges, fungal treatment of food processing wastewater, and reuse applications of residues from water softening. He has several patents to his name.
He has developed processes for purifying alcohol, creating a new product at ethanol plants, and keeping exotic species out of coastal waters through disinfestation of ballast water with bromine production through ozonation.
The purification of alcohol makes the world's purest vodka possible and Oz Spirits LLC, of which he is the founder, is launching a product based on this process involving ozone, activated carbon, and nanogold filtration. He developed a new animal feed, potentially a new human food source, by developing a process for cultivating fungi on corn processing leftovers, with a product, MycoMeal, being commercialized through MycoInnovations. His ozonation process disinfestates ships' ballast waters of feral species to avoid introduction into coastal waters by shipping and has been applied on oil tankers.
Awards and honors.
Grand Prize University Research – American Academy of Environmental Engineers.
Honorary member, Japan Industrial Water Association, 2002

</doc>
<doc id="36643841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643841" title="Blues – The Common Ground">
Blues – The Common Ground

Blues – The Common Ground is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1967 and 1968 and released on the Verve label.
Reception.
Allmusic awarded the album 3 stars with its review stating ""Blues - The Common Ground" finds Burrell backed by lots of brass and wind instruments for most of the album, hardly his usual setting. But his guitar successfully weaves in and out of songs... blending with the band and creating a pleasant balance".

</doc>
<doc id="36643842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643842" title="Maher Berakdar">
Maher Berakdar

Maher Berakdar is a Syrian football Goalkeeper who played for Syria in the 1996 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36643850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643850" title="George Clooney filmography">
George Clooney filmography

The following is the filmography for American actor, director, producer, screenwriter George Clooney. He is one of the highest-grossing actors of all time with over $1.56 billion total box office gross and an average of $53.9 million per film. He has been involved in thirteen films that grossed over $200 million at the worldwide box office.
Clooney has appeared in the television series "E/R" (1984), "The Facts of Life" (1985), "Roseanne" (1988), "Bodies of Evidence" (1992) and "Sisters" (1993), including a number of low-budget film roles like "Return to Horror High" (1987), "Combat Academy" (1987), "Return of the Killer Tomatoes" (1988), "Unbecoming Age" (1992) or "The Harvest" (1993). His role as doctor Doug Ross on "ER" earned him Golden Globe and Emmy Award nominations.
In the 90's, Clooney appeared in the films "From Dusk Till Dawn" (1996), "One Fine Day" (1996), with Michelle Pfeiffer, "The Peacemaker" (1997) with Nicole Kidman, "Batman & Robin" (1997), and "Out of Sight" (1998) opposite Jennifer Lopez.
The new millennium saw Clooney in the film "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" (2000), which won him a Golden Globe Award, as well as Empire Award and Satellite Award nominations. In 2001, he teamed up again with Soderbergh for the star-studded caper film "Ocean's Eleven", alongside Matt Damon, Brad Pitt and many others. The film spawned two sequels starring Clooney, "Ocean's Twelve" in 2004 and "Ocean's Thirteen" in 2007. He has also appeared in "Solaris" (2002), "Welcome To Collinwood" (2002), "Intolerable Cruelty" (2003), "Syriana" (2006), for which he was rewarded with a academy award for Best Supporting Actor, "The Good German" (2006), "Michael Clayton" (2007), "Burn After Reading" (2008), "Up in the Air" (2009), for the latter earning an academy award nomination. Clooney also directed and starred in "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind" (2002), "Good Night, and Good Luck" (2005), "Leatherheads" (2008) and "The Ides of March" (2011).
In 2011, he starred in Alexander Payne's "The Descendants", earning a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama and an Academy Award nomination. In 2013, he co-starred opposite Sandra Bullock in the science-fiction film "Gravity".
He directed "The Monuments Men", originally scheduled for release in 2013, but pushed back until 2014. He will star in Brad Bird's science-fiction film "Tomorrowland", scheduled to be released on May 22, 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="36643855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643855" title="Optimistic decompression">
Optimistic decompression

Optimistic decompression is a digital forensics technique in which each byte of an input buffer is examined for the possibility of compressed data. If data is found that "might" be compressed, a decompression algorithm is invoked to perform a "trial decompression." If the decompressor does not produce an error, the decompressed data is processed. The decompressor is thus called "optimistically"---that is, with the hope that it might be successful.
Optimistic decompression is used as a tool to validate JPEGs that are produced by file carving. The approach can also be used for fragment reassembly carving by attempting to combine different combinations of fragments, looking for a combination that produces neither decompression errors nor visual discontinuities.

</doc>
<doc id="36643862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643862" title="Leo M. Gordon">
Leo M. Gordon

Leo Maury Gordon (born 1952) is a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
Biography.
Gordon was born in 1952 in Newark, New Jersey, attending school at Newark Academy. He received an Artium Baccalaureus degree in 1973 from the University of North Carolina. He received a Juris Doctorate in 1977 from the Emory University School of Law. He served as an assistant counsel to the Committee on the Judiciary for the United States House of Representatives from 1977 to 1981. He served as an assistant clerk for the United States Court of International Trade from 1981 to 1999. He served as Clerk of the Court for the Trade Court from 1999 to 2006.
Federal Judicial Service.
On November 10, 2005, President Bush nominated Gordon to serve as a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, to the seat vacated by Judge Thomas J. Aquilino, Jr.. He was confirmed by the Senate on March 13, 2006 and received his commission on March 16, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="36643868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643868" title="Andreas Schmidt">
Andreas Schmidt

Andreas Schmidt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36643874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643874" title="OMA SUD Redbird">
OMA SUD Redbird

The OMA SUD Redbird is an Italian two seat, composite light-sport aircraft from composite maker OMA SUD.
Development.
The Redbird is a carbon-fiber, low-wing aircraft with side-by-side configuration seating and fixed tricycle landing gear powered by a Rotax 912ULS aircraft engine. The airframe is designed to accommodate a retractable gear version.

</doc>
<doc id="36643875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643875" title="Yasser Sibai">
Yasser Sibai

Yasser Sibai is a Syrian football Defender who played for Syria in the 1996 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36643886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643886" title="Countryman (magazine)">
Countryman (magazine)

Countryman magazine was founded in 1927 by J. W. Robertson Scott, who edited it from his office in Idbury in rural Oxfordshire for the first 21 years. He was succeeded as editor by John Cripps, son of Stafford Cripps. It is now edited by Paul Jackson at offices in Broughton Hall, North Yorkshire. It was published quarterly until the 1990s, when it became a bimonthly. It is now a monthly, with a circulation of about 23,000. 
In the 1950s it described itself as “A quarterly non-party review and miscellany of rural life and work for the English-speaking world”. Today its website says: “"Countryman" focuses on the rural issues of today, and tomorrow, as well as including features on the people, places, history and wildlife that make the British countryside so special.”
In the Winter 1948 issue Field Marshal Wavell wrote a tribute in verse to the magazine’s eclecticism, one stanza of which reads:
  The ethics of “bundling”, the methods of trundling<br>
  A wheelbarrow, trolley or pram, <br>
  Dogs, badgers and sheep, a girl chimney-sweep, <br>
  The way to make strawberry jam; <br>
  Dunmow and its flitches, the trial of witches, <br>
  The somnambulation of wigeon, <br>
  You’ll find them all here, with discourses on beer<br>
  And maternal lactation in pigeon.
To mark the magazine's 80th birthday, "Words from the Countryman", edited by Valerie Porter, a selection of writing from the magazine, along with brief historical notes, was published in 2007. Porter notes that, whereas "Countryman" had begun as a magazine principally for and about the farmer and others who live in the country, from the early 1980s until recently it often tended to favour the views of urban-dwellers who take their leisure in the country, many of whom are antagonistic to farmers.

</doc>
<doc id="36643895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643895" title="Nihad Al Boushi">
Nihad Al Boushi

Nihad Al Boushi is a Syrian football Midfielder who played for Syria in the 1996 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36643929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643929" title="Abdul Latif Helou">
Abdul Latif Helou

Abdul Latif Helou is a Syrian football Midfielder who played for Syria in the 1996 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36643936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643936" title="Ayako Nakano">
Ayako Nakano

Ayako Nakano may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36643950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643950" title="D. Djajakusuma">
D. Djajakusuma

Djadoeg Djajakusuma (; 1 August 1918 – 28 October 1987), generally credited as D. Djajakusuma, was an Indonesian film director and promoter of traditional art forms. Born to a nobleman and his wife in Temanggung, Central Java, Djajakusuma became interested in the arts at a young age, choosing to pursue a career in theatre. During the Japanese occupation from 1943 to 1945 he was a translator and actor, and in the four-year national revolution which followed he worked for the military's educational division, several news agencies, and in drama.
In 1951, Djajakusuma joined the National Film Corporation (Perfini) at the invitation of Usmar Ismail. After making his directorial debut with "Embun", Djajakusuma released a further eleven films with the company before leaving in 1964. He then returned to traditional Indonesian theatre, including "wayang". Although he continued to direct movies independently of Perfini, most of his energies were dedicated to promoting traditional art forms and teaching cinematography. After over a decade of poor health and high blood pressure, Djajakusuma collapsed during a ceremony and died. He was buried in Karet Bivak Cemetery.
The dedicated but easily angered Djajakusuma was influenced by Usmar Ismail's realist views, although he focused more on traditional aspects of life. His theatrical performances attempted to modernise traditional forms so that they could be better received in a modern world. He is credited with revitalising the Betawi theatre form "lenong" and received numerous awards for his filmmaking, including a lifetime achievement award at the Indonesian Film Festival.
Biography.
Early life.
Djajakusuma was born on 1 August 1918 in Parakan, Temanggung, Central Java, Dutch East Indies, to a "priyayi" father, Raden Mas Aryo Djojokoesomo, and his wife Kasimah. Djajakusuma was the fifth child of six born to the couple, who lived comfortably off Djojokoesomo's salary as a government official. While young he enjoyed watching stage performances, such as "wayang" puppetry and the traditional dance form "tayuban"; at times he would furtively leave his home after bedtime to watch the productions. With his friends, he would act out the bedtime stories his mother told him. When imported Hollywood films began to be screened, he was an avid viewer, watching Westerns and works starring Charlie Chaplin.
Owing to his position as the son of a nobleman, Djajakusuma was able to receive an education. He completed his studies in Semarang, Central Java, graduating from the natural sciences programme at a senior high school there in 1941. Although his family hoped that he would become a government employee like his father, Djajakusuma decided to go into the performing arts. He returned to his hometown for a short time before realising that he would have little opportunity in Parakan. Accordingly, in early 1943 – almost a year after the Indies were occupied by the Empire of Japan – Djajakusuma moved to the colony's political centre, Jakarta, to find work.
Djajakusuma became employed at the Cultural Centre as a translator and actor under Armijn Pane. Among the works he translated were several pieces by the Swedish playwright August Strindberg and Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen, as well as a history of Japan and several "kabuki" stage plays. While with the Centre, Djajakusuma wrote several of his own stage plays. In his free time, Djajakusuma helped establish the amateur theatre company Maya, together with artists such as HB Jassin, Rosihan Anwar, and Usmar Ismail. The troupe, formed in response to a desire for greater artistic freedom, performed translations of European works and original works by Ismail and El Hakim. To promote a sense of Indonesian nationalism while still conforming with the Japanese censorship bureau's rules, several of Maya's plays did not explicitly promote Japan, but rather the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere. Themes supporting the Indonesian nationalist movement, meanwhile, remained implicit in the works. With Maya, Djajakusuma travelled from village to village, putting on performances.
Indonesian National Revolution.
President Sukarno proclaimed Indonesia's independence on 17 August 1945, days after the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Expecting the Dutch colonial government to return, Djajakusuma and Ismail helped establish the Independent Artists (Seniman Merdeka) as a form of resistance. The group travelled throughout the city, spreading news of Indonesia's proclaimed independence while performing from an open-air truck. After the arrival of the Netherlands Indies Civil Administration, the group sometimes attempted to spy on the Europeans or hide information which would considered useful to the returning Dutch forces. Owing to this dangerous work, Djajakusuma began carrying a pistol, and went to Banten to ask a "kyai" to make him impervious to bullets.
In early 1946, with the Dutch colonial forces in control of Jakarta, Djajakusuma fled to the new national capital at Yogyakarta. There, he spent a time with the national news agency Antara before joining the military's educational division, rising to the rank of captain. For the military Djajakusuma edited the weekly "Tentara"; he also contributed articles to Ismail's cultural magazine "Arena". Despite his involvement in the press, he did not abandon the theatre; with Surjo Sumanto, he established a troupe which performed for soldiers and raised morale, sometimes travelling to the frontlines.
Djajakusuma was hired by the Ministry of Information in 1947 to teach at a school for the performance arts, the Mataram Entertainment Foundation (). Through Mataram, he and Ismail were introduced to filmmakers Andjar Asmara, Huyung, and Sutarto; the two studied under these more established individuals. Meanwhile, Djajakusuma was put in charge of censoring radio broadcasts in Republican-held areas, a duty he held until the Dutch captured Yogyakarta on 19 December 1948. Djajakusuma fled the city, then met up with Republican forces. Using an old radio and a bicycle-powered generator, Djajakusuma listened to international news broadcasts and wrote them down; the information from these broadcasts was then printed in underground newspapers.
After the Indonesian National Revolution ended with Dutch recognition of Indonesia's independence in 1949, Djajakusuma continued to work as a journalist for "Patriot" (a rebranding of "Tentara") and the magazine "Kebudajaan Nusantara"; Mataram was reopened, and Djajakusuma began teaching there again while managing the Soboharsono cinema and writing several stage plays. Ismail, meanwhile, went back to Jakarta and established the National Film Corporation (, or Perfini); its first production, "Darah dan Doa" ("The Long March"), which gave a fictionalised version of the Siliwangi Division's trek from Yogyakarta to West Java in 1948, was directed by Ismail and released in 1950.
Career with Perfini.
In preparation for his second film, "Enam Djam di Jogja" ("Six Hours in Yogyakarta"), Ismail recalled Djajakusuma to Jakarta. For the film, Djajakusuma helped Ismail adapt the General Assault of 1 March 1949 for the screen. Production was completed on a low budget; Djajakusuma later recalled that their camera had to be powered by a car battery. Despite this and other difficulties, Djajakusuma stayed on after the film's completion, completing another work for Perfini, "Dosa Tak Berampun" ("Unforgivable Sin"), later that year. Ismail served as director for this film, about a man who leaves his family after he is transfixed by the smile of a waitress.
While Ismail, who remained head of Perfini, went abroad to study cinematography at the School of Theater, Film and Television at the University of California, Los Angeles, Djajakusuma began taking a larger role in Perfini. He made his directorial debut in 1952 with "Embun" ("Dewdrop"), which showed the psychological troubles faced by soldiers upon returning to their village after the revolution. The film was shot in Wonosari, at the time in the middle of a drought, to provide a visual metaphor for the barren souls of the warriors. Because of its depiction of traditional superstitions, the film had trouble with both the censorship bureau and critics; superstition was considered incompatible with the new republic's need for modernisation. The release of "Embun" made Djajakusuma one of four directors to work for Perfini; the others were Ismail, Nya Abas Akup, and Wahyu Sihombing.
Djajakusuma's next production, "Terimalah Laguku" ("Take My Song"; 1952), was a musical about an old, impoverished musician who sells his saxophone to help his former student's career. Though the film's technical quality was poor, when he returned to Indonesia in 1953 Ismail was pleased with the work, stating that the editing had been done well. Over the next year Ismail conveyed information he learned at UCLA to the Perfini staff; Djajakusuma followed these lessons closely. This was followed by "Harimau Tjampa" ("Tiger from Tjampa") in 1953, a film about a man who attempts to avenge his father's death. Set amidst Minang culture, the film featured some of the first nudity in a domestic production and was a considerable critical success.
In 1954 Djajakusuma directed two comedies, "Putri dari Medan" ("Daughter of Medan") and "Mertua Sinting" ("Insane Parents-in-Law"). The first dealt with three young men who resolve to never marry, only for their strength to waver after meeting some women from Medan, while the second followed a man who rejects his son's choice of spouse owing to her lack of noble descent, then unknowingly chooses the same woman to be his son's wife. The following year Djajakusuma helped establish the Indonesian Screen Actors Guild (; PARFI). His only film that year, the drama "Arni", told of a man who married another woman while his sick wife went to Padang, Sumatra, for treatment.
Djajakusuma studied cinematography in the United States, first at the University of Washington in Seattle, then at the University of Southern California's School of Cinematic Arts, from 1956 to 1957. When he returned to Indonesia, he worked with Ismail and fellow Perfini employee Asrul Sani to establish the National Theatre Academy of Indonesia (), which promoted realism; the Indonesian dramatist Putu Wijaya described the realism promoted by the Academy as more Indonesian than Western, while Djajakusuma considered inspired by the Italian neorealist movement. Djajakusuma remained a lecturer with the academy until 1970, and his students considered him humorous and easy to approach.
Upon his return to Indonesia, Djajakusuma began work on "Tjambuk Api" ("Whips of Fire"; 1958), a critique of the widespread corruption in Indonesia; this theme led to the film being held by the censorship bureau for almost a year. The director followed this with the drama "Pak Prawiro" ("Mr. Prawiro"), which was sponsored by the Post Savings Bank () and meant to convey the importance of having savings. During this period he studied the traditional theatre of India, travelling to Calcutta, Madras, and New Delhi; he hoped that this first-hand experience would inspire him in the filming of traditional Indonesian stories.
In 1960 Djajakusuma released his first film based on traditional "wayang" stories, "Lahirnja Gatotkatja"; the traditional puppetry had fascinated him as a child, and he greatly enjoyed the character Gatotkaca. Shot in Yogyakarta, the film featured a cast of stars from Jakarta and local talent in backing roles. It was, however, controversial: "dhalang" and others versed in "wayang" argued that the director had ignored too many traditional aspects of the puppetry. That year Djajakusuma also served as production manager for Ismail's "Pedjuang" ("Warriors for Freedom") and directed "Mak Tjomblang" ("Mrs. Tjomblang"), a comedy adapted from Nikolai Gogol's 1842 drama "Marriage".
Djajakusuma released another comedy, "Masa Topan dan Badai" ("Time of Cyclones and Storms"), in 1963; the film centres around the family dynamics of a conservative father, liberal mother, and their two teenaged daughters who are in the throes of adolescence. The following year Djajakusuma directed his last film with Perfini, "Rimba Bergema" ("Echoing Jungles"), which was meant to promote the nation's rubber industry. That year he helped establish the Film and TV Employee's Union (), a response to the Lekra-sponsored Indonesian Film League. As with Ismail and most Perfini employees, Djajakusuma was staunchly against the communist-affiliated Lekra; the cultural group was likewise hostile towards those affiliated with Perfini.
Later career.
Towards the end of his time with Perfini, Djajakusuma again became active in traditional arts. He devoted considerable time towards the promotion of "wayang". In 1967 he organised the National Wayang Festival, which collapsed shortly afterwards owing to a lack of funds. In 1967 he directed the "wayang"-inspired film "Bimo Kroda" for Pantja Murti Film, which used the destruction of the Pandawa – brothers in the Hindu epic "Mahābhārata" – to represent the kidnappings and subsequent murders of five army generals during the 30 September Movement in 1965. Djajakusuma's involvement with "wayang" continued into the early 1970s; he organised two Wayang Weeks, in 1970 and 1974, as well as a national "wayang" festival in 1977. Furthermore, he established two "wayang orang" troupes, Jaya Budaya (1971) and Bharata (1973), hoping to save the ailing medium by modernising it.
Meanwhile, Djajakusuma helped promote art forms such as the Betawi "lenong" and Javanese "ludruk" over a period of several years. He is particularly recognised for his revitalising "lenong". Beginning in 1968, Djajakusuma appeared on television as an advocate of "lenong", which was then limited to rural villages and on the verge of dying out. He increased popular knowledge of the form while arguing for proper remuneration for performers. Through the 1970s "lenong" was performed at Ismail Marzuki Hall, drawing considerable audiences, and several "lenong" performers found mainstream acclaim in the film industry.
Djajakusuma also promoted non-traditional cultural activities, both modern and foreign. In 1968 he became the head of the Jakarta Art Council, a position he held until 1977, and in 1970 he held a "kroncong" music festival. Beginning with the school's establishment in 1970, he became a lecturer at the Jakarta Institute for Arts Education (, later the Jakarta Art Institute [, or IKJ]), teaching cinematography. To better understand the world's theatre, in 1977 he went to Japan and China to study their traditions. He later led the students in various stage performances, including adaptations of Japanese "noh" and Chinese opera; several of these performances were held at Ismail Marzuki Hall. In the 1970s Djajakusuma held a variety of positions in film organisations, including as a member of the Film Council (1974–76), a member of the Board of Trustees for Radio and TV Broadcasts (1976), and a member of the Bureau for the Development of National Film (1977–78).
Djajakusuma's productivity in the film industry, however, declined. In 1971 he directed his final films, "Api di Bukit Menoreh" ("Fire on Mount Menoreh") and "Malin Kundang (Anak Durhaka)" ("Malin Kundang Child"). The first, released for Penas Film Studio and based on a novel by Singgih Hadi Mintardja, followed soldiers from the Kingdom of Pajang in their efforts to subdue soldiers from the rival kingdom of Jipang. The second film was an adaptation of the Malay folktale of the same name. Starring Rano Karno and Putu Wijaya as the title character, the film follows a young boy who forgets his roots after spending much of his childhood at sea. His last role as a filmmaker was in 1977, when he helped produce Fritz G. Schadt's comedy "Bang Kojak" ("Brother Kojak"; 1977).
Final years and death.
In 1977 Djajakusuma served on the jury of the Indonesian Film Festival (, or FFI). While reading the decision, he collapsed and was rushed to the hospital, while Rosihan Anwar completed the reading. Djajakusuma's neighbour and frequent collaborator Taufiq Ismail told reporters that it was not the first time Djajakusuma had collapsed. Djajakusuma continued to suffer from bouts of sudden weakness for the rest of his life, caused by high blood pressure.
Despite his rapidly failing health, Djajakusuma remained active in the arts. In 1980 he made his last film appearance, and his only role on the big screen, acting in Ismail Soebardjo's "Perempuan dalam Pasungan" ("Girl in Stocks"). He and Sofia WD portrayed parents who regularly put their daughter in stocks to punish her for being disobedient; in an interview with "Suara Karya", Soebardjo recalled that, from the time he had written it, he had only considered Djajakusuma for the role. "Perempuan dalam Pasungan" won the Citra Award for Best Film at the 1981 Indonesian Film Festival, and Djajakusuma expressed an interest in making several further films; this was, however, never realised. In 1983 Djajakusuma served as dean of the Faculty of Arts at IKJ, and in 1984 he went to the Three Continents Festival in Nantes, France, where two of his films were shown to critical acclaim.
In early 1987 Djajakusuma's doctor diagnosed him with heart disease, which led Djajakusuma to begin dieting and stop smoking. He continued to be highly respected in Indonesian film circles, but was displeased with the condition of the country's film industry, which he considered to be on the verge of collapse. This he blamed on American cultural imperialism, which meant that most cinemas preferred screening foreign films, especially those from Hollywood, and that Indonesian youth were no longer creating a uniquely Indonesia identity.
Djajakusuma collapsed on 28 October 1987 while giving a speech in commemoration of the Youth Pledge at the IKJ, striking his head on a stone step. After being rushed to Cikini General Hospital, he was declared dead at 10:05 a.m. local time (UTC+7). He was buried at Karet Bivak Cemetery that evening, after ceremonies at the IKJ led by the author Sutan Takdir Alisjahbana and prayers at the Amir Hamzah Mosque in Ismail Marzuki Hall led by the poet Taufiq Ismail. Among the mourners were the former Minister of Information Boediardjo, the Minister of Education and Culture Fuad Hassan, and the Deputy Governor of Jakarta Anwar Umar.
Djajakusuma had never married, but left behind several nieces and nephews whom he had raised as his own children. After his death, newspapers throughout Jakarta carried obituaries by such cultural and film figures as Alisjahbana, the producer Misbach Yusa Biran, and the Perfini cameraman Soemardjono. These obituaries emphasised Djajakusuma's role in the development of the Indonesian film industry and the preservation of traditional culture. In a ceremony commemorating the fifth anniversary of Djajakusuma's death, all his documents and books were donated to the IKJ library.
Style.
Like Usmar Ismail, Djajakusuma was influenced by realism. However, while Ismail preferred to focus on national-level themes, Djajakusuma was more drawn to simple, locally relevant storylines with educational messages. This realism carried over into Djajakusuma's work in "wayang". The settings, traditionally drawn, were instead created as three-dimensional sets, including representations of trees, rocks, and water. According to Soemardjono, who often edited Djajakusuma's films, the director enjoyed experimenting with new techniques to better convey his intentions.
Djajakusuma often included traditional arts in his films, and two of them ("Lahirnja Gatotkatja" and "Bimo Kroda") were based on traditional "wayang" stories and used "wayang"-inspired costumes and tempos. This focus on aspects of traditional culture fell out of the mainstream after 1965, having been replaced by films about city life. Djajakusuma's theatrical productions experimented with new storytelling techniques, adapting the traditional styles for the modern world. As a lecturer teaching screenwriting and the history of theatre, Djajakusuma focused on Indonesian arts. He argued that Indonesians should rely on local culture, not continuously look towards the West. In other areas he was mostly apolitical.
The Indonesian sociologist Umar Kayam, who had served on the Jakarta Art Council with Djajakusuma, described the director as highly disciplined. Biran described him as having a fiery temper which could be triggered suddenly, yet quick to calm when the trigger was removed; this sentiment was echoed by several people who had worked with Djajakusuma. Coverage in the film magazine "Djaja" described him as hardworking and highly dedicated to his craft, to the point of forsaking romantic relationships.
Reception.
Djajakusuma's film "Harimau Tjampa" garnered him the Best Screenplay Award at the 1954 Asian Film Festival. His later film "Bimo Kroda" was recognised by the Indonesian Department of Information for promoting traditional culture. In 1970 he received an Art Award from the Indonesian government for "his service to the State as the Main Promoter of the Development of Modern Drama". At the 1987 Indonesian Film Festival, he received a special award for his contributions to the film industry, and in November 2003 he was posthumously granted a Budaya Parama Dharma Award by President Megawati Sukarnoputri for his contributions to the development of Indonesian culture.
Critical reception has been positive. The award-winning director Teguh Karya cited the works of Djajakusuma, Usmar Ismail, and Asrul Sani as "legendary" and among his greatest influences. Choreographer Bagong Kussudiardjo reportedly so respected Djajakusuma that he had named his son Djadoeg after the director. According to a memorial in the newspaper "Kompas", Djajakusuma was also dubbed a "living legend" during his visit to Nantes. A later "Kompas" article records Djajakusuma's best-remembered works are "Harimau Tjampa" and "Tjambuk Api". Those two works are those most often shown, owing to the fact that ready-to-use copies are stored at Sinematek Indonesia; his other surviving films are kept as negatives.

</doc>
<doc id="36643952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643952" title="False coverage rate">
False coverage rate

In statistics, a false coverage rate (FCR) is the average rate of false coverage, i.e. not covering the true parameters, among the selected intervals.
The FCR gives a simultaneous coverage at a (1 − "α")×100% level for all of the parameters considered in the problem. The FCR has a strong connection to the false discovery rate (FDR). Both methods address the Problem of multiple comparisons, FCR from confidence intervals (CIs) and FDR from P-value's point of view.
FCR was needed because of dangers caused by selective inference. Researchers and scientists tend to report or highlight only the portion of data that is considered significant. It is therefore necessary to understand how the data is falsely covered. There are many FCR procedures which can be used depending on the length of the CI – Bonferroni-selected–Bonferroni-adjusted, Adjusted BH-Selected CIs (Benjamini and Yekutieli (2005)), Bayes FCR (Yekutieli (2008)). The incentive of choosing one procedure over another is to ensure that the CI is as narrow as possible and to keep the FCR. For microarray experiments and other modern applications, there are a huge number of parameters, often tens of thousands or more and it is very important to choose the most powerful procedure.
Definitions.
Not keeping the FCR means formula_1 when formula_2, where formula_3 is the number of true null hypotheses and formula_4 is the number of rejected hypothesis. Intervals with simultaneous coverage probability formula_5 can control the FCR to be bounded by formula_6.
The problems addressed by FCR.
Selection.
Selection causes reduced average coverage. Selection can be presented as conditioning on an event defined by the data and may affect the coverage probability of a CI for a single parameter. Equivalently, the problem of selection changes the basic sense of P-values. FCR procedures consider that the goal of conditional coverage following any selection rule for any set of (unknown) values for the parameters is impossible to achieve. A weaker property when it comes to selective CIs is possible and will avoid false coverage statements. FCR is a measure of interval coverage following selection. Therefore, even though a 1 − "α" CI does not offer selective (conditional) coverage, the probability of constructing a no covering CI is at most "α", where
Selection and multiplicity.
When facing both multiplicity (inference about multiple parameters) and selection, not only is the expected proportion of coverage over selected parameters at 1−α not equivalent to the expected proportion of no coverage at α, but also the latter can no longer be ensured by constructing marginal CIs for each selected parameter. FCR procedures solve this by taking the expected proportion of parameters not covered by their CIs among the selected parameters, where the proportion is 0 if no parameter is selected. This false coverage-statement rate (FCR) is a property of any procedure that is defined by the way in which parameters are selected and the way in which the multiple intervals are constructed.
Procedures.
Bonferroni procedure (Bonferroni-selected–Bonferroni-adjusted) for simultaneous CI.
Simultaneous CIs with Bonferroni procedure when we have m parameters, each marginal CI constructed at the 1 − α/m level. Without selection, these CIs offer simultaneous coverage, in the sense that the probability that all CIs cover their respective parameters is at least 1 − α. unfortunately, even such a strong property does not ensure the conditional confidence property following selection.
FCR for Bonferroni-selected–Bonferroni-adjusted simultaneous CI.
The Bonferroni–Bonferroni procedure cannot offer conditional coverage, however it does control the FCR at <α In fact it does so too well, in the sense that the FCR is much too close to 0 for large values of θ Intervals selection is based on Bonferroni testing, and Bonferroni CIs are then constructed. The FCR is estimated as, the proportion of intervals failing to cover their respective parameters among the constructed CIs is calculated (setting the proportion to 0 when none are selected). Where selection is based on unadjusted individual testing and unadjusted CIs are constructed.
FCR-adjusted BH-selected CIs.
In BH procedure for FDR after sorting the "p" values "P"(1) ≤ • • • ≤ "P"("m") and calculating "R" = max{ "j" : "P"( "j") ≤ "j" • "q"/"m"}, the "R" null hypotheses for which "P"("i") ≤ "R" • "q"/"m" are rejected. If testing is done using the Bonferroni procedure, then the lower bound of the FCR may drop well below the desired level "q", implying that the intervals are too long. In contrast, applying the following procedure, which combines the general procedure with the FDR controlling testing in the BH procedure, also yields a lower bound for the FCR, "q"/2 ≤ FCR. This procedure is sharp in the sense that for some configurations, the FCR approaches "q".
1. Sort the p values used for testing the m hypotheses regarding the parameters, "P"(1) ≤ • • • ≤"P"("m").
2. Calculate "R" = max{"i" : "P"("i") ≤ "i" • "q"/"m"}.
3. Select the "R" parameters for which "P"("i") ≤ "R" • "q"/"m", corresponding to the rejected hypotheses.
4. Construct a 1 − "R" • "q"/"m" CI for each parameter selected.
References.
Footnotes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36643955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643955" title="California Street (Huntsville)">
California Street (Huntsville)

California Street is a major north-south thoroughfare in Huntsville, Alabama connecting historic Five Points to south Huntsville. On average, approximately 18,500 vehicles travel the 1.8 mile stretch of road a day.
Street Description.
From the south, California Street branches off of Whitesburg Drive, headed north, immediately intersecting Bob Wallace Avenue. The five lane highway travels through a density populated residential neighborhood to meet Governors Drive (US-431) where it becomes the eastern boundary of the Huntsville Hospital medical district. California Street passes to the east of Huntsville High Scool and California Street Park. 
The road narrows to four lanes as it zig zags through another density populated residential neighborhood after passing Maple Hill Cemetery. The street takes on the name 'Andrew Jackson Way' at the intersection of Clinton Avenue where it continues to meet Holmes Avenue in Five Points and later connects directly to Interstate 565 at Oakwood Avenue.
History.
California Street is one of the older streets in Huntsville, dating back to pre-Civil War.

</doc>
<doc id="36643958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643958" title="Hatem Ghaeb">
Hatem Ghaeb

Hatem Ghaeb is a Syrian football Forward who played for Syria in the 1996 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36643987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36643987" title="Nader Jokhadar">
Nader Jokhadar

Nader Jokhadar is a Syrian football Forward who played for Syria in the 1996 Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36644014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644014" title="WhoCares">
WhoCares

WhoCares was a supergroup formed by Ian Gillan of Deep Purple and Tony Iommi of Black Sabbath in 2011 with the participation of a great number of rock artists as a charity project to raise money to rebuild a music school in Gyumri, Armenia after the destruction of the city in the 1988 earthquake in Armenia. The album sold more than 20000 copies in Europe.
Members.
The super group WhoCares was originally made up Ian Gillan (of Deep Purple) and Tony Iommi (of Black Sabbath).
Many artists took part in the project, namely the late Jon Lord (of Deep Purple), Jason Newsted (of Metallica), Nicko McBrain (of Iron Maiden) and Mikko "Linde" Lindström (of HIM)
Background.
The formation of the project WhoCares follows a two-decade continuous efforts by Gillan in helping Armenia after the devastating earthquake there in north of the country. Gillan had been involved in Rock Aid Armenia following the earthquake. The documentary "Picture of Home" shot by Bernie Zelvis and Christina Rowatt documented Gillan's involvement with David Gilmour, Brian May, Ritchie Blackmore and Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson in recording "Smoke on the Water" as a charity for Armenian relief efforts. 
On a return visit to Armenia to receive honorary presidential medal for their efforts, Gillan and Iommi learned about a derelict music school in Gyumri heavily affected by the earthquake. The music school was in dire need of repairs and staff, and lacked many musical instruments. Gillan and Iommi formed WhoCares to provide financing for the school and solicited help from other artists to make music as a charity for the school.
Releases.
WhoCares debut single in 2011 was the 2-track release "Out of My Mind / Holy Water", a charity release that was made available digital download, on CD and as a limited 7" edition
In July-August 2012, WhoCares launched a 2-CD release "" containing many classic songs, but also rarities and special tracks for the album.

</doc>
<doc id="36644032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644032" title="Victor Pickard (professor)">
Victor Pickard (professor)

Victor Pickard is an American media studies scholar. He is a professor at the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania where his research explores the intersections of U.S. and global media activism and politics; the history and political economy of media institutions; and the normative foundations of media policy. He has delivered numerous conference presentations, invited lectures, and media interviews, and published dozens of journal articles and book chapters on subjects such as the politics of digital media policy, the media reform movement, and mainstream news narratives. He frequently speaks to the public and to the press about media-related issues and his op-eds have appeared in newspapers like "The Guardian", "The Seattle Times", and "The Philadelphia Inquirer".
Background and Education.
Pickard was born outside of Pittsburgh in Sewickley, Pennsylvania. He attended Allegheny College after graduating from Quaker Valley High School. After living abroad for nearly five years of teaching and traveling in parts of Asia, Europe, and Central/South America, Pickard returned to the U.S. to resume his academic studies. He holds a Masters degree in communications from the University of Washington where he conducted research for the Center for Communication and Civic Engagement and wrote his thesis on the Seattle Independent Media Center, an innovative communications model based on networked activism, open publishing, and consensus-based decision-making. In 2008 he received his Ph.D. at the Institute of Communications Research at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.
Academic Career and Policy Work.
Before teaching at Penn, Pickard was an assistant professor in the Media, Culture, and Communication Department at New York University. At NYU Jon Stewart guest-lectured Pickard's Intro to Media Studies course (a clip of the event aired on The Oprah Winfrey Show). Pickard also designed and taught the inaugural Verklin media policy course at the University of Virginia. In Washington, D.C. he worked on media policy as a senior research fellow at the media reform organization Free Press and the public policy think tank the New America Foundation. Pickard was the first full-time researcher at New America's Open Technology Institute, where he continues to serve as a senior research fellow and advises their Media Policy Initiative and Wireless Future Project. While working in D.C. he also served as a media policy fellow for Congresswoman Diane Watson and spent a summer conducting research as a Google Policy Fellow.
Pickard's research has received a number of grants and awards from national and international associations, including the National Communication Association, the International Communication Association, the Association of Internet Researchers, and the Yale Information Society Project's Access to Knowledge Conference. He received the Gerald R. Miller Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation Award for "Media Democracy Deferred: The Postwar Settlement for U.S. Communications, 1945-1949", which focuses on postwar media policy debates and reform efforts. This research forms the basis of his book on the history and future of news media (forthcoming with Cambridge University Press).
Scholarship on the Future of Journalism.
In 2009, Professor Pickard was the lead author of the first comprehensive report on the American journalism crisis, "Saving the News: Toward a National Journalism Strategy" (Published by Free Press). The widely cited report documented the roots of the crisis, potential alternative models, and policy recommendations for implementing structural reform in the American media system. The report was described as “the most intelligent and comprehensive proposed solution to the crisis in journalism" and listed as one of “2009’s Most Influential Media About Media.” 
In 2011 Pickard co-edited the book "Will the Last Reporter Please Turn out the Lights: The Collapse of Journalism and What Can Be Done To Fix It" with Robert McChesney. The book provides a comprehensive analysis of the shifting news media landscape and maps the ongoing debates about journalism's uncertain future. Booklist called it “Bold, meditative, engrossing, this is an indispensable guide for followers of modern media.” A review in Library Journal described it as highlighting "journalism's role as a crucial component of democracy and an institution that needs to be reinvigorated ... anyone concerned about the state of journalism should read this book."

</doc>
<doc id="36644036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644036" title="Jonathan Worth">
Jonathan Worth

Jonathan Worth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36644045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644045" title="Rimrock, Montana">
Rimrock, Montana

Rimrock is a populated place located in Yellowstone County at .
The elevation is 3,468 feet. Rimrock appears on the Rimrock U.S. Geological Survey Map. Yellowstone County is in the Mountain Time Zone (UTC -7 hours).
History.
Rimrock was established as a stop on the Great Northern Railroad and was named after a distinct sandstone cliff formation that it stood at the base of.
Today the area is closed to the public, including the 72nd Street West access. The area is primarily used for agriculture. Only a few trees and the now unused railroad siding and mound can be seen. There is little else at surface remaining. Much is hidden from ground view due to the high berm of the railroad, but the layout can be viewed from Philps Park, which occupies part of the cliff formations just above the site.

</doc>
<doc id="36644062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644062" title="Ananius">
Ananius

Ananius () was a Greek iambic poet, contemporary with Hipponax (about 540 BCE). The invention of the satyric iambic verse called Scazon is ascribed to him as well as to Hipponax. Some fragments of Ananius are preserved by Athenaeus, and all that is known of him was been collected by Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36644068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644068" title="Chromium pentafluoride">
Chromium pentafluoride

Chromium pentafluoride is a compound of chromium and fluorine. Its chemical formula is . It is a red volatile solid that melts at 30 °C, which easily hydrolyses to chromium(III) and chromium(VI). It has the same crystal structure as vanadium pentafluoride. It is the highest known chromium fluoride, since the hypothetical chromium hexafluoride has not yet been synthesized.
Chromium pentafluoride is one of the products of the action of fluorine on a mixture of potassium and chromic chlorides.

</doc>
<doc id="36644077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644077" title="Stephen Waldschmidt">
Stephen Waldschmidt

Stephen Waldschmidt is an actor, playwright, theatre director, scenic designer, graphic designer, and stay-at-home dad originally from Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
Theatre career.
Stephen Waldschmidt is an actor, playwright, theatre director, scenic designer, graphic designer, and stay-at-home dad originally from Cleveland, Ohio, United States. He is known for portraying Jesus in the Canadian Badlands Passion Play in Drumheller, a part that he has played five times. He also performed as Greville in the premiere of "A Bright Particular Star". As a scenic designer, he designed the set for a 2007 performance of "The Quarrel" and a revolving set for a 2009 performance of "Lettice and Lovage". As a playwright, he wrote "Hockey Dad: A Play in 3 Periods" with James Popoff. He is one of Burnt Thicket Theatre's artistic associates.
"She Has a Name".
In 2010, Waldschmidt attended a presentation by Andrew Kooman in Strathmore about human trafficking. The location of Kooman's presentation was Waldschmidt's home church. Kooman mentioned "She Has a Name", a play that he had written about human trafficking, and Waldschmidt soon asked Kooman for permission to read the script. Waldschmidt felt drawn to address the issue of human trafficking even before discovering "She Has a Name" and had gotten involved with some fair trade initiatives. Waldschmidt attested to his feet sweating after having first read the script and said that it was one of only two scripts that he had ever read that he could not put down before finishing. Nonetheless, he initially backed off from the play because of the immensity and ugliness of the issue. Eventually, however, he and Kooman worked together on the script, expanding it to a full-length play with an extra hour's worth of material by the end of 2010, resulting in a play that can be performed in ninety minutes but may last up to two hours. Kooman and Waldschmidt were moved to continue working on the play because of worldwide human trafficking statistics; namely, that 800000 people are trafficked across international borders each year, that there are 10 million children forced to work in the sex industry, that 1 million of these are child prostitutes, and that sex traffickers have an average annual income of $280000 per victim. Waldschmidt directed the premiere of "She Has a Name", a performance for which he also served as scenic designer. He was also the director for the 2012 tour of "She Has a Name".

</doc>
<doc id="36644106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644106" title="Wisconsin shooting">
Wisconsin shooting

Wisconsin shooting may refer to three mass murders in Wisconsin, United States:

</doc>
<doc id="36644132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644132" title="Anaphas">
Anaphas

Anaphas () was a man of Ancient Greece said to have been one of the seven who slew the usurper Bardiya in 521 BCE, and to have been lineally descended from Atossa, the sister of Cambyses, who was the father of Cyrus the Great. The kings of Cappadocia traced their origin to Anaphas, who received the government of Cappadocia, free from taxes. Anaphas was succeeded by his son of the same name, and the latter by Datames.

</doc>
<doc id="36644144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644144" title="Thomas J. Aquilino, Jr.">
Thomas J. Aquilino, Jr.

Thomas Joseph Aquilino, Jr. (born 1939) is a Senior Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
Biography.
Aquilino was born in 1939 in Mount Kisco, New York. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1962 from Drew University. He received a Juris Doctorate in 1969 from Rutgers University School of Law. He served in the United States Army from 1962 to 1965. He served as a law clerk to Judge John M. Cannella of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York from 1969 to 1971. He worked in private practice in New York City from 1971 to 1985. He was an adjunct professor of law at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law from 1984 to 1995.
Federal Judicial Service.
On February 25, 1985, President Reagan nominated Aquilino to be a Judge for the United States Court of International Trade, to the seat vacated by Frederick Landis, Jr.. He was confirmed by the Senate on April 3, 1985 and received his commission the following day. He took senior status on December 10, 2004 and was succeeded by Leo M. Gordon.

</doc>
<doc id="36644153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644153" title="A.B. Quintanilla discography">
A.B. Quintanilla discography

The discography of Mexican-American musician A.B. Quintanilla consists of eight studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums, two remix albums, five video albums, twenty-nine singles and twenty-nine music videos.

</doc>
<doc id="36644187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644187" title="Tea Area School District (South Dakota)">
Tea Area School District (South Dakota)

The Tea Area School District is a public school district in Lincoln County, South Dakota, United States, based in Tea, South Dakota.
Schools.
The Tea Area School District has one elementary school, one intermediate school, one middle school, and one high school.

</doc>
<doc id="36644194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644194" title="2007 AFC Asian Cup Group A">
2007 AFC Asian Cup Group A

Group A of the 2007 AFC Asian Cup was one of four groups of nations competing at the 2007 AFC Asian Cup. The group's first round of matches began on 7 July and its last matches were played on 16 July. All six group matches were played at venues in Bangkok, Thailand. The group consisted Thailand (the host of the tournament) as well as Iraq, Australia and Oman.
Overall.
"All times are UTC+7."

</doc>
<doc id="36644215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644215" title="Saeed Abdi Farah">
Saeed Abdi Farah

Col. Saeed Abdi Farah (, ) is a Somali politician. He previously served as Mayor of Galkayo, the capital of the Mudug region in north-central Somalia.
Career.
Farah was appointed Mayor of Galkayo on August 24, 2011 by the autonomous Puntland administration.
In 2012, he launched seven new major development projects in the city. The latter include the construction of several schools and businesses in the Garsoor and Israa neighborhoods. Mayor Farah and the Mudug region Governor Mohamed Yusuf Jama (Tigey) also oversaw the opening of a new construction firm in addition to another water filtration company, Duuh.
On February 6, 2013, Ahmed Ali Salaad succeeded Farah as Mayor of Galkayo. During his time leading the municipal authority, Farah is credited with having considerably strengthened local security and promoted various social programs in the city in conjunction with the Mudug regional office. He is reportedly next slated to assume a leadership position with the Puntland Dervish Force (Puntland Daraawiish).

</doc>
<doc id="36644224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644224" title="Cohen ring">
Cohen ring

In algebra, a Cohen ring is a field or a complete discrete valuation ring of mixed characteristic formula_1 whose maximal ideal is generated by "p". Cohen rings are used in the Cohen structure theorem for complete Noetherian local rings.

</doc>
<doc id="36644226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644226" title="Fernando Leal (artist)">
Fernando Leal (artist)

Fernando Leal (February 26, 1896 - October 7. 1964) was one of the first painters to participate in the Mexican muralism movement starting in the 1920s. After seeing one of his paintings, Secretary of Education José Vasconcelos invited Leal to paint at the Escuela Nacional Preparatoria. The resulting work is "Los danzantes de Chalma". Leal also painted a mural dedicated to Simón Bolívar at the Anfiteatro Bolivar, as well as religious murals such as those at the chapel dedicated to the Virgin of Guadalupe at the Basilica Villa in Tepeyac.
Life.
Fernando Leal was born in Mexico City on February 26, 1896. He first studied art at the Academy of San Carlos, then switched to the Escuela al Aire Libre de Coyoacán, studying under Alfredo Ramos Martinez. He was classmates with Gabriel Fernández Ledesma, Rafael Vera de Córdoba, Ramón Alva de la Canal and Fermín Revueltas.
Leal died on October 7, 1964. He is survived by his son, Fernando Leal Audirac, who also became a noted Mexican painter.
Career.
Leal was one of the first muralists in Mexico, in a movement that began in the 1920s. In 1921 Vasconcelos, Secretary of Education, visited Leal’s school in Coyoacán. An easel painting by the artist called "Zapatistas at Rest", painted that same year, caught his eye. Leal said that the imagery of the indigenous persons with realistic detail, done in European painting techniques, fit Vasconcelos’ needs. He asked Leal to do a mural on the walls of the preparatory school. Leal was recruited by Vasconcelos along with a number of other artists such as Diego Rivera, Xavier Guerrero, Amado de la Cueva, Jean Charlot, David Alfaro Siqueiros and others to paint for the post-Revolutionary government, to create a “new sense of Mexican identity.”
The first mural he painted was "Los danzantes de Chalma" at the Escuela Nacional Preparatoria, today the San Ildefonso College. Leal chose the theme when offered his choice by Vasconcelos. The encaustic mural shows a ritual performed in the sanctuary town of Chalma, with its fusion of Catholic and indigenous rites. It is naturalist in style with simplification of forms in a Post-Impressionist manner. Opposite this mural is "La conquista de Tenochtitlán" (Conquest of Tenochtitlan) by Jean Charlot, who was invited to paint by Leal. 
The other of his best-known works is a fresco at the Anfiteatro Bolívar, painted from 1930 to 1933. It is notable for its depiction of the life of Simon Bolivar. In the Bolivar mural, Leal combined history with fantasy in the main scene with Bolivar on horseback. The bottom shows the violence of the struggle for liberty, and features indigenous people who appear as Muses or inspiration for the hero. 
He also painted works which have not survived. In 1927, he painted murals at the Departamento de Salubridad, but these were destroyed. Also destroyed was a mural for the Instituto Nacional de Panamá, with the title of "Neptuno encandenado" (Neptune chained), a criticism of imperialism. In 1943, he painted two panels in the train station of San Luis Potosí called "El triunfo de la locomotora" (The triumph of the locomotive) and "La edad de la máquina" (The age of the machine). The first of these contrasts the old and new ways to travel. The old way, by foot and horse/donkey, shows robbery and other violent scenes, while the train is shown as traversing great distances. In San Luis Potosí he painted the vault of the San Juan de Díos Church, entitled La protección de la Virgen a Santo Domingo (The protection of the Virgin of Santo Domingo). In 1949, he painted seven murals at the Tepeyac chapel at the Villa de Guadalupe, frescos that narrate the story of the appearance of the Virgin of Guadalupe.
He taught painting at the Academy of San Carlos, and in 1927 was appointed director of the Centro Popular de Pintura in Nonoalco. Its mission was to make art accessible to the working classes. In 1952 he was appointed Ministry of Culture, where he campaigned for artists´ rights in 1959. He also served director of the Escuela al Aire Libre de Coyoacán.
Leal was founder of the group ¡30-30!, which published a review in opposition to academic ideology in art, taking part in the group’s exhibitions starting in 1929.
He occasionally wrote art criticism. In 1952, he published El derecho de la cultura (The right of culture). He also wrote an unfinished history of the Academy of San Carlos.
His paintings can be found in the Museo de Arte Moderno, including "El hombre de la tuna" (The man of the prickly pear) and "Campesinos con sarape" (Farm workers with sarape). (encmex) He was also a successful wood engraver.
Artistry.
Leal is best known for his mural work, but he also did engraving, lithography and painting on canvas. He was one of the first Mexican muralists using a number of different techniques. He was one of the first to create small trial versions of a work in order to find the best means of executing monumental works. His murals usually used encaustic painting producing rich transparent colors, subtly graduated and free from heavy chiaroscuro .
He was notable for his use of color and his early use of images from Mexican rural and popular culture. His themes were mostly popular traditions and Biblical personages, one of the first to use indigenous themes for monumental work. His work features a synthesis of shapes in the styles of Saturnino Herrán, avoiding allegory, trademarks of the Mexican realist school of paintings. His artistic style was somewhere between Baroque and Classic but with use of bright colors. The base of the work was Classic but the repetition of forms is Baroque. However, his canvas works tends to be stylized with a simplification of forms in a post Impressionist style. 

</doc>
<doc id="36644237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644237" title="Sterilgarda">
Sterilgarda

Sterilgarda Alimenti S.p.A. is an Italian dairy produce company, based in Castiglione delle Stiviere in the Province of Mantua.
History.
Sterilgarda was formed in 1969 by a group of local dairy farming entrepreneurs to take advantage of two new technology innovations in milk production: the development of UHT milk, and the invention of the Tetrapak container. When combined, this would allow dairies to stabilise production, allowing long term storage of quantities of milk for when they were need to be purchased by consumers, and also extend the possible distribution chain even to where there was no daily door-step delivery.
Formed and still based in Castiglione delle Stiviere, the company started out by supplying just milk delivery companies. It quickly expanded in the 1970s to forming partnerships with retailers, and later into the foods market supplying milk and whey for the production of mascarpone cheese. Later in the decade, the company started centralised production of tomato paste, being close to the "hot-break" tomato production centres of the Casalasco farmers co-operative, located in Rivarolo del Re ed Uniti, Parma and Piacenza along the River Po valley.
With increased production in the 1980s, the company fully automated its production lines. This also allowed the company to extend into the production and packaging of fruit juices initially in consumable cellophane-wrapped packs for school children, and later family-sized litre-scale Tetrapak varieties. By the mid-80s, the company had experimenting with the production of desserts, especially a type of yogurt without milk-protein, but that was only initially available locally to the dairy due to its needs of being produced in glass jars. Fruit juice production was also expanded, with specific lines for the mixing industry aimed at cocktails, particularly a refined tomato juice for creating a Bloody Mary. Cheese production had also expanded with the introduction of gorgonzola and mascarpone, and the introduction of cream cheese and cottage cheese production.
In the early 1990s, the company develops new portion-sized deserts based around a mix of UHT derived pannacotta and fruit mix, which mainly replace the dwindling requirements from consumers fro yogurt-based products.
At the start of 2000, the company introduced lactose-free milk, flavored milk and deserts with added Omega 3. With new packaging available from Tetrapak, from 2000 Sterilgarda milk is marketed as "milk with cap", which brings a large growth in UHT milk sales. In 2010, using a patented-process, Sterilgarda launched micro-filtered UHT milk, providing a product with a long ambient-temperature storage life before being used.
Present.
The main plant covers an indoor enclosed area of and employs 263 people, on a site capable of doubling plant size. It currently produces of product per day, through eight product-line plants and 27 packaging lines. The separate but enclosed cheese dairy plant produces of mascarpone and of ricotta per day.
The company currently produces:
They currently have under development new lines for the drinks market, covering cocktail mixers, energy drinks and herbal teas.
Sports sponsorship.
The company has been a long-term sponsor of local football club F.C. Castiglione, that in the summer of 2010 the club changed its name to "F.C. Sterilgarda Castiglione A.S.D.".
From 2004 to 2011, the company were active in motorcycle racing sponsorship, mainly supporting World Superbike Championship teams with Italian riders. This started in the 2004 season, when the company sponsored the privateer DFX team who hence choose Marco Borciani to ride their Ducati 998RS. This continued until 2010, when they became main-sponsor of the Yamaha factory teams YZF-R1's. After Yamaha decided to pull out of WSB at the end of the 2011 season, Sterilgarda also confirmed that they would stop sponsoring teams in WSB. Max Biaggi, who rides for the Alitalia-sponsored Aprilia WSB team, is the current main personal-sponsored rider and face of marketing of Sterilgarda in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="36644241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644241" title="Moyie Dam">
Moyie Dam

Moyie Dam is a dam in Boundary County, Idaho.
The current 92-foot-high concrete gravity dam was built in 1950, and is owned and operated by the city of Bonners Ferry, Idaho. The city acquired its own hydroelectric facilities in 1921 and expanded several times; three powerhouses about 1000 feet downstream were built in 1921, 1941, and 1982, and their combined output totals just under 4 megawatts. As of 1984 Bonners Ferry was one of only three Idaho cities with its own municipally owned hydropower source, and the city ran it at a small profit returned to its general fund.
The dam creates a small, unnamed riverine reservoir on the Moyie of about 34 surface areas, holding about 540 acre-feet. 
Eileen Dam.
The ruins of the 1923 version of the dam, the Old Eileen Dam , stands five miles upstream. It's noted as one of the few concrete single-angle thin-arch dams to be breached, although it was not a structural failure. A sudden flood in 1925 overtopped the 52-foot dam, washed out the left embankment, and left the dam shell intact. There were no casualties. The shell and rusting powerhouse equipment remain, posing an obstacle, and mystery, for white-water rafters.

</doc>
<doc id="36644243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644243" title="2007 AFC Asian Cup Group C">
2007 AFC Asian Cup Group C

Group C of the 2007 AFC Asian Cup was one of four groups of nations competing at the 2007 AFC Asian Cup. The group's first round of matches began on 10 July and its last matches were played on 18 July. All six group matches were played at venues in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The group consisted Malaysia (the host of the tournament) as well as Iran, Uzbekistan and China PR.
Overall.
"All times are UTC+8."

</doc>
<doc id="36644267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644267" title="Kolin, Louisiana">
Kolin, Louisiana

Kolin is an unincorporated community in Rapides Parish, Louisiana in the United States and part of the Alexandria, Louisiana metropolitan area. Along with the nearby town of Libuse, it was founded in 1914 by Czech immigrants, and named after Kolín, Czech Republic.
Geography.
Kolin is located at .

</doc>
<doc id="36644272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644272" title="Double Clutch (video game)">
Double Clutch (video game)

Double Clutch is a Sega Mega Drive racing video game that was released in 1993.
This video game has a similar view to "Super Off Road". However, the main objective is to race on four different race courses while trying to win after three laps. Bumping into the opponents and/or the terrain forces players to take damages. The race will automatically end if too much damage is taken by the player.
Players can also practice freely on any track in order to bend the learning curve in their favor. Three difficulty levels determine how fast the players' automobile gets repaired along with the winnings earned from each track. Upgrades to the vehicle are also possible by the money earned from all the races.
"Mega" were harshly critical of the game, calling it "extremely dull" and crap, before recommending "Micro Machines" instead.

</doc>
<doc id="36644290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644290" title="Paul J. Sheehy">
Paul J. Sheehy

Paul Joseph Sheehy (November 1, 1934 – March 10, 2014) was an American politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, Massachusetts Senate and was City Manager of Lowell, Massachusetts.
Sheehy was born in Lowell. He attended Keith Academy, Lowell State College, and Suffolk University Law School.
From 1965 to 1972 he was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives. In 1972 he ran for the Massachusetts's 5th congressional district seat vacated by F. Bradford Morse. He finished second in the nine candidate Democratic primary, losing to John Kerry 27.56% to 20.75%. From 1971 to 1973 he served as director of the Lowell Bank and Trust Co.
In 1974, Sheehy was named city manager of Lowell. He resigned his post on September 5, 1975 after he was convicted of bank fraud and three counts of making false statements in Lowell Bank and Trust Co.'s books. He was sentenced to 60 days in prison and lost his license to practice law.
During the late 1970s and early 1980s, Sheehy worked in the offices of Congressmen James M. Shannon and Joseph D. Early.
In 1984 he was elected to the Massachusetts Senate. He served three terms before losing to Republican Nancy A. Sullivan in 1990.
Sheehy died on March 10, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36644310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644310" title="Artist (EP)">
Artist (EP)

Artist (stylized as aRtisT) is the third EP by the South Korean boy group Teen Top, released digitally on May 30, 2012 and physically on June 4, 2012 under the label of TOP Media. The lead single from the album is "To You".
Production.
The EP was once again produced by Brave Brothers who also produced the group's previous work, "It's" early in the year.

</doc>
<doc id="36644312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644312" title="Nancy DiNardo">
Nancy DiNardo

Nancy DiNardo (born 1949-'50) is the Chairwoman of the Democratic Party of Connecticut. She served as the chairperson of the party's Trumbull, CT Town Committee for nearly 20 years. DiNardo was employed as an educator in the Bridgeport, CT school system for 30 years.

</doc>
<doc id="36644317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644317" title="Fountain of Sorrow">
Fountain of Sorrow

"Fountain of Sorrow" is a song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne. Released as the second single from his classic 1974 album, "Late for the Sky", at 6:42, it was the longest song on the album, and the longest song Browne had yet released. ("For Everyman" was approximately 6:20.) Two minutes were removed from the single release of "Fountain of Sorrow," but the song still failed to chart on "Billboard"s Hot 100.
Origin.
The song is generally assumed to have been inspired by Browne's brief relationship with Joni Mitchell.
Reaction.
Many critics have written of the relationship song (and the album it is from) as reflecting a larger, general zeitgeist for the post-Vietnam War, post-Nixon era Baby Boomer audience, particularly the notable "You've known that hollow sound of your own steps in flight" line in the chorus. "The fondly reflective 'Fountain of Sorrow,' is typical of Browne's ability to make personal experience seem universal," said Gil Asakawa, in "Musichound Rock: The Essential Album Guide." Indeed, Joan Baez immediately recorded her own version of the song for her 1975 solo album, "Diamonds & Rust," placing it directly in the song listing after her title track, a remembrance song of her relationship with Bob Dylan in the 1960s and 1970s.
In his 1974 "Rolling Stone" review of "Late for the Sky", Stephen Holden wrote that the song "develops parallel themes of sex and nothingness, fantasy and realism, as Browne, looking at the photograph of a former lover, recalls:"
"In the chorus, highly romanticized sexuality becomes a 'fountain of sorrow, fountain of light.' Later in the album the water images are developed into a larger metaphor for death and rebirth," wrote Holden.
Robert Christgau called the song the best on the album: "I admit that the longest is also the best, an intricate extended metaphor called 'Fountain of Sorrow.'"
In his 2008 book "1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die", Tom Moon wrote that Browne's lost seeker's "inquiry leads him into the minefields of memory" on "Fountain of Sorrow," in which "a photograph opens the floodgates".
David Bertrand Wilson, in a review of "Late for the Sky" for his website, called the song one of Browne's successful "attempts to steer clear of clichés" on the album.
Other versions.
A live solo version by Browne at the piano is available on his 2005 release "Solo Acoustic, Vol. 1".

</doc>
<doc id="36644329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644329" title="Benstonite">
Benstonite

Benstonite is a mineral with formula Ba6Ca6Mg(CO3)13. Discovered in 1954, the mineral was described in 1961 and named after Orlando J. Benston (1901–1966).
Description and occurrence.
Benstonite is translucent and white, pale yellow, or pale yellow-brown in color. The mineral occurs as cleavable masses; cleavage fragments are nearly perfectly rhombohedral in shape. Cleavage faces are up to across and slightly curved. On large specimens, the faces exhibit a mosaic structure similar to that in some specimens of dolomite and siderite. Benstonite fluoresces red or yellow under x-rays and longwave and shortwave ultraviolet. The mineral also exhibits strong red phosphorescence.
Benstonite is known to occur in Canada, China, India, Italy, Namibia, Russia, Sweden, and the United States. It occurs in association with alstonite, barite, barytocalcite, calcite, daqingshanite, fluorite, huntite, monazite, phlogopite, pyrite, sphalerite, strontianite, and quartz.
Synthesis.
The mineral was first synthesized in 1973 during a study of the Ba-Mg-Ca-CO3 system in aqueous solution. At room temperature, a solution containing proportional quantities of magnesium chloride, barium chloride, and calcium chloride was prepared, to which sodium carbonate was added. The solution immediately precipitated, and after sitting for two weeks, the precipitate was identified as nearly pure benstonite.
History.
Orlando J. Benston of Malvern, Arkansas, visited a barite mine near the Magnet Cove igneous complex on New Year's Eve, 1954. He collected samples of a mineral that he guessed might be alstonite or barytocalcite on the basis of qualitative tests. Friedrich Lippmann identified it as a new mineral and described it in the journal "Naturwissenschaften" in 1961. He named it Benstonite in honor of Benston.
Type specimens are held at Victor Goldschmidt University in Germany and the National Museum of Natural History in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36644331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644331" title="Dukedom of Aliaga y Castellot">
Dukedom of Aliaga y Castellot

The Dukedom of Aliaga y Castellot is one of the highest titles of Spanish nobility associated with one of the members of the Grandes de España. The title was created in 1487 by King Ferdinand II of Aragón ("el Catolico") who raised the County of Aliaga to the status of a Dukedom. The title was created as a favor to Juan Fernández de Híjar y Cabrera who had been previously appointed as Count of Aliaga on 31 December 1461 by Ferdinand's father, John II of Aragon.
Aliaga is a municipality in the Province of Teruel, Aragon.
The title of Count of Aliaga, along with a title of lordship over Castellote, was granted to Juan Fernández by John II as a compensation and restitution bonus after peace was made in a war for power between Carlos de Viana, King John II's son and the king. Juan Fernández had fought on the side of the king's illegitimate son.
Juan Fernández de Híjar y Cabrera was the son of Juan Fernández de Híjar, the fifth Baron of Hijar and first lord of Lécera (title which he purchased). His mother was Juan Fernandez' second wife, Timbor de Cabrera, daughter of Bernardo de Cabrera, first Count of Módica, XXIV Viscount of Cabrera, XXVI Viscount of Bas, and II Viscount of Osuna.
The title over the Dukedom of Aliaga has been carried consistently for almost five centuries, having been almost 400 years under the control of the House of Híjar. As such, the Dukedom of Híjar and the Dukedom of Lécera have also traditionally been associated with title over Aliaga. These titles were separated after the reign of 12th Duke, José Rafael de Silva y Fernández de Híjar in 1863 who became the last Híjar to hold the title.

</doc>
<doc id="36644342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644342" title="Rapidcreekite">
Rapidcreekite

Rapidcreekite is a rare mineral with formula Ca2(SO4)(CO3)·4H2O. The mineral is white to colorless and occurs as groupings of acicular (needle-shaped) crystals. It was discovered in 1983 in northern Yukon, Canada, and described in 1986. Rapidcreekite is structurally and compositionally similar to gypsum.
Description.
Rapidcreekite is transparent and white to colorless. The mineral occurs as isolated clusters or pervasive crusts of radiating sprays of acicular crystals up to in length.
Structure.
In the structure of rapidcreekite, there are two distinct calcium sites coordinated by six oxygen anions and two H2O groups arranged as a square antiprism. The sulfur site is tetrahedrally coordinated by oxygen anions and the carbon site is coordinated by a triangle of oxygen anions. The structural unit of rapidcreekite is a sheet that consists of edge-sharing CaΦ8 polyhedra (Φ, unspecified species: O or OH) cross-linked by carbonate and sulfate groups. Sheets are held together by weaking hydrogen bonds, accounting for the perfect cleavage along {100}.
The structure and composition of rapidcreekite is similar to that of gypsum. If half of the sulfate groups in gypsum were replaced by carbonate, the formula of rapidcreekite is obtained. If gypsum were transformed by twinning along alternate rows of sulfate groups and the resultant triangles of oxygen along the boundary occupied by carbon, the structure of rapidcreekite would result.
History.
Rapidcreekite was first encountered in 1983 in a tributary of Rapid Creek unofficially known as Crosscut Creek at in northern Yukon. The mineral was named "rapidcreekite" for the general area in which it was found. The mineral and name were approved by the IMA Commission on New Minerals and Mineral Names (IMA1984-035). Rapidcreekite was described in 1986 in the journal "Canadian Mineralogist".
The holotype specimen, which consists of a few grams of rapidcreekite on a matrix, is held in the National Mineral Collection of the Geological Survey of Canada in Ottawa. Other specimens are held there and in the National Museum of Natural Sciences in Ottawa.
Occurrence.
Rapidcreekite occurs in association with aragonite, gypsum, and kulanite. It has been found in Canada, Germany, Norway, and Romania. The rare mineral occurs as a secondary phase that formed along the surfaces of joints and bedding planes in a quartz-rich sideritic formation. In the Rapid Creek area, the formation occurred in Albian ironstones and shales.

</doc>
<doc id="36644367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644367" title="F-117 Night Storm">
F-117 Night Storm

Gameplay.
The player pilots a Lockheed F-117 Nighthawk. There are two modes: arcade mode and campaign mode. Arcade mode allows players to pick and choose every aspect of the mission, while campaign mode is basically a career in the United States Air Force. From training missions in the deserts of Nevada (during the player's original enlistment period in 1982) to tours of duty in Panama (of the 1980s) and the Gulf War (lasting from 1990 to 1991), each mission has a primary objective that must be completed before moving on.
Players are given the option to equip from seven different weapons; including Sidewinder missiles. Digitized speech is included in this game. During the era of this video game's release, it was considered to be the most realistic combat flight simulator available for the general public. Cinema-like inset are used for dramatic storytelling during cut scenes. Laser targeting is used on the players' aircraft along with infrared displays of enemy aircraft and other targets.

</doc>
<doc id="36644368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644368" title="Nahum Ma'arabi">
Nahum Ma'arabi

Nahum Ma'arabi (or Maghrabi) was a Moroccan Hebrew poet and translator of the thirteenth century. 
His poems are found only in Moroccan collections. Two of his liturgical poems were published by Leopold Dukes in "Zur Kentniss der Hebräischen Poesie". Ma'arabi translated Maimonides' "Iggeret Teman" from Arabic into Hebrew and added a preface in verse. This was published in Basel in 1631. He also translated a commentary on the "Sefer Yeẓirah" by Isaac Israeli ben Solomon or Nissim ben Jacob, prefacing it with a poem. Another of his translations was Joseph ibn Tzaddik's "Microcosmos." The translation is anonymous, but Moritz Steinschneider attributes it to Ma'arabi. Finally, he translated Saadia Gaon's commentary on the thirteen hermeneutic rules of Rabbi Ishmael.

</doc>
<doc id="36644374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644374" title="Sandwich Community Unit School District 430">
Sandwich Community Unit School District 430

Sandwich Community Unit School District #430 is a school district headquartered in Sandwich, Illinois, United States.
History.
The district started with the community's first school, Herman E. Dummer School, located just north of the current district headquarters on Wells Street in Sandwich. The district grew to accommodate the growth of the community: there are now three elementary schools, a transitional school for kids in 4th and 5th Grade, a junior high school, and a high school. There are current plans to build a new high school to eliminate overcrowding at the current school. A picture of Dummer Elementary ended up on the 'Tonight Show with Jay Leno' during its "Headlines" segment, due to the school's unusual name and spelling, which is still displayed on the main entrance of the school.
IVVC (Indian Valley Vocational Center).
The school district also works with the Indian Valley Vocational Center, which serves as a High School level training center for students, which they attend in the first half of the school day, and they return to their home school for the second half. The center serves CUSD 9 (Earlville), CUSD 429 (Hinckley-Big Rock), CUSD 1 (Leland), CUSD 271 (Paw Paw), CUSD 430 (Sandwich), CUSD 432 (Somonauk), CUSD 425 (Indian Creek/Waterman-Shabbona), CUSD 18 (Newark), CUSD 88 (Plano), CUSD 2 (Serena-Sheridan), and CUSD 115 (Yorkville).

</doc>
<doc id="36644386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644386" title="Juan Fernández de Híjar y Cabrera">
Juan Fernández de Híjar y Cabrera

Juan Fernández de Híjar y Cabrera was a Spanish noble of the House of Híjar. He was the son of Juan Fernández de Híjar, the fifth Baron of Hijar and first lord of Lécera (title which he purchased). His mother was Juan Fernandez' second wife, Timbor de Cabrera, daughter of Bernardo de Cabrera, first Count of Módica, XXIV Viscount of Cabrera, XXVI Viscount of Bas, and II Viscount of Osuna.
Juan Fernández was the first Count of Aliaga and Duke of Aliaga. The title of Count of Aliaga, along with a title of lordship over Castellote, was granted to Juan Fernández by John II of Aragon as a compensation and restitution bonus after peace was made in a war for power between Carlos de Viana, King John II's son and the king. Juan Fernández had fought on the side of the king's illegitimate son.
His title of Count of Aliaga was later upgraded by Ferdinand II of Aragon to the status of Dukedom in 1487.

</doc>
<doc id="36644402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644402" title="Arnold Mitchell">
Arnold Mitchell

Arnold Mitchell (February 18, 1918 – July 17, 1985) was a social scientist and consumer futurist who worked for SRI International and created a noted psychographic methodology, Values, Attitudes and Lifestyles (VALS).
Career.
Mitchell coauthored a report on "Voluntary Simplicity" with Duane Elgin that was published by SRI in June 1976. The report was expanded and republished with a survey in CoEvolution Quarterly in 1977, which was used as the basis the 1981 book "Voluntary Simplicity".
VALS.
Michell created the Values, Attitudes and Lifestyles (VALS) psychographic methodology at SRI International in the late 1970s. VALS helps companies tailor their products and services to appeal to the people most likely to purchase them, and explains changing U.S. values and lifestyles. It was formally inaugurated as an SRI product in 1978. VALS was subsequently called "one of the ten top market research breakthroughs of the 1980s" by "Advertising Age" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="36644406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644406" title="Siliguri Police Commissionerate">
Siliguri Police Commissionerate

Siliguri Police Commissionerate or Siliguri Metropolitan Police, established in 2012, is a city police force with primary responsibilities in law enforcement and investigation within the certain urban parts of Siliguri, West Bengal. The Commissionerate is part of the West Bengal Police, and is under the administrative control of Home Ministry of West Bengal. It was formed after bifurcation of the Darjeeling Police District, and has five police stations under its jurisdiction. Anand Kumar has been appointed as the Commissioner of the Siliguri Police Commissionerate.

</doc>
<doc id="36644445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644445" title="List of Xbox games on Windows">
List of Xbox games on Windows

This is a list of released and upcoming Xbox games for Windows 8 and Windows RT. The first wave of Windows 8 Xbox games list was announced by Xbox Live expert Major Nelson on August 31, 2012. All Xbox games on Windows 8 made available on the Windows Store and released on October 26, 2012 onwards. There are currently 50 (Upcoming games: 11; Existing games: 39) games on this list.
Notes.
Exclusive to one or more Microsoft platforms

</doc>
<doc id="36644482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644482" title="Andrés Manjón">
Andrés Manjón

Andrés Manjón y Manjón (Sargentes de la Lora, 30 November 1846-1923) was a Spanish priest and educator who founded the Escuelas del Ave-María (Schools of Ave Maria) in Granada.

</doc>
<doc id="36644497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644497" title="Zoobles! Spring to Life!">
Zoobles! Spring to Life!

Zoobles! Spring to Life! is a Pet simulation role-playing game based on the "Zoobles!" toyline by Spin Master. Developed by Japanese game developer Now Production and published by Activision, the game was released on the Nintendo DS in November 1, 2011 in United States and November 6, 2011 in Europe.
Gameplay.
"Zoobles! Spring to Life!" is a simulation role playing game with a few puzzle elements, similar to Harvest Moon. The Player starts by choosing the Region he/she must play first. There are 6 regions to choose, thought the other 5 regions must be unlocked by completing the first region, Petagonia. After choosing the said region, the player must choose one of the three zoobles to take control of and after choosing the said Zooble, the game begins.
Gameplay is depended in both the Nintendo DS's touchscreen or using the directional buttons and both the A and B buttons. However, some of the game's minigames can only be played with the touchscreen or the microphone feature. The game takes control on the Zooble the player chose in the region selection screen and controls its actions using the touch screen or the directional keypads. Also like other pet simulation games, the player must watch over the Zooble's hunger, playfulness and cleanness. For its hunger, the player must feed it with either fruits which can be obtained from trees or vegetables that the player grows in its garden. For its activeness, the Player must make the Zooble participate in some Minigames to increase its activity meter and for its cleanness, the player Zooble must take a bath once a day. The game also has a Day/Night Cycle system, if when the Player's Zooble is tired, it must return to its Happitat and put it to sleep.
Interacting with the Player's Zooble or meeting other Zoobles lets it earn Zoints, which were important on unlocking other Zoobles in the game, a spring and a slide for the player's Zooble to play with. Also, interacting with other Zoobles and playing minigames can earn more Zoints and when the player collected enough Zoints, the player can advance to another region, thought he cannot take the Zooble the player chose to that new region and must chose a new Zooble to advance. Aside from Zoints, the player must also collect certain items such as Acorns, Fireflies or Snowflakes. Depending on each region, these items can unlock furniture for the player to decorate its Happitat. Also, when the player gives a certain fruit or vegetable to the Zooble the player befriends to, the player will receive recipe items necessary for the baking minigame. Another feature in the game is the Wikizoob, where it tracks the Information of the Zooble the player unlocked in the game.
Minigames.
The Minigames in the game includes the spring game where the player must tap the touch screen in the right time to jump higher to collect the balloons and tapping the right symbol to finish. Other minigames includes the jump-rope game, bathtub, hide and seek, baking and lastly, the party dance. If the player clears one of them, I'll be rewarded with more Zoints to further clear the game.
Playable Regions.
Petagonia.
The Starting World in the Game, Petagonia is the grassland region of the Zooble Isle, which acts as a home for all Zooble pets. Petagonia is rich in wildlife, singing birds and brightly colored flowers. It is rumored that the Zoobles of Petagonia are small and also, they have a big knack for adventure.
Music.
The Game's Music is done by SOUND AMS, who also did the music for "New LovePlus". Each of the music were composed by Momo Michishita, Takayuki Saito, Masanori Otsuka and Etsuko Ichikawa.

</doc>
<doc id="36644527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644527" title="Cuplé">
Cuplé

The cuplé was a popular risqué Spanish theatre song style in the late years of the 19th Century. From 1893–1911 the songs were a feature of the "género ínfimo" (lowest type) cabaret theatre sung by solo female singers, or men in drag, and attended mainly by men. But in the second decade of the 20th Century the cuplé, in a more respectable form, became more family-friendly and was associated with the makings of stars of the Spanish theatre such as Aurora Jauffret, "La Goya". 
The term comes from French "couplet", but the poetic form couplet in Spanish is a "pareado" or "dístico". The cuplé prefigured the copla of the 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="36644536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644536" title="Haiti national under-17 football team">
Haiti national under-17 football team

Current players.
This is the final 2013 CONCACAF U17 Championship qualifying squad
Name Date of birth Position
L. Louis 09/12/1996 Goalkeeper
P. Michel 10/31/1996 Goalkeeper
R. Destine 03/25/1996 Defender
M. Guillaume 02/19/1996 Defender
J. Alexis 07/04/1996 Defender
C. Joseph 07/02/1996 Defender
R. Similien 05/17/1996 Defender
J. Valentin 02/01/1996 Defender
W. Saint Fleur 01/25/1996 Defender
S. Federic 06/19/1996 Defender
R. Etienne 09/11/1996 Midfielder
J. Derival 03/13/1996 Midfielder
R. Calixte 10/27/1996 Midfielder
R. Jean-Marie 12/19/1996 Midfielder
T. Philippe 03/23/1996 Midfielder
E. Phede 09/24/1996 Midfielder
J. Desire 02/12/1997 Attacker
A. Carlens 06/28/1996 Attacker
E. Clebert 12/15/1996 Attacker
G. Edouard 02/16/1996 Attacker

</doc>
<doc id="36644558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644558" title="Vitomir Jelić">
Vitomir Jelić

Vitomir Jelić (Serbian Cyrillic: Витомир Јелић; born January 21, 1982) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Serbian White Eagles FC of the Canadian Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="36644566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644566" title="Chirithira">
Chirithira

Chirithira TV is a 24-hour Malayalam comedy channel from the Sun TV Network in India. Chirithira launched on 20 September 2008 but was only available on sun dth. It was dropped after 3 months. After 5 years off-air, the Sun Network planned to relaunch Chirithira with a new logo on 17 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36644574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644574" title="VIII Corps (Grande Armée)">
VIII Corps (Grande Armée)

The VIII Corps of the "Grande Armée" was the name of a French military unit that existed during the Napoleonic Wars. Emperor Napoleon formed it in 1805 by borrowing divisions from other corps and assigned it to Marshal Édouard Adolphe Casimir Joseph Mortier. Marshal André Masséna's Army of Italy was also reorganized as the VIII Corps at the end of the 1805 campaign. The corps was reformed for the 1806 campaign under Mortier and spent the rest of the year mopping up Prussian garrisons in western Germany. 
After Jean-Andoche Junot's Army of Portugal was repatriated after the Convention of Cintra in 1808, it was reconstituted as the VIII Corps. However, Junot's command was broken up before the end of the year. In 1809, the soldiers from the Kingdom of Württemberg were formed into a new VIII Corps under the leadership of Dominique Vandamme. After seeing a few battles, they were used to protect Napoleon's rear areas. By January 1810 a new VIII Corps was created in Spain and placed under Junot. This unit participated in Masséna's invasion of Portugal before being discontinued in 1811. 
A new VIII Corps was formed from Westphalians for the 1812 French invasion of Russia and placed under Junot's command. The corps was effectively destroyed during the retreat. The following year, the corps was rebuilt with Polish units and assigned to Józef Poniatowski. The VIII Corps fought in the fall 1813 campaign and ceased to exist after the Battle of Leipzig.
History.
1805.
The corps was first called into existence during the War of the Third Coalition in 1805. After destroying much of the Austrian Empire's military strength in the Ulm Campaign, Emperor Napoleon ordered his generals to advance toward the Austrian capital of Vienna. The emperor formed a new VIII Corps under Marshal Édouard Adolphe Casimir Joseph Mortier and assigned four divisions to the new organization. Mortier's task was to operate on the north bank of the Danube River and protect the French army's strategic left flank. The divisions were led by Generals of Division Jean-Baptiste Dumonceau, Honoré Théodore Maxime Gazan, Pierre Dupont, and Louis Klein. Dumonceau's division transferred from the II Corps, Gazan's from the V Corps, Dupont's from the VI Corps, and Klein's from the Cavalry Corps. On 11 November 1805, Mortier with the 5,000 men of Gazan's division bumped into a greatly superior force of Russians and Austrians. In the Battle of Dürenstein, Gazan suffered 3,000 casualties but was saved from annihilation when Dupont's division arrived later in the day. Neither Klein nor Dumonceau were engaged in the action. The VIII Corps missed the Battle of Austerlitz.
Even after his decisive triumph at Austerlitz, Emperor Napoleon believed Archduke Charles' large army to be a threat. Therefore, he ordered Marshal André Masséna to reorganize his Army of Italy as VIII Corps. Masséna was to march east with his main body while sending his heavy cavalry to Graz. General of Division Auguste Marmont assembled at Graz with the II Corps while Marshal Michel Ney arrived at Klagenfurt with the VI Corps. The emperor placed Marshal Louis Nicolas Davout's III Corps at Bratislava (Pressburg) and Marshal Nicolas Soult's IV Corps south of Vienna. In this way, Charles' army was totally contained. On 26 December, the Treaty of Pressburg was signed, ending the war.
1806–1807.
In the War of the Fourth Coalition, the VIII Corps was re-established at Mainz under Mortier. Together with troops from the Kingdom of Holland under King Louis Bonaparte, the corps defended against a westward thrust by the Prussian forces in the former Electorate of Hanover. On 17 October 1806, Napoleon ordered Mortier to seize Fulda while Louis was to capture Paderborn and Münster. From these locations they would converge on Kassel whose ruler, William I, Elector of Hesse the emperor wished to depose. On 1 November, Mortier entered Kassel from the south with General of Division Louis Henri Loison's 5,500-man division composed of three French light infantry regiments. Louis arrived from the north with Dutch soldiers a few hours later to complete the bloodless conquest. On 7 November the French and their allies arrived near Hamelin (Hameln). Two days later, Louis pleaded illness and withdrew from the campaign.
Mortier left Dumonceau's Dutch division to carry out the Siege of Hameln. Though Dumonceau's 6,000 soldiers and 12 guns were outnumbered by General Karl Ludwig von Lecoq's 10,000 defenders, the operation was a success. General of Division Anne Jean Marie René Savary showed up on 19 November 1806 with a preliminary armistice in which all Prussian fortresses were to be surrendered. Though the document was not ratified, Savary used it to bully Lecoq into capitulating. Afterward the Dutch Division marched to Nienburg where it accepted the surrender of 2,911 Prussian soldiers on 26 November. 
The VIII Corps was involved in the unsuccessful Siege of Kolberg from 20 March to 2 July 1807. Mortier's 14,000 men and 41 guns included the Fusilier-Chasseurs and Fusilier-Grenadiers of the Imperial Guard under Savary, Loison's French division of six infantry battalions and nine cavalry squadrons, General of Division Charles Louis Dieudonné Grandjean's Dutch contingent with 12 battalions and two hussar regiments, six Italian battalions with supporting cavalry, two Polish battalions, and seven German battalions. The VIII Corps lost 5,000 killed, wounded, or died of illness. The defenders of the 230-gun Kolberg fortress lost 3,000 of the 6,000-man garrison killed, wounded, or died of disease. In June, however, Mortier was called to join the main army. He led 8,465 foot soldiers and 1,200 horsemen in the thick of the action at the Battle of Friedland on 14 June 1807. General of Division Pierre-Louis Dupas led the all-French 1st Division, General of Division Jean Henri Dombrowski commanded the all-Polish 2nd Division, and General of Brigade Maurice Ignace Fresia directed the Dutch and Polish cavalry contingent.
1808–1809.
In late 1807, General of Division Jean-Andoche Junot led a small army in the initially successful Invasion of Portugal. The French troops were isolated there when the Peninsular War broke out first in Spain, then in Portugal. After being defeated by the British at the Battle of Vimeiro, Junot's army was repatriated to France by the Convention of Cintra, signed on 22 August 1808. Upon return, the troops became the VIII Corps under Junot with three divisions. On 10 October, there were 25,730 men on the muster rolls of whom 2,137 were detached and 3,523 were in hospital. The corps had only a brief existence before being dissolved in December 1808. Junot's cavalry units were provisional; these were dispersed to join their regular regiments. General of Division Loison's 2nd Division was entirely broken up and distributed to other corps. General of Division Étienne Heudelet de Bierre's 3rd Division became the 4th Division of Soult's II Corps. General of Division Henri François Delaborde's 1st Division became the 3rd Division of II Corps.
During the War of the Fifth Coalition, General of Division Dominique Vandamme assumed command of the Württemberg Corps. This unit consisted of a 3-brigade infantry division under General-Leutnant Baron von Neubronn, a two-brigade cavalry division led by General-Leutnant Freiherr von Wöllwarth, a 10-gun foot artillery company, and two 6-gun horse artillery companies. Vandamme's troops were involved in the Battle of Abensberg on 20 April 1809. At the Battle of Eckmühl on 22 April the Württembergers lost 15 killed, 98 wounded and two captured. By 17 May, when the Kingdom of Württemberg troops were engaged in the Battle of Linz-Urfahr they were officially called the VIII Corps. The corps missed the Battle of Wagram because it was serving as a garrison for Vienna. On 5 July 1809, the unit counted 10,793 soldiers including 7,560 infantry, 2,130 cavalry, and 34 guns.
1810–1811.
In the 1809 war, a formation known as the Reserve Corps of the Army of Germany was assembled. This later became a new VIII Corps that served in Spain in 1810. The Reserve Corps was under the command of Marshal François Christophe de Kellermann. Its three divisions were led by Generals of Division Olivier Rivaud de la Raffinière, Eloi Laurent Despeaux, and Joseph Lagrange. Rivaud's 1st Division was composed of three brigades under Generals of Brigade Charles 
Malo François Lameth, Eloi Charlemagne Taupin, and Jean-André Valletaux. Each brigade was made up of three 4th Battalions. Despeaux's 2nd Division and Lagrange's 3rd Division were formed from provisional units.
This corps was ordered to march to Spain and its first units reached Burgos around 1 January 1810. On 15 January, the new corps was massed at Burgos under the command of Junot and consisted of three divisions under Generals of Division Bertrand Clausel, Lagrange, and Jean Baptiste Solignac. Clausel's 1st Division numbered 10,777 men in 12 battalions, Lagrange's 2nd Division counted 10,343 soldiers in 13 battalions, and Solignac's 3rd Division had 8,074 troops in 12 battalions. General of Brigade Charles Marie Robert Escorches de Saint-Croix led 5,479 dragoons in 32 squadrons. There were 1,710 gunners, sappers, and wagon drivers, 866 men detached to garrison Burgos, and 88 members of the staff. The grand total was 37,337 soldiers of whom 956 officers and 32,239 men were present under arms. 
The VIII Corps moved into the Province of León in February. Clausel scouted the region and sent a summons of surrender to the city of Astorga on 26 February 1810. This was refused by its governor, General José María Santocildes even though the ancient walls mounted only 14 guns, the heaviest of which were two 12-pound pieces. No siege guns were immediately available, but a large convoy with heavy artillery was plodding slowly across Spain. But Junot was too impatient to wait for it. Anxious to erase the stain of his defeat at Vimeiro, Junot obtained Spanish fortress guns from Burgos and Segovia to form his own siege train. On 15 March he directed his troops to march on Astorga. Clausel's division began the Siege of Astorga on 21 March while Saint-Croix's dragoons covered the siege from La Bañeza and Solignac supported the operation from León and Benavente. Because the guns had not arrived, Clausel's men occupied themselves by digging the first parallel and preparing artillery positions. 
When General Nicolás de Mahy assembled 5,000 troops, Junot ordered Clausel's division to oppose them, while sending Solignac's division and one of Lagrange's brigades into the trenches. Saint-Croix routed a Spanish detachment on 10 April near Alcañizas. On 15 April the small siege train finally arrived and the guns were mounted in batteries. By noon on the 21st a breach was battered in the wall at the northwest corner. The evening, 700 men from the elite companies of the 47th Line Infantry and Irish Regiments seized the breach and a house just inside the wall. Though they were blocked from advancing any farther, Santocildes capitulated the next morning because his men had shot away most of their ammunition. The siege cost the French 160 killed and 400 wounded of whom 112 were killed and 294 were wounded in the assault. The Spanish suffered only 51 killed and 109 wounded, but 2,500 were captured.
Clausel's and Solignac's divisions of Junot's corps joined the II Corps and the VI Corps in Marshal André Masséna's 1810 invasion of Portugal. VIII Corps was not engaged during the Battle of Bussaco. When Masséna's army arrived before the Lines of Torres Vedras, Clausel's men clashed with the defenders in the Battle of Sobral in mid-October. Checked before the Lines, the French army starved and the unsuccessful invasion caused serious losses in VIII Corps. Clausel's division shrank from 6,794 men on 15 September 1810, to 3,610 men on 15 March 1811. By the latter date, the 4th Battalions of the division were so weak that the cadres had to be sent home and the survivors distributed to II Corps units. Solignac's division diminished from 7,226 men on 15 September 1810, to 4,553 men on 15 March 1811. Solignac's division was present at the Battle of Fuentes de Onoro on 3–5 May 1811. It was not engaged and suffered only two men wounded. After Marshal Auguste Marmont replaced Masséna in command, the army's three corps were suppressed and the troops reorganized into independent divisions. The new 5th and 6th Divisions under Generals of Division Antoine Louis Popon de Maucune and Antoine François Brenier de Montmorand were created from units of VIII Corps and of Loison's VI Corps division.
1812–1813.
The corps was reconstituted for the French invasion of Russia and leadership was given to Vandamme. Together with the V Corps (Poles), VII Corps (Saxons), and IV Cavalry Corps, it was assigned to the 2nd Support Army under King Jerome Bonaparte. All the corps troops belonged to Jerome's Kingdom of Westphalia. General of Division Jean Victor Tharreau commanded the 1st Division and General of Division von Ochs led the 2nd Division. On 24 June 1812, the corps consisted of 15,885 infantry in 18 battalions, 2,050 cavalry in 12 squadrons, and 34 artillery pieces. Later, command of the corps passed to Junot. Jerome's inexperience as a general was mitigated by the appointment of General of Division Jean Gabriel Marchand as his chief of staff. Nevertheless, after being harshly criticized in a letter by his imperial brother, Jerome resigned his command on 14 July and went home.
At the Battle of Valutino on 18 August 1812, the VIII Corps was ordered to cross the Dnieper River and block the retreat of the Russian army toward Moscow. After taking a long time to cross the river, Junot failed to advance any farther, allowing the Russians to escape. At the Battle of Borodino on 7 September, the corps started out in reserve along with the Imperial Guard and the reserve cavalry. By 8:30 AM, Junot's men were sent into action. At 10:00 AM they joined the I Corps and III Corps in a massed attack on the "flèches" which was successful. Tharreau was among Borodino's many fatalities. That autumn, the Imperial armies withdrew from Moscow. By the time they reached Smolensk, the combined V and VIII Corps counted no more than 1,500 men. 
In the following year, Prince Józef Poniatowski was appointed to command the VIII Corps, which was rebuilt as an all-Polish unit. At the Battle of Leipzig on 16–19 October 1813 the corps consisted of the 26th Infantry Division under General of Division Kaminiecki, the 27th Infantry Division led by General of Division Jean Henri Dombrowski (Jan Henryk Dąbrowski), the 27th Light Cavalry Brigade of Brigadier General Jan Nepomucen Umiński, and the 44 guns of the corps artillery under Colonel Redel. Marshal Joachim Murat assumed command of a wing that included the II, V, and VIII Corps plus cavalry. His orders were to delay the advance of the Army of Bohemia from the south. On 16 October, the 26th Division fought near the villages of Markkleeberg and Dölitz in the southern part of the battlefield. Meanwhile, Dombrowski's division became involved in the fighting to the north. During the rear guard fighting on the 19th, a panicky sapper prematurely blew up the bridge over the Weisse Elster River, trapping the VII, VIII, and XI Corps in Leipzig. The wounded Poniatowski drowned trying to escape and the encircled troops surrendered.
Orders of Battle.
Dürenstein: November 1805.
Marshal Édouard Adolphe Casimir Joseph Mortier
"Source: "
Hameln: November 1806.
Marshal Édouard Adolphe Casimir Joseph Mortier
"Source: "
Spain: October 1808.
General of Division Jean-Andoche Junot (20,070)
"Source: 
Abensberg: April 1809.
General of Division Dominique Vandamme
"Source: "
Portugal: September 1810.
General of Division Jean-Andoche Junot (16,939)
"Source: "
Borodino: September 1812.
General of Division Jean-Andoche Junot (8,900, 30 guns)
"Source: "
Leipzig: October 1813.
Marshal Józef Poniatowski
"Source: "<br>
"Source: "

</doc>
<doc id="36644602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644602" title="Reina Internacional del Café country rankings">
Reina Internacional del Café country rankings

The following is similar to an Olympic medal table. Itincludes every country and territory that has placed in the Reina Internacional del Café pageant, based on results from the first edition in 1957 to the most recent competition in 2013.
Bahamas, Belize, Cuba, Curacao, England, France, Haiti, Hawaii, and Turkey have all entered the Reina Internacional del Café pageant at least once, but never placed.
Source :

</doc>
<doc id="36644606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644606" title="SIMCE">
SIMCE

The Sistema de Medición de la Calidad de la Educación (Education Quality Measurement System; the SIMCE) is the Chilean evaluation system, which the Ministry of Education uses to evaluate all students in fourth, eighth, tenth and eleventh grades.

</doc>
<doc id="36644612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644612" title="Bunk Not Dead">
Bunk Not Dead

Bunk Not Dead is the second album released by Bunkface, a Malaysian punk rock band. It was produced by their own 'Bunkface Productions'. The album was released on 17 July 2012 in Malaysia. "Bunk Not Dead" consists of 9 English songs and 4 Malay songs, including their hit singles "Panik", "Jatuh" and "More".
This album took two years to complete due to hectic touring schedules. The first single, "Panik", was recorded entirely in Jakarta and Indonesia with an estimated cost of RM16,000. For the remaining songs, they were recorded in Iseek Music Studio, located in Kota Damansara. Mixing of the album was done by 'Mas Henk' of Palu Studio from Jakarta, Indonesia, while the Mastering process was handled by Tom Waltz of 'Tom Waltz Mastering' from USA.
In Bunk Not Dead, Bunkface showed musical maturity, with deeper lyrics and heavier music than their previous works . This album presents a sense and expression of anger from Bunkface to the world around them, especially their nation's music industry, which has been discriminating the local punk rock music scene.
Bunkface have made a joint venture with Hunter Interactive Worldwide. Bhd. which made the album the first to use the Augmented Reality technology. AR album is an album that contains hidden code behind images allows the graphics in the album is moving when viewed through the an Android phone or an iPhone. But it is only available in limited edition copies
While still working with Indigital Music Sdn Bhd (digital), Bunkface also used the services of Warner Music Malaysia to help in the distribution of the album throughout Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="36644630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644630" title="Erickavu N. Sunil">
Erickavu N. Sunil

Erickavu N. Sunil (Malayalam: എരിക്കാവ് എന്‍ സുനില്‍) is an Indian Mridangam player.
Early life and background.
Erickavu N. Sunil was born (on 15 March 1977) to K. Narayana Panicker and V. Saraswathi Amma in Haripad, Kerala, India. He started learning the mridangam at the age of four. His initial Gurus were Late Krishnappa Bhagavathar and M S Raju. He had his advanced studies in mridangam from the Maestro Late Professor Mavelikkara Velukkutty Nair from 1992 till 2000.
Academic studies.
He completed schooling from St. Thomas High School, Karthikappally (near Haripad) in 1992. He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Physics from Mar Ivanios College, Trivandrum in 1997. He also received a Master of Computer Applications(MCA) degree from College of Engineering, Trivandrum in 2002.
Musical career.
Sunil teaches Mridangam online through Skype, and has students in Germany and US. As a performer, he has accompanied musicians including Padmabhushan T. V. Sankaranarayanan, Padmasri Neyyattinkara Vasudevan, Prof. Parassala Ponnammal, Madhurai G S Mony, Prof: Mavelikkara Prabhakara Varma, Prof. Mavelikkara Velukkutty Nair, Sankaran Namboothiri, M. Jayachandran, Avaneeswaram S R Vinu, Sriram Gangadharan, Thiruvinkad Jayaraman, Balabhaskar, etc. for their concerts. Sunil had scripted and directed “Nadasanjeevani” – a unique program on Music Therapy, which was telecasted in Asianet Cable Vision (ACV) as 9 episodes in 2006.
Personal life.
Sunil is working as a Senior IT Professional in a leading IT firm in Technopark, Trivandrum. His wife Indu Sunil is also a Senior IT Professional in a leading IT firm in Technopark, Trivandrum. She is an expert in Aksharaslokam. The couple has two sons, Bhagath Sunand and Bharath Sunand.

</doc>
<doc id="36644631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644631" title="Nicholas Tsoucalas">
Nicholas Tsoucalas

Nicholas Tsoucalas (born 1926) is a Senior Judge for the United States Court of International Trade.
Biography.
Tsoucalas was born in 1926 in New York City. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in 1949 from Kent State University. He received a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1951 from New York Law School. He served in the United States Navy from 1944 to 1946 and again from 1951 to 1952. He worked in private practice in New York City from 1953 to 1955. He was an Assistant United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York from 1955 to 1959. He worked in private practice in New York City again from 1959 to 1968. He served as a supervisor for the 1960 Census. He served as a Judge of the New York City Criminal Court from 1968 to 1975 and again from 1982 to 1986. He served as an acting Supreme Court Justice in Kings County and Queens County from 1975 to 1982.
Federal Judicial Service.
On September 11, 1985, President Reagan nominated Tsoucalas to be a Judge of the United States Court of International Trade, to the seat vacated by Nils A. Boe. He was confirmed by the Senate on June 6, 1986 and received his commission on June 9, 1986. He took senior status on September 30, 1996, and was succeeded by Judge Delissa A. Ridgway.

</doc>
<doc id="36644643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644643" title="Diane Borg">
Diane Borg

Diane Borg (born September 12, 1990 in Pietà, Malta) is a Maltese sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 12.00 seconds, qualifying her for Round 1, and Round 1 in 11.92 seconds, which did not qualify her for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36644646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644646" title="August 2012 Sinai attack">
August 2012 Sinai attack

The August 2012 Sinai attack occurred on 5 August 2012, when armed men ambushed an Egyptian military base in the Sinai Peninsula, killing 16 soldiers and stealing two armored cars, which they used to infiltrate into Israel. The attackers broke through the Kerem Shalom border crossing to Israel, where one of the vehicles exploded. They then engaged in a firefight with soldiers of the Israel Defense Forces, during which six of the attackers were killed. No Israelis were injured.
The attack led to sharp condemnations from Israeli and Egyptian authorities. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expressed his condolences for the Egyptian soldiers killed, and praised IDF troops for their preparedness and handling of the attack. Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak warned that the incident should be a "wake up call" for Egypt in dealing with terrorists in the Sinai Peninsula, while Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi vowed to retake the Sinai Peninsula and declared three days of mourning. The Egyptian government also closed the Rafah Border Crossing to the Gaza Strip.
Background.
Post-Egyptian revolution.
Following the Egyptian Revolution of 2011, militant organizations increased their activity in the Sinai Peninsula, and some al-Qaeda-linked groups were established as well. These militants have been frequently attacking and bombing gas pipelines in the Sinai running between Egypt and Israel. , there have been 15 bombings on these gas pipelines since the 2011 uprising.
In August 2011, a series of cross-border attacks were carried out in southern Israel on Highway 12 near the Egyptian border via the Sinai Peninsula. The terrorists opened fire on an Egged No. 392 bus near Eilat, and soon thereafter, a bomb was detonated next to an Israeli army patrol along the Egypt–Israel border. A third attack occurred when an anti-tank missile hit a private vehicle, killing four civilians. Eight Israelis – six civilians, one Yamam Special Unit police officer, and one Golani Brigade soldier – were killed during the multi-pronged attack. The Israeli security forces reported eight attackers killed, and Egyptian security forces reported killing another two.
In July 2012, IDF intelligence chief Aviv Kochavi told the Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee that the IDF has stopped approximately a dozen attacks against Israel from the Sinai Peninsula.
On 31 July 2012, the United States Department of State's Office of the Coordinator for Counterterrorism warned in a report, "The smuggling of humans, weapons, cash, and other contraband through the Sinai into Israel and Gaza created criminal networks with possible ties to terrorist groups in the region. The smuggling of weapons from Libya through Egypt has increased since the overthrow of the Qaddafi regime." "Haaretz" reported that forces from al-Qaeda, supported by the local Bedouin, have been stationed in the Sinai. It also reported that several other terrorist groups in Gaza have been assisting these forces, and were also smuggling weapons and goods into Gaza.
August 2012.
In early August 2012, Israel's National Security Council's counter-terrorism bureau renewed its travel advisory against visiting the Sinai Peninsula, due to information on potential terrorist attacks against tourists, including kidnappings. The warning may have been due to Hamas' release of Abu Walid Al-Maqdisi, a Salafi leader of an al-Qaeda-affiliated terrorist group, responsible for three bombings in Dahab in 2006, and which is believed to have close ties with terror cells operating in the Sinai Peninsula. The following day, the United States also issued a travel warning to Americans to "take precautions in travel to the Sinai" and warned that "overland travel from Israel to the Sinai in particular is strongly discouraged."
Over the weekend prior to the attack on the border, various intelligence reports reaching the IDF's Southern Command warned of an impending attack. Specific information regarding the time, target, and location of the attack could not be ascertained. Still, Southern Command Maj.-Gen. Tal Russo prepared his troops in case of an attack. Armored, Engineering, and Infantry soldiers were placed on high alert while the Israeli Air Force was deployed in the area as reinforcement. Russo evacuated troops from the Kerem Shalom border crossing, where the militants would later break through, in anticipation of them coming under attack.
Egyptian intelligence chief Morad Mowafi said that Egypt had also received comprehensive intelligence warnings before the attack took place. However, the Egyptian authorities never imagined that this type of attack would happen, in which "a Muslim would kill a Muslim on the hour of breaking the fast in Ramadan."
Attack.
The attackers approached an Egyptian military base in the Sinai Peninsula in three Land Rovers at sundown, during the iftar meal, which breaks the day's fast during the Muslim month of Ramadan, and succeeded in taking control of the base while the soldiers were sitting down in the dining hall for the iftar meal. The attackers were dressed as Bedouins and attacked with guns and rocket-propelled grenades. Thirty-five attackers took part in this attack on the Egyptian base.
After firing on the police, the gunmen commandeered two Fahd wheeled armored personnel carriers and attempted to break through the Kerem Shalom checkpoint into Israel. A few minutes before the gunmen infiltrated across the border, IDF troops received an alert regarding a possible breach of the Egyptian–Israeli border. This followed intelligence informing the IDF that an Egyptian border patrol post had recently been surrounded. One of the APCs was driven into the checkpoint, where it exploded, apparently booby-trapped. The other vehicle crossed into Israel and drove for approximately 100 meters on the highway before encountering troops from the IDF Bedouin Reconnaissance Battalion, which opened fire on the vehicle but failed to stop its advance. The IDF then sent three tanks onto the highway, but the vehicle accelerated away.
After driving about 2 km into Israel, and heading towards Kibbutz Kerem Shalom at a speed of 70 kilometers per hour (43.5 miles per hour), the APC was destroyed by the Israeli Air Force with a missile. This bombing was unprecedented, as it took place inside Israeli territory. Some of the gunmen managed to escape the wreckage and were then killed by Israeli troops after a short exchange of fire. Israeli soldiers had been previously warned of an impending attack and had recently increased patrols to the area. Arab Bedouin troops of the Israel Defense Forces were instrumental in reconnaissance and thwarting the attack.
The remaining attackers tried to escape to the Gaza Strip, but were prevented from doing so by Egyptian army forces.
Sixteen Egyptian police officers were killed in the raid, as well as an unspecified number of the attackers. Seven more police officers were wounded. The Israeli Army later reported it had found the bodies of five gunmen from the raid, while Egyptian authorities reported that they had the bodies of at least three gunmen. Following the attack, Israel transferred the bodies on its side of the border to the Egyptian authorities.
Reactions.
No group claimed responsibility for the attack. Israeli and Egyptian authorities believe that the perpetrators belonged to a global jihad network, and were assisted by Bedouin tribes in the Sinai in return for money.
"The New York Times" and BBC described the attack as a sign that armed groups were continuing to grow in power in the Sinai region, which was "slipping from 's control". "Haaretz" stated that the incident showed that Islamists had begun to target Egyptians along with Israelis.
Egypt.
Following the attack, state television reported that foreign Islamist militants were responsible for perpetrating the attack. In addition, the Egyptian government indefinitely closed the Rafah border crossing to the Gaza Strip.
President Mohamed Morsi labelled the attack as "vicious," and said that the perpetrators, along with those cooperating with the perpetrators, would "pay a high price," regardless of whether they're inside or outside Egyptian territory. Morsi ordered security forces to take complete control over the Sinai, and declared three days of mourning to honor the 16 Egyptian soldiers who were killed.
The army said that "elements" in the Gaza Strip helped the perpetrators by firing mortars during the attack. The daily "al-Youm al-Saba'a" quoted a senior Egyptian security official, who said that Islamic Jihad militants from Gaza and global jihad (Jihad al-Alami) fighters from Egypt perpetrated the attack. CNN cited an anonymous 'Egyptian general' who said the Hamas breakaway group 'Al-Galgala Army' is behind the border attack . The MENA news agency said that the attackers were jihadists who had "infiltrated from Gaza through tunnels," and had collaborated with "jihadist elements."
The Muslim Brotherhood released a statement calling on the government to "confront this serious challenge to the Egyptian sovereignty" as well as to "protect Sinai from all armed groups." The party also claimed on its website that the attack "can be attributed to the Mossad", Israel's intelligence service, in an effort to destabilize the government, which the Israeli foreign ministry denied as "nonsense."
On 6 August, the military deployed at least two helicopter gunships to the Sinai in search of members of the group that perpetrated the attack. The army also arrested several suspects in the Sinai, and confiscated vehicles which did not contain license plates.
On 7 August, at a funeral for the soldiers who were killed, Prime Minister Hesham Qandil was assaulted and attacked by angry mourners, who also vandalized his car. In addition, Kandil was pelted with shoes, while some angry mourners chanted, "The Brotherhood and Hamas are one dirty hand."
Minister of Tourism Hisham Zazou denied that the attack caused a decrease in tourism, and said that tourism agencies had not cancelled reservations and that Zazou was personally calling them to ensure this was true. Zazou stressed that tourists should feel secure in Egypt.
On 8 August, Egyptian officials told "Al-Hayat" that they believe that members of the Gaza-based Army of Islam, or "Jaysh al-Islam," designated as a terrorist group by the United States, participated in the attack.
On the same day, President Morsi fired intelligence chief Murad Mowafi and temporarily replaced him with Mohammed Raafat Shehata. Morsi also fired the governor of Northern Sinai and the presidential guard's commander, and named new chiefs for Cairo's security forces and the police's large central security. In addition, Morsi asked Defense Minister Mohamed Hussein Tantawi to replace the military police's commander.
On 9 August, a Palestinian daily reported that Egypt’s General Intelligence demanded the extradition of three senior members of Hamas’s armed wing, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, for their involvement in the attack. One security source said that it is believed that they have delivered "indirect logistical support" to a radical group located in the Sinai, which perpetrated the attack. Palestinian Authority security forces said that the three men are Raed Attar, Ayman Nofal, and Muhammad Abu-Shamalah. Attar is the commander of the brigades in Gaza, and was involved in the abduction of Gilad Shalit in 2006. Although Hamas was willing to deliver the senior Hamas members to Egypt, the men refused, saying that they were scared of being tortured by the Egyptian authorities, but they agreed to allow Egyptian intelligence authorities question them in Gaza.
That same day, an initial forensic report on the bodies of the gunmen suggested that the perpetrators were wearing military uniforms created in the Palestinian city of Nablus. The forensic report says that all the perpetrators were men in their thirties with "Arab features."
On 19 August, a North Sinai security official said that ten Yemeni militants infiltrated the country two months prior to the attack and trained local jihadi cells in the Sinai. He stated that Egypt had received intelligence that these militants were communicating with jihadist groups in Al Mukataa, south of Sheikh Zuwayed. Bedouin leader Ibrahim Al Menei said that the Yemeni militants were smuggled in from Sudan with African migrants, and that word spread among the community. Another Bedouin leader, Salem Aneizan, also said that he heard the Yemeni militants were training jihadists in North Sinai.
Operations.
A few days after the attack, forces from the army and the police engaged in an operation against armed men who have been targeting security personnel in North Sinai. A number of clashes between armed men and security forces in the Sinai have erupted since then, and Egyptian security officials have conducted raids on militant hideouts as well.
Israel.
Following the attack, Israeli residents of the Eshkol Region were instructed to stay in their homes as soldiers searched the area for remaining attackers.
Officials said that the attack may have been intended to abduct an IDF soldier, or to infiltrate a nearby community to attack civilians. Defense Minister Ehud Barak said that the attack showed the need for "determined Egyptian action" against terrorism in Sinai, while Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expressed regret over the deaths of the Egyptian soldiers and hope that that incident would be a "wake-up call" to Egyptian forces.
IDF Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Gantz said, "Even before investigations of the attack are complete, I estimate we prevented a large-scale disaster, an extremely complex attack by terrorists operating between Sinai and the Gaza Strip. This was an extremely successful joint operation of the IAF and Armored Corps." He also expressed his "appreciation for the alertness of the forces, specifically the alertness of the intelligence, and the determination of the soldiers operating in the field."
Two days after the attack, Israel said that it was willing to consider any Egyptian request to deploy additional military troops in the Sinai Peninsula, in order to retake control of the Sinai and eliminate any global jihad militant infrastructure. Furthermore, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Intelligence Dan Meridor said that Israel would not object to Egypt bringing heavier military forces into the Sinai Peninsula in order to combat terror groups.
Under a peace treaty between Egypt and Israel, the peninsula is supposed to remain demilitarized, but Israel permitted the Egyptians to deploy about seven battalions in the peninsula to enforce control. Israel hopes that in this way, Egypt will be more able to eliminate terrorists that pose a threat to Egypt and Israel.
Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said that Israel and Egypt would increase security cooperation following the attack, and said that they already saw improvements on the ground. Ayalon said that it is in Egypt's interest as well to gain control of the Sinai Peninsula.
Palestinians.
Hamas condemned the attack as an "ugly crime" and offered condolences to Egypt. However, a Hamas official also condemned Egypt's decision to shut the Rafah crossing, describing it as "collective punishment". Palestinian security officials stated concern that the attack could worsen relations between Egypt and the Gaza Strip government, and said that for this reason Israeli forces might have been behind the assault. They also expressed worry that Egypt might retaliate with the large military force deployed to the region. A Hamas official claimed that the attack "only serves the interests of the Zionist enemy."
On 9 August, Gazan philanthropist Abdul Dayem Abu-Midin promised to give $10,000 to each individual family related to the Egyptian soldiers who were killed during the attack, telling a Hamas-affiliated center that he is doing this out of "the love of a Palestinian citizen to a sister-nation."
On 9 August, Hamas rebuked Egypt for maintaining its closure of the Egyptian–Gazan border. Interior Minister Fathi Hammad compared the situation to that of Mubarak's era, during which Mubarak enforced a blockade on Gaza. Since the time of its closure after the 5 August attacks, Egypt has only opened the borders briefly and temporarily.
On 11 August, the Palestinian Authority requested that Egypt destroy all of the smuggling tunnels located under the Egypt-Gaza border, which would enforce a stricter Egyptian blockade on Gaza. This request was the first time that the Palestinian Authority publicly demanded the destruction of these tunnels, saying that the tunnels do not contribute to the Gazan economy and were only used by a few people for personal gain.
PA officials also insisted that some of the gunmen in the border attack had come from the Gaza Strip. They provided the names of several suspects from Gaza to the Egyptian authorities. One official said, "We have good reason to believe that terrorist groups from the Gaza Strip were involved in the attack. These groups operate under the watchful eye of the Hamas government and sometimes even receive support from it."
United Nations.
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon strongly condemned the attack as an act of terrorism, noting that it killed 16 Egyptian soldiers and put Israeli citizens at risk, and conveyed his condolences to the families of the victims. He added, "Such attacks are totally unacceptable. The Secretary-General hopes that the perpetrators will be swiftly identified and brought to justice." Mr. Ki-moon also hoped for a swift recovery for those injured in the attack.

</doc>
<doc id="36644650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644650" title="Caroline Decker">
Caroline Decker

Caroline Decker Gladstein (1912–1992) was a labor activist in the 1930s in California, and an active organizer for the Cannery and Agricultural Workers’ International Union (CAWIU).
Background.
Caroline Decker Gladstein was born "Caroline Decker" on April 26, 1912 in Macon, Georgia. Her parents were Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe. Influenced by her brother who was a student at Columbia University in New York and her sister who was a national officer of the left-wing Workers International Relief Organization, she became involved with radical politics and trade union organizing in her early teens. She moved with her family to Syracuse, N.Y. at age 12 and there she met many of the leaders of left-wing organizations who frequented the family home. She joined the Young Communist League USA, helped organize cigar workers and shoe workers in Binghamton, N.Y. and became a speaker at such events as International Women's Day.
Union activism.
Decker's first foray in union activism took place during the Harlan County War, the violent confrontation between miners and mine owners in Harlan County, Kentucky in 1931–1932. She and her sister worked out of Knoxville, Tennessee, helping with strike relief and organization.
After the strike ended, she went west to California as part of the Free Tom Mooney delegation, stopping in Carmel at the home of Lincoln Steffans, where Langston Hughes and Ellen Winter celebrated the victory by writing a pageant. They intended it to be “…a tribute to Caroline Decker” but it was unsuccessful, a “…long, artificial propaganda vehicle too complicated and too cumbersome to be performed. 
California Agricultural Strike 1933.
California, in 1933, was in the midst of bitter labor struggles from the Central Valleys south to Imperial County, California; it was one of the most militant years in agricultural worker activism. Declining agricultural wages put pressure on workers, and the Cannery and Agricultural Worker’s International Union (CAWIU) organizers found fertile ground among discontented and struggling farm workers. Several of the CAWIU leaders, including Decker, were members of the Communist Party, and she became the union secretary. A series of strikes in 1933 against growers of cherries, pears, peaches, and sugar beets had mixed success, but by August “trikes led or influenced by the union resulted in wage increases of as much as 100 percent for thousands of agricultural workers. Wages for agricultural workers prior to the August strikes had ranged from 15 to 17-1/2 cents an hour, but by the end of the month “…was firmly fixed at 25 cents” throughout most of the state.
Decker moved further up the ranks of the CAWI during the strike against grape growers in the Fresno area. Decker led a rally in Fresno on September 11 where “…four thousand thronged the speaker’s platform to hear this petite blonde, barely twenty-one”. One CAWIU organizer, Patrick Chaffee, remembers her “…fiery eloquence”, and within a month, “Comrade Decker had led six thousand off the job, the largest single agricultural strike to that point in the history of California”. Grape pickers sought a wage of 25 cents an hour, but growers held firm at 20 cents. Local authorities arrested much of the leadership of the CAWIU, and forcibly broke up picket lines. The editor of the Fresno Bee believed the CAWIU was plotting the overthrow of the U. S. government and encouraged the actions of authorities.
In October 1933, Decker became involved with the San Joaquin cotton strike. Cotton was the “second most lucrative crop in California”. In 1921 there were 1,500 acres in production; by 1937 there “was close to 600,00 acres”. The Great Depression had sharply reduced the prices cotton growers got for their product, and they passed those declines on to workers in the form of lower wages, with wages declining nearly 75 percent in three years. By the time of the strike, growers had sold 75 per cent of the crop to Japan at 7 cents a pound in advance of the harvest, and had “no room whatsoever to pass on added labor costs."Field workers demanded one dollar per hundred pounds; growers offered sixty cents, at which rate “even a strong, steadily working man could make no more than $1.20 a day. An entire family working all day would average $2. ”.
The strike began on October 4, with twelve thousand workers walking off the job and a strike front extending for five hundred miles. Growers evicted families of strikers from company owned housing, and in Pixley, Californiaa violent clash between strikers and growers left “two Mexican strikers … dead eight others…wounded. An estimated 5,000 people gathered for the funeral mass for the two murdered strikers – Delfino Davila and Dolores Hernandez – and Governor James Rolph appointed a fact-finding committee to look into the violence. ”
Decker led strikers to the courthouse in Visalia where, on October 19, 1933, the committee began its hearings. She questioned strikers on the stand, where she brought out the details of their lives: “a work day extending from daylight to dark, their fingers bleeding from the prickly cotton bolls, the children working alongside their parents until they collapsed on the ground in exhausted sleep” ”. After hearing testimony from another woman who said her children “had not worn shoes since 1930” the growers’ counsel charged that Decker had coached witness testimony. She “immediately offered to let him personally select all further strikers’ witnesses” but he declined the offer. Despite the drama of the testimony, the action of the government through NRA regional director George Creel ultimately ended the strike. Creel brought in relief supplies for striking workers, and got the Federal Intermediate Credit bank to help finance the cotton growers so they could give a wage of 75 cents an hour. Creel’s goals were to persuade growers and strikers to accept that rate, and to deny National Labor Board recognition to the CAWIU because of its Communist leadership. Eventually the Central Strike Committee agreed to the terms and workers returned to work without an officially recognized union.
Arrest and trial.
In June 1934 Decker traveled to Contra Costa county to organize apricot pickers, working alongside members of the AFL-affiliated Cannery Workers Union. Growers objected to Decker’s presence because of her Communist membership, and she was maneuvered off the team. Meanwhile, a group representing growers and funded by railroads, utilities, banks, and others who hoped to defeat agricultural unionism was formed: the Associated Farmers of California. They hired private investigators and even infiltrated the Communist Party in order to learn more about the CAWIU leadership. 
On July 20 the police, acting on information from the Associated Farmers, rounded up seventeen of the union’s leaders, including Decker, and charged them with “criminal syndicalism, a felony”. When the trial finally went to the jury, after a six-hour defense summary by Decker, it had become the longest trial in California history, at four and a half months. Decker was found guilty on two of six counts and sentenced to a term of imprisonment at Tehachapi, served for three years, and was released in 1937. Third District Court of Appeals eventually overturned the verdict and voided the convictions.
In June 1934 Decker was in Contra Costa county organizing apricot pickers, working with organizers from the AFL-affiliated Cannery Workers Union. Growers objected to Decker’s presence because of her Communist membership, and she was maneuvered off the team. Meanwhile, a group representing growers and funded by railroads, utilities, banks, and others who hoped to defeat agricultural unionism was formed: the Associated Farmers of California. They hired private investigators and even infiltrated the Communist Party in order to learn more about the CAWIU leadership. On July 20 the police rounded up seventeen of the union’s leaders, including Decker. Decker was found guilty on two of six counts and sentenced to a term of imprisonment at Tehachapi, and was released in 1937.
Later years.
The Communist Party, meanwhile, decided to concentrate on anti-Fascism, and the CAWIU was effectively dissolved as an independent union. The events in Europe and around the world as World War II loomed took precedence over labor organizing. Decker divorced her first husband, Jack Warnick, shortly after her release from prison, where she served time for violating California’s Criminal Syndicalism laws and married an attorney named Richard Gladstein. They had four children. Decker Gladstein died in Marin California on May 17, 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36644656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644656" title="Fong Yee Pui">
Fong Yee Pui

Fong Yee Pui (; born December 24, 1991 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Konger sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 12.02 seconds, qualifying her for Round 1, and Round 1 in 11.98 seconds, which did not qualify her for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36644673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644673" title="The Javelins">
The Javelins

The Javelins, sometimes also known as Ian Gillan & the Javelins, was a 1960s band fronted by Ian Gillan of Deep Purple. The band played live but never recorded in their initial spell together. The other members included rhythm guitarist Tony Tacon, bass player Tony Whitfield,drummer Keith Roach and lead guitarist Gordon Fairminer. All from Hayes/Heston area of West London.
The Javelins' only album came when the band reunited in 1994, to record an LP of rock and roll covers. The result was the album "Sole Agency and Representation". It was released in September 1994 by RPM Records.
The album was re-issued in 2000 by Purple Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36644700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644700" title="William F. Miller">
William F. Miller

William F. Miller (born November 19, 1925) is a professor public and private management emeritus and a professor of computer science emeritus. He was a vice president and provost of Stanford University from 1971 to 1979, and president and CEO of SRI International from 1979 to 1990.
Early life and education.
Miller was born in Vincennes, Indiana. He attended Purdue University, where he earned a B.S. in 1949, an M.S. in experimental physics in 1951, and a Ph.D. in theoretical physics in 1956.
Career.
Miller was a director of the Applied Mathematics Division at Argonne National Laboratory, where he worked on problems in computational science.
Miller was recruited to the faculty of Stanford University in 1964 by Frederick Terman, who was Stanford's vice president and provost at the time. From 1971 to 1979, Miller was the vice president and provost of Stanford University. 
From 1979 to 1990, Miller was the president and CEO of SRI International, where he focused on expanding the organization's business in the Pacific Rim and acquired the Sarnoff Corporation as a subsidiary of SRI.
Miller has been a member of numerous boards of directors, including but not limited to Wells Fargo, Borland International, McKenna Group, Palyn-Gould Group, Who Where?, Quest Gen and the BHP International Advisory Council. He is a co-founder of the Mayfield Fund, an early venture capital organization.
Awards and honors.
Miller was given an honorary Doctor of Science degree from his alma mater, Purdue University, in 1972. In 1989, Tau Beta Pi recognized him as an Eminent Engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="36644701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644701" title="Saruba Colley">
Saruba Colley

Saruba Colley (born February 5, 1989 in Sibanor) is a Gambian sprinter. She competed in the 100 metres competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics; she ran the preliminaries in 12.21 seconds, qualifying her for Round 1, and Round 1 in 12.06 seconds, which set a Gambian national record but did not qualify her for the semifinals.

</doc>
<doc id="36644744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644744" title="Ivan Stanković">
Ivan Stanković

Ivan Stanković may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36644754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644754" title="Sermkhun Kunawong">
Sermkhun Kunawong

Sermkhun Kunawong or "Mr.Jok" is a Thai event tycoon and the founder of CMO PLC. , the ASEAN’s leading creative event management organization. As a CEO of the company, he is a key person behind numerous renowned national and international events. He is also commonly known as the establisher of Bangkok Sculpture Center and a contemporary photographer, who has successfully hosted 3 photo exhibitions in Thailand in recent times.
Biography.
"“Sermkhun Kunawong”" was born on July 5, 1960 in Nakornsawan, Thailand. He attended Bodindecha (Sing Singhaseni) School and obtained a bachelor degree from the faculty of Communication Arts, Chulalongkorn University, in Bangkok.
In his career life, Sermkhun started his profession as a freelance photographer, who was specialized in both still and motion pictures. In 1986, he established the first company under his supervision called “The Eyes”, which is the Thailand’s leading multimedia and multivision production house. Aiming to expand business diversity in 1990, he founded PM Center and positioned it as the biggest light & sound rental service provider in ASEAN.
Later in 1991, he pioneered the event management industry and established CM Organizer (or CMO Group) as an outstanding leader creative event management business in ASEAN. The company was listed in the stock market with registered capital of $US 3.75 million in 2004, making it the first event company to be registered in the Market of Alternative Investment in Thailand. In 2011, it went over a mega rebranding campaign and was renamed into CMO Public Company Limited.
Beside his dominant role as a businessperson, Sermkhun also takes an additional role as an influence in Thai art industry. His passion for Thai modern art led to the establishment of the Bangkok Sculpture Center, which is the largest sculpture exhibition center in Thailand. Located on Soi Naunchan (covering an area of 4 rai), the center welcomes all interested visitors free of charge. His outstanding talent in photography has also led to the launch of 3 private contemporary photo exhibitions, which reputed him a famous contemporary photographer in Thailand.

</doc>
<doc id="36644763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644763" title="Tagiades menaka">
Tagiades menaka

Tagiades menaka, commonly known as the Spotted Snow Flat or the Dark-Edged Snow Flat, is a species of spread-winged skipper butterflies. It contains three subspecies.
"T. m. vajuna" from Kanara, India has been transferred to the species "Tagiades litigiosa". "T. m." var. "formosana" and "T. m." var. "cohaerens" of southern China and Taiwan, has been reclassified as "Tagiades cohaerens".

</doc>
<doc id="36644791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644791" title="List of dams and reservoirs in Iowa">
List of dams and reservoirs in Iowa

Following is a list of dams and reservoirs in Iowa. 
All major dams are linked below. The National Inventory of Dams defines any "major dam" as being tall with a storage capacity of at least , or of any height with a storage capacity of .

</doc>
<doc id="36644841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644841" title="Eric Peronnard">
Eric Peronnard

Eric Peronnard is an American creator and promoter of Us Open, Minimoto, and Endurocross. In 2011 the Endurocross was introduced to the X Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36644842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644842" title="Matador Cooperative Farm">
Matador Cooperative Farm

The Matador Cooperative Farm, later known as the Matador Farming Pool, was an agricultural cooperative started on 10,000 acres of land near the town of Kyle, Saskatchewan in Canada. The land was donated by the provincial government and the cooperative was formed in 1946. The first members were a group of seventeen returning World War II veterans. Membership in the cooperative gradually declined, and the farm was sold to the Saskatchewan Land Bank Commission in 1975. Ten members leased some of the land and assets back, including the Kyle Seed Cleaning Plant and the Swift Current plant, which cleaned lentils, chick peas, and peas. The group also continued to raise wheat and cattle. In 2011, the cooperative disbanded and its assets were sold.

</doc>
<doc id="36644880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644880" title="Ian Gillan (disambiguation)">
Ian Gillan (disambiguation)

Ian Gillan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36644902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644902" title="Austin Sheridan">
Austin Sheridan

Austin Robert Lee Sheridan (born 9 January 1993) is a Scottish National Party politician and a Councillor on Glasgow City Council for Baillieston (Ward 20) located in the East End of Glasgow. 
Austin Sheridan was born and raised in Glasgow and educated at Govan High Autism Unit. Sheridan has a form of Autism called Asperger's Syndrome. He has said in many interviews to newspapers that he sees his condition as a gift and wishes to raise more awareness of Autism amongst people. 
Sheridan left school at the age of 16 and attended college where he studied social sciences. He then went on to work in a call centre before being elected to Glasgow City Council at the age of 19. Sheridan is currently the youngest councillor in Scotland. 
Before being elected as a councillor, Sheridan was a Member of the Scottish Youth Parliament (MSYP) for Glasgow Govan (2009–2011) and was re-elected for Glasgow Southside (2011–2012). Sheridan gave his youth parliament seat up after being elected to Glasgow City Council so that he could focus on his new role. 
In the Scottish local elections, 2012, which were held using the Single Transferable Vote, Sheridan polled 1,357 first preference votes. He went on to be elected at stage 9 with 1,636 votes accumulated which saw Scotland's Youngest Councillor of 2012 elected. 
Since being elected Sheridan has raised votes at 16 within Glasgow City Council by putting 
forward a motion to full council in his name. 

</doc>
<doc id="36644907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644907" title="What Young India Wants">
What Young India Wants

What Young India Wants is the only non-fiction book by Chetan Bhagat, author of five novels. It is a compilation of his speeches and essays. It has various topics ranging from Indian society, Indian politics and young Indians. The book received positive reviews from critics. The book revolves around Bhagat's thoughts and innovations on how to improve the Indian economy through social reforms. The book criticizes the dis-function of the Indian government as well as moralities regarding the current condition of India. Bhagat writes about how India can be a progressive society in the future. He talks about the rampant corruption in India and how society should change to rid it. The theme is central to his dream of a free and forward thinking India.

</doc>
<doc id="36644930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36644930" title="Giorgio Avola">
Giorgio Avola

Giorgio Avola (born 8 May 1989) is an Italian fencer. He won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's team foil event.

</doc>
