<doc id="36823242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823242" title="Salvatore Fergola">
Salvatore Fergola

Salvatore Fergola (Naples, Italy; 1799- Naples; 7 March 1874) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes or vedute in and around his native Naples. He is considered an exponent of the School of Posillipo.
Biography.
Salvatore was the son of the engraver of landscapes, Luigi Fergola and his wife, Teresa Conti. Salvatore was educated in literature and architecture. He became a follower of Jakob Philipp Hackert, who had also mentored his father. Like his father, and other painters such as Giacinto Gigante, he worked for some time in the Royal Topographic office. He was heavily patronized by the Bourbon Court; for example, in 1819 the future Francesco I of the Two Sicilies commissioned views of Naples, including "Naples from Capodimonte", "Naples from Marinella", "Naples from Ponte della Maddalena", a "Veduta of the Botanical Gardens".
In 1827, he was nominated honorary professor to the Royal Institute of Arts ("Real Istituto di Belle Arti" (now the Accademia di Belle Arti di Napoli). Among his pupils was Achille Vertunni, Ignazio Lavagna, and Giuseppe Benassai
He was often utilized to commemorate government works and events: 
for example:
Also of note:

</doc>
<doc id="36823258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823258" title="2012 Chang-Sat Bangkok Open – Singles">
2012 Chang-Sat Bangkok Open – Singles

Cedrik-Marcel Stebe was the defending champion but chose to participate at the 2012 US Open instead.<br>
Dudi Sela won the final 6–1, 7–5 against Yuichi Sugita.

</doc>
<doc id="36823260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823260" title="List of wars involving Mauritania">
List of wars involving Mauritania


</doc>
<doc id="36823266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823266" title="Surya Vamsha">
Surya Vamsha

Suryavamsha is a 2000 released Kannada block buster film directed by S. Narayan and written by Vikraman. The film stars super star Dr. Vishnuvardhan in dual role along with Isha Koppikar and Lakshmi in the lead roles. Though the film was a remake of Tamil film "Suryavamsam" (1997) directed by Vikraman, it went on to be a mega hit blockbuster film being more successful than the original. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by V. Manohar, however a couple of retained original tunes were composed by music director S. A. Rajkumar.
The other versions of this film were in Telugu as "Suryavamsam" (1998) with Venkatesh and Meena as lead actors and in Hindi as "Sooryavansham" (1999) with Amitabh Bachchan and Soundarya in leading roles.
Box-office.
This film starring super star late Vishnuvardhan, the top most hero of the Kannada industry then, looted the box-office and created craze among the audience and fans. The film ran for 40 weeks in many main theaters and 25 weeks in 18 centers.
Soundtrack.
All music are scored by V. Manohar and lyrics by S. Narayan and Prof. Doddarange Gowda. The track Sevanthiye Sevanthiye composed by S. A. Rajkumar is however retained from the original film.

</doc>
<doc id="36823273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823273" title="College For Every Student">
College For Every Student

College For Every Student, or CFES, is a nonprofit organization that raises the academic aspirations and performance of low-income youth so that they can prepare for, gain access to, and succeed in college.
Founded in 1991, the organization has helped more than 75,000 underserved youth in 700 urban and rural schools throughout the United States get to and through college. Targeted students, known as CFES Scholars, are low-income youth, most of whom would be first in their family to pursue higher education. In the last eight years, 96 percent of the CFES Scholars in grade 12 have gone on to college.
Each participating school selects more than 50 CFES Scholars to engage in three core practices that research has shown are effective in helping underserved students take steps toward college success: Pathways to College, Mentoring, and Leadership through Service.
College For Every Student is based in Essex, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36823295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823295" title="Grocers' Apartments, Hamburg">
Grocers' Apartments, Hamburg

The Grocers' Apartments () are historic buildings on Krayenkamp, near St. Michaelis Church in the Neustadt district of Hamburg, Germany. 
Formerly homes for widows of members of the Grocers’ Institute (""), the 1620 to 1700 built, timber-framed buildings form the last of the 17th century enclosed courtyards of Hamburg. Now occupied by small shops, galleries, restaurants and a museum, the group is arranged along the sides of a narrow courtyard, behind two 1700s buildings which front the street.
History and architecture.
The oldest houses in the system (Krayenkamp 10/11 - houses a, n and m) are also the oldest surviving residential buildings in central Hamburg. With cantilevered floors and ornamental cut cleats, they were built around 1620 (Rear houses 1615-20; Vorderhaus 1625) as a country house and summerhouse on what were otherwise ornamental and pleasure gardens. Their exposed 17th century ceiling paintings are evidence that the original owners were members of the upper class. At the time, Neustadt had just been included within the fortified ramparts of Hamburg.
In 1676 the wealthy and prestigious Grocers’ Institute (""; formed in 1375 to offer guild-like protection to merchants), purchased the grounds and erected 20 apartments for the widows of deceased members, to encourage them to vacate their shops in favour of new members. In addition to the rent-free apartments, the widows were given fuel and a modest pension.
The buildings have twisted brick chimneys and characteristic wooden racks for drying laundry outside the windows.
The institute was dissolved in 1866. Having previously used wells in the courtyard, the homes were finally supplied with mains water in 1900.
In 1933, the buildings were made subject to a preservation order, and they survived the 
bombing raids of World War II without major damage. From 1972 to 1974, a $1.6 million Deutschmark renovation project was undertaken.
Museum.
One of the old apartments is preserved as a museum, a branch of the Hamburgmuseum. It has been furnished in 1850s style to illustrate the living conditions of the apartments' middle class residents.
A set of balance scales and an ell (a cubit-long measuring stick) from the year 1800, the most important instruments of the Kramer are also on display; both feature in the grocers' guild sign.

</doc>
<doc id="36823299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823299" title="Don't Panic (album)">
Don't Panic (album)

"Don't Panic" is the fifth studio album by American rock band All Time Low, released on October 8, 2012 by Hopeless Records.
All the songs were written by frontman Alex Gaskarth and Mike Green, with "Outlines" co-written by Patrick Stump of Fall Out Boy. "Don't Panic" sees All Time Low further evolving their sound while taking influence from each of their previous releases. The album debuted at No. 6 on the US "Billboard" 200 with 48,000 first week sales, making it the band's third top 10 debut in a row. It also became the group's first album to reach No. 1 on the Top Internet Albums chart. It peaked at No. 9 in the UK and in the top 20 in Australia and Canada. All Time Low has continued touring year-long in support of "Don't Panic". The album received positive reviews (with a Metacritic scoring of 74, meaning generally favorable reviews), with critics praising Gaskarth's song writing and the album's sound as a whole.
Background.
The band's previous album, "Dirty Work" was released in 2011 by Interscope. In May 2012, the band announced that they had left the label, before launching a new song called "The Reckless and the Brave" for free download on June 1. The official lyric video was released on June 22. On July 3, the band confirmed their return with the label Hopeless Records. On August 24, a song titled "For Baltimore", an ode to the band's hometown, was published by Alternative Press. In the midst of the tour, the band went into the studio to record the album, entirely produced by Mike Green. All band members considered "Don't Panic" their best album. Alex Gaskarth, singer and guitarist of the band, explained about the project,
"With this record, a big part of the process was finding what made our band special on each of our past records. This time around, rather than taking influence from anything we were listening to at the time—or anything we want to touch on generationally—the goal was to make an album that we felt reflected the best aspects of our previous releases."
The trailer of the album was released on August 28. The trailer contains the songs "For Baltimore", "Outlines" and "Somewhere In Neverland".
On October 2, the streaming of the album was released on YouTube by the record label. In February 1, the band began recording the video for the track "Somewhere In Neverland". In March 19, 2013 the video was premiered by MTV. On May 9, the video for "Backseat Serenade" was premiered.
Track listing.
All songs written by Alex Gaskarth, additional writing by Mike Green, and additional writing on "Outlines" by Patrick Stump.
Personnel.
Personnel per digital booklet.
"Don't Panic: It's Longer Now!".
"Don't Panic: It's Longer Now!" is the reissue of American rock band All Time Low's fifth studio album "Don't Panic" (2012). It was released on September 30, 2013 by Hopeless Records and features four newly recorded songs and four additional acoustic remixes as well as the original material. The reissue charted at #19 on the Billboard 200, and to #1 on the "Billboard" Independent Albums Chart.
The reissue's lead single "A Love Like War", featuring Vic Fuentes of the band Pierce the Veil, was released digitally on September 2, 2013 and peaked at #23 on the US "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 and #17 on the Hot Rock Songs.

</doc>
<doc id="36823301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823301" title="Miss Conspirator">
Miss Conspirator

Miss Conspirator (; lit. Miss Go) is a 2012 South Korean action comedy film starring Go Hyun-jung as a nerdy, reclusive cartoonist with a severe case of sociophobia who somehow gets mixed up in a drug deal involving one of the biggest organized crime groups in Korea, and is forced to deal with her phobia and interact with others as she runs from the police.
Plot.
Chun Soo-ro is a timid, geeky cartoonist with constant panic attacks and has debilitating phobia of all forms of social interaction. In the past, she relied on her sister to help her, but her sister is now about to leave the country. At the Busan port terminal, where her sister just departed, Soo-ro suddenly suffers another panic attack. At this time, a nun approaches her and helps her take her medication. Later, the nun asks Soo-ro to deliver flowers and a cake to a man that the nun confesses she loves.
Soo-ro unsuspectingly agrees to make the delivery and goes to the hotel room where the man is staying. Nobody answers the door, but the hotel room door is unlocked and slightly ajar. She walks into the hotel room to drop off the delivery, but is shocked to see a man, stabbed to death in a chair. Three other men then enter the hotel room. Soo-ro is able to hide then make a quick escape.
Unbeknownst to Soo-ro, she is now wanted by the police and two of the biggest crime syndicates. The cops believe she is part of a drug dealing operation worth 42 million dollars and the two gangs want to get back the drugs that was supposed to be delivered in the cake box.
With the help of five men she meets who turn her life upside down, Soo-ro slowly transforms into the queen of crime.

</doc>
<doc id="36823316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823316" title="Michalis Tsamourlidis">
Michalis Tsamourlidis

Michalis Tsamourlidis (born 22 March 1992 in Tsalka, Georgia) is a Greek footballer, currently playing for A.O.Nea Ionia F.C in the Football League 2, as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36823320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823320" title="Campden Tunnel Gravel Pit">
Campden Tunnel Gravel Pit

Campden Tunnel Gravel Pit () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1988. The site is listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line).
Geology.
The site exposes a mixture of gravels, sands and silts which make up the Campden Tunnel Drift (Pleistocene period). These are glacial sediments which fill a deep channel. The melt water is considered to have run from the ice-filled valley of the River Avon (north) to the drainage system of the River Evenlode (south east).
This links with the sequence of glacial deposits in the Midlands and the Upper Thames terraces (Evenlode Valley). The site also links with others in the Moreton-in-Marsh area, for example Stretton-on-Fosse.
Conservation.
The site is considered precious so it must only be used for research purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="36823326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823326" title="Bridge Real Ferdinando sul Garigliano">
Bridge Real Ferdinando sul Garigliano

The catenary suspension bridge of Real Ferdinando sul Garigliano or the Bridge of Real Ferdinando over the River Garigliano was the first iron suspension bridge built in Italy, perhaps in continental Europe. This bridge, which was technologically advanced for its age, was built in 1832 by the Bourbon Kingdom of Two Sicilies The engineer who designed the bridge was Luigi Giura.

</doc>
<doc id="36823355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823355" title="Stephan Hennen">
Stephan Hennen

Stephan Hennen (born 9 January 1990 in Duisburg) is a German footballer who plays as a Defender for MSV Duisburg.
Career.
Hennen played his first Bundesliga match for MSV Duisburg on 23 August 2012 in a 1–3 home loss against Dynamo Dresden.

</doc>
<doc id="36823378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823378" title="Christos Arkoudas">
Christos Arkoudas

Christos Arkoudas (Greek: Χρήστος Αρκούδας; born 13 June 1990 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek footballer who plays professionally for Atromitos F.C. in the Superleague Greece, as a Defender.
Career.
The right back started his career on youthside for AEK Athens F.C. and joined in summer 2007 to Kallithea F.C.. After one year left Kallithea and joined on loan for the 2008/2009 season to Beta Ethniki club AO Thiva. He returned in May 2009 to Kallithea and played for the until June 2012 in 49 matches. On 17 July 2012 returned to his youth club AEK Athens F.C. and signed a four years contract.
In November 2013 Arkoudas signed a contract with Superleague Greece club Atromitos.
Doping case.
On 8 February 2013 the defender was banned by the Greek Football Federation after a positive drug test. On 19 February 2013 Arkoudas apologised to the Greek Football Federation and his 3 years ban dropped to a 3 months ban.

</doc>
<doc id="36823383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823383" title="Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr">
Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr

Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr is a Local General Hospital at Ystrad Mynach serving Caerphilly County Borough in Wales, United Kingdom operated by Aneurin Bevan Local Health Board. It was opened in November 2011, replacing services provided by a number of smaller, older hospitals.
Ysbyty Ystrad Fawr replaced the 85 year old Caerphilly District Miners Hospital, Ystrad Mynach Hospital, Ty Sirhowy Mental Health Unit and smaller community hospitals.
The hospital has 269 beds in single ensuite bedrooms. The hospital also has a 24-hour local emergency centre, integrated mental health unit, and provides day surgery, and comprehensive diagnostic, outpatient and therapy services.

</doc>
<doc id="36823396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823396" title="Steib Metallbau">
Steib Metallbau

Steib Metallbau, later trading as Josef Steib Spezialfabrik für Seitenwagen, were a company from Nuremberg in Germany who manufactured sidecars. The firm was founded in 1914 by Josef Steib Senior and began making sidecars in 1928 following a commission from the motorcycle manufacturer Ardie. The company closed in 1957.
The company reached its peak in the 1950s when it claimed to manufacture 92% of all sidecars sold in Germany and the sidecars were the standard model offered with BMW motorcycles.
The product range included a variety of designs with the LS 200 for motorcycles up to , the LS. 350 for motorcycles of to and the S 500 L and TR-500 for motorcycles above amongst the most common. Replica outfits remain in production today.

</doc>
<doc id="36823398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823398" title="Giorgos Koutroubis">
Giorgos Koutroubis

Giorgos Koutroubis (born 2 October 1991 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek footballer, currently playing for Panathinaikos in the Greek Superleague, as a defender.
Career.
Koutroubis could not be officially announced by Panathinaikos, due to the fact that he still had a contract with AEK Athens. On June 26, 2013, he participated in Panathinaikos first training session for the 2013-2014 season. On July 2, 2013, he filed an appeal against AEK Athens, in order to get whatever the team owed to him. On the same day, he travelled to the Netherlands and Osterberg, in order to take part in Panathinaikos' summer preparation.
On 17 July 2013, it was officially announced that Koutroubis had signed a four-years contract with Panathinaikos.

</doc>
<doc id="36823400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823400" title="St Thomas' Church, Ashton-in-Makerfield">
St Thomas' Church, Ashton-in-Makerfield

St Thomas' Church, Ashton-in-Makerfield, is located in Warrington Road, Ashton-in-Makerfield, Greater Manchester, England. It is an active Anglican parish church in the deanery of Wigan, the archdeaconry of Warrington, and the diocese of Liverpool. Its benefice is united with that of St Luke, Stubshaw Cross. The church is designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
History.
A chapel of ease to St Oswald, Winwick is recorded on the site in 1515; this chapel was rebuilt in 1714. The new chapel, which had a cruciform plan, was consecrated in 1746. It was enlarged in 1782, and again in 1815. This chapel was in Georgian style. The present church was built in 1891–93, and was designed by F. H. Oldham of Manchester, providing seating for about 500 people. The church was consecrated on 6 July 1893 by the Rt Revd J. C. Ryle, Bishop of Liverpool. In 1929–30 the Lancaster architect Henry Paley of Austin and Paley added a new vestry at a cost of £506 (£ as of ). The tower originally had a saddleback roof, but this was removed in the 1960s.
Architecture.
Exterior.
The church is constructed in stone with a concrete tile roof. Its plan consists of three-bay nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, a chancel with a north organ chamber, vestries to the south and east, and a west tower. The tower has entrances on the north and south sides, and a four-light west window containing Perpendicular tracery. At the northwest corner is a stair turret. The bell openings are louvred, and paired on the east and west sides; there are clock faces on three sides. The parapet is embattled, with a gargoyle on the east side. Along the sides of the south aisle are pairs of three-light windows, and along the north side the windows have one or two lights. The clerestory windows mainly have three lights. The south vestry has three-light windows, the east window of the chancel has seven lights, and its north window has three lights. The east vestry window is straight-headed with three lights. The organ chamber has a three-light window and a rose window.
Interior.
Inside the church the arcades are carried on octagonal piers without capitals. The chancel arch is decorated with Tudor roses. On the north side of the chancel is a piscina. Removed from the older church are a chandelier, the organ case of 1826, the Royal arms of William IV, and monuments dating back to the 18th century. Most of the stained glass is by A. L. Moore, including the east window of 1897, which celebrates Queen Victoria Diamond Jubilee. The original two-manual pipe organ in the older church was made in 1826 by Bewsher and Fleetwood of Liverpool. It was refurbished in 1890 by Wadsworth of Manchester. In 1905 it was moved into the new church and rebuilt by Charles Whiteley of Chester. In 1962 it was moved from its position on the north side of the chancel to a north chapel by Whitely, and in 1988 the organ was refurbished by George Sixsmith.
External features.
The primary churchyard contains the war graves of eight service personnel of World War I and three of World War II, and the churchyard extension, in Heath Lane, those of ten service personnel of World War I and four of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="36823406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823406" title="Josie Pearson">
Josie Pearson

Josie Rachel Pearson MBE (born 3 January 1986) is a Paralympian wheelchair rugby player and athlete from England. Pearson represented Great Britain in the 2008 Summer Paralympics, becoming the first women to compete in wheelchair rugby for her country at the Paralympics. After competing as a sprint athlete, Pearson switched to throwing events and qualified for the 2012 Summer Paralympics in both discus and club throw in the F51 class, eventually taking the gold in discus with a world record distance.
Career history.
Pearson was born in Bristol in 1986 to Philip and Sue. The younger of two daughters, Pearson grew up in the village of Brilley, Herefordshire. She later moved to Hay-on-Wye on the Welsh border, where her mother ran a fashion and lifestyle shop. A keen show jumper, she was involved in a head-on car collision near Goytre in Wales in May 2003. The accident, in which her boyfriend died, resulted in Pearson breaking two bones in her neck and suffering permanent spinal damage. Her legs were paralyzed but she retained some use of her arms.
While Pearson at first wished to continue riding, her injuries made that course difficult. She continued her sporting endeavours and along with appearing in a dressage exhibition in 2005, she also trained as a wheelchair racer in 100, 200 and 400m events. During her rehabilitation at Oswestry Spinal Unit she met fellow patient Alan Ash who played wheelchair rugby and recommended the sport to her. With her hopes of horse riding slim, she began considering wheelchair rugby while studying neuroscience at Cardiff University, and while there she contacted the local club, Cardiff Pirates. Accepted into the team, she decided to leave university after only a year to concentrate on making the Paralympic squad, a goal she had followed since watching the Athens Games. Although the only women in the Cardiff Pirates, she enjoyed the physicality of the sport and in November 2006 was selected to represent Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Paralympics, the first women to represent the country in wheelchair rugby. The team finished just outside the medals, after losing to Canada in the bronze medal decider.
After 2008 Pearson returned to her wheelchair racing and in 2011 was selected as part of a 40 strong Great Britain team that competed at the IPC Athletics World Championships in New Zealand. Before travelling, Pearson was expecting to medal in all four of her events, 100m, 200m, 400m and 800m wheelchair races. Pearson had a disappointing games, finishing 5th in both the 100m and 800m events and was disqualified in both the 200m and 400m races. Frustrated by her performance, Pearson decided to leave wheelchair racing and switched to throwing events. She took up discus and the club throw, and in 2011 came first in the F51 discus in the Czech Open with a distance of 4.42 and second in the F51 club throw, recording 8.81m. In 2012 she improved on her personal bests, throwing 12.81m in the club and a world record of 6.66m in the F51 discus. These results were enough to qualify for the 2012 Summer Paralympics in both events.
On 7 September 2012, Pearson won gold at the 2012 Paralympic Games, breaking the F51 discus world record in the process. As part of the Olympic and Paralympic home-nation celebrations, the Royal Mail issued a stamp of each of the gold winning medalists, as well as painting a post-box in their home town gold. Pearson chose Hay-on-Wye as the location for her golden post-box. Pearson was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to athletics.
In 2013 Pearson qualified for the discus and club throw as part of the British team for the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships in Lyon, France. In the discus Pearson threw a distance of 7.09m, setting a new world record and securing the gold medal. Four days later she recorded a personal best in the club throw, and secured the bronze medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36823410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823410" title="Daniel Berk Log House">
Daniel Berk Log House

Daniel Berk Log House is a historic log cabin located on Maiden Creek in Albany Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It was built in two sections; one about 1760 and the second in the late 1700s. The older section is a 1 1/2-story, rectangular log building measuring 20 feet by 22 feet. It has a gable roof and sits on a stone foundation. The newer section is a 1 1/2-story stone addition measuring 20 feet by 22 feet.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="36823475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823475" title="George Douglass House">
George Douglass House

George Douglass House is a historic home and store building located in Amity Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1763, and is a two-story, sandstone building with a gable roof. The main section has a Georgian plan. Attached to the main section is a two-story store wing built about 1800, one-story smokehouse and wash house addition built about 1833, full width rear porch added about 1833, and a one-story kitchen wing added about 1900. Restoration of the house by the Historic Preservation Trust of Berks County took place between 1995 and 2002.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36823483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823483" title="Yigal Ravid">
Yigal Ravid

Yigal Ravid (born 13 August 1957) is an Israeli radio and television presenter, he hosted the 1999 Eurovision Song Contest following the victory of Dana International the year before. Ravid is currently employed by Channel 2 where he is a reporter for the Israeli News Company, additionally he reports on current affairs for the European Broadcasting Union.
Early life.
Yigal Ravid, was born in Tel Aviv, Israel in 1957. He was a student at the Tel-Aviv Herzeliya High School. Ravid then attended the Tel Aviv University, where he studied Political Science achieving an undergraduate in Bachelor of Arts. Yigal enrolled with the young journalists' scheme after he received a scholarship at the John Kennedy Foundation. He continued his education at the University of New York where he studied for a Master of Arts degree in Communications.
Yigal's began his professional journalism with the Galei Tzahal, a nationwide Israeli army radio network operated by the Israel Defense Forces. Between 1983 and 1989 Ravid continued his journalism career as a newsreader working for Kol Yisrael, public domestic and international radio service, operated as a division of the Israel Broadcasting Authority. It was during this time that he also presented a music show on the Israeli radio station, Reshet Gimel.
Before returning as an editor and newsreader for Kol Yisrael in 1993, Yigal worked for Israel Radio International as a journalist while undergoing further educational studies in America. In 1996 he continued his newsreader career for Israeli network Channel 1, were he then switched channels in 1998 and presented news programs for Channel 2. Yigal is fluent in many languages including English, French, and German, as well as his native tongue Hebrew.
Eurovision Song Contest.
Yigal has appeared twice at the Eurovision Song Contest. In 1998 he presented the Israel televotes. Ravid returned to the Eurovision stage the year after when he was a co-host at the Eurovision Song Contest 1999 along with Dafna Dekel and Sigal Shahamon.

</doc>
<doc id="36823485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823485" title="Nuru, Silifke">
Nuru, Silifke

Nuru is a village in Silifke district of Mersin Province, Turkey. (Although the name is Nuru, sometimes is spelled as Nuri). Nuru is a village in forests. It is situated on Toros Mountains to the west of Göksu River valley at . Distance to Silifke is and to Mersin is . The population of the village is 685 as of 2011. According to village page, it is founded about 700 years ago. Main economic activities are agriculture and animal breeding. Main crops are pistachio, figs, plum and hickory nut. 

</doc>
<doc id="36823492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823492" title="Smooth Like Stone on a Beach">
Smooth Like Stone on a Beach

Smooth Like Stone on a Beach is the debut album by Canadian reggae band Walk Off the Earth, released on December 31, 2007 through SlapDash Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36823515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823515" title="935th Tactical Airlift Group">
935th Tactical Airlift Group

The 935th Tactical Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 442d Tactical Airlift Wing, based at Richards-Gebaur Air Force Base, Missouri. It was inactivated on 1 November 1974
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population.
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 935th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-124 Globemaster IIs for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of three C-124 groups assigned to the 442d TCW in 1963, the others being the 936th Troop Carrier Group, also at Richards-Gebaur AFB, Missouri, and the 937th Troop Carrier Group, at Tinker AFB, Oklahoma.
The group flew overseas missions, particularly to the Far East and Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War. In 1971, the group began phasing out the C-124 and by 1972, had fully transitioned to the C-130 Hercules.
Inactivated in 1974 as part of the post-Vietnam War drawdown, its squadron being assigned directly to the 442d TCW.

</doc>
<doc id="36823525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823525" title="Henry Fisher House">
Henry Fisher House

Henry Fisher House is a historic home located in Oley Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It was built between 1798 and 1801, and is a 2 1/2-story, five bay by two bay, limestone dwelling with a steeply pitched gable roof. It has a two-story, rear kitchen addition with a flat roof. The main house has a Georgian center hall plan. The Fisher family has lived in the house since it was completed.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="36823529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823529" title="Edon Hasani">
Edon Hasani

Edon Hasani (born 9 January 1992) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for ACS Poli Timișoara, in the Romanian Liga I.
Career.
Vllaznia Shkodër.
Hasani made his professional debut for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Europa League against Birkirkara on 30 July 2011, coming on as an 88th minute substitute in the 1-0 win. He made his league debut in the opening game on 17 April 2009 against Skenderbeu, replacing Ansi Nika in the 75th minute.
Litex, FC Ceahlăul, and ACS Poli Timișoara.
On 25 August 2012, Hasani joined Bulgarian A PFG club Litex Lovech. After 9 games played in Bulgaria, in summer 2013 he joined FC Ceahlăul in the Romanian Liga I, where he played only one game until January 2014 when he passed to ACS Poli Timișoara another Liga I team. 
International career.
He made his international debut in UEFA European Under-19 Championship (Qualifying round) on 13 November 2009 in a match against Italy. He played in the UEFA European Under-21 Championship 2011/13.

</doc>
<doc id="36823546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823546" title="Teresa Andersen">
Teresa Andersen

Teresa "Terry" Andersen (born c. 1953 in Santa Clara, California) is a retired American synchronized swimmer who won all three gold medals at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships, in the solo, duet and team routines. This feat was repeated only in 1986 by Carolyn Waldo. Also in 1986, Andersen was inducted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame. 
Biography.
Andersen started swimming at the age of 10. By the mid-1970s she dominated American synchronized swimming, winning junior US titles in the duet (1970) and solo (1971) routines; senior US titles in the indoor team (1969, 1972, 1973), indoor solo (1973), indoor duet (1973), outdoor team (1969–1973), and outdoor duet competitions (1972, 1973); as well as Canadian Open Championships in 1972 (solo, duet, figures, team). After clean-sweeping the gold meals at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships, she retired to became the head coach of the West German National Team (1974) and then a state coach in South Africa (1976, 1979). Before retiring, she helped popularize synchronized swimming via exhibitions at Expo 1970 and the 1972 Olympics. Next year the sport was introduced to the FINA World Aquatics Championships, and in 1984 to the Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36823555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823555" title="Roy Stanbrook">
Roy Stanbrook

Captain Roy Henry Stanbrook (born 1957) was Chief Executive of the Gibraltar Port Authority and Captain of the Port in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. His position prior to the 2012 appointment was that of Harbour Master for the Lower District of the Port of London Authority in the United Kingdom. He was succeeded by Gibraltarian Captain Bob Sanguinetti.
Biography.
Roy Henry Stanbrook, a native of Surrey, England, was born in 1957. The mariner indicates that he "ran away to sea as a boy." His education included the Greenwich Royal Naval College and the Warsash School of Navigation (1975-1979). His early career included service in the Royal Fleet Auxiliary (RFA) aboard the RFA "Sir Galahad" (1966) during the Falklands War (1982) and other conflict areas, during which he qualified as a Master Mariner. Stanbrook also served in the first Gulf War. He gained additional maritime experience in the fields of underwater engineering, education, marine insurance, and vessel management. He was employed by BT Marine, working on cable ships. At Warsash Maritime Academy, part of Southampton Solent University, Stanbrook taught radar, vessel handling, and bridge team management, and became a Senior Lecturer. He was a surveyor for the protection and indemnity insurance (P&I) club, British Marine Mutual. In addition, he was Operations Director for the Rochester-based shipping company, R Lapthorn and Company Ltd, his last position before joining the Port of London Authority (PLA).
In 2001, Stanbrook was appointed as the Deputy Harbour Master on the River Thames for the Lower District of the Port of London Authority. In 2007, he was selected as Harbour Master for the Lower District of the Port of London Authority, the area of his responsibility the lower tidal Thames. He succeeded Gordon Dickins, who retired from the Port of London Authority after having served in a number of senior positions over a period of 32 years. Stanbrook was in an advanced development programme at the Cranfield School of Management of Cranfield University in 2007-2008. On 27 February 2012, the 54 year old assumed his most recent position, that of Chief Executive of the Gibraltar Port Authority and Captain of the Port. The selection process was completed in November of the previous year. His predecessor in Gibraltar was Captain Peter W. Hall, who served in that position from August 2008 to October 2011, after having unexpectedly resigned in September 2011.
Captain Stanbrook, a married father of two, is a Fellow of the Nautical Institute (FNI), an international organization for maritime professionals. He is a Younger Brother of Trinity House, the General Lighthouse Authority for England, Wales, the Channel Islands, and Gibraltar. He has an STCW (Standards of Training, Certification & Watchkeeping) Master Unlimited Certificate of Competency. On 19 March 2010, Stanbrook was appointed as a director of the Cambria Trust, the charity that owns the Thames sailing barge "Cambria". He has resided in Rochester, Kent, England.
Neil Costa, Minister for Tourism, Public Transport and the Port, and chairman of the board of directors of the Gibraltar Port Authority, commented on his selection of Stanbrook to lead the Gibraltar Port Authority. "The Government is determined to see growth and development in the various sectors of port operations and will be looking to the Captain to provide the necessary leadership to achieve this." In Gibraltar, the commercial port's primary activity is bunkering; Alan Cubbin of the Gibraltar Maritime Administration has noted improvement to the process of booking bunkering slots at Gibraltar in 2012. "A year ago, it wasn’t unusual for ships to sit out for 24 hours whereas now, they’re booking three days ahead and it’s very efficient."

</doc>
<doc id="36823563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823563" title="Gibraltar Port Authority">
Gibraltar Port Authority

The Gibraltar Port Authority under its current status is an independent Port Authority in the British Overseas Territory founded under the 2005 Gibraltar Port Authority Act. While established in 2005, the Authority was not constituted until 2006, when its first members were appointed. It has numerous responsibilities; however, the Authority's primary function is the provision of marine services. Bunkering is now the principal service that the port provides. The Chairman is the Minister for Tourism, Public Transport and the Port, Neil F. Costa. Captain Roy Stanbrook is the chief executive officer of the Gibraltar Port Authority and Captain of the Port. The original port authority was a government entity and was established in Gibraltar in 1806.
History.
On 19 February 1706, Queen Anne (1665–1714) of Great Britain granted Free Port status to Gibraltar. However, in the early 18th century, Gibraltar was principally a garrison; the amount of commerce was negligible. Following the 1805 Battle of Trafalgar, Gibraltar was established as a port for international trade. 1823 marked the appearance of the first steamship in Gibraltar and its gradual evolution to a bunkering port. The government-administered Gibraltar Port Authority was founded in 1806. Its successor, the independent Gibraltar Port Authority (GPA), in the British Overseas Territory at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula, was established in 2005 by the Gibraltar Port Authority Act. The Act of Parliament also provided for the transfer of some responsibilities from the Government of Gibraltar to the Authority. Provisions of the Act became effective on the date or dates determined by the Minister for the Port and Shipping. While established in 2005, the independent Gibraltar Port Authority was not constituted until 2006. Members of the Authority were appointed, effective 1 June 2006. The Port's office is located on the North Mole "(pictured above)", the breakwater at the northern end of Gibraltar Harbour "(map below)". The government entity that operated the port from 1806 to 2006 is also referred to as the Gibraltar Port Authority on the plaque "(link below)" installed at the North Mole. The inscription reads: 
Under the Act, the Gibraltar Port Authority consists of eight members who operate as an "independent statutory body." The members include: the Minister acting as Chairman of the Authority, a senior officer of the Ministry, the Chief Executive of the Authority, the Financial Secretary, an appointee of the Minister upon discussion with employers of the port, another appointee after discussion with the Gibraltar Trades Council, and two additional appointees, one of whom is "a barrister or solicitor of the Supreme Court." The Chairman of the board of directors of the Gibraltar Port Authority is the Minister for Tourism, Public Transport and the Port, Neil F. Costa, who took office following the Gibraltar general election in December 2011. He succeeded Joseph J. Holliday, the Minister for Enterprise, Development, Technology and Transport as Chairman of the Authority. Captain Roy Stanbrook is the Chief Executive of the Gibraltar Port Authority and Captain of the Port. He was appointed after Costa's election victory, and assumed his position on 27 February 2012. Stanbrook was formerly the Harbour Master for the Lower District of the Port of London Authority in the United Kingdom, and served in that position from 2007 to 2012. In Gibraltar, he succeeded Captain Peter W. Hall, who had served from August 2008 to October 2011, having unexpectedly resigned in September 2011. Hall replaced Captain Cliff Brand, who served from 2006 to 2008.
On 9 February 2011, the Government of Gibraltar announced that the Authority had published a new Port of Gibraltar Handbook, for 2010–2011. Since the passage of the Gibraltar Port Authority Act in 2005, several other amendments and regulations have been enacted. As of 2010, the criteria for membership on the board of the Authority appears to have been altered from the Act of 2005, and consists of: "government representatives, port operators, a representative of the Gibraltar Trades Council, independent members, port senior management," although that is an informal enumeration as represented in the Authority handbook. Two organisations have recently been established that work in conjunction with the GPA. One is the Port Advisory Council, whose members are appointed by Costa. The other is the Gibraltar Port Operator's Association (GPOA), founded on 23 January 2012. The intent of the organisation is to question the "terms and conditions" set by the Authority.
Responsibilities.
The principal function of the Authority is the provision of marine services. It has the responsibility for the port infrastructure, including its security and maintenance. The Authority has the duty to operate the port within international standards. It must regulate the movement of vessels in British Gibraltar Territorial Waters. In addition, it must make available search and rescue capability in those waters as needed. The Gibraltar Port Authority has to make certain that all entities within the port comply with local and international laws. It has a duty to encourage new business, and to market the port efficiently. It also has the responsibility of generating funds for the government.
Specific marine services that the Authority provides include bunkering, crew changes, and conveyance of spare parts and other supplies. Bunkering, the supply of fuel to vessels, is the main service that the port provides. Customarily, the fuel is delivered by bunker barge to a vessel anchored in the Bay of Gibraltar. However, bunkers are also delivered to ships berthed at Gibraltar Harbour. The Gibraltar Port Authority is also responsible for the Cruise Terminal "(pictured at right)" and berths for cruise ships. While much of the activity related to the Authority occurs within Gibraltar Harbour, as the commercial port is based at the North Mole, the Gibraltar Port Authority ensures safe navigation within all of its territorial waters. During Captain Hall's tenure, a Vessel Tracking System (VTS) was employed. It affords the GPA a real-time view of all ships within the surrounding waters, whether they are in the port (Gibraltar Harbour), the Bay of Gibraltar, the Strait of Gibraltar, or to the east of the territory in the Alboran Sea. Not only does the system help ensure safe navigation, it permits more efficient utilisation of anchorages and the assessment of port fees, thereby generating revenue for the government. The GPA provides pilotage service, maintains aids to navigation, keeps track of the depth of water, and oversees emergency services and environmental mitigation.

</doc>
<doc id="36823570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823570" title="Aurantilaria">
Aurantilaria

Aurantilaria is a monotypic genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Species.
Species within the genus "Aurantilaria" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36823578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823578" title="Jaecki Schwarz">
Jaecki Schwarz

Jaecki Schwarz (born 26 February 1946 in Berlin) is a German actor. He performed in more than ninety films since 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="36823593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823593" title="O.K.K Sedomon">
O.K.K Sedomon

Sedomon Gunsanad Kina (1894-1966) was a native chief of Keningau, in North Borneo, who later became a politician in unified Malaysia.
Career.
As a chief, Sedomon amicably settled disputes among villagers in Keningau. His active political career began in 1962. Together with his brother, G.S Sundang, Sedomon founded and led the United Pasokmomogun Kadazandusun Murut Organisation. UPKO represented the native people of Sabah, or North Borneo, as it was known at that time. 
The UPKO eventually controlled and gained a majority support of the indigenous people in the inland districts of Sabah, whereas another party, known as the UNKO (United National Kadazan Organization), was formed in 1961 by Donald Stephens, held the minority. Later Stephens, would command the support of those on the coastal areas of North Borneo as well. Misunderstanding and differences in opinion between the UPKO and the UNKO possibly created the beginnings of a politically terminological division between the natives of North Borneo.
Sedomon was given the title of Orang Kaya-kaya (O.K.K) after the previous O.K.K, his father Datuk Seri Panglima O.K.K Gunsanad Kina died. He served as O.K.K. from 1936 until his death in 1966.
Contribution.
Before 1963, O.K.K Gunsanad Kina, who was the Chieftain for the Interior Residency, had pursued the idea of self-government, which later evolved into the idea of a unified Malaysia. Sedomon supported the inception idea, on the condition that the rights of the native peoples be protected and safeguarded. Inscriptions on the "Batu Sumpah Keningau" partly detail Sedomon’s ideas. Three of the 20 points, namely Point One on freedom of religion, Point Six on immigration, and Point Twenty on land, forest, local fovernment, etc., were based on Sedomon's ideas. Sedomon discussed his ideas with Razak during a meeting at the Rumah Besar mansion. Razak was prompted to consider Sedomon’s conditions when he said “If that is the case, people from the Peninsula would require a passport to enter Sabah”.
On 16 September 1963, the birth of a new nation within the South East Asian region, known as Malaysia, was marked. Subsequently, both Sedomon and his brother Sundang, were invited to the peninsula to see the success and effectiveness of the Alliance administration. This administration worked based on the concept of power sharing, and was led by the Malay majority party UMNO, together with the Chinese and Indians in the MCA and MIC, respectively. Their visit convinced the Sabahan leaders that the Malays did not control everything.
In his capacity as Paramount Chief of the Interior, Sedomon asked the British to declare a three-days festival, later known as the Kaamatan. Although an ethnic Dusun, Sedomon's intention was for Kaamatan to be a day for all Sabah natives. However, the British acceded only when Donald Stephens also made the request.
Death.
On 8 March 1966, while at a dinner party, O.K.K Sedomon died suddenly from an unknown cause.
Awards and recognition.
Sedomon was noted for his achievements in British North Borneo and awarded an MBE by Queen Elizabeth II on 9 June 1961.

</doc>
<doc id="36823605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823605" title="Henry Stephens (doctor)">
Henry Stephens (doctor)

Henry Stephens, MRCS (March 1796 – 15 September 1864) was a doctor, surgeon, chemist, writer, poet, inventor and entrepreneur. At medical school in London he was a friend of John Keats, later wrote treatises on hernia and cholera, and conducted experiments to improve writing fluids and wood stains. In 1830 he invented an indelible blue-black writing fluid patented in 1837 and later formed the Stephens' Ink company which grew into a worldwide brand with a famous inkblot image.
Early life.
Henry Stephens was born in Holborn, London, the second son of Joseph Stephens (1771–1820) and his wife Catherine (1763–1843), née Farey, but along with his elder brother John was soon moved to more rural Hertfordshire. The family lived briefly in Hatfield where sisters Frances (1798–1860) and Catherine (1800–1855) were born. Around 1801 they moved to Redbourn near St Albans where a fifth child, Josiah (1804–1865) was born. Joseph Stephens became the innkeeper at "The Bull", the principal inn and busy staging-post in Redbourn High Street on a main stagecoach route between London and the north.
In 1811 Stephens was apprenticed to a local doctor in Markyate three miles north of Redbourn and in 1815 enrolled as a pupil in the united teaching school of Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital in London. He shared lodgings at 28 St Thomas Street, Southwark, with George Wilson Mackereth, whose daughter Stephens' son, Henry Charles, later married, and with John Keats, who was to become famous as a poet, and who died in Rome in 1821. It is on record that in 1816 Stephens helped Keats compose the line from Endymion book 1, "A thing of beauty is a joy forever ..." 
On 14 March 2002, as part of the 'Re-weaving Rainbows' event of National Science Week 2002, Poet Laureate Sir Andrew Motion unveiled a blue plaque on the front wall of 28 St Thomas Street to commemorate the sharing of lodgings there by Keats and Stephens while they were medical students at Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital in 1815-16.
Redbourn, 1817–1828.
After qualifying, Stephens returned to Redbourn where he developed a medical practice for ten years, dealing with all manner of medical problems including agricultural accidents and veterinary matters. He was a friend of the distinguished surgeon Sir Astley Cooper, physician to King William IV, who encouraged Stephens to return to London where his medical abilities could be put to greater use.
Tourist and Travel Writer.
In November 1827 Stephens embarked upon what he called his "Excursion to the North", a journey begun by stagecoach through Northampton and Leicestershire to Derby and Staffordshire. He visited Chatsworth House and Haddon Hall and walked many miles in the Matlock area. Stephens continued to Manchester and Liverpool, visited the Northwich salt mines, then continued via Chester to Eaton Hall where he toured Earl Grosvenor's estate on horseback.
Passing through Wrexham, he reached Shrewsbury where he joined the famous Holyhead mail coach to Birmingham, then on via Worcester, Tewkesbury and Gloucester to Bristol. Here he enjoyed the Clifton Downs but had difficulty crossing the muddy and tidal River Avon below the Downs by ferry, Brunel's famous Clifton Suspension Bridge not yet having been built. In Bath Stephens paid a visit to the famous stone quarries and Pump Room, and finally returned to London by coach via Marlborough, the Savernake Forest, Henley and Windsor.
His perambulations, which took over a month, featured in a "Journal" of 14,000 words written on his return, a revised monograph of which was edited in 1997 by his great-granddaughter Jennifer Stephens, and published by The Stephens Collection in Finchley. The doctor makes acute observations on his travels through the daily life and society of England in the reign of George IV, before the advent of the railways.
Southwark (1829–1843) and first marriage.
The doctor established a practice at 54 Stamford Street, near Blackfriars Bridge and not far from Guy's and St Thomas' Hospitals. In September 1829, at Trinity Church, Marylebone, Stephens married Hannah Woodbridge "from Christchurch in the County of Surrey"; nothing is known of her background or how the couple met. In December 1830 a daughter, Harriot, was born, but died almost exactly a year later from consumption. Worse was to follow in April 1832 when Stephens' wife Hannah also died from consumption; both mother and child were buried in the graveyard at St Mary's, Redbourn.
Despite these setbacks Stephens' medical practice flourished, and although a series of cholera outbreaks kept the doctor very busy, he found time to become an expert on hernia. His published work on this subject – "A Treatise on Obstructed and Inflamed Hernia: and on Mechanical Obstructions of the Bowels Internally" – appeared in 1831, the same year that his daughter died. An original copy of this work, presented to a Dr Hope "...with the author's respectful compliments", is held by the Wellcome Library in London.
During the 1830s Stephens was very active as a member of the Medical Society of London. He also became an expert on cholera which was always a problem in the city until John Snow (1813–1858), Vice-President and later President of the Society, brought the outbreaks to an end by his celebrated removal of the handle from the pump of the sewage-contaminated well in Broad Street, Soho, in 1854.
Inventor.
From around 1830 Stephens had been experimenting with chemicals and ink-making in the basement cellar at 54 Stamford Street, perhaps as a sort of hobby but more likely due to dissatisfaction with the poor quality of the writing materials available at that time.
Despite pressure from friends and relations to give up commerce and continue his career as a medical professional, Stephens continued experimenting with his inks and stains. As the population slowly became more literate, writing materials were much in demand, and Stephens took over a nearby stable and yard, where he kept his doctor's horse and carriage, for his factory, employing a foreman and men to handle the bottling. 
In 1832 Stephens' Ink was registered as a company name. Stephens soon had an eye on exporting his products; he travelled to Paris and appointed an agent to handle his business in France, and also appointed an agent in New York. Patents were granted in 1837. The introduction of the Penny Post in 1840 helped to accelerate the demand for writing materials.
Stephens' invention is acclaimed as superior to others. A long letter published in "Mechanics' Magazine, Register, Journal and Gazette" dated 2 July 1836 about ink and ink stands contained the following paragraph:
""Mr Stephens' writing fluid is remarkable for the ease with which it flows from and follows every stroke of the pen, for its bright and distinct blue colour when first written with, and for the superior blackness which it afterwards invariably acquires."" 
signed Wm. Baddeley, London 9 June 1836
Stephens' ink is renowned for its non-fading ability and to this day Stephens' indelible Registrar's Ink is one of the official inks that Registrars of Births, Marriages and Deaths throughout the United Kingdom are required to use for their register entries.
Second marriage (1840).
In 1840, eight years after the death of Hannah, Stephens remarried. His new wife was Anne O'Reilly, a 26-year-old spinster from Holborn; the wedding took place on 3 May at St Andrew's church, Holborn. After a honeymoon in Brussels, the couple settled in their new home in York Road, Lambeth. Two children were born in the years that followed, Henry Charles in 1841 and Martha in 1843. Later on there were four more additions to the family: Harold, Catherine (Kitty), Ellen and Julian.
In 1844 Dr Stephens published in London "The Book of the Farm: Detailing the Labours of the Farmer, Farm-steward, Ploughman, Shepherd, Hedger, Cattle-man, Field-worker, and Dairy-maid", a standard work that has provided much useful information for agricultural historians, and formed the basis of a BBC Two documentary "Victorian Farm" in 2009.
In 1846 the doctor and his family, tired of the noise and squalor of the city, moved six miles north to the leafy village of Finchley, where they acquired a spacious home, Grove House, with outhouses and several fields adjoining Ballards Lane. The older part of the rambling house was torn down and redeveloped and there were stables for horses and a variety of other animals. In the years that followed first Martha, then Henry, were sent to school in Paris to learn French.
Products.
1851 was the year of the Great Exhibition in London's Hyde Park. Stephens' indelible "blue-black writing fluid" and other inks received favourable press reviews and the company's wood stains for oak, mahogany and walnut were used on the doors and panels of the Exhibition buildings. The Prince Consort, visiting early one morning, was reported to be much impressed by the results.
Later that year, Stephens' Ink company advertisements featured not only inks and wood stains but also patent propelling pencils, parallel rulers, and stamp and label dampers, and claimed patronage by Prince Albert and other European royals.
In 1852 Henry Charles, now aged eleven, returned from Paris to attend University College School in Gower Street, London, where he stayed for five years before studying chemistry at the School of Mines in Kensington. Dr Stephens was a friend of Professor Michael Faraday (1791–1867) and often took his young son to the eminent professor's lectures at the Royal Institution.
Henry Charles Stephens.
Around this time Stephens continued to instruct his son in the preparation of inks and wood stains in his outhouses at Grove House in Finchley in a sort of apprenticeship. The experience would prove invaluable when young Henry later went to work in his father's factory. Henry Charles married, in 1863, Agnes Mackereth, the daughter of his father's old friend at medical school.
Death.
Tragedy struck on 15 September 1864 when Dr Stephens, returning from his office in Aldersgate Street with Henry Charles, collapsed and died at Farringdon station. His son boarded a train believing his father was in the crowd behind him, and only learned of his missing father's death later that evening. 
The doctor was deeply mourned, in London as well as in Finchley. In addition to Michael Faraday, among his personal friends were John Glover, Queen Victoria's librarian; Thomas Sopwith, geologist and mining engineer; and Sir Benjamin Ward Richardson, eminent doctor and physiologist. At his funeral it was said that although Dr Henry's life was given to the service of science, he had a great yearning for literature and the arts and a great love of justice. 
He was buried in St Marylebone Cemetery, Finchley, where a monument commemorates him and other members of his family. The family name is commemorated as a street name, Stephens Way, in Redbourn, Hertfordshire.
The company founded by Dr Stephens continued for more than a century after his death. Dr Stephens' eldest son Henry Charles Stephens (1841–1918), known to his friends as "Inky", ran the company until his death in 1918, was an entrepreneur and philanthropist and also MP for Hornsey and Finchley from 1887 until 1900.
The Stephens Collection.
A small museum – The Stephens Collection – in Finchley, north London, features the history of the Stephens family and the eponymous ink company, with a section on the development of writing materials. The museum is open three afternoons a week and occasional weekends, and is located in Avenue House, the home of Henry "Inky" Stephens from 1874 until his death. In his will he bequeathed Avenue House and his ten acres of gardens to the people of Finchley; the house and grounds are now run by a local charitable trust for public benefit and as a memorial to Dr Stephens and his son.

</doc>
<doc id="36823614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823614" title="Abel José Carvalho Pereira">
Abel José Carvalho Pereira

Abel José Carvalho Pereira (born 15 April 1990 in Alijó, Vila Real) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Varzim S.C. as a right defender.

</doc>
<doc id="36823619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823619" title="More Than Dancing">
More Than Dancing

More Than Dancing was a 1982 independent release from The Captain and Tennille. The album was released on a now-defunct Australian record label, Wizard Records. Following the five years of international success between A&M Records and Casablanca Records, The Captain & Tennille had essentially concluded their major recording career in 1980 with the album "Keeping Our Love Warm". The following year, Wizard Records invested in The Captain & Tennille to record "More Than Dancing". When released in 1982, the album had limited Australian release and was not released internationally. The album was considered extremely rare until the CD release in 2003.
In 2003, the Australian record label, Raven Records, purchased the rights and re-released the album on CD and retitled to "More Than Dancing ...Much More". An alternate album cover was used from the original photoshoot, where Tennille and Dragon are facing the camera rather than each other. The re-release included the original 1982 tracks, as well as, 11 unreleased tracks recorded between 1975 and 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="36823639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823639" title="List of international cricket five-wicket hauls by Dennis Lillee">
List of international cricket five-wicket hauls by Dennis Lillee

Dennis Lillee is a former Australian cricketer who took 24 five-wicket hauls during his career in international cricket. A five-wicket haul (also known as a "five–for" or "fifer") refers to a bowler taking five or more wickets in a single innings. This is regarded as a notable achievement, and fewer than 40 bowlers have taken more than 15 five-wicket hauls at international level in their cricketing careers. A fast bowler who represented the Australian cricket team between 1971 and 1984, Lillee was described by one writer as "the heart of Australia['s] bowling attack for more than a decade" and was rated "the outstanding fast bowler of his generation" by the BBC. He was the first bowler to capture 350 Test wickets and held the record for almost two years before Ian Botham surpassed the feat. Lillee was named one of the "Wisden" Cricketers of the Year in 1973 and the "South African Cricket" (Annual) Cricketer of the Year three years later. The International Cricket Council (ICC) inducted him into its Cricket Hall of Fame in 2009.
Lillee made his Test debut during the sixth Test of the 1970–71 Ashes series where he claimed a five-wicket haul on debut. He was subsequently selected for the 1972 tour of England and took a pair of five-wicket hauls for the first time in a single match during the final Test of the same series. He ended the series with 31 wickets at an average of 17.67. He went on to claim five-wicket hauls in both innings of a Test match on three more occasions. Lillee's career-best figures for an innings were 7 wickets for 83 runs against the West Indies in 1981. He was most successful against England with eleven five-wicket hauls against them, and was most effective at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, where he took seven of his twenty three five-wicket hauls. When Lillee retired from Test cricket in 1984, he had taken ten or more wickets in a match on seven occasions.
Lillee's One Day International (ODI) debut came against England in 1972. His sole five-wicket haul in ODIs came against Pakistan during the Prudential World Cup (1975) at Headingley Stadium. As of 2012, Lillee's combined tally of 24 five-wicket hauls is eleventh in the all-time list, a record jointly held with Sydney Barnes, Imran Khan, Kapil Dev and Dale Steyn.
This list includes only matches that are deemed official by the ICC. Lillee's performances in World Series Cricket and the World XI tour of Australia in 1971–72 are not included.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36823648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823648" title="Gopaldas Ambaidas Desai">
Gopaldas Ambaidas Desai

Gopaldas Ambaidas Desai (1887-1951) also called Darbar Gopaldas Desai was a former prince and later ruler of the State of Dhasa in Saurashtra and a noted Gandhian political and social activist. He is remembered as the first prince in India who gave up his principality to become a freedom fighter against the British Raj.
Prince and Ruler of Dhasa and Rai-Sankhli.
Gopaldas was born at Vaso in the present day Kheda district of Gujarat. He was an "inamdar" or feudatory to the Baroda State, the ruler of the Dhasa State and a "jagirdar" of the Rai and Sankhli villages. He was a Vaishnavite and a Patel by caste and a Desai and Amin by title. He became the ruler of Dhasa succeeding his maternal grandfather Ambaidas who adopted him as heir to the throne. Gopaldas had been a supporter of Mohandas Gandhi and the Indian National Congress and had often given them financial support. He was a progressive ruler and began a scheme for free education in his state. Impressed by the ideas of Montessori schooling, he helped finance the first Montessori pre primary school in Dhasa in 1915.
By 1921, Gopaldas had become active in the Indian National Congress. That year he became president of the Kheda District Congress Committee. The following year, his state was confiscated and was deposed as ruler by the British after he disobeyed the British Resident General's warnings against his involvement in the national movement and extending financial support to Gandhi. Gopaldas and his wife Bhakti Lakshmidevi Desai better known as Bhaktiba became active freedom fighters from 1922. After his removal, the British proposed Gopaldas' eldest son Suryakant as the new ruler. He however rejected the offer arguing that he held the same political views as his father. The British then rejected the claims of Gopaldas' other three sons and instead appointed Gopaldas' brother Chaturbhai as the new ruler.
Freedom Fighter.
Following the confiscation of his estates, Gopaldas relocated to Borsad from where he participated in both the Borsad and Bardoli satyagrahas. During the Civil Disobedience Movement, the entire Desai family was imprisoned including Gopaldas, his wife Bhaktiba, the two elder sons Mahendra and Suryakant and the youngest, then a mere six month old, Barindra. The Desais were also active participants in the Quit India Movement. Bhaktiba became a renowned social worker and Gandhian political activist in her own right while Yog Sunder went on to become a renowned dancer and choreographer and the founder of the Indian Revival Group.
Social Activist.
Gopaldas and Bhaktiba worked tirelessly for the Gandhian causes of eradication of untouchability and for women's education. Bhaktiba and he played a role in setting up the Kadvibai Virani Kanya Vidyalaya at Rajkot in 1946 Just after independence, in 1947, it was Darbar Gopaldas who was given the honor to lay the foundation stone of the Kirti Mandir, Porbandar, the memorial of Mahatma Gandhi.
He was elected to the Constituent Assembly of India as a member from Baroda. Gopaldas regained his estates only after India's independence when Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru reinstated them to Gopaldas' family. He died in 1951.

</doc>
<doc id="36823651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823651" title="Australaria">
Australaria

Australaria is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Species.
Species within the genus "Australaria" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36823652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823652" title="Sergey Istomin">
Sergey Istomin

Sergey Istomin (born January 24, 1986) is a Kazakh weightlifter.
Biography.
He competed in Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 105 kg division finishing 8th with 406 kg. 
At the 2010 Asian Games he ranked 3rd in the 105 kg category, with a total of 396 kg.
He is Asian Champion - 2011 in the 105 kg category, with a total of 397 kg.
He is 5 ft 11 inches tall and weighs 231 lb.

</doc>
<doc id="36823660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823660" title="Charles C. Lips">
Charles C. Lips

Charles C. Lips (ca. 1835–1888), also known as C.C. Lips, was a member of the Los Angeles Common Council from the First Ward in 1877-78.
Lips was born in Stuttgart, Germany, about 1835 and "took his own life in a moment of insanity" in Napa, California, on August 4, 1888.
Lips, who was noted as "one of the substantial men of the city," came to L.A. from Philadelphia and worked as the manager of E. Martin & Co., a wholesale liquor house in the Baker Block. His wife's name was Mary E., and their son, Walter Lips, became city fire chief in 1905.
References.
Access to the "Los Angeles Times" links may require the use of a library card.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36823675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823675" title="936th Tactical Airlift Group">
936th Tactical Airlift Group

The 936th Tactical Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 442d Tactical Airlift Wing, based at Richards-Gebaur Air Force Base, Missouri. It was inactivated on 30 June 1974
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population.
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 936th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-124 Globemaster IIs for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of three C-124 groups assigned to the 442d TCW in 1963, the others being the 935th Troop Carrier Group, also at Richards-Gebaur AFB, Missouri, and the 937th Troop Carrier Group, at Tinker AFB, Oklahoma.
The group flew overseas missions, particularly to the Far East and Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War. In 1971, the group began phasing out the C-124 and by 1972, had fully transitioned to the C-130 Hercules.
Inactivated in 1974 as part of the post-Vietnam War drawdown, its squadron being assigned directly to the 442d TCW.

</doc>
<doc id="36823684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823684" title="Goran Dime">
Goran Dime

Goran Dime is a Serbian tenor. He launched his career in 2004 when he also had his international debut. The specific color of his voice determined his path of a concert soloist. He broadened his repertoire of a classical opera singer in 2011 embarking on a new project "Classic pop", the first of a kind in ex-Yugoslavia.
Biography.
Despite completing his musical education early, Goran Dime had a long path of seeking for music ahead. After finishing high school, and two years of successful business studies, he found himself in the acting career. Finally, in 1993 Gaetano Bardini, a renowned Italian tenor, accepted Dime in his private singing school in Tuscany.
Upon return to Serbia, Dime worked with highly recognized voice teachers such as soprano Radmila Smiljanić and mezzo-soprano Biserka Cvejić, but Professor Olivera Jovanovic set him as a singer in the professional scene.
Even the beginning of his career was out of the ordinary; his debut concert in Belgrade had two reprises. After the concert in France and several concerts in Belgrade, from 2004 to 2006, Dime got a new chance to perform at the celebrated Glenn Gould Studio in Toronto in September 2006. He returned to Belgrade with a live recording.
From 2007 to 2011 he performed in France, Switzerland, Croatia, Montenegro and Canada.
In September 2011, Dime presented his new program "Songs of Francesco Tosti" to the audience in Toronto. With this program he performed in front of the audience at the Ilija Kolarac Foundation Concert Hall in Belgrade in November 2011.
The concert “Dream II” was held on November 3, 2012 at the Grand Hall of the Kolarac Foundation. Dime performed for the first time classic and pop program in the popular classic pop genre.
First pop performance.
Dime’s first pop appearance brought him a prize. It was before his career as a tenor. He performed the composition "Why do you need me" with the band "Night Birds" at the pop festival “Sunny staircases” in Herceg Novi, Montenegro and won the Prince prize for the best duet of the year (2003).
Classic Pop project.
In 2011, Dime released his first pop single "My Love"; it was the beginning of the "Classic Pop" project. In 2012, he completed the recording of the song "The Good and the Bad" with rock star Zvonimir Djukić from the band Van Gogh and continued working on his first pop CD.

</doc>
<doc id="36823687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823687" title="Gun Law (1938 film)">
Gun Law (1938 film)

Gun Law is a 1938 film. It made a profit of $47,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36823698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823698" title="Cleeve Common">
Cleeve Common

Cleeve Common () is a biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1974.
It lies in the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and is on Cleeve Hill. There is a golf course on the site and part of the site is registered as a Common. The site is on Jurassic limestones on the top of the Cotswold scarp. It is north-east of Cheltenham. It is a large site and is important for its biology and geology.
Biological interest.
There are several types of grassland within the site and their origination is dependent upon aspect, soil, grazing intensity and how areas of the Common have been managed. The site supports several species of rare orchid such as the Bee Orchid, the Frog Orchid and the Musk Orchid. Spoil and scree from disused quarries provide conditions for plants which grow in more open habitats.
The site supports a wide range of invertebrates. These include butterflies such as the Dark Green Fritillary, Grayling and Marsh Fritillary. The rare snail "Abide secale" is recorded.
Geological interest.
The "Bouguetia" and "phillipsiana" beds of the upper Middle Inferior Oolite are confined to a very limited outcrop on Cleeve Common. These units, which have distinctive fossil faunas of bivalves, gastropods and brachiopods, are only visible at Rolling Bank Quarry. These outcrops are thus unique and are considered the only examples of part of the Middle Jurassic, Bajocian, time interval in Britain. The Inferior Oolite hill top of Postlip Warren shows the best example of "ridge and trough" features.
Pot Quarry and Rolling Bank Quarry are listed in the ‘Tewkesbury Borough Local Plan to 2011’, adopted March 2006, Appendix 3 'Nature Conservation', as a Regionally Important Geological Site (RIGS). The Cleeve Cloud Fault Section is also so designated.

</doc>
<doc id="36823707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823707" title="Joe Chalmers">
Joe Chalmers

Joe Chalmers (born 3 January 1994) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a left back for Scottish Premiership club Celtic. He has, to date, made 2 first appearances for Celtic. He spent a short loan spell with Scottish Championship side Falkirk in 2014.
Career.
Celtic.
A member of the club's under-20 side on 25 August 2012, he made his senior debut for the club, coming on as an 76th minute substitute in a Scottish Premier League match against Inverness Caledonian Thistle, replacing Emilio Izaguirre.
Falkirk.
On 31 January 2014, Chalmers signed for Falkirk on loan until the end of the 2013–14 season. Chalmers made his Falkirk debut at left-back in a 2-0 defeat to Queen of the South at Palmerston Park on 8th February 2014. In his spell at Falkirk, he made a total of 11 appearances. He was unfortunately injured for The Bairns Scottish Premiership Play-Off campaign, meaning his last appearance came in a 3-1 home win against Alloa on 3rd May 2014. Afterwards, he returned to his parent club, Celtic.

</doc>
<doc id="36823724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823724" title="Viridifusus">
Viridifusus

Viridifusus is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Species.
Species within the genus "Viridifusus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36823727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823727" title="Lucky Devils (1933 film)">
Lucky Devils (1933 film)

Lucky Devils is a 1933 film about group of Hollywood stuntmen and their dangerous daredevil stunt work, starring William Boyd as "Skipper Clark," and features an early appearance by Lon Chaney Jr..
Production.
The film is based on an original story written by real life stuntman Bob Rose and is noteworthy for being produced by David O. Selznick and Merian C. Cooper, who would work together on 1933's groundbreaking "King Kong".
Reception.
The film ended up making a profit of $65,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36823731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823731" title="937th Tactical Airlift Group">
937th Tactical Airlift Group

The 937th Tactical Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 442d Tactical Airlift Wing, based at Tinker AFB, Oklahoma. It was inactivated on 20 May 1972.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population.
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 937th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-124 Globemaster IIs for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of three C-124 groups assigned to the 442d TCW in 1963, the others being the 935th, and 936th Troop Carrier Group at Richards-Gebaur AFB, Missouri.
The group flew overseas missions, particularly to the Far East and Southeast Asia during the Vietnam War. In 1972 the group was inactivated as part of the retirement of the Globemaster II, being one of the last USAF units to fly the C-124.

</doc>
<doc id="36823740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823740" title="I-Team">
I-Team

i-Team (the Internet Team / The Internet Cyclists' Club) is a non-commercial cycling club, affiliated to British Cycling, Cycling Time Trials, Surrey League. i-Team is Go-Ride accredited and its members organise the weekly Portsmouth School of Cycle Racing, helping young riders develop and progress in the sport of cycling.
i-Team's mission is to offer an accessible and friendly gateway into the world of club cycling and pool knowledge, information & resources, to help members progress their cycling as far as they want to go. i-Team was founded by Guy Watson with 10 members from the Portsmouth Area in 2003 and membership now includes around 150 cyclists throughout the U. K. and Worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="36823747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823747" title="Tsvetelin Tonev">
Tsvetelin Tonev

Tsvetelin Tonev (; born 3 January 1992 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian footballer. He currently plays as a midfielder for Montana on loan from Levski Sofia.
Career.
Botev Plovdiv.
Tonev is a youth player of Botev Plovdiv. On 22 August 2009, he made his first team debut against OFC Sliven 2000 on 22 August, coming on as a 80th minute substitute in the 3-0 lost.
Levski Sofia.
In 2011 Tonev joined Levski Sofia. He make him team debut against Lokomotiv Plovdiv on 06.05.12, coming on as a 85th minute substitute in the 3-2 lost.He make and debut in Europa League as a substitute in 2nd match of Levski in 2nd qualification round.

</doc>
<doc id="36823754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823754" title="Marshal of Mesa City">
Marshal of Mesa City

Marshal of Mesa City is a 1939 Western film. It made a profit of $41,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36823772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823772" title="Ben Davies (footballer, born 1993)">
Ben Davies (footballer, born 1993)

Benjamin Thomas "Ben" Davies (born 24 April 1993) is a Welsh international footballer who plays as a defender for Swansea City in the Premier League.
Club career.
After spending time with the youth ranks and signing a new two-year contract with Swansea City of the Premier League, Davies made his first-team debut against West Ham United on 25 August 2012, coming on as an 84th minute substitute for Neil Taylor in a 3–0 home win. 
Davies became a regular starter for Swansea in the 2012–13 season following a long term injury to first choice left back Neil Taylor. 
On 23 November 2012, Davies signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Swansea. 
On 19 January 2013, Davies scored his first goal for Swansea against Stoke City in a 3-1 victory. In doing so he became Swansea's youngest ever scorer in the Premier League. In September 2013, he scored his second and third Premier League goals for Swansea, against West Brom and Arsenal respectively.
On 24 December 2013, Davies signed a one-year contract extension, keeping him at Swansea until June 2017.
International career.
In September 2012 Davies was selected for the Wales national football team squad for 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification matches in September 2012. He replaced club teammate Neil Taylor, who had suffered a serious injury in a Premier League match against Sunderland. He made his full international debut in the 2–1 win against Scotland on 12 October 2012.
Honours.
Swansea City

</doc>
<doc id="36823781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823781" title="International Gay and Lesbian Aquatics Association">
International Gay and Lesbian Aquatics Association

The International Gay & Lesbian Aquatics Association (known as IGLA) is the international governing body for gay and lesbian aquatics clubs, representing the sports of swimming, diving, synchronised swimming, water polo, and open water swimming.
Member clubs are from 16 countries, with the majority of clubs in the United States and Canada. Current co-presidents of the association are Scott Kohanowski (of Team New York Aquatics) and Gareth Johnson (of Out to Swim London).
IGLA is one of the key organisations involved in the running of the Gay Games, which are held every four years. In years in which the Gay Games are not held, IGLA holds an international competition open to its member clubs.
Championships.
The host cities for the championships have been:

</doc>
<doc id="36823824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823824" title="Casa Fenoglio-Lafleur">
Casa Fenoglio-Lafleur

Casa Fenoglio-Lafleur (or Fenoglio-Lafleur house) is an historical building in the Art Nouveau (Stile Liberty) style in Turin, Italy.
It is situated in the "San Donato" borough, a central area with the most significant architecture of Stile Liberty and New Gothic in Turin. The building was designed in 1902 by building engineer Pietro Fenoglio who made it his private residence. "Casa Fenoglio-Lafleur". 
History.
After it was built Pietro Fenoglio and his family left the house and sold it to French businessman Lafleur, who lived there until his death. After that, the heirs left the whole house to "La Benefica", an important orphanage charitable association in Turin. It was saved from bombing in the second world war. The building suffered years of decline but in the 1990s was sold to privates who restored it carefully and given back the original splendour. At the moment the building is partially appointed to private residence and offices. 
Description.
The building is located on the edge of the old town and is spread over three floors above ground, plus the attic floor. A privileged location is characterized by angular momentum along the axis of "corso Francia", at "via Principi d'Acaja", where will find the main entrance and driveway access to the inner garden. 
Fenoglio designed the building as his home, according to the French style, such as "home-studio" which favoured the maximum freedom of expression of their creative talent, concealing a probable intent to create first an aesthetic model, at the heart of the glorious season of Liberty in Turin.
Although the structure is characterised by a rather traditional setting typical of a bourgeois, the building is an excellent and balanced example of combined use of materials. The decoration is very rich, abundant and references art nouveau with frequently phytomorphic shapes. The latter constitutes the connection element between the two wings of the building and is embellished with a pronounced bow-window with polychrome glazing which exhibits a mixture of wrought iron. 
The winding trend is nicely presented in elegant glass newsstand line above the balcony, which seems to mention explicitly the Parisian sinuosity of Hector Guimard. The latter was restored under the careful restoration carried out in the 1990s, which has brought the entire building to the original splendour. The work of Fenoglio, here more than ever, seems refreshingly unaffected by the school of French and Belgian Art Nouveau, not only for the careful stylistic coherence but also the ambition to give the building an international connotation.
This primary urge which prompted Pietro Fenoglio to devote himself personally designing every detail: from the drawing of frame chassis, sought relief in shaped-cement, without neglecting the splendid inner door that gives access to the main entrance, the wooden frames of doors, rather than the singular design of cast iron radiators.

</doc>
<doc id="36823827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823827" title="Any Other Side">
Any Other Side

Any Other Side is a 2012 Chinese horror film directed by Fang Yaxi.
Plot.
Are the six people living in their dreaming stories? Or are they only characters in Dean's comic? Are there any boundaries between reality and fantasy? Who is the dominator of the stories?

</doc>
<doc id="36823832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823832" title="Sir Joseph Murray, 3rd Baronet">
Sir Joseph Murray, 3rd Baronet

Sir Joseph Murray, 3rd Baronet and 1st Count Murray (6 August 1718 – 5 June 1802) was a soldier of Scottish descent.
He was born at Tournai, the son of Robert Murray, a general in the Dutch States Army. He served as colonel of the Los Rios Regiment in the Austrian service, and as an Imperial chamberlain. For his courage at the Battle of Breslau in 1757 and the Battle of Hochkirch in 1758 he was made a Knight of the Order of Maria Theresa on 23 January 1760. On 16 September 1760 he was created a Baron of the Netherlands ("Baron aux Pays Bas") and on 25 November 1761 the Emperor Francis I created him a Count of the Holy Roman Empire as "Graf von Murray", with remainder to the heirs male of his body.
In March 1736 Joseph Murray had succeeded his cousin Sir Alexander Murray, 2nd Baronet to the baronetcy of Melgund in Forfarshire, though not to the estates. However, he did not assume the title until 28 March 1771, when he was served heir-male.
Count Murray was commander-in-chief of the Austrian army in the Austrian Netherlands from 1781 to 1787, being created Count Murray de Melgum in the Austrian Netherlands on 19 March 1783. He also acted as plenipotentiary of the Austrian Netherlands "ad interim" from 19 July to 27 October 1787. He died at Vienna.
Count Murray left five daughters, one of whom, Christina Teresa, married James Ogilvy, 7th Earl of Findlater, and a son, Joseph Albert Murray (26 August 1774 – 6 February 1848), who succeeded as 4th Baronet and 2nd Count. He was a major-general in the Imperial Army, and died without male issue, when all his Imperial and Belgian honours became extinct and the baronetcy became dormant.

</doc>
<doc id="36823834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823834" title="The Zürau Aphorisms">
The Zürau Aphorisms

The Zürau Aphorisms () are 109 aphorisms of Franz Kafka, written from September 1917 to April 1918 and published by his friend Max Brod in 1931, after his death. They are selected from his writing in Zürau in West Bohemia (now Siřem in the community of Blšany) where he stayed with his sister Ottla, suffering from tuberculosis. His friend Max Brod titled the book them "Betrachtungen über Sünde, Hoffnung, Leid und den wahren Weg" (Reflections on Sin, Hope, Suffering, and the True Way).
Origin.
After he was diagnosed with tuberculosis in August 1917, in order to recover, Kafka moved for a few months to the Bohemian village of Zürau, where his sister Ottla worked on the farm of her brother-in-law Hermann. He felt very comfortable there and later described his time there as perhaps the best in his life, probably because he had no responsibilities to work, parents and women.
Kafka had decided not to do literary work there. However, he kept diaries and "Oktavhefte". From the notes in these books Kafka extracted 109 numbered pieces of text on "Zettel", single pieces of paper in no given order. These aphorisms were first published in 1931 by Kiepenheuer & Witsch, under the title Brod had chosen: "Betrachtungen über Sünde, Hoffnung, Leid und den wahren Weg" (Reflections on Sin, Hope, Suffering, and the True Way).
Content.
The aphorisms are strict reflections on metaphysical topics, dealing with good and evil, truth and falsehood, alienation and redemption, death and paradise. They are Kafka's only texts dealing directly with theological issues. The philosophical reflections are inspired by the world of ideas of Schopenhauer, namely "Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung", as well as Kierkegaard's interpretations of the fall of man.
The individual aphorisms are not related to each other; some have a narrative character, others present images or parables.
Reception.
Peter-André Alt notes in his biography: "Again, the negative dimension of Kafka's life term is visible, which remains supported by the view that the individual must inevitably be caught up in self-deception, lies and deceit, if it seeks to improve its earthly situation."
Reiner Stach remarks: "Much remains fragmentary: again and again, scattered sentences that trail off into nothingness, between them formulations that erupt like aphorisms, imagistic and compelling, once more interrupted by searching motions, diffuse and breaking off unmediated — which Kafka rigidly separates from each other with slashes."
In a review of a 2012 edition of facsimiles of the Zürau Aphorisms, Friedmann Apel sees wording similar to the later novel "The Castle", which seems often to be addressing Kafka's father. He quotes the aphorism printed first in Brod's book: "Der wahre Weg geht über ein Seil, das nicht in der Höhe gespannt ist, sondern knapp über dem Boden. Es scheint mehr bestimmt stolpern zu machen als begangen zu werden." (The true way goes via a rope, which is suspended not high up but just above the ground. It seems designed more to make one stumble than to be walked.) He points out, that right after evoking an artist on his way to truth, full of danger, Kafka turns to the small scale, even to humor. Apel sees here and in other aphorisms refined deconstructions of certainties ("raffinierte Dekonstruktionen von Gewissheiten").

</doc>
<doc id="36823837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823837" title="Gridiron Flash">
Gridiron Flash

Gridiron Flash is a 1934 film. It made a profit of $43,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36823839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823839" title="Frank Mussell">
Frank Mussell

Air Marshal Frank Walter Mussell CLM (born 31 May 1932) is a retired commander of the now defunct Rhodesian Air Force and of the Air Force of Zimbabwe.
Frank Walter Mussell was born on 31 May 1932 in Salisbury (now Harare) in Southern Rhodesia. After schooling in Rhodesia and the United Kingdom, Mussell briefly worked as a clerk before joining the Southern Rhodesia Air Force in 1952. After two years of pilot training Mussell was granted a permanent commission and appointed to be aide-de-camp to Sir Robert Tredgold, the Chief Justice and acting governor of Southern Rhodesia. After this tour Mussell trained on the de Havilland Vampire jet fighter and was involved in ferrying Vampires from the UK to Rhodesia. In 1961 he was promoted to squadron leader and appointed to command No. 5 Squadron.
In 1963 Mussell returned to the UK to attend the RAF Staff College, Bracknell. On completion of his staff training he served at the Rhodesia Air Force headquarters in the operations branch before gaining a promotion to wing commander and taking up appointment as the Director of Plans (Air) on the Rhodesian Joint Planning Staff. In 1966 Mussell was sent to Lisbon, Portugal where he joined the Rhodesian Diplomatic Mission as the First Secretary (Political). He returned to Rhodesia at the end of 1967 to take up post as the Officer Commanding RRAF Thornhill with a promotion to group captain. On completion of his time at Thornhill, Mussell returned to Air Force headquarters as the Senior Air Staff Officer. Thereafter he was appointed Director of Administration.
On promotion to air commodore Mussell was appointed Director-General Operations. In 1973 he was promoted again to air vice-marshal and appointed Air Force Chief of Staff. Four years later Mussell was appointed to Commander of the Rhodesian Air Force in the rank of air marshal, succeeding Air Marshal 'Mick' McLaren. Mussell held the senior Rhodesian Air Force appointment until 1981 during which time Zimbabwe gained its independence and the air force was renamed the Air Force of Zimbabwe. Mussell was replaced by Air Marshal Norman Walsh, Robert Mugabe's appointee.

</doc>
<doc id="36823840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823840" title="George &amp; Alana">
George &amp; Alana

George & Alana (also called The George & Alana Show or G&A) is an American daytime talk show that aired in broadcast syndication from September 18, 1995 to March 29, 1996. After the last episode aired on March 29, 1996, WCBS-TV, at the 9AM timeslot, continued to air reruns of this show until the following September, when that station replaced the show by "The Gordon Elliott Show" in the 9AM timeslot for that show's final season after moving from WNYW. Featuring George Hamilton and Alana Stewart as co-hosts, it was similar to "Live with Regis & Kathie Lee" in many ways, with co-hosts, guests announced at the beginning of the show, and various hosting areas. The show was produced and distributed by Rysher Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="36823854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823854" title="G&amp;A">
G&amp;A

G&A might refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36823865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823865" title="The Candy Apple News Company">
The Candy Apple News Company

The Candy Apple News Company was a locally produced children's television series that aired in the 1970s and 1980s on WCAU-TV, Channel 10 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In the show, a small human cast interacted with puppets in a radio and newspaper office. The principal human cast member was Matt Robinson, who had previously played Gordon on "Sesame Street". Each episode was a half-hour of skits, short educational films, and other produced pieces.

</doc>
<doc id="36823869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823869" title="Demeter Naprágyi">
Demeter Naprágyi

Demeter Naprágyi ("Náprágyi", "Napragyi", "Napraghy" or "Napragi"; 1564 – before 5 March 1619) was a Hungarian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, who served as bishop of several dioceses. He was the Archbishop of Kalocsa from 1608 to 1619. He also functioned as Chancellor of Transylvania between 1598 and 1600.
Life.
Naprágyi was born into a noble family from Gömör County (since the 18th century: Gömör és Kis-Hont County) and raised in the court of Bishop of Pécs Miklós Telegdi. He studied theology in Vienna with the aid of the bishop. After ordination, he became director of the Nagyszombat College (today: "Trnava, Slovakia"). He was appointed Canon of Esztergom by bishop István Radéczy in 1586. Two years later, he served as Grand Provost of Eger. He was the Provost of Arad between 1593 and 1596. He became Bishop of Szerém (Syrmia) in June 1596. He held the office of Bishop of Transylvania since May 1597.
He often worked as envoy of his King, Rudolf. He visited Sigismund III Vasa in 1598. He had also good relationship with Sigismund Báthory.
He was elected Chancellor of Transylvania in 1598, during the reign of Prince Andrew Báthory. He also held the position, when Michael the Brave marched into Transylvania. He was a supporter of the Báthory family, as a result he was banished from Transylvania by the Diet of Gyulafehérvár (today: "Alba Iulia, Romania") in January 1601. He carried the herma of Saint Ladislaus and his valuable book collection when left the principality. His episcopal property was seized by the diet.
From 1602, he was the Provost of Pozsony ("Pressburg"; today: "Bratislava, Slovakia"). He functioned as Bishop of Veszprém since August 1605 and as Bishop of Győr since December 1606. He was elected Archbishop of Kalocsa in 1608. After the death of Ferenc Forgách (1615), he applied for the position of Archbishop of Esztergom, but failed to reach success: Péter Pázmány, the significant person of the Hungarian Counter-Reformation, was elected head of the Hungarian Roman Catholic Church.

</doc>
<doc id="36823870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823870" title="Simon Pusey">
Simon Pusey

Simon Pusey (born 1986) is a British journalist and TV presenter employed by CCTV News.
Early life.
Simon grew up in Winchester and attended Winchester College. He graduated from the University of Bristol before completing a postgraduate diploma in broadcast journalism at Cardiff University.
Career.
He joined BBC Wales in 2009 as a broadcast journalist on the news programme "Wales Today". In 2010 Simon was appointed the Mid Wales Correspondent, reporting on TV, Radio and Online. In 2011 he joined Sky News working as a reporter for "5 News". A year later Simon became a presenter, anchoring the lunchtime and evening bulletins. He left in May 2013 to join CCTV News in Beijing as their main Sports Anchor.
Personal life.
He lives in Beijing.

</doc>
<doc id="36823890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823890" title="Charotar University of Science and Technology">
Charotar University of Science and Technology

Charotar University of Science and Technology – CHARUSAT is established under the Gujarat Act No. 8 of 2009, Government of Gujarat. University Grants Commission (UGC) has empowered CHARUSAT to award Degrees under Section 22 of UGC Act 1956. Earlier campus was known as Education Campus Changa till 2009.
History.
It was dream of two philanthropist, Late Mr.Chhotabhai Patel & Late Dr. K.C. Patel to establish a world class university in rural area so that people of that region can get advantage of higher education. Shri Charotar Moti Sattavis Patidar Kelvani Mandal is the college trust. Kelvani Mandal is a non profit organisation that solely focuses on imparting education and spreading knowledge. It is the inception of Kelvani Mandal that, knowledge is a tool that can bring social change in our society. Kelvani Mandal has established Education Campus - Anand to offer secondary school education in science stream named D.Z.Patel Higher Secondary School, Anand
Location.
Charotar is the region comprising Anand and Kheda districts of Gujarat. Charotar is widely recognized as the native place of great Indian freedom fighter and first home-minister of India late Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. The university is situated in a rural area. Accessible from Nadiad and Anand City. CHARUSAT Campus sprawls over 105 acres of land equipped with ultra modern facilities.
Current situation.
The official website of CHARUSAT states that: "The journey started in the year 2000, with only 240 students, 4 programs, 1 institute and an investment of Rs. 3 Crores. Whereas, today, there are 35 different UG and PG Programs with 4500 students enrolled in 7 different Institutes.There is also an R&D Centre conducting research in the emerging sciences like Nanotechnology, Biotechnology, etc. These development activities have an investment of Rs. 80 Crores (800 Million INR). Charusat was started in year 2000 with affiliation with Gujarat University, which continued until year 2007 then continued its affiliation with Gujarat Technological University until year 2009 and now under it is constituted as university under Government of Gujarat - Gujarat Act No. 8 of 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36823892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823892" title="The Dog Trick">
The Dog Trick

The Dog Trick (Swedish: Hundtricket – The Movie) is a 2002 Swedish romantic comedy film directed by Christian Eklöw and Christopher Panov. It stars Linus Wahlgren, Alexander Skarsgård and Josephine Bornebusch in the lead roles. Skarsgård received a Guldbagge Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor.

</doc>
<doc id="36823897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823897" title="In Person (film)">
In Person (film)

In Person is a 1935 film starring Ginger Rogers. It made a profit of $147,000. It is about Miss Carol Corliss, a beautiful movie star so insecure about her fame, that she goes around in disguise. She later meets a rugged outdoorsman who is unaffected by her star status.

</doc>
<doc id="36823903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823903" title="Shi to Kanojo to Boku">
Shi to Kanojo to Boku


</doc>
<doc id="36823908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823908" title="Lugubrilaria">
Lugubrilaria

Lugubrilaria is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Species.
Species within the genus "Lugubrilaria" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36823910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823910" title="Ghost Valley">
Ghost Valley

Ghost Valley is a 1932 film starring Tom Keene. It made a profit of $20,000.

</doc>
<doc id="36823920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823920" title="Tods Murray">
Tods Murray

Tods Murray LLP WS is a mid-tier Scottish commercial legal firm with offices in Edinburgh and Glasgow and 2011 turnover of £13.1m, placing it at number 144 in "The Lawyer" magazine's list of the two hundred largest UK firms. The firm has thirty-four partners, of whom eight are women. The Chairman since October 2010 is Graham Burnside.
Practice.
The firm's practice areas include Banking and Finance, Bribery Consultancy, Charity Law, Construction, Corporate, Employment, Environment and Climate Change, Family, Hospitality and Leisure, IT/IP/Media, Litigation and Dispute Resolution, Planning and Development, Private Client, Projects, Real Estate, Recovery and Insolvency, Renewable Energy, Residential Property, Rural Property and Business, Social Housing, Sports Law, and Tax.
It is rated by legal directory Chambers and Partners as a Band 1 firm for Media & Entertainment and Partnership, and Band 2 for Banking & Finance and Healthcare, and by Legal500 as a first tier firm in Technology, Media & Telecoms, and as a second tier firm for Social Housing and for Edinburgh and Glasgow Commercial Property.
Locations.
The firm has its head office in the Edinburgh Quay development between Lochrin and Fountainbridge in Edinburgh, and an office on Bothwell Street in the centre of Glasgow. Unlike other firms of its size, it does not have an office in London.
History.
The 'Tods' of the name is a plural, the firm having begun life in 1856 as the partnership of John Tod WS and his son John Robert Tod WS, along with Thomas Graham Murray WS and Andrew Jamieson SSC. The firm's original name was Tods Murray & Jamieson. Thomas Murray was in fact married to Caroline Tod, the daughter of the elder John Tod. Murray's son, Andrew Murray, 1st Viscount Dunedin, became Secretary of State for Scotland (1903-05), Lord President (1905-13) and a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary (1913-32). Of the four partners, three were Writers to the Signet while one was a Solicitor in the Supreme Courts, and the firm remains a WS firm to this day, in that at least half of its partners are Writers to the Signet.
The firm was based for over one hundred years on Edinburgh's Queen Street, a popular area for solicitors' firms, but moved in 2005 to the new Edinburgh Quay development in the city's regenerated Fountainbridge business district. In 1999, it opened an additional office in Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="36823926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823926" title="Josselyn &amp; Taylor">
Josselyn &amp; Taylor

Josselyn & Taylor was an architectural firm in Iowa.
Eugene Hartwell Taylor (1853–1924) was associated with the firm from 1882 to 1924. Taylor was an 1876 graduate of Grinnell College and also studied at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
A number of its works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="36823942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823942" title="Coaley Wood Quarries">
Coaley Wood Quarries

Coaley Wood Quarries () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1974. 
The quarries lie within the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The site is listed in the ‘Stroud District’ Local Plan, adopted November 2005, Appendix 6 (online for download) as an SSSI and as a Regionally Important Geological Site (RIGS).
Geology.
The site is abundant with fossils of Lower Jurassic age in the stratum called the "Cephalopod bed". There are particularly good examples of ammonites which allow greater accuracy in dating the rocks. The ammonites present indicate that the strata are of early striatulum Subzone age. The sunken lane cuttings provide exposures of the underlying Cotswold Sand Formation and a thin, isolated sandstone layer contains rare ammonites called Haugia.

</doc>
<doc id="36823950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823950" title="Morrill Hall (Iowa State University)">
Morrill Hall (Iowa State University)

Morrill Hall on the campus of Iowa State University is a historic building that now houses the Christian Petersen Art Museum.
It was named for Justin Smith Morrill, who created the Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act. Construction was completed in 1891 with less than $30,000. Morrill Hall was originally constructed to fill the capacity of a library, museum, and chapel. These original uses are engraved in the exterior stonework on the east side.
It was vacated starting in 1996 when it was determined unsafe. Also in 1996, Morrill Hall was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. In 2005, $9 million was raised to renovate the building and convert it into a museum. Morill Hall has reopened as of March 2007, including the new Christian Petersen Art Museum.
The building has 27,172 square feet.

</doc>
<doc id="36823970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823970" title="Neal Herbert Hardy">
Neal Herbert Hardy

Neal Herbert Hardy (born 1934) is a businessman and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada. He represented Kelsey-Tisdale from 1980 to 1991 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Progressive Conservative.
He was born in Hudson Bay, Saskatchewan and worked for the Canadian National Railway, as well as owning and operating several businesses. Hardy was elected to the provincial assembly in a 1980 by-election held after John Rissler Messer resigned his seat. He served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of the Environment and as Minister of Rural Development. Hardy was defeated by Andrew Renaud when he ran for reelection in 1991. He served on the council for the rural municipality of Hudson Bay and was president of the Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities from 2002 to 2005. In 2009, he was named chairperson of the Saskatchewan Assessment Management Agency board of directors.

</doc>
<doc id="36823977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823977" title="Majid Khodaei">
Majid Khodaei

Majid Khodaei (, born 26 August 1978 in Mashhad) is an Iranian wrestler.
Other Tournaments.
He participated at the following other tournaments:

</doc>
<doc id="36823979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823979" title="Base change map">
Base change map

In mathematics, the base change map relates the direct image and the pull-back of sheaves. More precisely, it is the following natural transformation of sheaves:
where formula_2 are continuous maps between topological spaces that form a Cartesian square and formula_3 is a sheaf on "X".
In general topology, the map is an isomorphism under some mild technical conditions. An analogous result holds for étale cohomologies (with topological spaces replaced by sites), though more difficult. See proper base change theorem.
General topology.
If "X" is a Hausdorff topological space, "S" is a locally compact Hausdorff space and "f" is universally closed (i.e., formula_4 is closed for any continuous map formula_5), then
the base change map is an isomorphism. Indeed, we have: for formula_6,
and so for formula_8
Derivation.
Since formula_10 is left adjoint to formula_11, we have:
and so 
The Grothendieck spectral sequence then gives the first map and the last map (they are edge maps) in:
Combining this with the above we get
Again using the adjoint relation we get the desired map.

</doc>
<doc id="36823988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823988" title="Granolaria">
Granolaria

Granolaria is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Species.
Species within the genus "Granolaria" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36823990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823990" title="Linus Wahlgren">
Linus Wahlgren

Linus Carl Henrik Wahlgren (born 10 September 1976) is a Swedish actor. He is the son of Christina Schollin and Hans Wahlgren and brother to actors and singers Pernilla and Niclas Wahlgren.

</doc>
<doc id="36823998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36823998" title="John Bradford Moore">
John Bradford Moore

John Bradford Moore was a trader who established a post at Crystal, New Mexico at the western end of the Narbona Pass, where he developed the manufacture of Navajo Blankets for sale in the United States.
Origins.
John Bradford Moore was of Irish origin.
He was born in June 1855 in Texas, possible in Cass County.
John Bradford Moore of Crook County, Wyoming marrying Marion A. E. Cooney on 27 Mar 1887.
Mary Anne Cooney was born on 12 February 1864 in Liverpool England, and died on 20 September 1917 in LaFeria, Texas.
John B. Moore was mayor of Sheridan, Wyoming in 1892.
The Moores had one child, Eunice Moore, born in Wyoming on 23 Feb 1894.
Trader.
Moore arrived at Narbona Pass in 1896 and bought the trading site, which until then had been open seasonally without permanent buildings.
Moore cut timber in the mountains and hauled it down to build a log trading post, which he stocked with supplies carted from the rail head in Gallup. 
He named his establishment the Crystal Trading Post.
Moore wrote of the trading post in 1911, "it is also our mission here to buy any and everything the Navajo has to sell ... to sell him in turn ... everything, in fact, that he has need for."
During the winter months, Moore employed Navajo weavers to make rugs. 
He ensured that the wool and the weaving was good quality, and created designs of his own, quickly gaining a reputation as a source of good quality rugs.
He would buy local wool, but send it for mechanical cleaning and carding to eastern woolen mills.
The mills would also dye some of the wool in blue or black.
Moore would issue the dyed wool, along with undyed gray and brown wool, to the most skilled weavers.
In a break with tradition, Moore had the sixteen or so weavers who worked for him repeat the same design again and again.
In a 1910 article, Moore noted that many excellent weavers were under twenty years old, and often the older women suffered from trachoma or other problems with their eyes that prevented them from producing good quality rugs.
He paid low wages. Talking of the weaver's life, he said, "there is no more dismal wage proposition than her remuneration for her part in the industry. Given any other paying outlet for her labor, there would very soon be no such thing as a blanket industry ... it is her one and only way of earning money."
Moore's business flourished, and in 1903 and in 1911 he published mail-order catalogs, drawing business from across the United States. 
In his 1903 catalog, Moore made much of the authenticity of his products. The catalog included photographs of the interior and exterior of the trading post and the land around it, and of Navajo people, outdoor looms and hogans.
He said: "While this booklet makes no claim of being a pioneer in its field, I think it may claim to be the first of its kind published and distributed from the very center of the Navajo Indian Reservation, by an Indian trader living among and dealing directly with the Indans who makes the goods which it illustrates and describes."
Moore left the reservation in 1911 due to a scandal.
He sold the post to his manager, Jesse A. Molohon.
Molohon continued to introduce complex non-Navajo styles that probably drew on Oriental rug designs.
Rug design.
Around the turn of the century there was great demand for oriental rugs, 
so Moore developed simplified oriental patterns for his weavers.
Moore understood what the market in the eastern United States would value, and in his catalog stressed the use of natural materials and primitive technology. Despite this, he introduced production-line techniques, and had no problem with using machine-produced yarns with synthetic dyes. When it was too obvious that the materials were commercial, Moore made a point of the authenticity of the spiritual qualities of the works.
Moore had considerable influence in the development of Navajo rugs as a form of art.
Both the Two Gray Hills and the Crystal styles of rug evolved from Moore's designs.
Until the 1930s the Crystal rugs were bordered, with a central design woven in natural colors, sometimes with some red.
After this, the style changed to banded rugs with distinctive "wavy" lines made by alternating weft strands in two or three different colors. A typical new-style Crystal rug will alternate groups of two or three wavy or solid lines with broader bands decorated with patterns representing squash blossoms or geometrical motifs. The newer rugs are woven in muted colors such as rust, rich brown and grey, but may include pastel colors.
References.
Notes
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36824009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824009" title="2012 Città di Como Challenger">
2012 Città di Como Challenger

The 2012 Città di Como Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the seventh edition of the tournament which was part of the 2012 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Como, Italy between 27 August and 2 September 2012.
Singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry as an alternate into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

</doc>
<doc id="36824016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824016" title="2012 Città di Como Challenger – Singles">
2012 Città di Como Challenger – Singles

Pablo Carreño-Busta was the defending champion but decided not to participate.<br>
Andreas Haider-Maurer won the title by defeating João Sousa 6–3, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36824033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824033" title="Government of India Building">
Government of India Building

GOI Building (Also known as Government of India Building) is a high-rise located in Kolkata, India. It is located on AJC Bose Road.It is one of the Tallest Building in Kolkata.
Details.
GOI Building is one of the most important buildings in the city. It is a commercial building and was built in 1978 inside Nizam Complex by Government of India. This building comprises a total of 20 floors. It houses numerous Government of India offices like CBI, FCI and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="36824041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824041" title="Thilaadanam">
Thilaadanam

Thiladaanam (The Rite... A Passion) was a 2002 Telugu drama film directed by K.N.T. Sastry. The film stars Tanikella Bharani.

</doc>
<doc id="36824043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824043" title="Sukhrangpha">
Sukhrangpha

Sukhrangpha was the king of Ahom kingdom from 1332 CE to 1364 CE. He had to face the revolt led by his youngest brother Chao Pulai or Tai Sulai (there are confusion in Ahom historians whether Chao Pulai and Tai Sulai were same or different personality. Eventually he came in terms with Chao Pulai (or Tai Sulai) by appointing him as Charing Raja, a newly created official post to administer the region of Charing. Later the post of Charing Raja was usually conferred to the heir apparent to the throne. It can be compared with the title of Prince of Wales of England, where the heir apparent to the throne was conferred with this title.
Ancestry and Accession.
Sukhranphaa was the eldest son of Ahom king Sukhaangphaa’s four sons. After the death of his father, Sukhrangpha ascended the throne as the king of Ahom kingdom.
Reign.
At the onset of his reign, Sukhrangpha faced a serious threat from his youngest brother Chao Pulai (or Tai Sulai). Chao Pulai hatched a conspiracy to overthrow the regime of Sukhrangpha. The plot was detected, and Chao Pulai, being the son of Kamata princess Bhajani (some account says Rajani) fled to Kamata kingdom. The king of Kamata being the uncle of Chao Pulai came to his aid. Chao Pulai gathered his supporters and along with troops sent by his uncle, the king of Kamata, marched against Sukhranphaa. Sukhrangpha was alarmed with these developments. He already received intelligence that his regime was unpopular among certain sections of people and also he was not sure regarding the loyalty of his troops. Sukhrangpha, therefore, avoided confrontation and reconciled with Chao Pulai. He appointed Chao Pula as the Charing Raja, a newly created post to administer Charing, the tract around Joypur on the right bank of the Burhidihing river. During Ahom period in Assam, the heirs apparent to the throne were appointed as Charing Raja. The objective of this appointment was to let the prince gain some experience of administration, before finally ascending the throne.
According to some historical accounts, the conspiracy of Chao Pulai was instigated by Chaopang Banduk Borgohain, while others say that it was him, who had poisoned the king’s mind against Chao Pulai. But all agree that Chaopang Banduk Borgohain was the one to suffer, as he was dismissed from his office. His ultimate fate differ in different account, as some stated that Sukhrangpha had him executed for his crime while another account stated that Chaopang Banduk Borgohain escaped being put to death under the king’s orders by concealing himself until the affair had blown over and later he was subsequently forgiven and taken back into favour.
The remaining period of Sukhrangpha’s reign was peaceful and without any major events. Eminent Assamese historian Gunaviram Barua stated in his documents that Sukhranphaa expanded his kingdom towards the bank of Brahmaputra river by defeating the neighbouring tribal chieftains, who were unable to face his prowess.
Death.
Sukhrangpha died in 1364 CE after a reign of thirty two years. Accounts differ regarding the events followed by his death. While earlier accounts claimed that after the death of Sukhrangpha, his brother Sutuphaa ascended the throne, later historians Padmeshwar Gogoi and S. L. Baruah claimed that Sukhrangpha’s death was followed by a period of interregnum from 1364 CE to 1369 CE, before the nobles finally installed Sukhrangpha’s brother Sutuphaa on the throne. Dr. Romesh Buragohain wrote about the reason for the first interregnum as Sukhrangpha died with leaving a male heir to succeed him, the nobles took advantage of it and instead of inviting Sutuphaa to the throne, they went for an interregnum.

</doc>
<doc id="36824055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824055" title="The Gordon Elliott Show">
The Gordon Elliott Show

The Gordon Elliott Show is an American daytime tabloid talk show hosted by Australian journalist Gordon Elliott. It ran for three seasons in syndication from September 12, 1994 to September 5, 1997, and was produced by CBS Productions and distributed by 20th Television.

</doc>
<doc id="36824057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824057" title="1950 Texas Longhorns baseball team">
1950 Texas Longhorns baseball team

The 1950 Texas Longhorns baseball team represented the University of Texas in the 1950 NCAA baseball season. The Longhorns played their home games at Clark Field. The team was coached by Bibb Falk in his 8th season at Texas.
The Longhorns won the College World Series, defeating the in the championship game.
Awards and honors.
Ben Tomkins

</doc>
<doc id="36824061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824061" title="Russellville High School (Arkansas)">
Russellville High School (Arkansas)

Russellville High School is a comprehensive public high school established in 1893 serving the community of Russellville, Arkansas, United States. Located in Pope County and within the Russellville micropolitan area, Russellville High School is the sole high school managed by the Russellville School District and serves students in grades ten through twelve and its main feeder schools are Russellville Junior High School (grades 8-9) and Russellville Middle School (grades 6-7).
Curriculum.
The assumed course of study at Russellville High School is the Smart Core curriculum developed by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE). Russellville High School was first accredited by the North Central Association in 1945, followed by accreditation by AdvancED when the NCA unified with AdvancED starting in 2009-10. Students engage in regular and Advanced Placement (AP) coursework and exams to obtain at least 22 units before graduation. Exceptional students have been recognized as National Merit Finalists and participated in Arkansas Governor's School.
Students who qualify may seek participation in the Arkansas School for Mathematics, Sciences, and the Arts (ASMSA), Odyssey of the Mind, and student competitions and festivals beyond the local district. Russellville High School performs weekly character education sessions and was the first High School in Arkansas to offer an introductory course on World Religions, the school also promotes the Fine Arts.
Extracurricular activities.
The Russellville High School mascot is the cyclone and crimson and black serve as the school colors.
Athletics.
For the 2012-2014 seasons, the Russellville Cyclones participate in the state's second largest classification (6A) within the combined 6A/7A Central Conference. Competition is primarily sanctioned by the Arkansas Activities Association with the Cyclones competing in baseball, basketball (boys/girls), competitive cheer, cheer, cross country, competitive dance, dance, debate, football, golf (boys/girls), soccer (boys/girls), softball, speech, swimming (girls), tennis (boys/girls, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling.
The boys' track and field team has captured nine state championships between 1965 and 2012. In 2012, Russellville defeated Greenwood (25-22, 25-23, 25-17) to win the 6A State Volleyball Championship.
As of 2012, Paul White still holds the state-record in the shot put. Accomplishments include: 1973 - Class AAA State Champion Shot Put - 61' 5" (state class record), 1974 - Class AAA State Champion Shot Put - 65' 6" (state class record), Meet of Champions Shot Put winner - 65' 10" (overall state record), National High School Shot Put Champion - 69' 8", High School All-American
The 6A/7A Central Conference consists of:
Clubs and traditions.
RHS students have the opportunity to participate in various affinity groups including Student Council, National Honor Society, National Beta Club, Spanish National Honor Society, Société Honoraire de Français, Tri-M Music Honor Society, Renaissance Leadership Group, Fellowship of Christian Athletes (FCA), Christian Student Union, Interact, Science National Honor Society, DECA (Marketing), FBLA (Future Business Leaders of America), FCCLA (Future Career and Community Leaders of America), PEACE Club, Thespians, Outdoor Club, Quiz Bowl, Art Club, Young Democrats, Young Republicans, LARPING, Rodeo Club, and Photography Club.
Notable alumni.
The following are notable people associated with Russellville High School. If the person was a Russellville High School student, the number in parentheses indicates the year of graduation; if the person was a faculty or staff member, that person's title and years of association are included:

</doc>
<doc id="36824062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824062" title="Jeevan Sudha (Kolkata)">
Jeevan Sudha (Kolkata)

Jeevan Sudha (Also known as Jeevan Deep) is a high-rise located in Kolkata, India. It is located on Jawaharlal Nehru Road beside Tata Centre.
Details.
Jeevan Sudha is one of the landmarks in Chowringhee, the CBD of the city. It is a commercial building and was built in 1986 by Life Insurance Corporation of India. This building has 19 floors with a total height of . It has many offices of LIC, Banks like State Bank of India NRI Branch and other financial organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="36824063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824063" title="Kevin Benson">
Kevin Benson

Kevin Benson is a television meteorologist for WPXI in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He is a member of the National Weather Association and the American Meteorological Society, which has given him the AMS seal of approval. 
Benson was born in Brockway, Pennsylvania and graduated from Gannon University in Erie, Pennsylvania.
He held early radio jobs in Erie and DuBois, Pennsylvania, subsequently becoming a weather forecaster on Erie's WJET-TV. He then became a weekend-afternoon DJ at Pittsburgh's WTAE-AM. He joined WPXI, Pittsburgh's NBC affiliate, in September 1987 as part-time weatherman. In June 1990, he became a WPXI co-anchor on the Pittsburgh television market's first Saturday morning news program. The experiment was a success and the format was expanded to include Sunday mornings.
While working part-time at WPXI, Benson pursued a second career in beer sales. During the early 1980s, he worked for Stroh Brewery Company's Erie offices; he was a brand manager for Iron City Beer from 1984 to 1987; and from the late 1980s to the early 1990s, he helped rescue a struggling Anheuser-Busch wholesale distributor in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania. These jobs took him throughout every small town in Western Pennsylvania, allowing him to become intimately familiar with the geography of the region, a skill that aided him as a weatherman. 
Benson was described to have had his TV career's "defining moment" during the Blizzard of 1993, in which he and a co-anchor were on the air for most of an entire weekend. Co-workers were unable to get to the station to relieve them because of the snow-covered roads. Benson said the incident "really put me on the map".
In 1998, WPXI hired Benson full-time.
He graduated in 2003 from the meteorology training program at Mississippi State University, receiving a certificate in broadcast meteorology.
A "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" reporter criticized a 2006 WPXI gasoline giveaway presented by Benson because it allowed "commercialism to invade the bounds of the newscast".
After reporting the weather on weekends for almost all of his years at WPXI, the station moved Benson to weekday mornings in April 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36824065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824065" title="Kilburnia">
Kilburnia

Kilburnia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.
Species.
Species within the genus "Kilburnia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36824067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824067" title="Football at the Military World Games">
Football at the Military World Games

Association football, more commonly known as football or soccer, has been included Military World Games in 1995 as a men's competition sport. Women's football was added to the official program in 2007. The tournament is also a part of the World Military Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36824076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824076" title="Sutuphaa">
Sutuphaa

Sutuphaa was the king of Ahom kingdom from 1369 CE to 1376 CE after an interregnum, though historians differ regarding his year of accession, as some of them claim his year of accession was 1364. His reign was marked by conflicts with Sutiya Kingdom, which later resulted in his treacherous murder, by Sutiyas.
Ancestry and Accession.
Sutuphaa was the second son of Ahom king Sukhaangphaa. After the death of his father, his elder brother Sukhrangpha ascended the throne. After a reign of thirty-two years, Sukhrangpha died in 1364 CE. Historians differ from this point. While accounts of early historians stated that after the death of Sukhrangpha, his brother Sutuphaa directly ascended the throne in 1364 CE. But modern historians, Padmeswar Gogoi and S. L. Baruah stated that there was a period of interregnum after the death of Sukhrangpha, from 1364 CE and 1369 CE, thereby placing the year of Sutuphaa’s accession in 1369 CE.
Reign and Assassination.
Sutuphaa wanted to expand the territory of Ahom kingdom. This led to frequent conflicts with neighbouring Sutiya kingdom. Unable to defeat the Ahoms in battles, the Sutiyas resort to stratagem. They sent friendly messages to Sutuphaa and expressed their desire to reconcile with him. In 1376 CE, the Sutiya King visited Sutuphaa at Chapaguri, and, pretending to be reconciled, invited him to a regatta on the Safrai river. The Sutiya king enticed Sutuphaa on to his own barge without attendants, and there the Sutiyas treacherously murdered Sutuphaa. The Ahom soldiers accompanying Sutuphaa returned to the capital, bearing news of the unfortunate incident.
Interregnum.
After Sutuphaa’s death, there was no prince whom the Ahom nobles thought worthy of the throne, and so, for four years (1376–1380 CE), Chao Phrongdam Burhagohain and Taphrikhin Borgohain carried on the administration themselves. In 1380 CE, finding it difficult to govern the country without a king, the nobles raised Sutuphaa’s younger brother Tyao Khamti, the third son of Sukhaangphaa, to the throne.

</doc>
<doc id="36824079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824079" title="Raymond Rognoni">
Raymond Rognoni

Raymond Rognoni (Paris, 16 August 1892 – Paris, 26 September 1965) was a French actor and comedian. He worked in the theatre and in film (Sylvie et le fantôme, Les Enfants du Paradis), sometimes credited as Rognoni.
Biography.
Rognoni was born Roch Raymond Rognoni on 16 August 1892 in Paris. He worked for the Comédie-Française from 1922 to 1929.
He died 26 September 1965 in Paris. Rognoni was married to Jean Lorraine.

</doc>
<doc id="36824121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824121" title="Bill Fay (album)">
Bill Fay (album)

Bill Fay was the debut album of progressive folk singer Bill Fay released in 1970, by Deram Records. The album was re-released in 2005 with the addition of the 1967 single "Some Good Advice" and its B-side "Screams in the Ears".

</doc>
<doc id="36824132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824132" title="Hana no Zubora-Meshi">
Hana no Zubora-Meshi


</doc>
<doc id="36824139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824139" title="Rhoads-Lorah House and Barn">
Rhoads-Lorah House and Barn

Rhoads-Lorah House and Barn, also known as "Five Springs Farm," is a historic home and barn located in Amity Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It was built about 1830, and is a 2 1/2-story, five bay, limestone dwelling in the Georgian style. It measures 42 feet by 20 feet. It is attached to an earlier two-story, 17 feet by 17 feet, stone dwelling, making a "T"-shape. The stone barn was also built about 1830, and measures 66 feet by 41 feet. Also on the property are a contributing springhouse, drive-through corn crib, and machinery shed.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36824152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824152" title="Africolaria">
Africolaria

Africolaria is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies. Enemies of Aficolaria include cats, dogs, mice, and humans. 
Species.
Species within the genus "Africolaria" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36824177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824177" title="Suzukigun">
Suzukigun

History.
Kojimagun (2010–2011).
On December 12, 2010, Taichi returned to New Japan Pro Wrestling from his latest excursion to Mexican promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL), accompanying IWGP Heavyweight Champion Satoshi Kojima to a match, where he successfully defended his title against Shinsuke Nakamura. Kojima continued teaming with Taichi during the following week's events, and on December 23, the two were also joined by freelancer Nosawa Rongai and Kaientai Dojo's Taka Michinoku. On January 28, 2011, Kojima officially named the group "Kojimagun". On February 20 at The New Beginning, the debuting MVP became the fifth member of Kojimagun, in storyline being brought to the group by Nosawa using his American connections. However, prior to MVP's debut, Nosawa took a hiatus from professional wrestling altogether, after being arrested under suspicion of stealing a taxi.
Suzukigun (2011–present).
After losing the IWGP Heavyweight Championship to Hiroshi Tanahashi at Wrestle Kingdom V in Tokyo Dome, Kojima suffered another big loss against longtime rival Togi Makabe on May 3 at Wrestling Dontaku 2011. Following the match, Michinoku and Taichi entered the ring and attacked Kojima, who, however, quickly took care of both of them. This led to the surprise return of freelancer Minoru Suzuki, who appeared behind Kojima and locked him in a sleeper hold, before leaving the ringside area with Michinoku and Taichi, who proclaimed Suzuki as their new leader and renamed the stable "Suzukigun". On May 15, during the Invasion Tour 2011, New Japan's first tour of the United States, Lance Archer made his debut for the promotion, attacking Kojima after a match, before being chased away by former Kojimagun member MVP. The following day, Archer was officially named a member of Suzukigun. During the following months, Suzuki continued his feud with Kojima, while Archer went up against Togi Makabe and Michinoku and Taichi became a tag team in New Japan's junior heavyweight tag team division. Suzuki's feud with Kojima culminated on July 18 in a grudge match, where Suzuki was victorious, after which he transitioned to feuding with Togi Makabe.
From late October to early November, Suzuki and Archer represented Suzukigun in the 2011 G1 Tag League, where they finished second in their round-robin block with four wins and one loss, advancing to the semifinals. On November 6, Suzuki and Archer first defeated Chaos representatives Shinsuke Nakamura and Toru Yano in the semifinals and then the reigning IWGP Tag Team Champions, Bad Intentions (Giant Bernard and Karl Anderson), in the finals to win the 2011 G1 Tag League. As a result, Suzuki and Archer were granted a match for the IWGP Tag Team Championship, but were defeated by Bad Intentions in a rematch on November 12 at Power Struggle. During the same event, fellow Suzukigun member Taka Michinoku failed in his attempt to take the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship from Prince Devitt. Power Struggle was also the start of a relationship between Suzukigun and Suzuki's close friend, Pro Wrestling Noah representative Yoshihiro Takayama, who began making semi-regular New Japan appearances as a member of the stable. On January 4, 2012, at Wrestle Kingdom VI in Tokyo Dome, Suzuki received his first shot at the IWGP Heavyweight Championship in seven years, but was defeated by Hiroshi Tanahashi in the main event of the evening. During Suzuki's chase for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship, Takayama momentarily took over his feud with Togi Makabe, but their rivalry also ended at Wrestle Kingdom VI in Tokyo Dome in a match, where Makabe was victorious.
On February 12 at The New Beginning, the five members of Suzukigun took a dominant 5–1 win over Kushida, Tiger Mask, Togi Makabe, Wataru Inoue and Yuji Nagata in a ten man elimination tag team match, after which Archer and Takayama challenged Tencozy (Hiroyoshi Tenzan and Satoshi Kojima) to a match for the IWGP Tag Team Championship. On February 19, at All Together, a charity event co-produced by New Japan, All Japan Pro Wrestling and Pro Wrestling Noah, All Japan's Masayuki Kono made a one-time appearance representing Suzukigun. Archer and Takayama received their title shot on March 18, but were unable to dethrone the defending champions. On April 15, the recently debuted Black Tiger won the 2012 Road to the Super Jr.2Days Tournament to earn a spot in the 2012 Best of the Super Juniors tournament. After his win, Michinoku and Taichi welcomed Black Tiger to Suzukigun, while also hinting that the man under the mask was a former associate of Minoru Suzuki. On May 23, Kazushige Nosawa, a former member of Kojimagun and Suzuki's prior stable Suzuki Gundan, was arrested under suspicion of smuggling marijuana from Mexico to Japan. Though all charges against Nosawa were later dropped, New Japan immediately acknowledged that he had been portraying the latest Black Tiger and severed their ties with him. Meanwhile, Michinoku and Taichi had set their sights on the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship, but were, on June 16, defeated by Jushin Liger and Tiger Mask in a match for the vacant title. On July 22, Suzuki, Archer, Michinoku and Taichi picked up another dominant win over Prince Devitt, Ryusuke Taguchi, Togi Makabe and Yuji Nagata in an eight man elimination tag team match, after which Archer again challenged Tenzan and Kojima to a match for the IWGP Tag Team Championship, however, without specifying who his partner would be. On August 13, Harry Smith was revealed as Archer's partner and the newest member of Suzukigun. Also in August, Michinoku and Taichi began blaming each other for their recent losses, which led to the two agreeing to a match, where the loser would be expelled from Suzukigun. The match took place on August 22 at Michinoku's Kaientai Dojo promotion, but ended without a winner as Minoru Suzuki interrupted the match and got the two men to make peace with each other. Harry Smith made his debut as a member of Suzukigun on September 7 in an eight man tag team match, where he, Lance Archer, Minoru Suzuki and Taka Michinoku were defeated by Hiroyoshi Tenzan, Satoshi Kojima, Togi Makabe and Yuji Nagata via disqualification, when Michinoku's Kaientai Dojo trainee Kengo Mashimo entered the ring and attacked Makabe, revealing himself as the newest member of Suzukigun. On September 23 at Destruction, Makabe ended his rivalry with Suzukigun by defeating Mashimo in a singles match. The following day, Harry Smith was renamed Davey Boy Smith, Jr.
On October 8 at King of Pro-Wrestling, Smith and Archer, now known collectively as K.E.S. (Killer Elite Squad), defeated Tencozy to win the IWGP Tag Team Championship, bringing Suzukigun its first title. Later, in the main event of the evening, Minoru Suzuki unsuccessfully challenged Hiroshi Tanahashi for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship. K.E.S. made their first successful title defense on November 11 at Power Struggle, defeating Tencozy in a rematch. From November 20 to December 1, K.E.S. took part in the round-robin portion of the 2012 World Tag League, finishing with a record of four wins and two losses, advancing to the semifinals of the tournament in the second place in their block, while Suzuki and Mashimo failed to advance from the other block with three wins and three losses. On December 2, K.E.S. defeated Always Hypers (Togi Makabe and Wataru Inoue) to advance to the finals of the tournament. Later that same day, K.E.S. was defeated in the finals of the 2012 World Tag League by Sword & Guns (Hirooki Goto and Karl Anderson). On January 4, 2013, at Wrestle Kingdom 7 in Tokyo Dome, K.E.S. successfully defended the IWGP Tag Team Championship against Sword & Guns, while Minoru Suzuki was defeated by Yuji Nagata in another chapter of their long rivalry.
Afterwards, Suzukigun began feuding with New Japan's other villainous stable, Chaos. In late January, Taichi was sidelined with a knee injury following a traffic accident, which led to Suzukigun recruiting another Taka Michinoku trainee, Hiro Tonai, as his replacement for the February events. After working exclusively against each other in multi-man tag team matches for the first part of February, the rivalry between Suzukigun and Chaos built to two singles matches on February 10 at The New Beginning pay-per-view, where Kengo Mashimo was defeated by Shinsuke Nakamura, while Minoru Suzuki defeated Kazuchika Okada with help from Taichi. Meanwhile, K.E.S. retained the IWGP Tag Team Championship against Tencozy, after which Archer challenged Nakamura to a match for the IWGP Intercontinental Championship. Archer went on to fail in his title challenge on March 3 at New Japan's 41st anniversary event. During the same event, Suzukigun and Chaos faced off in a four-on-four elimination tag team match, where Suzukigun was victorious after Suzuki scored the final elimination over Okada. The rivalry between the two stables continued during the 2013 New Japan Cup, with Okada defeating Archer and Smith defeating Nakamura in their first round matches on March 11. Meanwhile, Suzuki also advanced in the tournament with a win over old rival Yuji Nagata, avenging the loss from Wrestle Kingdom 7 in Tokyo Dome. The second round of the tournament on March 17 saw two more matches between Suzukigun and Chaos, when Smith eliminated Yujiro Takahashi, while Toru Yano eliminated Minoru Suzuki to advance to the semifinals. Smith, the final Suzukigun member left in the New Japan Cup, was eliminated from the tournament by Hirooki Goto in their semifinal match on March 23. On April 5, K.E.S. made their fourth successful defense of the IWGP Tag Team Championship against Chaos representatives Shinsuke Nakamura and Tomohiro Ishii. The rivalry between Suzukigun and Chaos continued two days later at Invasion Attack, where Suzuki first defeated Toru Yano to avenge his loss from the second round of the New Japan Cup, and then Smith unsuccessfully challenged Nakamura for the IWGP Intercontinental Championship. The event concluded with Suzuki confronting new IWGP Heavyweight Champion, Kazuchika Okada, seemingly as his first challenger for the title. Following the event, Taka Michinoku announced that Suzukigun had recruited a new member to take on Nakamura for the IWGP Intercontinental Championship, noting that he was suitable to challenge for said title. On April 20, the newest member was revealed as former multi-time WWE Intercontinental Champion Shelton X Benjamin. Later that same day, Archer and Smith took part in a National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) event in Houston, Texas, where they defeated The Kingz of the Underground (Ryan Genesis and Scot Summers) to not only retain the IWGP Tag Team Championship, but to also win the NWA World Tag Team Championship. On May 3 at Wrestling Dontaku 2013, K.E.S. lost the IWGP Tag Team Championship back to Tencozy in a four-way match, which also included the Chaos team of Takashi Iizuka and Toru Yano, and Muscle Orchestra (Manabu Nakanishi and Strong Man), ending their reign at 207 days. Later in the event, Shelton X Benjamin unsuccessfully challenged Shinsuke Nakamura for the IWGP Intercontinental Championship, while the main event saw Minoru Suzuki fail in his challenge for the IWGP Heavyweight Championship against Kazuchika Okada. Suzuki then got involved in a rivalry with Chaos member Tomohiro Ishii, which built to a singles match between the two on July 20 at the Kizuna Road 2013 pay-per-view, where Suzuki was victorious. That same event, Taichi and Michinoku unsuccessfully challenged Chaos members Forever Hooligans (Alex Koslov and Rocky Romero) for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship. From August 1 to 11, Suzuki, Archer, Benjamin and Smith took part in the 2013 G1 Climax, with Archer and Smith wrestling in block A and Benjamin and Suzuki in block B. Both Suzuki and Smith entered the final day with a chance to advance to the finals, however, Suzuki was eliminated after losing to Toru Yano, while Smith was eliminated after a loss against Archer. On October 14 at King of Pro-Wrestling, Taichi and Michinoku won the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship for the first time, when they, replacing Kushida and the injured Alex Shelley, who had earlier defeated them in a number one contender's match, defeated the Forever Hooligans for the title. Meanwhile, after avenging his G1 Climax loss against Toru Yano that same event, Suzuki made a challenge for the IWGP Intercontinental Championship with the added stipulation that should Shinsuke Nakamura lose the title to him, he would have to join Suzukigun. After a reign of only 26 days, Taichi and Michinoku lost the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship to The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) on November 9 at Power Struggle. Later that same event, K.E.S. took part in a two-fall three-way match against Tencozy and the team of Jax Dane and Rob Conway. In the first fall, they lost the NWA World Tag Team Championship to Dane and Conway, but came back in the second to defeat Tencozy for the IWGP Tag Team Championship. Also during the event, Suzuki failed in his IWGP Intercontinental Championship challenge against Nakamura.
On November 24, two Suzukigun teams entered the 2013 World Tag League, competing in two separate blocks; K.E.S. in block A and Suzuki and Benjamin in block B. K.E.S. won their block with a record of five wins and one loss, while Suzuki and Benjamin were eliminated with a record of three wins and three losses, after losing to Takashi Iizuka and Toru Yano in their final round-robin match. On December 8, K.E.S. was also eliminated from the tournament in the semifinals by their old rival team, Tencozy. On January 4, 2014, at Wrestle Kingdom 8 in Tokyo Dome, K.E.S. lost the IWGP Tag Team Championship to the winners of the tournament, Bullet Club (Doc Gallows and Karl Anderson). Also during the event, Michinoku and Taichi unsuccessfully challenged The Young Bucks for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championship in a four-way match and Suzuki continued his feud with Toru Yano, with him and Benjamin losing to Yano and The Great Muta in a tag team match. K.E.S. received a rematch for the IWGP Tag Team Championship on February 9 at The New Beginning in Hiroshima, but were again defeated by Bullet Club. Suzuki and Yano continued their rivalry for the next few months, leading to a tag team match at Back to the Yokohama Arena on May 25, where Yano's longtime tag team partner Takashi Iizuka turned on him during a tag team match, where they faced Suzuki and Benjamin, and jumped to Suzukigun. During the same event, K.E.S. failed in their attempt to regain the NWA World Tag Team Championship from Tencozy in a three-way match, which also included Rob Conway and Wes Brisco. On June 9, New Japan suspended Taichi for two months with a 30% pay cut for "behavioral problems", after he had been caught cheating on his wife. On June 21 at Dominion 6.21, K.E.S. received another shot at the NWA World Tag Team Championship, this time in a regular tag team match, but were again defeated by Tencozy. On July 4, El Desperado joined Suzukigun, announcing his intention of bringing the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship to the stable.

</doc>
<doc id="36824181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824181" title="2012–13 Minnesota–Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Minnesota–Duluth Bulldogs women's ice hockey season

The Minnesota-Duluth Bulldogs represented the University of Minnesota-Duluth in WCHA women's ice hockey. The Bulldogs will attempt to win the NCAA tournament for the sixth time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="36824182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824182" title="Jogeswar Singha">
Jogeswar Singha

Jogeswar Singha was installed as the king of Ahom kingdom in 1821 CE, by the Burmese. He was more or less a puppet in the hands of the Burmese, who held the real power of administration. His reign witnessed Burmese atrocities on the people of Assam and the attempts made by Chandrakanta Singha and Purandar Singha to expel Burmese invaders. Historians dispute regarding the date of his deposition from the throne, as some historians claimed that he was deposed by his Burmese masters, after they secured complete victory over the forces of Chandrakanta Singha in 1822 CE, while some sources claimed that he remained as a puppet ruler till termination of Burmese rule in Assam by British East India Company, in 1825 CE, during First Anglo-Burmese War.
Ancestry and family.
Jogeswar Singha was the eldest son of Bagakonwar Tipam Raja, who was a descendant of Jambar Gohain Charing Raja, the younger brother of Swargadeo Gadadhar Singha. Bagakonwar was holding the rank of Tipam Raja. Apart from Jogeswar, Bogakonwar had three daughters, Taravati Aideo, Sarupahi Aideo and Hemo Aideo, and three sons, Mantan Charing Raja, Bihuram alias Biswanath Tipam Raja and Dhaniram Gohain.
Events leading to his accession.
Internal Turmoil and First Burmese invasion.
In 1815 CE, Purnananda Burhagohain, the Prime Minister of Ahom kingdom, sent a deputation to arrest Badan Chandra Borphukan, the Ahom viceroy at Guwahati, who was charged for atrocities committed on the people of Lower Assam, but, being warned in time by his daughter, Pijou Gabharu, who had married one of the Premier’s sons, he escaped to Bengal. He proceeded to Calcutta, and alleging that Purnananda Burhagohain was subverting the Ahom Government and ruining the country, endeavored to persuade the Governor-General Lord Hastings to dispatch an expedition against Purnananda Burhagohain. Lord Hasting, however, refused to interfere in any way. Meanwhile Badan Chandra had stuck up a friendship with the Calcutta Agent of the Burmese government and he went with this man to the Court of Amarapura, where he was accorded an interview with the Burmese king, Bodawpaya. He repeated his misrepresentations regarding the conduct of Purnananda Burhagohain, alleging that he had usurped the King's authority, and that owing to his misgovernment, the lives of all, both high and low, were in danger. At last he obtained a promise of help. Towards the end of the year 1816 an army of about eight thousand men under the command of General Maha Minhla Minkhaung was dispatch from Burma with Badan Chandra Borphukan. It was joined en route by the chiefs of Mungkong, Hukong and Manipur, and, by the time Namrup was reached, its number had swollen to about sixteen thousand. Purnananda Burhagohain sent an army to oppose the invaders. A battle was fought at Ghiladhari in which the Assamese army was routed. At this juncture Purnananda Burhagohain died or some say, committed suicide by swallowing diamonds, leaving the entire Ahom government leaderless. His eldest son, Ruchinath was appointed as Burhagohain. The Ahom war council decided to continue the war; and a fresh army was hastily equipped and sent to resist the Burmese. Like the former one, it was utterly defeated, near Kathalbari east of Dihing. The Burmese continued their advance pillaging and burning the villages along their line of march. Ruchinath Burhagohain endeavored in vain to induce the reigning Ahom monarch Chandrakanta Singha to retreat to Western Assam, and then, perceiving that the latter intended to sacrifice him, in order to conciliate Badan Chandra and his Burmese allies, fled westwards to Guwahati.
The Burmese occupied the capital Jorhat and Badan Chandra triumphantly entered the capital, interviewed Chandrakanta Singha and offered to run the affairs of the state as his capacity as Mantri-Phukan or Prime Minister. The young king, Chandrakanta had no alternative but to acquiesce in Badan Chandra's proposal. Badan Chandra now became all powerful and he used his Burmese allies to plunder and slay all the relations and adherents of Purnananda Burhagohain.
Marriage of Hemo Aideo with Bodawpaya.
Meanwhile Chandrakanta Singha and Badan Chandra made treaty with the Burmese general. The Burmese general demanded an Ahom princess in marriage for the Burmese monarch, along with other presents. The youngest daughter of Bagakonwar Tipam Raja, Jogeswar’s sister, Hemo Aideo was selected to become consort of Burmese king Bodawpaya. The Burmese army returned to their country, taking with them Hemo Aideo and other gifts, offered to Burmese king Bodawpaya, in April 1817CE. Bihuram alias Bishwanath Tipam Raja, one of the brothers of Jogeswar, also accompanied his sister to Burma.
Political Instability and Second Burmese Invasion.
After some time, political scenario in Ahom kingdom changed drastically. Badan Chandra Borphukan was assassinated by his political rivals. Seizing this opportunity, Ruchinath Burhagohain, son of late Purnananda Burhagohain, the Prime Minister of Ahom kingdom, deposed Chandrakanta Singha and installed Purandar Singha, son of Brajanath Gohain, who was the great-grandson of Ahom king Swargadeo Rajeswar Singha, on the throne, in February, 1818 CE. Chandrakanta Singha was mutilated on his right ear, in order to make him ineligible for the throne, and was exiled. Meanwhile, the friends of Badan Chandra Borphukan went to the court of Burmese monarch Bodawpaya and appealed for help. Bodawpaya, owing to his marriage to Hemo Aideo, had an alliance with Chandrakanta Singha, immediately dispatched a fresh army of 30,000 men under a general named Alungmingi, also known as Kiamingi Borgohain. The Burmese defeated the forces of Purandar Singha and Ruchinath Burhagohain and entered the Capital Jorhat triumphantly, on February 1819 CE. The Burmese reinstalled Chandrakanta Singha on the throne and after some time, bulk of their forces returned to Burma.
Chandrakanta quarreled with Burmese and Third Burmese invasion.
Bodawpaya died in 1819 CE, succeeded by his grandson Bagyidaw as the new king of Burma. Meanwhile Chandrakanta Singha tried to free himself from Burmese influence, started to strengthen his army and constructed fortifications in Joypur, in order to check further invasions by Burmese in Assam. Chandrakanta's efforts to rehabilitate himself and to free himself from Burmese influence reached the ears of Bagyidaw. A fresh army was dispatched under Mingimaha Tilowa Baju on the pretext of handling over some presents to Chandrakanta Singha. The Burmese force approached the borders of Assam in March 1821, but Chandrakanta Singha got scent of the real intensions of the Burmese, and fled to Guwahati. The Burmese commander Mingimaha Tilowa Baju invited Chandrakanta Singha to return to the Capital Jorhat, but Chandrakanta refused to believe the Burmese and declined their invitation. In revenge for his mistrust, the Burmese put a great number of his followers to death. In retaliation, Chandrakanta Singha took his revenge by punishing the Burmese officers, who were sent to invite him back. The breach now became final and both sides decided to take each other head on. Receiving intelligence of Chandrakanta’s military preparation against Burmese in Guwahati, the Burmese General Mingimaha Tilowa Baju marched against him, in September 1821 CE. Alarmed by the huge size of Burmese army, Chandrakanta retreated from Guwahati to British ruled Bengal.
Accession to the throne.
The Burmese assumed full authority over Ahom kingdom and news of Burmese triumphs in Assam was duly transmitted to Amarapura. Bagyidaw issued order to General Mingimaha Tilowa Baju in Assam to place on the throne Jogeswar, the eldest brother of Hemo Aideo, his Assamese consort inherited from his grandfather Bodawpaya along with the succession. Thus on November 1821, Burmese General Mingimaha Tilowa Baju appointed Jogeswar as the king of the Ahom kingdom in Assam, and was proclaimed Jogeswar Singha. The appointment of Jogeswar Singha was done with double purpose; it would enhance the prestige of the Assamese queen Hemo Aideo or Hemo Mepaya in the court of Burmese monarch, and would also placate the Assamese subjects who would naturally appreciate a native ruler being set up in their country. In reality, Jogeswar Singha had no vestige of any sovereign power and the Burmese general was all in all in Assam.
Reign.
Attempts by Chandrakanta Singha and Purandar Singha to dislodge Burmese invaders.
Towards the end of the 1821 A.D, Chandrakanta Singha collected a force of about two thousand men, consisting of Sikhs and Hindustanis from British ruled Bengal and rallied his men in the Goalpara district. The Burmese troops and their followers were so numerous that it was found impossible to provide them with supplies in any one place. They were, therefore, distributed about the country in a number of small detachments. Chandrakanta Singha, seeing his opportunity, returned to the attack and, after inflicting several defeats on the Burmese, recaptured Guwahati in January 1822 CE. At the same time the Burmese forces on the north bank of the Brahmaputra were harassed by repeated incursions on the part of Purandar Singha’s troops, which had rallied in Bhutan. The Assamese villagers, especially on the north bank of Brahmaputra waged guerilla warfare against the occupying Burmese troops after obtaining help from the tribes of Akas and Dafalas, completely diminishing Burmese authority from the north bank of Brahmaputra.
The Burmese commander Mingimaha Tilowa Baju sent a long letter to the British Governor-General at Calcutta, protesting against the facilities which had been accorded to the Ahom princes and demanded their extradition, but the British authority gave no reply.
Arrival of Mingi Maha Bandula and Battle of Mahgarh.
Meanwhile news of Burmese reverses in Assam reached Burma. The Burmese monarch Bagyidaw sent his finest general Mingi Maha Bandula to reclaim Assam with reinforcements of 20,000 soldiers. Undaunted by enemy strength, Chandrakanta Singha marched upwards into Upper Assam with approximately 2000 men consisting of Sikhs and Hindustani mercenaries and some local Assamese people recruited around Guwahati. He pitched his camp in Mahgarh (presently known as Kokilamukh; located in Jorhat district near Jorhat town). On 19 April 1822 A.D. the 20,000 Burmese led by Mingi Maha Bandula and the 2000 mixed Assamese-Hindustani forces led by Chandrakanta Singha fought the decisive battle of Mahgarh. Chandrakanta Singha is said to have displayed unusual vigour and courage by himself present in the thick of battle; personally leading his soldiers; and engaged in hand-to-hand combat with enemy soldiers. For some time his troops held their own, but in the end their ammunition gave out and they were defeated with a loss of 1500 men. The Burmese won the battle due to their numerical superiority but sustained losses more than that of Chandrakanta’s forces. Chandrakanta Singha and his remaining forces managed to escape back to Guwahati as the Burmese, like Chandrakanta Singha’s forces run out of ammunitions and a lot of them were injured or dead after the battle.
Mingi Maha Bandula sent Burmese Commander Mingimaha Tilowa Baju in pursuit of Chandrakanta Singha. Unable to resist the Burmese with his small force, Chandrakanta Singha fall back to Hadirachowki (Assam chowki), where he made preparation to resist the Burmese with his mixed levies consisting of Sikh, Hindustanis and Assamese soldiers. On 21 June 1822, Chandrakanta Singha made his final stand against Mingimaha Tilowa Baju and his Burmese forces in the battle of Hadirachowki. In the battle Chandrakanta Singha was defeated and he narrowly escaped to British ruled Goalpara district. Meanwhile after receiving the news of Chandrakanta’s defeat and threatened by growing Burmese power, Purandar Singha and his forces also retreated from Assam. 
The victorious Burmese assumed themselves as the undisputed Masters of Brahmaputra valley. The Burmese commander sent an insolent message to the British Officer commanding at Goalpara warning him that, if protections were afforded to Chandrakanta Singha, a Burmese army of 18,000 men, commanded by forty Rajas( kings or chiefs), would invade the British territories and arrest him wherever he might be found. The British answered this threat by the dispatch to the frontier of additional troops from Dacca, and by the intimation that any advance on the part of Burmese would be at their own peril
Atrocities of Burmese.
After the defeat of Chandrakanta Singha, Mingi Maha Bandula and his forces returned to Burma, leaving Mingimaha Tilowa Baju in charge of the administration of Assam. Meanwhile, the Burmese troops crushed all the remaining resistances of Assamese and reassert their lost authority over Brahmaputra valley. Finding no opposition from anyone, the Burmese army committed numerous acts of atrocities on common Assamese people. They rob everyone who had anything worth taking. They burnt down villages, plundered the temples, violated the chastity of women, and put large numbers of innocent persons to death. In revenge for the opposition offered to their army, the Burmese slaughtered a vast number of men, women and children. Many Assamese people fled to the hills, and to Jaintia, Cachar and British ruled Bengal, and sought refuge among neighbouring hill tribes.
Chandrakanta Singha imprisoned.
Meanwhile the Burmese tried to revive diplomatic relationship with Chandrakanta Singha. They sent messages that they never meant to injure him, and had only set up Jogeswar Singha as King because he refused to obey their summons to return. Chandrakanta Singha, frustrated by his failure to recruit troops from Goalpara and Bengal, finally accepted the Burmese proposal of reinstalling him to the throne and surrendered to the Burmese in Hadirachowki. He was taken to Jorhat where he was seized and placed in confinement at Rangpur.
Burmese efforts to set up proper administration.
Meanwhile, Mingimaha Bandula reached Amarapura, and conveyed all details about Assam to Burmese monarch Bagyidaw. He complained Bagyidaw about the atrocities committed by Burmese army under Mingimaha Tilowa Baju, on Assamese people and lack of proper administration there. Bagyidaw recalled Mingimaha Tilowa Baju and appointed Mingimaha Kyaadeng Mogaton as the Governor of Assam. Mingimaha Kyaadeng Mogaton soon, brought a marked improvement in the treatment of the local Assamese people, by Burmese authorities. Rapine and pillage were put to stop, and no punishment was inflicted without cause. Following the Ahom system of Government, officers were again appointed to govern the country; a settled administration was established, and regular taxation took the place of unlimited extortion.
Deposed.
After appointment of Mingimaha Kyaadeng Mogaton as the Governor in 1822 CE, the Burmese took direct control over the administrations of Assam. Some Historians stated that during this time, the Burmese deposed Jogeswar Singha and kept him in confinement at Jorhat. Some historians like S. L. Barua states that the Burmese deposed Jogeswar and declared Mingi Maha Tilowa as the Raja or king of Assam. While some historians like Surya Kumar Bhuyan and Hiteswar Barbaruah stated that Jogeswar Singha remained as titular king of Ahom kingdom till Burmese expulsion by British in 1825 CE.
Anglo-Burmese War and British occupation of Assam.
In 1824 A.D. the First Anglo-Burmese War broke out. The Burmese was utterly defeated and were expelled from Assam, Cachar and Manipur. In February 1825 CE, Burmese army in Assam was completely defeated. The British surrounded Rangpur the last stronghold of Burmese in Upper Assam. The Burmese commanders sent one Buddhist priest named Dharmadhar Brahmachari, a native of Ceylon, brought up in Ava, to negotiate the terms for the surrender of Rangpur. In exchange, the Burmese commander requested British commander Colonel Richards, to allow them to withdraw from Assam unmolested. The British commander Colonel Richards agreed to this proposal in order to avoid further bloodshed, allowing Burmese army to return to Burma. At that time Jogeswar Singha was residing in Jorhat, while Chandrakanta Singha was at Rangpur . The British commander fearing tension due to the presence of these two former kings, exiled Jogeswar Singha to Jogighopa in present day Bongaigaon district, while Chandrakanta Singha was sent to Guwahati.
Meanwhile the Burmese suffered defeat in other fronts of the war. The Burmese monarch Bagyidaw sued for peace and the treaty of Yandabo was signed by both parties on 26 February 1826. According to the terms and conditions of the treaty, the Burmese monarch renounced all claims over Assam and British became the masters of the Brahmaputra valley
Death and Legacy.
Jogeswar Singha along with his family arrived Jogighopa under British escort. Shortly after his arrival, he fell ill and died, in 1825 CE. Being a puppet in the hands of the Burmese, Jogeswar Singha was unable to exercise any authority, during his reign. People use to refer him as “"Maane pota Raja"”, means king installed by Burmese. His reign was marked by the atrocities committed by Burmese on Assamese, and the people recalled those days with terror as “Maanor Din”, literally the days of Burmese(Assamese refer Burmese as Myan or Maan).
Family and descendants.
Jogeswar Singha left a son named Dambarudhar Singha Juvraj, and a daughter named Padmavati. Local inhabitants used to call Dambarudhar Singha Jubraj as "Bolia Raja" or the mad king. The British Government granted him pension of mere 50 rupees per month. Later British government appointed Dambarudhar’s son Krishnaram Singha Jubraj as Mouzadar in Moriani located in Titabor, in Jorhat district. Because of this appointment, Krishnaram Singha Jubraj was known among the local inhabitants as "Raja Mouzadar". The descendants of Krishnaram continued to live in Holongpar.
Jogeswar Singha’s brother Bihuram alias Biswanath, who accompanied his sister Hemo Aideo to Burma, became the governor of Mogaung and ultimately a chief minister of the Burmese Monarch. His youngest brother Dhaniram also sought refuge in Burma together with his mother. Biswanath and Dhaniram were known as Tabangacha and Malomin in Burmese records. Biswanath or Tabangacha had five sons, Maung Gyi, Maung Mitha, Maung Lat, Maung Gale and Maung Son, all of whom rose to prominence and power. Of his three daughters Medaya Mapaya became the consort of Burmese King Mindon Min (1853-78 CE). Malomin alias Dhaniram ordinarily resided at the Capital with his mother and sister Hemo Aideo. 
Jogeswar Singha’s sisters Taravati Aideo and Surupahi Aideo was granted a pension of 120 rupees per year from 1850 CE and 1852 CE.

</doc>
<doc id="36824185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824185" title="Camille Pelissier">
Camille Pelissier

Camille Pelissier (29 August 1859 – 28 September 1943) was a French politician.
He was born in Forcalquier (Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, France. He was a lawyer, a member of the general council, and a senator for Basses-Alpes between 1907 and 1912. He was alwaysinterested by topics related to his département. He died in Marseille Bouches-du-Rhône, France.

</doc>
<doc id="36824188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824188" title="Battle of Junin order of battle">
Battle of Junin order of battle

See also.
Peruvian War of Independence

</doc>
<doc id="36824189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824189" title="White Water Fury">
White Water Fury

White Water Fury (Swedish: Järngänget) is a 2000 Swedish thriller film directed by Jon Lindström and starring Emil Forselius, Rafael Edholm and Alexander Skarsgård.

</doc>
<doc id="36824190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824190" title="John Bishop House">
John Bishop House

John Bishop House is a historic home located in Exeter Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It is a colonial Georgian dwelling in the Palladian style. It was built about 1770, and is a 2 1/2-story stone dwelling with a gable roof and two-story addition. It features a cut stone facade, Georgian entryway, and open staircase rising three stories.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36824191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824191" title="2012–13 Yale Bulldogs women's ice hockey season">
2012–13 Yale Bulldogs women's ice hockey season

The Yale Bulldogs represented Yale University in ECAC women's ice hockey. The Bulldogs will attempt to win the NCAA tournament for the first time in school history.

</doc>
<doc id="36824199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824199" title="The Flowers of Evil (manga)">
The Flowers of Evil (manga)

Plot.
The story takes place in a small town located in Gunma Prefecture and follows Takao Kasuga, a middle school bookworm whose favorite book is Charles Baudelaire's "Les Fleurs du mal", after which the series is named. One day after school, he discovers and impulsively steals the gym clothes of Nanako Saeki, the classmate he has a crush on. However, a lonely girl named Sawa Nakamura happens to catch him in the act. Nakamura blackmails Kasuga into a "contract," under the threat of revealing his secret.
Media.
Anime.
The anime adaptation is directed by Hiroshi Nagahama and produced by Zexcs. It aired in Japan between April 5 and June 29 2013 and has been licensed by Sentai Filmworks in North America. Crunchyroll has the streaming rights in Australia, North America, UK and other territories.
The Anime itself was animated using rotoscoping techniques, a decision that has caused some controversy due to the fact that the characters look more realistic, rather than resembling the original manga. The opening theme is by Uchūjin with guest vocalists Noko, Mariko Gotō and Shiho Nanba, while the ending theme is "〜花〜 A Last Flower" by Asa-Chang & Junray.

</doc>
<doc id="36824221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824221" title="Otto Lauffer">
Otto Lauffer

Otto Lauffer (20 February 1874 – 8 August 1949) was a German folklorist and cultural historian.
Life.
Otto Lauffer was born in Weende (which is today is a district of Göttingen) on 20 February 1874 and spent his childhood there, until 1886.
He studied German language and literature studies, history and art history in Göttingen (enrolled on 22 August 1891), Berlin, Munich and again in Göttingen (enrolled 24 April 1894). In 1896 he was awarded his doctorate under the supervision of Moritz Heyne.
In 1902, Lauffer became an assistant at, and in 1907 director of the Historical Museum in Frankfurt. From 1908 until the opening in 1922, he oversaw the building of the Hamburg History Museum (now "hamburgmuseum"), continuing in his role as director until 1946.
In the same year that the University of Hamburg was founded, Otto Lauffer was granted the first professorship in folklore in Germany, which he retained until 1939. In 1922/23, he was also rector of the University.
Lauffer died on 8 August 1949 in Hamburg), and was buried in the Ohlsdorf Cemetery there (grave reference: "R9 (29-30)"). His collected works are to be found in the Hamburg University Library. On 20 February 1984, a memorial plaque was decidated to his memory in Weende.
The in Weende and the Otto Lauffer barge in Hamburg are named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="36824235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824235" title="938th Military Airlift Group">
938th Military Airlift Group

The 938th Military Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 349th Military Airlift Wing, based at Travis AFB, California. It was inactivated on 1 July 1973.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population.
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 938th Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of four C-119 groups assigned to the 312th TCW in 1963, the other being the 939th Troop Carrier Group, at Portland International Airport, Oregon; 940th Troop Carrier Group at McClellan AFB, California, and the 941st Troop Carrier Group at Paine AFB, Washington.
The 938th performed routine reserve airlift operations, being upgraded to the C-124 Globemaster II intercontinental airlifter in 1966. On 26 January 1968 the group was activated for combat duty in the Vietnam War. The group flew overseas missions, particularly to the Far East and Southeast Asia during that period, being relieved from active service in June 1969.
Was moved to Travis AFB and upgraded to the C-141 Starlifter jet transport. Flew strategic airlift missions as needed across the Pacific Ocean, including channel flights, contingency and humanitarian relief operations, and joint training exercises with active duty squadrons. Inactivated in July 1973 as part of a reorganization of Military Airlift Command assets, personnel and equipment being assigned directly to its host 349th MAW.

</doc>
<doc id="36824240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824240" title="Bálint Lépes">
Bálint Lépes

Bálint Lépes de Váraskeszi (c. 1570 – 26 April 1623) was a Hungarian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, who served as bishop of several dioceses. He was the Archbishop of Kalocsa from 1619 to 1623. He also functioned as Royal Chancellor of Hungary between 1608 and 1623. He was a prominent figure of the Counter-Reformation in the Kingdom of Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="36824241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824241" title="Government Model Higher Secondary School">
Government Model Higher Secondary School

Government Model Higher Secondary School is a Kerala Government higher secondary school situated in Thrissur City, Kerala, India. It was started in 1836 and is the oldest school in Kerala and Thrissur District.

</doc>
<doc id="36824266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824266" title="Hiland Park, Kolkata">
Hiland Park, Kolkata

Hiland Park is the name given to a micro-township in Kolkata, India. It is situated in Chak Garia on Eastern Metropolitan Bypass.
The micro township features a Residential Complex, which includes a number of recreational facilities, Shopping Mall and a Social Club called 'The County'.
The Residential complex has 9 building towers. The towers are named Peak (28 floors, ), Cape (24 floors, ), Brook (24 floors, ), Fjord (21 floors, ), Bay (21 floors, ), Glen (18 floors, ), Isle (18 floors, ), Ridge (18 floors, ) and Loch (18 floors, ). Peak was the tallest residential building in the city until 2007 when South City Towers topped at . There are a total of 941 residential units comprising standard apartments, duplex and penthouses.
"Hiland Park" is one of the most important landmarks along Eastern Metropolitan Bypass.
The Shopping Mall named 'Metropolis Mall' has a total area of .

</doc>
<doc id="36824279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824279" title="Cockleford Marsh">
Cockleford Marsh

Cockleford Marsh () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1991.
It lies in the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The site is a typical example of the spring line fen-meadow habitat which is common along the Cotswold scarp and the valleys in areas of landslip. There are only a few remaining such marshes in the Cotswolds. This site is particularly "botanically rich" and a mixture of grassland and wetland habitats.
The site is listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line) as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS).
Flora.
The fen-meadow is dominated by Hard Rush, Creeping Bent and Brooklime. Locally scarce (Gloucestershire) species occur such as Bogbean, Common Cottongrass, Marsh Arrowgrass, Southern Marsh Orchid, Star Sedge and other particular sedges. A significant number of Common Spotted Orchids are recorded, along with Marsh Marigold, Ragged Robin and Marsh Valerian.
The unimproved grassland consists of two main types. These is short grazed limestone grassland and taller neutral grassland. The former is "herb rich". These include Devil's bit Scabious, Burnet Saxifrage, 
Mouse-ear Hawkweed and Lady's Bedstraw.

</doc>
<doc id="36824290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824290" title="Turcan Connell">
Turcan Connell

Turcan Connell is a Scottish legal firm working exclusively with individuals, families and charities. It has offices in Edinburgh, Glasgow, London and Guernsey. Founded in 1997 from the private client unit of Dundas & Wilson, one of the oldest and largest firms in Scotland, it is widely considered the country's premier private client firm. Its 2011 turnover was £22.3m. "The Lawyer" magazine put the firm at number ninety-four on its list of the largest UK firms by 2010 turnover. The firm has twenty-one partners and over three hundred staff, working in Legal, Wealth Management and Tax.
Practice.
The firm acts exclusively for individuals, families and charities, providing a full range of private client services. Its stated vision is "to offer all the professional advice under one roof that an individual might need during their lifetime."
It is rated by legal directory Legal500 as a first tier firm in Agriculture and estates, Charities, Family, and Personal tax, trusts and executries, its only other rating being in the third tier for Employment. It is described as "dominant on the private client front." In the Chambers and Partners directory, Agricultural & Rural Affairs, Charities, Family/Matrimonial and Private Client are rated Band 1, and Employment Band 5.
Locations.
The firm's main office is in the Prince's Exchange building on Tollcross, Edinburgh. It also has offices in London and Saint Peter Port, Guernsey (where it operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Saltire Trustees). A further office opened in Glasgow in September 2012.
History.
The firm was formed in August 1997 from the private client business of Dundas & Wilson, one of the largest firms in Scotland, which from then on focussed on commercial clients. The founding partners were Robert Turcan and Douglas Connell. Turcan had trained at Shepherd and Wedderburn, qualifying in 1972, and was assumed as a partner in Dundas & Wilson in 1973, while Connell had spent his entire career at D&W, qualifying in 1976 and being admitted to the partnership in 1979.
In December 1997, shortly after the firm's creation, the private client unit of rival W&J Burness joined the firm, at which point Turcan Connell also acquired Burness's Guernsey office. The firm opened its London office in 2007 to serve an "increasingly international client base." The firm's investment management capability was hived-off in April 2012 to create Turcan Connell Asset Management Limited, and a further office opened in Glasgow in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36824296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824296" title="List of places named after Joyce Kilmer">
List of places named after Joyce Kilmer

This is a list of places which are located all around the world named or renamed in honor of American poet, writer and literary critic, Joyce Kilmer (1886-1918).

</doc>
<doc id="36824299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824299" title="Albertoceras">
Albertoceras

Albertoceras is an Early Ordovican ellesmoeroceratid genus with a small, slender, orthoconic to slightly endogastric shell; some even tiny. The cross section is strongly compressed so as to make the height proportionally notably greater than the width. The sutures, marking the edges of the septa, have broad, shallow, lateral lobes. The siphuncle, which seems to lack diaphragms, lies close to the venter.
"Albertoceras" differs from "Ectenolites", which it closely resembles in the early, or juvenile, portion, in a having a short living chamber that narrows toward the aperture and a convex dorsal profile in the adult portion. The ventral profile remains straight throughout.
"Albertoceras walcotti", the type species, and "A. gracillimum" are both from the Mons Formation of Alberta. "A. staufferi" is from the Tanyard Formation of Texas and "A. clelandi" is from the Tribes Hill Limestone of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36824303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824303" title="Barwis">
Barwis

Barwis may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36824337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824337" title="Peter Spicker House">
Peter Spicker House

Peter Spicker House is a historic home located at Stouchsburg, Marion Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania. It is a native limestone dwelling with first section was built about 1740, with the central portion added about 1750, and the eastern section about 1800. It is reflective of the transition from the Germanic to the Georgian style. The oldest section is 1 1/2 stories, three bays wide. The central section is 2 1/2 stories and also three bays wide, with a gable and pent roof. The eastern section is also 2 1/2 stories, six bays wide, with a gable roof. Also on the property is a late-18th century, stone Pennsylvania German bank barn.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It is located in the Stouchsburg Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="36824345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824345" title="Julius Harder">
Julius Harder

Julius F. Harder was an American architect of New York.
He designed the Palmetto Building, a skyscraper built during 1912-1913 that was then the tallest building in the state of South Carolina. The building's construction was supervised by local architects Wilson & Sompayrac.
He designed the award-winning Samuel Hahnemann Monument, Reservation 64, Massachusetts & Rhode Island Aves. at Scott Cir. NW Washington, DC (Harder, Julius F.), NRHP-listed
He served as treasurer of the Architectural League of America at its fifth annual convention.

</doc>
<doc id="36824347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824347" title="Moubray House">
Moubray House

Moubray House, 51 and 53 High Street, is one of the oldest buildings on the Royal Mile, and one of the oldest occupied residential buildings in Edinburgh, Scotland. The façade dates from the early 17th century, built on foundations laid c.1477.
The tenement is noted for its interiors, including a Renaissance board-and-beam painted ceiling discovered in 1999, a plaster ceiling with exotic fruit and flower mouldings with the arms of Pringle of Galashiels (five escallops on a saltire) dated 1650 painted on the wall, and a wooden barrel-vaulted attic apartment which is expressed on the roofline.
Notable people associated with the house include Scotland's first eminent portrait painter George Jamesone, the English spy and writer Daniel Defoe, who was instrumental in the passing of the 1707 Act of Union with England, and Archibald Constable, proprietor of the "Encyclopædia Britannica".
Moubray House is designated a Category A listed building by Historic Scotland.
Description.
Moubray House lies on the north side of the High Street, between Trunk's or Turing's Close and the John Knox House, near the site of Edinburgh's Netherbow Port, the main gate into Edinburgh before its demolition in 1764. On the pavement in front of the property survives the Netherbow Well, one of the wells which formerly supplied water for the Old Town.
History.
The Moubrays.
In 1369, the three houses here all belonged to the Turing family, whose name is remembered as "Trunk's Close." The present site was laid out c.1472-7, after reconstruction of the Netherbow Port close to "John Knox's House" by Alexander Bonkill. The street frontage of Moubray House retains the line of the earlier medieval High Street, being the last house east before the defensive narrowing at the gate. The "John Knox House" is on the site of one of four houses built in the new narrow passage to the gate. During the 16th century the tenement was identified as Andrew Moubray's house in legal records. There were three Andrew Moubrays, although the original builder is called "Robert Moubray" in many sources. The part of house at the back was probably built around 1529 by the third Andrew Moubray (III) and his wife Katrine Hoppar.
These were wealthy and well-connected merchant families, and the Moubrays owned other properties in this area of Edinburgh. Andrew Moubray (I), a second son, was made a burgess of Edinburgh in 1451, his fee pledged by the Baillie James Bonkill. On 18 August 1482, jointly with Laurence Taillefer, he was appointed "Customar of Edinburgh", the collector of royal rents and duties owed by the town to the King. Andrew Moubray (I) bought the lands of Kirktonhill in Lauderdale from William Moubray in 1486, and with his wife Elizabeth endowed a chaplain at the altar of St Ninian in St Giles Kirk in 1478 and 1492. Their daughter, Agnes Moubray was married to the merchant Patrick Cant by 1492.
The Moubrays main business was textiles and Andrew Moubray (II) sold fine cloth to King James IV in 1496, accepting a gilt cup as payment. Some of his mercantile activity in the Netherlands in the 1490s was recorded in the shipping "Ledger of Andrew Halyburton", which records his trip to Middelburg and his cargoes carried by Andrew Barton. Andrew Moubray (II) exported wool and imported wine and furs. Laurence Taillefer, Andrew's partner as Customar of Edinburgh was married to Helen, the sister of Andrew Halyburton. He was also joint owner of the 60 ton "James" of Leith and had a licence from Henry VII to sell fish in England in 1490.
In 1494 Andrew Moubray successfully challenged Robert Barton over income from his property in Leith. Andrew (II) married Jonet Halyburton, whose brothers James and David Halyburton were soldiers of the Garde Écossaise. When Andrew Moubray (II) died in 1499, his children were still minors, so James IV gave his property to Patrick Halyburton until they came of age. Andrew Moubray (III) sold a crossbow to James V in 1527.
Andrew Moubray (III) and the Hoppar family.
Andrew Moubray (III) married Katrine Hoppar, daughter of William Hoppar and Elizabeth Carkettill. William Hoppar supplied a chest for the royal wardrobe on the day that Margaret Tudor arrived in Edinburgh. Hoppar and Adam Carkettil were members of the religious confraternity of the Holy Blood, and witnessed the censure of the poet and priest Gavin Douglas when the mass on 27 February 1511 was not properly performed. His son, Adam Hopper was master of the Edinburgh Merchants Guild, established by "seal of cause" in 1518 when it was given the Holy Blood Aisle in St Giles Kirk. A banner of the confraternity made at this time, the "Fetternear banner" is kept at the National Museum of Scotland. Adam Hoppar (d.1529), Katrine's brother, was married to Katherine Bellenden the seamstress of James V of Scotland.
Katrine Hoppar had a relation, probably an aunt, Isobel Hoppar, the daughter of Richard Hoppar. Isobel's first husband was Master John Murray of Black Barony, a clerk of the exchequer, who was killed at Flodden. In 1515 Isobel was described as a "rich widow of Edinburgh" by Baron Dacre. Isobel's second husband was Archibald Douglas of Kilspindie, called "Greysteil", brother and advisor of the Earl of Angus. By the King's gift in 1526, Archibald Douglas of Kilspindie and Isobel Hoppar were given another property on the south side of the High Street, when Kilspindie was Lord High Treasurer and Provost of Edinburgh. The house had belonged to Isobel's former husband and to James Forstar or Forrester, son of Jonet Halyburton and a grandson of Sir Duncan Forrester of Garden.
Archibald and Isobel lost the Forrester house, and the lands she held near Peebles when James V reached his majority and escaped from the Douglases. On 5 September 1528 the Earl of Angus shouted over the Tweed to the Earl of Northumberland's steward that if his family was forced into exile at Norham Castle, Isobel Hoppar would wait on his daughter Margaret Douglas. Isobel continued to serve Margaret as her "gentlewoman" at Berwick Castle. The English diplomat Thomas Magnus wrote that Isobel "totally ordoured" Kilspindie, and in turn Kilspindie and George Douglas had brought the Earl of Angus to his troubles. Kilspindie's house was given to the new treasurer Robert Cairncross.
Katrine's sister Janet was married to Hugh Rig of Carberry, a lawyer who acted for Isobel Hoppar after Kilspindie's death, and was said to have been an advisor and flatterer of Regent Arran before the battle of Pinkie. George Buchanan wrote that Hugh was notable more for his large size and strength than his knowledge of military tactics. Elizabeth Hoppar, perhaps Katherine Bellenden's daughter, was married to Patrick Tennent of Cairns, the brother of the King's servant and yeoman of the crossbow, John Tennent. She had four daughters. Eufamia Moubray, probably a sister of Andrew (III), was married to the diplomat and king's advocate Adam Otterburn.
Andrew Moubray (III) also had two properties on the opposite side of the road to Moubray House, one near a tennis court called a "caichpule", the other next to the house given to Kilspindie. In 1541, Katherine Bellenden, now married to Oliver Sinclair, with John Tennent and other kin who served the royal household donated an adjacent property to the west of Moubray House for a chantry in St Giles and various charities.
Also in 1541, Andrew Mowbray (III) travelled to Middelburg as commissioner for the city of Edinburgh to negotiate a trade agreement with Maximilian II of Burgundy. Maximilian was prompted to fix the centre for Scottish trade at Veere. Andrew was sent to Flanders again in 1544, carrying a letter of accreditation describing in French the 'great and ancient amity between Scotland and Flanders.' With the Scottish ambassador, he spoke at a meeting in Antwerp with officials and representatives of the Lord of Beveren in April 1545. 
Andrew Moubray (III) died in 1545 in Flanders. His eldest son Edward Moubray was still a minor. John Danielstoun, Parson of Dysart was appointed guardian of Edward Moubray (who died young). Andrew had left some possessions in Veere and Middelburg, which were passed to his executor there, Andrew Cupar. During the war of the Rough Wooing, his widow Katrine Hoppar (died 1551) supplied iron from Gdansk for entrenching tools sent to Jedburgh in February 1549. In 1550 she was refunded money that she had contributed for the "Raid of the Borrowmure", an abandoned military action planned for the Siege of Haddington.
Robert Moubray, John Knox, and the Pringles.
Robert Moubray, a son of Andrew (III) and Katrine Hoppar inherited the house when he came of age. In the 1560s he let another property, which he had inherited from his grandmother Elizabeth Carkettill, to the town council for the use of John Knox. which, it has been suggested, had grounds which backed onto the Nor' Loch and was in the area of Warriston's Close, west of Edinburgh City Chambers and close to St Giles. The Moubray House and "John Knox House" grounds would have backed onto Trinity College Kirk. The adjacent house to the west of this Warriston's close property had belonged to Richard Hoppar, the father of Isobel Hoppar.
Within this other house, the Town Council provided John Knox with a "warm study of deals" against the winter of 1561. In March 1565, Robert Moubray exchanged the house occupied by John Knox with the lawyer Robert Scott for a loan.
Robert had a baker as his tenant in the shop of another house on the south side of the street.
During the "Lang Siege" of Edinburgh Castle, when William Kirkcaldy of Grange bombarded the town, Robert Moubray and his family left Edinburgh and moved to Leith for safety. When the siege was concluded and the burgesses were required to return, in November 1573 the Town Council granted his wish to remain in Leith over the winter because his wife, Janet Cant, was ill. Janet outlived him, and died in 1592. By this time, James Hoppringle or Pringle of Whytbank and Woodhead and his wife Mariota Murray were already in possession of the Netherbow House. In November 1595, their son, James Pringle of Whytbank made a successful plea to the Privy Council on behalf of seven schoolchildren who had been imprisoned following the shooting of Baillie John MacMorran. His son, also James Pringle, served in the Garde Écossaise and married Sophia Schoner, a daughter of Anne of Denmark's doctor in 1622. He was fined by Parliament for his support of Charles I in 1646.
The building and later history.
In its origins, the tenement is a rare survivor of the Burning of Edinburgh in 1544, when Henry VIII of England ordered the Earl of Hertford to "put all to fire and sword, burn Edinburgh town". In Trunk's close, over a stone vaulted basement, can be seen "massive corbelled projections" which contained straight flights of stairs serving the north wing, perhaps part of Adam Moubray (III)'s building of 1529 and its extension. One of these stairs rises from the first-floor hall of this "back-land," where a later sixteenth-century painted ceiling of "exceptional quality" was discovered in 1999. This room is lit by a row of windows facing east.
The Royal Mile facade is from c.1630. There is moulded plaster ceiling of this date in the second-floor front room, which includes the Seton heraldic badge of crescent and cinquefoil. The painted Pringle coat of arms in this room may indicate that Jean Pringle of Galasheils lived here, who was traditionally identified as the "black eyed lass o' Galasheils" in the ballad "Gala Water." However, Robert Pringle of Howlatson (Howliston) inherited the right to this heraldry in 1650, the date of the painting, which passed in 1653 to Pringle of Whytbank and Yair.
The painter George Jamesone lived in the property, Daniel Defoe edited the "Edinburgh Courant" newspaper from the house in 1710. In the 18th century the building housed a tavern, and until 1822 the shop on the street front was the premises of the publisher and bookseller Archibald Constable, proprietor of the "Scots Magazine", the "Edinburgh Review" and the "Encyclopædia Britannica".
Moubray House was restored by the Cockburn Association in 1910, and in the 1970s by the architect Nicholas Groves-Raines. In the mid 1900s, Moubray House was the home and shop of an antiques dealer, Esta Henry. An American benefactor further restored the house and gave it to the nation, in the care of Historic Scotland in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36824380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824380" title="Anjana (disambiguation)">
Anjana (disambiguation)

Anjana may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36824397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824397" title="Trias greenfinch">
Trias greenfinch

The Trias Greenfinch ("Carduelis triasi") is an extinct passerine from the family of Finches (Fringillidae). The fossil remains were unearthed in the Cuevas de los Murciélagos near San Andrés y Sauces in the north of La Palma, Canary Islands. The species epithet commemorates Spanish palaeontologist Miquel Trías who collected the holotype together with Josep Antoni Alcover in July 1985.
Description.
The holotype is an almost complete cranium with both pterygoids but lacking mandible, quadrate bones, and the palatine process of maxilla. The paratypes include a proximal fragment of a right humerus, a distal fragment of a right humerus with a prominent fragmented epicondyle, a left ulna lacking the epiphyseal plate, an almost complete right ulna lacking the olecranon and a complete left carpometacarpus. The cranium length is 34,89 mm, the cranium width is 17,47 mm and the cranium height is 14,31 mm. The maxilla length is 19,10 mm, the maxilla width is 9,67 mm, and the maxilla height is 6,71 mm. The interorbital width is 6,11 mm. The length of the carpometacarpus is 11,69 mm.
The Trias Greenfinch was closely related to the European Greenfinch (C"arduelis chloris"). However, its head was larger and broader and its bill was about 30 percent larger. Its legs were very long and robust, but compared to the Greenfinch its wings were shorter. This might have been an adaption to more terrestrial habits in the laurel forests.
Biology.
Its large bill suggests the assumption that its main diet included large seeds. The shorter wings might have reduced its flight ability which wasn't necessary due to the lack of predators on La Palma.
Extinction.
The fossil material is from layers which are dated to the Late Pleistocene. However, it might have become extinct in the Holocene when the first human settlers accompanied by cats and rats arrived at the Canary Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="36824404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824404" title="Sears Crosstown Building">
Sears Crosstown Building

The Sears Crosstown Building is an art deco high-rise building in Memphis, Tennessee. The building was designed by Nimmons & Co., and construction was completed in 1927. It was one of the first Sears stores designed to attract customers by being situated in a relatively open area of the city and providing a large amount of free parking. The Crosstown Building was a premier Sears retail store for more than 60 years. The building became vacant in the early 1990s after Sears closed many of the buildings it had constructed in the 1920s: the store that had occupied the lower floors was closed in 1983, and the catalog distribution center in 1993.
Attempts by various organizations have begun to repurpose the high-rise. The "Crosstown Arts" project is working on resurrecting the building as a "mixed-used vertical urban village." Developers received commitments from nine prospective tenants called "founding partners" to fill more than 600,000 square feet of the building with various uses, most notability health care. The rebirth is based on a series of Sears reconstructions, most notably the Midtown Exchange in Minneapolis, which was a Sears retail store and was then completely repurposed.
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="36824406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824406" title="Katharinenstraße 9">
Katharinenstraße 9

Katharinenstraße 9, also Catharinenstraße 9, was a town house in the centre of Hamburg, Germany, built 1630-1640. In 1939 the house was added to the list of monuments in central Hamburg. It was not removed until 1954, 13 years after its destruction in 1941.
The building was known for its stucco ceiling, commissioned between 1716 and 1720 by the building's then owner (and later mayor of Hamburg) John Anderson the Elder. The stucco was most likely by the Italian Carlo Enrico Brenno, known to have worked in Hamburg and Schleswig-Holstein. The hamburgmuseum (Hamburg History Museum) has a reconstruction of the ceiling, made from a cast of the original, which includes the original central painting, by Johann Moritz Riesenberger the Younger. The painting celebrates scholarship and art. The ceiling was restored in 2004–2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36824414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824414" title="Hollister Carnegie Library">
Hollister Carnegie Library

The Hollister Carnegie Library (previously: Hollister Free Public Library; now Hollister City Hall) is located on 375 Fifth Street in Hollister, California, US. Established in 1912 as a Carnegie library, decades later, it was re-purposed as a city hall. The building is part of the downtown's National Register-listed historic district, and was entered itself into the National Register on March 26, 1992. 
History.
The city's public library, established in 1884, transitioned into the Hollister Library Association, the Mechanics Library Association, and the Women's Christian Temperance Association reading room. Though the library underwent an expansion after moving into a house on Fifth Street in the early 20th century, it was considered to be too small for the community. After receiving a $10,000 grant from the Andrew Carnegie Library Foundation in 1910, construction of a Carnegie library began in 1911 at 375 Fifth Street. Designed by William Binder of San Jose, the contractor was E. J. Sparling of Hollister. Costs associated with the project included US$2,034 for the lot, $9,983 for the building, and $500 for the furnishings. In 1960, the Holister library and the San Benito County library consolidated, moving into a new building at 470 Fifth Street, while the Carnegie building was re-purposed as a city hall.
Architecture and fittings.
Set back from the street, the slightly raised site contains a retaining wall, lawn, garden area, walkway, and brick path.
The one story building with basement was designed in the Type A Classical Revival style. Its particular classicism architecture style was characterized as being unusually inhibited. There is an asphalt roof, molded panels, Ionic columns, exterior and interior stairways, casement windows, and bracketed sills. The structure was considered to be well adapted to its site as the reinforced concrete foundation and walls made sense for a city situated on the Calaveras Fault. A rear expansion occurred in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="36824423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824423" title="Bert André">
Bert André

Bert André (6 August 1941 in Maastricht – 21 May 2008 in Antwerp) was a Dutch actor. He performed in more than ninety films between 1967 and 2008.
André's daughter Sandrine is also an actress.

</doc>
<doc id="36824433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824433" title="Bambusoceras">
Bambusoceras

Bambusoceras is a Late/Upper Cambrian member of the Ellesmerocerida and probably Ellesmeroceratidae according the Jack Sepkoski's list of cephalopod genera. 
References.
Sepkoski J.J.2002. List of Cephalopod Genera. [http://strata.geology.wisc.edu/jack/showgenera.php?taxon=231&rank=class]

</doc>
<doc id="36824435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824435" title="Mohamed Osman Baloola">
Mohamed Osman Baloola

Mohamed Osman Baloola ( born April 14, 1981) is a Sudanese scientist and inventor who was named among "The World's 500 Most influential Arabs in 2012 and 2013" for his work on diabetes. Eng Mohamed Osman has been a Teaching Assistant of Biomedical Engineering at the Ajman University of Science and Technology since 2010. Baloola won a science and innovation award at the Arabian Business Awards 2011, in the Amrani hotel at Burj Khalifa in Dubai. Mohammad Baloola won Dh40,000 (11,000 US) during a Sharjah Television competition for his invention of a remote monitoring and control system for diabetes patients via mobile phone.
Birth and education.
Mohamed Osman Baloola was born on April 14, 1981 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
Baloola received a Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Engineering from Ajman University of Science and Technology in September 2009. Then he joined Ajman University as Teaching Assistant in the faculty of Engineering. He won many awards during his studies and after graduating.
Diabetes.
Mohamed researches diabetes due to a family history of suffering from the disease. His father, mother and brother are diabetics and his concern for the growing number of diabetics worldwide prompted his invention. He developed a remote monitoring and control system for diabetes symptoms. The Sudanese national set about creating an artificial pancreas and a remote system to monitor the stability of glucose levels in diabetics. The device, which can be linked to a hospital database system as well as family and friends, enables an immediate response if a medical situation arises.

</doc>
<doc id="36824455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824455" title="Viktor Manakov">
Viktor Manakov


</doc>
<doc id="36824464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824464" title="Kōji Saitō">
Kōji Saitō

Kōji Saitō may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36824490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824490" title="Centro de Previsão do Tempo e Estudos Climáticos">
Centro de Previsão do Tempo e Estudos Climáticos

"Centro de Previsão do Tempo e Estudos Climáticos" (CPTEC) is the weather forecasting agency of Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="36824524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824524" title="Festoon (horse)">
Festoon (horse)

Festoon (1951–1973) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and boodmare, best known for winning the 1000 Guineas in 1954 and setting a world record when being sold at auction later that year. In a racing career which lasted from autumn 1953 to July 1954 the filly ran seven times and won three races. After winning her only race as a two-year-old, Festoon won the Classic 1000 Guineas over one mile at Newmarket Racecourse the following spring. She failed to stay the distance in the Epsom Oaks but returned to one mile to win the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot and finish third against colts in the Sussex Stakes at Goodwood. She was then retired to stud where she produced several winners.
Background.
Festoon was a chestnut mare with a prominent white blaze and long white socks on her hind legs. She was bred by her owner John Arthur "Lucky" Dewar, an industrialist who had inherited a fortune including a string of racehorses from his uncle Thomas Dewar, 1st Baron Dewar in 1930. Festoon was sired by Fair Trial a successful racehorse who became Britain's Champion sire in 1950. Her dam, Monsoon finished second in the wartime substitute Oaks in 1943 and was bought by Dewar as a prospective broodmare for 7,300 guineas at the end of her racing career. Before foaling Festoon, Monsoon had produced Refreshed, a filly who finished third in the 1000 Guineas in 1952. As a descendant of the broodmare Rose Red, Monsoon came from the same branch of Thoroughbred "Family" 1-w which later produced Celtic Ash, Larkspur, Altesse Royale and Nocturnal Spree.
Festoon was trained throughout her brief career by Noel Cannon at the Druid's Lodge stables on Salisbury Plain, Wiltshire.
Racing career.
Festoon was slow to mature as a two-year-old and ran only once in 1953, winning a minor race over six furlongs.
On her first appearance as a three-year-old, Festoon finished second to Key in the 1000 Guineas Trial at Kempton Park in March. In the 1000 Guineas, Festoon started at odds of 9/2 in a field of twelve fillies, with Key being made the 5/2 favourite. Ridden by the Australian jockey Scobie Breasley she led from the start and won by two lengths from Big Berry with Welsh Fairy a length further back in third. On her next appearance, Festoon ran in the ten furlong Druid's Plate at her home course of Salisbury and was beaten by Valerullah, a colt to whom she was attempting to concede sixteen pounds. The win led some observers to conclude that Festoon had stamina limitations, especially as Fair Trial's progeny seldom excelled at distances beyond nine furlongs.
Festoon was nevertheless moved up in distance again for the Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom. Ridden by Joe Mercer, who took over the ride after Breasley was badly injured in a fall in a race at Alexandra Park, she finished fifth to the French-trained filly Sun Cap, apparently failing to stay the distance. At Royal Ascot, Festoon returned to one mile to contest the Coronation Stakes. Ridden again by Mercer she started 11/8 favourite and won impressively from Sybil's Niece. On her final appearance, Festoon was matched against colts in the one mile Sussex Stakes at Goodwood in July. In a race run in atrocious weather she started 2/1 second favourite behind the Queen's colt Landau. Festoon challenged Landau for the lead in the straight but weakened in the closing stages and lost second place to Orthopaedic in the closing stages.
Assessment and honours.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Festoon an "average" winner of the 1000 Guineas.
Breasley considered Festoon one of the best horses he had ridden up to that time, comparing her to the outstanding Australian mare Tranquil Star.
Stud record.
On the death of John Arthur Dewar in August 1954, shortly after Festoon's last race, his bloodstock was dispersed at auction. At the Newmarket sales in December Festoon was bought by Anthony Askew for 36,000 guineas, reported as a world record price for a broodmare. As a broodmare she produced five winners, two of which were close to top class: Pindaric (sired by Pinza), won the Lingfield Derby Trial in 1962, while Atilla ("sic"), by Alcide, was a successful international performer whose wins included the Gran Premio del Jockey Club and the Grosser Preis von Baden. Festoon died in 1973 at the San Quentin stud.

</doc>
<doc id="36824535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824535" title="Thina">
Thina

Thina (Pali, also "thīna") is a Buddhist term that is translated as "sloth". "Thina" is defined as sluggishness or dullness of mind, characterized by a lack of driving power. In the Theravada tradition, "thina" is said to occur in conjunction with middha ("torpor"), which is defined as a morbid state that is characterized by unwieldiness, lack of energy, and opposition to wholesome activity. The two mental factors in conjunction are expressed as thina-middha ("sloth-torpor").
Thina is identified as:
Explanation.
Bhikkhu Bodhi explains:
The Atthasālinī (II, Book I, Part IX, Chapter II, 255) states about sloth and torpor: “Absence of striving, difficulty through inability, is the meaning.” We then read the following definitions of sloth and torpor:
Nina van Gorkom explains:

</doc>
<doc id="36824540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824540" title="2012–13 Southern District RSA season">
2012–13 Southern District RSA season

The 2012–13 season is Southern District RSA's debut season in the Hong Kong First Division League since their establishment. They will seek to avoid relegation in the Hong Kong First Division League, as well as to achieve a better result in the Senior Challenge Shield and the FA Cup.
Players.
First Team Squad.
Remarks:<br>
FP These players are registered as foreign players.<br>
Player with dual nationality:
Matches.
Competitive.
Hong Kong AFC Cup play-offs.
Remarks: <br>
1 The capacity of Aberdeen Sports Ground is originally 9,000, but the only the 4,000-seated main stand is opened for football match.<br>
2 Wofoo Tai Po's home match against Southern of FA Cup first round will be played at Kowloon Bay Park instead of Wofoo Tai Po's home ground Tai Po Sports Ground.

</doc>
<doc id="36824569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824569" title="Robert Murray (died 1672)">
Robert Murray (died 1672)

Sir Robert Murray of Cameron (died 1672) was a Scottish politician.
He was the second son of James Murray (died 1649), of Deuchar in Selkirkshire, who was a younger son (the second son to be called James) of Patrick Murray of Philiphaugh. 
Robert Murray served as Lord Provost of Edinburgh, and represented the city in the Parliament of Scotland from 1661 to 1663.
His eldest son Alexander Murray of Melgund was the father of Sir Alexander Murray, 1st Baronet. A younger son Robert Murray was the father of Sir Joseph Murray, 3rd Baronet. 

</doc>
<doc id="36824572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824572" title="Frankie Merrifield">
Frankie Merrifield

Frankie Edward Peter Merrifield (born 8 January 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Conference South side Hayes & Yeading United.
Career.
AFC Wimbledon.
Merrifield signed his first professional contract with AFC Wimbledon in December 2011, having joined the club's youth system at the age of 16 two years previously. Merrifield's contract with the club was extended on 18 May 2012. Merrifield made his league debut in a 5–1 defeat by Bradford City on 25 August 2012 as an 87th minute substitute for Christian Jolley. The midfielder scored his first senior goal for AFC Wimbledon in the First Round of the 2012-13 Football League Trophy on 4 September 2012. Despite a hotly contested derby the game ended as a 2–1 defeat by Southend United after Ryan Cresswell scored for the Shrimpers in the fourth minute of stoppage time. Merrifield made his first league start for the Dons on 8 September 2012 in a 2–0 defeat against Northampton Town. On 30 November 2012, Merrifield was loaned out to Isthmian League Premier Division side Harrow Borough on an initial two-month loan deal along with fellow team-mate Emmanuel Akokhia. He made his debut for The Boro in a 0–0 draw with Whitehawk on 1 December 2012. On 8 December 2012, he struck a first-half equaliser for Harrow Borough against East Thurrock United, with the match eventually ending as a 3–2 defeat. On 29 January 2013, Merrifield scored his second league goal in a 3–2 loss to Metropolitan Police. On 4 February 2013, it was announced that Merrifield's loan spell had been extended by a further month. On 4 March 2013, it was announced that Merrifield had returned to AFC Wimbledon having made seven appearances in total for Harrow Borough. On 1 July 2013, it was announced that Merrifield had left the club.
Hayes & Yeading United.
Merrifield featured in two of Hayes & Yeading United's pre-season matches after Phil Babb made his interest in the midfielder known. On 27 July 2013, he scored one goal in the 3–1 victory over Wealdstone, in the 63rd minute. On 15 August, he was announced as one of the club's new summer signings.

</doc>
<doc id="36824593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824593" title="Basilica of Nuestra Señora de la Merced (Lima)">
Basilica of Nuestra Señora de la Merced (Lima)

The Basílica Menor y Convento de Nuestra Señora de la Merced (Basilica and Convent of Our Lady of Mercy, in English) is a religious building in Peru which was built by Fray Miguel de Orenes in 1535, taken by the holder to the Archangel Michael.
In the Basilica is dedicated to the patron of the Armed Forces of Peru.
Location in the city.
The Church of Our Lady of Mercy is located at the junction of the block 6 of Jirón de la Unión (Street La Merced) with the first block of Jirón Antonio Miro Quesada (Street Jesús Nazareno), in the Historic Centre of Lima.
History.
As old as the city of Lima are the Convent and the Church of La Merced. According to ancient chronicles, the Convent and Church was built on the land that belonged to the Mercedaria order. It happens that the April 13, 1534, Captain Francisco de Becerra donated to this lot, plus six thousand pesos to the Convent of the Nativity of Our Lady, which later was called the Convent of the Mother of God of Mercy. In the preparatory Crypt beside the sacristy, are the graves of the famous donor with his wife. The Mercedarios is one of the religious orders that came to catechize the conquered peoples in Peru. A year before Francisco Pizarro, down here, while the founder of Lima was Cusco and Jauja. The first church was wooden, the current is the second, made of adobe and brick, its baroque facade was carved in 1591 by Cristóbal Gómez.
The Venerable Padre Urraca.
Fray Pedro Urraca was born in the town of Jadraque in Aragon, Spain, in 1583, came from Spain at age 19 and fate decided his vocation. They say that the ship he was traveling was about to sink because of the presence of a great storm that endangered the lives of the crew, then Pedro Urraca gave his life to the Virgin if he could save himself, suddenly calmed the sea, and the boat trip to Quito continued peacefully. In this city Pedro Urraca began his novitiate. From this place he was sent to Peru. During his lifetime use sackcloth and iron chains on the body to do penance. After thirty years he plowed into the meat producing to deep wounds, the doctor removed by order of the confessor. After many years he returned to Spain, where he became spiritual director of Queen Elisabeth of France. Although he was asked to stay on the court, he chose to return to Lima where he died on August 7, 1657 at 74 years of age. His remains are located on the floor of the church, in the nave of the Epistle, there exists an inscription that reads: ""In and under the earth lies the corpse of the servant of God Fray Pedro Urraca of the Blessed Trinity"". His cause for beatification began in Rome on April 29, 1682. His heroic virtues were proclaimed on January 31, 1981 and was declared Venerable by Pope John Paul II then.

</doc>
<doc id="36824603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824603" title="Herbert Frood">
Herbert Frood

Herbert Frood (1864 - 1 May 1931) was an English inventor, industrialist, and entrepreneur. He is known for being the inventor of brake pads.
Early life.
Frood was born in Doncaster, a town in the West Riding of Yorkshire, where he grew up. He was the oldest of four children. His father was Charles Trefusis Frood, born on 1 December in 1827 in Surrey. Herbert Frood's training was not in engineering. 
Career.
Frood started the Herbert Frood Company in around 1905, having started in the engineering business in 1897. His company developed friction surfaces for vehicle braking systems.
Ferodo.
Whereas other inventors concentrated on the means of placing pressure on the vehicle wheel in the braking system, Frood was one of the few to simply look at the type of material being used for contacting the wheel's surface - a more efficient frictional surface. He developed better brakes because of the inadequacies of (primitive) shoe brakes on the Derbyshire hills. After the success of his invention, Frood started a new company called Ferodo (based on the letters of his name, with an additional "E").
His invention initially used solid woven cotton impregnated with natural resins for brake pads (friction linings). Later phenol formaldehyde resins were used.
Frood became Joint Managing Director of Ferodo with William Horrocks. On 21 January 1920, Ferodo Ltd. was floated on the London Stock Exchange. Frood retired in 1927.
Personal life.
In September 1918, Herbert Frood bought the well-known Cat and Fiddle Inn (the second-highest pub in England, next to the source of the River Mersey near Shining Tor). The pub was in danger of being closed, and Frood planned to build a garage next to the pub.
Frood was married twice. He had two daughters from his first marriage in 1893. He was married again on 21 April 1926 at Woodford church in Cheshire, by the vicar of Poynton. From this marriage he had three children; a daughter Nida (b. November 1927), a son Herbert (b. 1930), and another daughter born in 1931. He initially lived with his family on Manchester Road in Buxton, although later put their house up for sale a few months after the marriage.
Frood died in May 1931, at the age of 67. His second wife died on 21 October 1943 at the age of 48. His son Herbert married in Liverpool in 1959, and died in Cheshire in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36824604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824604" title="Valery Movchan">
Valery Movchan

Valeriy Ivanovych Movchan (14 June 1959) is a Soviet cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36824607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824607" title="Lee Chang-hoon">
Lee Chang-hoon

Lee Chang-hoon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36824619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824619" title="Edward Hutchinson (mercer)">
Edward Hutchinson (mercer)

Edward Hutchinson (c. 1564 - 1632) was a mercer and a resident of Lincolnshire, England, most noted for the careers of his children in New England. While his father and several of his uncles and brothers became prominent as clergymen, aldermen, sheriffs, and mayors in the city of Lincoln, Edward focused his efforts on his business after moving to the town of Alford. Remarkably, not a single record for him has been found in Alford, other than his burial and the baptisms of his 11 children, but he likely gained a considerable estate, and his children married into prominent families. What was most exceptional about Edward Hutchinson occurred following his 1632 death. Beginning in 1634, five of his nine surviving children and his widow immigrated to New England, and all six of them were exiled from the Massachusetts Bay Colony as a result of the events of the Antinomian Controversy from 1636 to 1638. From Boston two of his children went south and became founding settlers of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, and three of them, with his widow, went north to establish Exeter in the Province of New Hampshire, and then proceeded to Wells, Maine. Because of their involvement in the controversy, his children had a disproportionately large role in the establishment of these new settlements in New England.
Life.
Edward Hutchinson was born about 1564 in the parish of St Mary le Wigford in Lincoln in the county of Lincolnshire, England. While the baptismal records for the parish are now lost for that timeframe, Hutchinson's birth year has been determined with a fair amount of accuracy from his apprenticeship records. He was the youngest son, and only son of the second marriage, of John Hutchinson (1515-1565) who had been Sheriff, Alderman, and Mayor of the town of Lincoln, dying in office during his second term as mayor. Edward Hutchinson's mother was Anne, the second wife of his father John, whose maiden name is unknown. Anne had been married earlier, because in her will she mentioned her "son William Clinte," her "son Edward Kirkebie," and her "son Thomas Pinder," though the last two are presumed to be sons-in-law. Anne bore two Hutchinson children, and both her son Edward and the husband of her daughter Mary Freeston were appointed as executors to her will.
As a young man, Edward was apprenticed to Edmund Knyght, Alderman and mercer of Lincoln, for a period of eight years. By 1592 Hutchinson had become a mercer in his own right, and was living in Alford, Lincolnshire. Here he left behind almost no records, other than the baptisms of his children. His wife was Susan (or Susanna), as named in the will of his cousin, Margery Neale, who left a legacy to their daughter, Hester. He acquired a good estate, and Chester finds it astonishing that there is neither a will nor administration of his estate to be found in either London or Lincolnshire, noting, "it seems almost impossible, from his business, and the character of the matches made by his children, that he was not a man of considerable position and estate." Edward Hutchinson was buried in Alford on 14 February 1631/2 (and not September 1631 as stated by Whitmore).
Probably the most remarkable aspect of Edward Hutchinson's life is what happened after he died: five of his nine adult children and his widow immigrated to New England, and all six of them were exiled from the Massachusetts Bay Colony as a result of the events of the Antinomian Controversy. During the controversy, the two most prominent antagonists of the established magistrates and clergy of the colony were Anne Hutchinson and John Wheelwright, both of them married to children of Edward. His other three children in New England, and his widow, were involved in the controversy as supporters or family members of supporters. Therefore, when Anne Hutchinson and John Wheelwright were banished from the colony, their family members went with them. Anne Hutchinson, her husband William, and many of their supporters established the first government in what would become the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations; William's brother, Edward ("Sr.") became a part of this group. John Wheelwright, with many of his supporters, established the settlement of Exeter in the Province of New Hampshire; his wife Mary Hutchinson and her siblings Samuel Hutchinson and Susanna (Hutchinson) Storre were all a part of this group, which also included Edward Hutchinson's elderly widow, Susanna. In this manner, the Hutchinsons, children of Edward Hutchinson, as a family, had a disproportionately large impact on the establishment of two new settlements in New England.
Family.
Edward and Susanna Hutchinson had 11 known children whose baptisms were recorded in the Alford parish register. The oldest, William, was baptised 14 August 1586, married Anne Marbury, the daughter of Reverend Francis Marbury, and went to New England. Theophilus was baptised 8 September 1588, and because he is not heard of again, Chester surmises that he likely died as a youngster while his parents were travelling, and was buried away from Alford. Samuel was baptised 1 November 1590 and went to New England and Esther (or Hester) was baptised 22 July 1593, and married in 1613 Reverend Thomas Rishworth of Laceby. John was baptised 18 May 1595, being buried in Alford on 20 June 1644 and Richard, baptised 3 January 1597/8 died in London with his will proved 11 April 1670. Susanna was baptised 25 November 1599 and buried in Alford on 5 August 1601; four days later a second Susanna was baptised on 9 August 1601, and she married Augustine Storre and immigrated to New England. The next child, Anne, was baptised 12 June 1603 and may have married a Levitt, then Maria or Mary was baptised on 22 December 1605, married John Wheelwright, and immigrated to New England. The youngest child, Edward, was baptised 20 December 1607 and immigrated to New England, though he returned to England.
The widow Susanna Hutchinson.
Edward Hutchinson's wife, Susanna, was born in 1564 by some accounts, but certainly in the 1560s, as her first child was baptised in 1586. After becoming widowed, she left four grown children behind in England, and in 1636, at the age of around 70 years, arrived in New England with the family of her daughter Mary Wheelwright. The Wheelwrights lived in Boston proper upon their arrival in the colonies, but soon had property in Mount Wollaston, an area south of Boston that became the town of Quincy where Wheelwright preached. Almost immediately upon their arrival, Wheelwright became embroiled in the events of the Antinomian Controversy and was banished from the colony in November 1637. While Wheelwright headed north to New Hampshire that winter, his family, including his mother-in-law Susanna, stayed at Mount Wollaston, waiting for spring before joining him. After living in Exeter for three or four years, Wheelwright was compelled to move again, and established a community at Wells, Maine by 1642, where he and his family lived until early 1647. It is here in Wells that Susanna died, and Noyes, Libby and Davis offer that she "may be the earliest born emigrant to die in Maine."
The children who went to New England.
Of Edward Hutchinson's nine children who reached maturity, five of them immigrated to New England, though one of the five, Edward, eventually returned to England to live.
William Hutchinson.
William, baptised 14 August 1586, grew up in Alford and became a merchant in the cloth trade, moving to London as a young man. Here he became close to an old acquaintance from Alford, Anne Marbury, the daughter of Francis Marbury and Bridget Dryden, and the couple was married on 9 August 1612 at the Church of Saint Mary Woolnoth on Lombard Street in London. He and his wife raised a large family in Alford, as he prospered in his business. The couple had 14 children in England, one of whom died in infancy, and two of whom died from the plague. In 1633 the Hutchinsons sent their oldest son, 20-year old Edward (called Edward, Jr.) to New England with William's youngest brother, Edward (called Edward, Sr.), who was 25 at the time, and his wife. A year later William and his remaining family made the trip to New England aboard the ship Griffin. William became a Boston merchant, became a member of the Boston church in 1634, and took the freeman's oath in 1635. He was also a Deputy to the General Court and a selectman.
Hutchinson's wife was described by historian Thomas W. Bicknell as "a pure and excellent woman, to whose person and conduct there attaches no stain." Governor John Winthrop called her "a woman of ready wit and bold spirit," who had brought with her two dangerous theological errors, elaborating upon them in his journal. She held private meetings at her home, drawing many people from Boston as well as other towns, including many prominent citizens, and treated them to a religious view that was antithetical to the rigid orthodoxy of the Puritan church. As the situation worsened, Mrs. Hutchinson was put on trial in November 1637, convicted, and banished from the colony along with some of her supporters, then detained until the following March, pending a church trial.
On 7 March 1638, before leaving Boston, William Hutchinson and other supporters of his wife signed an instrument, sometimes called the Portsmouth Compact, agreeing to form a non-sectarian government that was Christian in character. The group of signers considered going to New Netherland, but Roger Williams suggested they purchase some land on the Narragansett Bay from the Indians, which they did. They settled on the island of Aquidneck (an island called Rhode Island, whose name was later given to the entire colony and state), and formed the settlement of Pocasset, renamed Portsmouth in 1639. Hutchinson became the judge (governor) of the Portsmouth settlement from 1639 until 12 March 1640, when Portsmouth united with Newport to become the Colony of Rhode Island, with William Coddington elected as governor of the two-town colony, and Hutchinson becoming one of his assistants. William Hutchinson died in Portsmouth shortly after June 1641, after which his widow left Rhode Island to live in the part of New Netherland that later became Bronx in New York City. Here, as the result of tensions between the Dutch and the Indians, she, six of her children, a son-in-law, and as many as seven others (likely servants) were massacred by Indians in late summer 1643.
Samuel Hutchinson.
Samuel, baptised in Alford on 1 November 1590, had religious leanings, was educated, and like his younger brother Edward, published theological treatises that displayed a command of Latin. Perhaps because of his religious desires, he departed England in the late spring of 1637, arriving in Boston on 12 July with a group of others from Lincolnshire. The Antinomian Controversy was about at its peak when he arrived, and as a result a law had been passed requiring new immigrants to disavow the doctrine of the free-grace advocates (Anne Hutchinson, John Wheelwright, and their allies). This they would not do, and were therefore limited to four months in the colony. When the court met again in November, Samuel was allowed to remain in the colony until after the winter.
Samuel went to Exeter in the spring of 1638, and was a grantee in one of the Indian deeds in April of that year. In September 1641, after Wheelwright was forced to leave Exeter, Samuel Hutchinson and Nicholas Needham and some others negotiated with Thomas Gorges for land at Wells, Maine where most of the settlers soon proceeded. Samuel received a grant of land in Rhode Island where his brother William had gone, but if he went there, did not stay long. In 1644 he was bequeathed a small legacy by the will of his brother John, who remained in England.
At some point Samuel returned to Boston, and in 1667 published a small treatise defending the concept of the Millennium (the creation of a "glorious church" before the Second Coming of Christ), but it gives no hint of his attitude toward the theology of his in-laws Anne Hutchinson and John Wheelwright. On 7 April 1667 he wrote his will, calling himself of Boston. He mentioned no wife or children, but made bequests to a large number of relatives, including "couzen" Susanna Cole (actually his niece) and "couzen" Peleg Sanford (actually his grand-nephew), to whom he left an orchard in Portsmouth, Rhode Island. Witnesses to his will signed a deposition on 16 July 1667, suggesting that he had died by that date.
Susanna Hutchinson.
Baptised in Alford on 9 August 1601, Susanna was married there on 21 November 1623 to Augustine Storre. Her husband was the son of Thomas Storre, the vicar of Bilsby, Lincolnshire, after whose death John Wheelwright became the vicar. Wheelwright's first wife, Mary, was the sister of Augustine, and when she died, Wheelwright then married Susanna's younger sister, Mary Hutchinson. The Storres likely arrived in Boston in July 1637, on the same ship with Susanna's brother Samuel Hutchinson. They were still in Boston in 1638 when on 3 April Augustine was named in a deed of land from an Indian sagamore to a group of settlers preparing to establish Exeter in the Province of New Hampshire. By 1639 Storre was in Exeter, and his name appears second on the list of signatories, after Wheelwright's, of the combination, dated 4 July 1639, forming the government there. On 18 January 1640 Storre was selected as an assistant "Ruler" of the new settlement, a position similar to that of selectman. When Wheelwright was forced to leave Exeter, the Storres went with him to Wells, Maine, but there are no records of Augustine there, suggesting that he soon died.
In 1644, Susanna was named in the will of John Hutchinson, one of her brothers still living in England, being called "sister Stor." The following year Susanna was back in Boston as the wife of another Lincolnshire emigrant, Atherton Hough ("Huff"). On 4 April 1646, Mrs. Susanna Hough "upon letters of dismission from the church at Wells," was admitted to the Boston church. Her second husband died just a few years later, on 11 September 1650, and she was dead the following May when the inventory of her estate was taken. She had no known children, but a "list of debts & legacies" from her estate includes the names of several relatives, including her "sister Whelwright" and "her brother Sam Hutchinson."
Mary Hutchinson.
Mary, baptised 22 December 1605 married John Wheelwright sometime about 1630 when she was 24 years old. Wheelwright's first wife, Mary Storre, died in 1629, leaving him with three small children. Following his marriage to Mary, the couple had three children baptised in England (one died young) and five more in New England. Wheelwright had been the vicar of the parish church in Bilsby, Lincolnshire for ten years when in 1633 he was released from the position, apparently for simony when he tried to sell his position back to the patron. He may have been trying to gather funds for a trip to New England, but instead was forced to find other employment until he was finally able to emigrate in 1636. Mary's mother, the widowed Susanna Hutchinson, likely sailed to New England with the Wheelwrights, because she lived with this family for the remainder of her life.
Once in New England, Wheelwright quickly became embroiled in the events of the Antinomian Controversy that was shaking the foundation of the young Massachusetts colony. When he was banished, and spent the winter of 1637-1638 in southern New Hampshire, Mary, her children, and her mother stayed at their farm in Mount Wollaston, about ten miles south of Boston. They then joined him in the foundling settlement of Exeter, where they stayed for a few years. They were then compelled to move once again, by early 1642, this time to Wells, Maine, and this is where Mary's mother died. In early 1647 Wheelwright was given a pastoring position at the church in Hampton (then a part of the Bay Colony), where the family moved next. They were together here as a family for almost ten years, but by 1655 they were back in Mary's home town in England where on 12 December a salary augmentation of £60 was to be granted "to John Wheelwright, minister of Alford, co. Lincoln, who has a great charge of children, beside the £40 already allowed." Upon their return from England in 1662 the family moved to Salisbury, Massachusetts where Wheelwright died in 1679. All that is known about Mary is that she predeceased him.
Edward Hutchinson, Sr..
Edward was baptised in Alford on 20 December 1607, was educated, and like his brother Samuel, published religious treatises that showed his fluency with Latin. Though his father was Edward, he is called Edward, Sr. in New England to distinguish him from his nephew, called Edward Jr. In the summer of 1633, at the age of 25, he sailed to New England aboard the ship "Griffin", accompanied by this nephew, Edward, the oldest son of his oldest brother, William. On the same ship was the future minister of the Boston church, John Cotton.
Edward was admitted to the Boston church in October 1633, and was made a freeman the following March. In November 1634 he was on a committee to assess various rates for Boston, and he carried the title of Sergeant by 1637. As a young adult, Edward became caught up in the events of the Antinomian Controversy from 1636 to 1638, in which his sister-in-law, Anne Hutchinson, and his brother-in-law, John Wheelwright, were centrally involved. On 2 November 1637, following Anne's sentence of banishment, and while she was awaiting her church trial, Edward was "convented for having his hand to the seditious libel, justifying the same, & using contemptuous speeches, the Court did disfranchise him, fine him in £40, put him from office, & commit him during the pleasure of the Court." On 20 November he was on a list of those who were disarmed as a result of the controversy, and the following March he and William Baulston were given license to depart out of the jurisdiction. During this time he was among a group of 23 men who signed a compact, dated 7 March 1638, establishing a new government. He signed the compact as "Edward Hutchinson, Sr." because his nephew Edward, the son of William and Anne Hutchinson, also signed the document, as "Edward Hutchinson, Jr." The signatories were not sure where to go, but were convinced by Roger Williams to buy land of the natives and settle near the Narragansett Bay. This is what most of the signers of the compact did, establishing the settlement of Pocasset on Aquidneck Island, soon to become Portsmouth in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.
Edward was a baker, and in November 1638 he was ordered to bake bread "for the use of the plantation" in Portsmouth. He was also one of three men appointed to administer the venison trade with the natives. His stay in Rhode Island was short, and he had returned to England sometime before 1644 when he was a witness to the will of his brother John. Once back in England he became a member of the "Ironmonger's Company," and was in business in London.
Edward's wife was named Sarah, and since she was admitted to the Boston church in December 1633, she almost certainly sailed to New England with him. The couple had two children baptised in Boston, John and Ichabod, but there is no further record of either of them. Edward and his wife were both still alive in 1669 when mentioned in the will of his brother Richard. Online accounts that give his death date as 1675 are confusing him with his nephew Edward, who died that year from wounds received during King Philips War.
The children who remained in England.
Of Edward Hutchinson's nine grown children, four of them remained in England, but two of the four had ties with New England, and a third one may have as well. His daughter Esther married Reverend Thomas Rishworth, and though they remained in England, their son Edward went to New England with his Hutchinson and Wheelwright kin, and followed his Uncle John Wheelwright from Boston to Exeter where he signed the Exeter compact in 1639. Young Rishworth followed Wheelwright to Wells and then Hampton, before moving to York, Maine where he became the recorder for the Maine province, a position he held for nearly 35 years.
Edward Hutchinson's son Richard also remained in England, but four of his sons emigrated, and it is through them that Richard had numerous business ties with the colonies. The sons who came to New England were Edward, Eliakim, Samuel, and William, and they all had land and business interests in Maine. Richard was an "opulent ironmonger in London" who was a partner in Beex and Company, represented in New England by his sons. Richard wrote his will on 4 November 1669, in which he left sizeable bequests to his many children, and also left ten pounds to his "brother Edward Hutchinson and his wife."
Hutchinson's daughter Anne may have had ties to New England, but this is not known definitively. She may have been the "sister Levitt" mentioned in the will of her brother John Hutchinson in 1644. A theory has been presented that her husband was Thomas Leavitt who was baptised at Melton in County York on 8 July 1594, the nephew of Reverend Ralph Leavitt of Grainsby, Lincolnshire, but none of this has been substantiated. If true, however, then Thomas and Anne Leavitt are likely the parents of Thomas Leavitt who signed the compact in Exeter, New Hampshire in 1639, then moved to Hampton.
Only Hutchinson's son John had no established or suspected relationship with New England. John was a woollen draper in Alford, and likely did not marry Elizabeth Woodthorpe, as stated in several accounts. He is certainly the John Hutchinson who married on 5 October 1626 Bridget, the daughter of William Bury. He died before his 50th birthday, leaving a detailed will, and his wife lived as his widow for nearly 45 years thereafter. The couple had ten children, all baptised at Alford.

</doc>
<doc id="36824622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824622" title="Circus of Antioch">
Circus of Antioch

The Circus of Antioch is a Roman hippodrome in Antioch, in present day Turkey. Used for chariot racing, it was modelled on the Circus Maximus in Rome and other circus buildings throughout the empire. Measuring more than 490 m in length and 30 m of width.
The circus could house up to 80,000 spectators.
History.
There is no consensus about the circus' dating, as it was built and used for several years before its official dedication. It seems to have been built sometime around 100 BC. 

</doc>
<doc id="36824627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824627" title="Pardosa amentata">
Pardosa amentata

Pardosa amentata, otherwise known as the wolf spider or spotted wolf spider is a species of spider in the genus "Pardosa" belonging to the family of wolf spiders, Lycosidae. The species has a widespread distribution in central Europe and northwestern Europe and are commonly found on the British Isles. The species hunts its prey on the ground rather than weaving a web.
It was described in chapter 5 of the book Svenska Spindlar by the Swedish arachnologist and entomologist Carl Alexander Clerck.
Description.
"Pardosa amentata" is a wolf spider between 5 mm and 8 mm in length and has a brownish coloured body with darker brown markings or spots. Its body is divided into two parts, the cephalothorax and the abdomen. The cephalothrax holds its eight eyes, four pairs of legs and the jaws, while the abdomen holds silk-producing organs called spinnerets which are situated at the rear. The females are usually slightly larger than males and carry their eggs in a round sack made of silk beneath the abdomen attached by the silk threads produced from the spinnerets, but they lack the sooty-black hairs on the end of the pedipalps. The spider relies heavily on its eyesight to locate and stalk its prey, and its body is specially adapted for this purpose with its head squared off at the sides with two large and four smaller eyes facing forward, giving excellent frontal vision and two additional eyes situated on top of the head which extend the range of vision sideways and to the rear.
Behaviour.
The spider does not weave a web but is a quick and agile hunter and chases and leaps on any prey that comes into sight piercing it with its fangs. Their diet consists largely of flies and other small insects. They are often active very early in the spring and between the months March to July where they can often be seen in full daylight taking advantage of its vision and scurrying around in the open or on low vegetation hunting for prey and warming themselves in the sunshine on patches of bare soil. During mating, the male stops a few centimetres away from the female and raises itself high on its hind legs and stretches its palps out and waves them to attract the female, moving gradually closer to her. If the female rejects his advances she will lunge forward and the smaller male will retreat and return a few seconds later to start his display again. After hatching from the eggs, the baby spiderlings stay on their mother and are carried by the female on her back until their second moult at which point they are large enough to fend for themselves.
Habitat.
The spider occurs in a wide range of open habitats, especially in damp areas. It has been recorded from grasslands, marshes, riversides, fens, saltmarsh, hedge banks, moorland, blanket bog, waste ground and field margins but rarely in heathland. In winter, they can also be found in houses near windows, doors, house plants and in basements to avoid the cold weather. They can also be found in the leaf litter at woodland edges and clearing. In the UK, it is usually the most common species of the "Pardosa" genus found in gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="36824641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824641" title="Mario's War">
Mario's War

"Mario's War" () is a 2005 Italian drama film directed by Antonio Capuano. Valeria Golino won the 2006 David di Donatello for Best Actress for her performance as Giulia.

</doc>
<doc id="36824652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824652" title="Nigali valley">
Nigali valley

Nigali or the Nigali valley (, "nigalis khevi"), also known, through a subsequent metathesis, as Ligani (ლიგანი) or Livana (ლივანა; ) is a historical district on the lower course of the Çoruh or Chorokhi river, currently divided between Turkey and Georgia.
History.
The land known as "Nigal" first appears as one of the districts of Colchis in the 7th-century Armenian geography attributed to Ananias of Shirak. In the 8th century, Nigali became part of an appanage of the Georgian Bagratid family. It was bounded by Adjara on the north-east, Shavsheti on the east, and Klarjeti on the south. The medieval Georgian sources also make mention of Niali, which is likely a corruption of Nigali. The early 18th-century Georgian scholar Prince Vakhushti refers to it as Ligani and locates the district on either bank of the Chorokhi as far as Art'vani (now Artvin). In 1530, the area was conquered from Georgians by the Ottoman Empire, which administered it as the "kaza" or "sanjak" of Livâne. It had the sub-district of Maçahel administratively dependent on it.
In 1878, Nigali was part of the territory ceded by the Ottomans to the Russian Empire in the Treaty of Berlin. It was included in the Artvin circuit ("uchastok") of the Batum Oblast. Following World War I (1914–1918) and the short-lived independence of Georgia (1918–1921), Nigali was divided between Turkey and recently Sovietized Georgia in accordance with the 1921 treaties of Moscow and Kars.
Current division.
Currently, the Turkish portion of Nigali comprises parts of the Borçka, Murgul, and Artvin districts of the Artvin Province. The Georgian-speaking element is still present in this area, but knowledge of the Georgian language is weakening among the younger generation. The Georgian portion consists of only 9 villages administered as part of the Khelvachauri Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Adjara.

</doc>
<doc id="36824656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824656" title="Vladimir Osokin">
Vladimir Osokin

Vladimir Yuryevich Osokin (; born 8 January 1954) is a retired Soviet cyclist. He won a silver and a gold medal in the 4000 m team pursuit at the 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics, respectively; individually, he finished in fourth and fifth place. Between 1975 and 1981 he won five silver medals in the individual and team pursuit at the world championships. 
As a road racer, he finished second in the multistage Peace Race individually and first in the team competition in 1977. 
Osokin has a degree in engineering from the Kirov Leningrad Institute of Textile and Light Industry (now St. Petersburg State University of Technology and Design). 

</doc>
<doc id="36824665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824665" title="1967 in British music">
1967 in British music

This is a summary of 1967 in music in the United Kingdom. 

</doc>
<doc id="36824676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824676" title="Circus of Carthage">
Circus of Carthage

The Circus of Carthage is a Roman hippodrome in Carthage, in present day Tunisia. Used for chariot racing, it was modelled on the Circus Maximus in Rome and other circus buildings throughout the empire. Measuring more than 470 m in length and 30 m of width.
The circus could house up to 45,000 spectators.
History.
There is no consensus about the circus' dating, as it was built and used for several years before its official dedication. It seems to have been built sometime around 238 AD. 

</doc>
<doc id="36824678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824678" title="Bombardment of Samsun">
Bombardment of Samsun

The Bombardment of Samsun was a naval operation carried out by the United States Navy and the Greek Navy. The ships fired 400 rounds at the town, in return the single Turkish cannon in the town fired back 25 rounds. The bombardment lasted almost three hours (15:02-18:00).
There were several reasons for the bombardment. One of them was to assist Greek rebels, fighting Turkish forces in the area. Another reason was to disrupt consignment of weapons and ammunition into inner Anatolia. Moreover Turkish sailing boats were taking over Greek ships in the Black Sea and were putting them in Turkish service. Recently a large Greek ship named "Enosis" had been taken over by one Turkish officer and five soldiers on 25 April 1922. These incidents were angering the Greeks.
At the end, the attack could not wreak any damage to the Turkish logistical system or military material, though it caused damage to civilian properties and loss of civilian lives. The ships stayed in Samsun until being recalled back to Constantinople. Around eight o'clock pm admiral Robert L. Ghormley went ashore, accompanied by a pharmacist, to see if any Americans were injured or dead.
The New York Times reported about the incident on 11 June 1922, stating that the Greeks claim the firing was directed against the ammunition dumps. The newspaper further mentioned that few lives were lost and the warehouse of the American Tobacco Company was slightly damaged. The New York Times published another article about the incident on 12 June. The article wrote that the commander of an American torpedo boat destroyer at Samsun reported, contrary to the Greek report, there were 90 casualties as a result of the bombardment and a portion of the town was destroyed. The ammunition depots belonging to the Turks, which were situated three miles inland, were not damaged.
Civilian properties damaged or destroyed by the bombardment include:<br>
The governor´s office destroyed, the house of the Grek priest partially damaged, three houses belonging to local Greeks destroyed, one shop (Alston) partially damaged, one shop belonging to a Greek destroyed (value of loss 30,000 liras), 25-26 houses belonging to Turks destroyed, 19 houses belonging to Turks damaged, 19 barges damaged (cost of repairs 1,500 liras), Armenian church and its orphanage damaged, one sentry house destroyed, a depot belonging to the local merchants destroyed, gasoline and kerosene in the petroleum depot belonging to the municipality burned off: 9,496 tinplate containers of American kerosene, 19,800 tinplate containers of Russian kerosene, 41,700 tinplate containers of kerosene, 6,000 kg Russian gasoline, 33,000 kg gasoline belonging to the municipality and 38,368 kg mercantile gasoline).
As a result of the bombardment, there were four dead and three wounded among Turkish civilians.

</doc>
<doc id="36824684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824684" title="Vitaly Petrakov">
Vitaly Petrakov

Vitaly Aleksandrovich Petrakov is a Soviet cyclist. He won the Gold Medal in Men's team pursuit in the 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36824690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824690" title="(322756) 2001 CK32">
(322756) 2001 CK32

, also written 2001 CK32, is a transient Venus co-orbital, but also a Mercury grazer and an Earth crosser. 
It is an Aten asteroid that is included in the Minor Planet Center list of Potentially Hazardous Asteroids (PHAs) as it comes to within 0.05 AU of Earth periodically.

</doc>
<doc id="36824700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824700" title="Bangla rock">
Bangla rock

Bangla rock (Bengali: বাংলা রক) is a music genre in which the song lyrics are written in the Bengali language. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36824711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824711" title="941st Military Airlift Group">
941st Military Airlift Group

The 941st Military Airlift Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 349th Military Airlift Wing, based at McChord AFB, Washington. It was inactivated on 25 July 1969.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population.
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 941st Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The group was one of four C-119 groups assigned to the 312th TCW in 1963, the other being the 938th Troop Carrier Group at Hamilton AFB, California; 939th Troop Carrier Group, at Portland International Airport, Oregon, and the 940th Troop Carrier Group at McClellan AFB, California.
The 941st performed routine reserve airlift operations, being moved to McChord AFB in 1965 due to the closure of Paine AFB. Was upgraded to the C-124 Globemaster II intercontinental airlifter in 1966. On 26 January 1968 the group was activated for combat duty in the Vietnam War. The group flew overseas missions, particularly to the Far East and Southeast Asia during that period, being relieved from active service in June 1969.
Inactivated shortly afterwards with the phaseout of the C-124 from the inventory. Personnel and equipment were reassigned to the 939th Military Airlift Group at McChord, being transitioned to the C-141 Starlifter.

</doc>
<doc id="36824729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824729" title="Noumeroi">
Noumeroi

The Noumeroi or Noumeron (, from the Latin "numerus", "number" in the sense of "regiment") were a Byzantine infantry garrison unit for the imperial capital, Constantinople. Their main task involved the protection of the Great Palace of Constantinople and of the Noumera, one of the city's prisons.
History and functions.
The origin and date of establishment of the "Noumeroi" is unknown. They are first securely attested during the reign of Michael III (r. 842–867): the unit is mentioned in the "Taktikon Uspensky" of 842/843, and the name of one of its commanders, Leo Lalakon, also survives from the same period. J.B. Bury considered a seal of the 7th–8th centuries mentioning a ""droungarios tou nou[merou?]"" as an indication of a predecessor of the 9th-century unit, and based on the nomenclature of its subaltern officers hypothesized an origin in the East Roman army of the 6th century, while John Haldon traces its hypothetical lineage to the late 7th century. The unit survived until the 11th century, when it ceases to be mentioned, indicating that it was dissolved.
The term "noumeros" (transcribed from , in Greek also translated as "arithmos") itself was a common term for a regular military unit of indeterminate size used in Late Antiquity. It was only later, in the 8th and possibly even in the 9th century, that the name came to specify this particular unit. The regiment in turn gave its name to the Noumera, a building adjoining the Hippodrome of Constantinople that served as their barracks and as a city prison. The French scholar Rodolphe Guilland identified the 9th-century Noumera with the prison known as Prandiara in earlier times. 
The "Noumeroi" ranked among the imperial "tagmata", professional regiments stationed in and around Constantinople. Unlike most of the "tagmata", the "Noumeroi" were composed of infantry and never left Constantinople, being entrusted with guard duties in the city, specifically watching over the Noumera prison and sharing the protection of the Great Palace of Constantinople with two other "tagmata", the "Vigla" or "Arithmos", a cavalry unit which accompanied the emperor on campaign, and another infantry unit under the Count or Domestic of the Walls ("komēs/domestikos ton teichōn"). The latter had close ties with the "Noumeroi": they shared a common function and had the same internal structure, and until the reign of Michael III at least, the two commands seem to have been combined under a single officer, as attested in the person of a certain Nikephoritzes during this time. The Count and his men were originally responsible for the defence of the Anastasian Wall, and later, like the "Noumeroi", charged with the supervision of the Chalke prison and guard duties in the Great Palace.
Command structure.
Like most of the "tagmata", the commander of the "Noumeroi" bore the title of Domestic ("domestikos tōn Noumerōn", ), usually named simply "ho noumeros" (). Based on surviving seals, in the 9th century he usually bore the ranks of "spatharios" or "prōtospatharios". As with the other commanders of the "tagmata", the Domestic of the "Noumeroi" played an important role in court ceremonies, and was associated with the racing faction of the Blues, and the senior "tagma" of the "Scholai", while the Walls were associated with the Green faction and the second-most senior "tagma", the Excubitors.
Like the other "tagmata", the Domestic was assisted by a "topotērētēs" (τοποτηρητής, lit. "placeholder, lieutenant"), a secretary called "chartoularios" (χαρτουλάριος), and a chief messenger called "prōtomandatōr" (πρωτομανδάτωρ). The subaltern officers were titled, in late antique fashion, "tribounoi" (, "tribunes") and "vikarioi" (βικάριοι, ""vicarii""), corresponding to the "komētēs" ("counts") and "kentarchoi" ("centurions") of the other "tagmata". There were also a number of messengers (μανδάτορες, "mandatores") and door-keepers (πορτάριοι, "portarioi"), the latter evidently related to the regiment's prison guard duties.

</doc>
<doc id="36824741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824741" title="Southern Regional Health Authority">
Southern Regional Health Authority

The Southern Regional Health Authority is the governing body for healthcare regulation in the southeastern and south-central regions of Manitoba. It was formed in 2012 by the merger of the former South Eastman and Central Regional Health Authorities.
The SRHA's territory includes the following:
Rural Municipalities
Cities
Towns
Villages
First Nation Reserves
Other

</doc>
<doc id="36824749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824749" title="Jin Boyang">
Jin Boyang

Jin Boyang (; October 3, 1997) is a Chinese figure skater. Jin is the 2013 Junior Grand Prix Final champion and the 2014 Chinese national champion.
Career.
Jin landed the quadruple jump at the age of 14.. Jin debuted internationally in the 2012-13 season, he won gold in JGP France and silver in JGP Slovenia. He finished 4th at the 2013 World Junior Championships. In the 2013–14 season, Jin won gold medals in Latvia and Estonia on the 2013–2014 ISU Junior Grand Prix, he qualified to his second JGP Final in Fukuoka, Japan where he won the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="36824753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824753" title="Robert Murray (died 1719)">
Robert Murray (died 1719)

Robert Murray (died 1719) was a Scottish soldier.
He was a younger son of Sir Robert Murray, Lord Provost of Edinburgh. His elder brother, Alexander Murray of Melgund, was the father of Sir Alexander Murray, 1st Baronet.
On 8 January 1681 Murray was commissioned as captain-lieutenant of the Earl of Linlithgow's company in that nobleman's regiment of Foot Guards, now the Scots Guards. He was promoted to captain on 13 September 1687 and major and lieutenant-colonel on 1 September 1691. He was granted brevet rank as colonel on 1 June 1693 and made lieutenant-colonel of the Scots Foot Guards on 13 November 1695. He was present at the Battle of Landen in 1693 and the Siege of Namur in 1695.
On 30 May 1697 Murray was appointed colonel of a Scots regiment in the Dutch States Army. He was made brigadier-general on 9 May 1702, major-general on 14 April 1704 and lieutenant-general on 1 January 1709. He served throughout the campaigns of the Duke of Marlborough, and at the time of his death was Governor of Tournai.
Robert Murray's only surviving son by his wife Marguerite Therese Booninck was Sir Joseph Murray, 3rd Baronet, also a soldier, who was created a Count of the Holy Roman Empire in 1761.

</doc>
<doc id="36824759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824759" title="Andy Hamilton (author)">
Andy Hamilton (author)

Andy Hamilton is an English writer of two books, "The Selfsufficientish Bible" and "Booze for Free". He has written for "Wired", "The Guardian" and "The Ecologist". He was born in Northampton and now lives in Bristol.
Career.
Hamilton won the award for best non-practical gardening book in 2011 for "Booze for Free". He works as an author, forager, journalist and broadcaster. He appeared as the "Autumnwatch" forager for two years in 2011 and 2012. He is best known for his book "Booze for Free", a home brewed recipe book for wines, soft drinks and beers. 
Hamilton teaches foraging and has foraged for The Eden Project, BBC's "Autumnwatch" and Ways with Words Dartington Literary festival. He is a surivalist expert and has written a column for wired.co.uk and a wild drinks blog for "The Guardian" online.

</doc>
<doc id="36824762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824762" title="Simen Fougner">
Simen Fougner

Simen Fougner (1701 – 1783) was a Norwegian farmer, poet and non-fiction writer. He was born in Gausdal; the son of farmer Amund Olsen Fougner. He is known as one of the earliest Norwegian authors with a rural background. A selection of his poetry was published posthumously in 1920, and his topographical description of Gausdal was published in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="36824793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824793" title="1701 in Norway">
1701 in Norway

Events in the year 1701 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36824803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824803" title="Inter-Mountain League">
Inter-Mountain League

The Inter-Mountain League was an independent minor league baseball league. It lasted for the 1901 season. It fielded four clubs, all in Utah.

</doc>
<doc id="36824804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824804" title="Riley Schillaci">
Riley Schillaci

Riley Schillaci (born December 22, 1982) is an American performance artist, specializing in sword swallowing as one of few professional female sword swallowers in the world.
Early life and inception of career.
Riley Schillaci was born on December 22, 1982, in Rochester, New York. In her childhood, she observed a relative who swallowed forks and knives and stuck licorice up his nose, only to have it reemerge through his mouth. At around 14, Schillaci decided to try swallowing objects because she believed the talent was genetic. She conditioned her "gag reflex" with toothbrushes and kitchen utensils. She moved on to swallowing drum sticks and glow sticks, and by post-college she swallowed swords. She swallowed her first sword () in a sword store. Her second sword () was ordered by mail. Her parents held it while she "eased up into it ... 'until it just barely hit the bottom of my stomach'". She cut off the protruding part, making the sword . Although her parents wanted her to be a singer, they supported her as a sword swallower by attending some of her performances.
Career.
Performance.
Schillaci was a featured season 6 contestant on "America's Got Talent" but was rejected by the judges because she did not smile enough. One of fewer than 20 female sword swallowers in the world, she worked with "Ripley's Believe It Or Not!" and is a member of the Sword Swallowers Association International. She uses rum to disinfect her sword before swallowing it. Schillaci said that her throat becomes faintly sore after sword swallowing a few times per week.
Besides sword swallowing, her acts include fire eating, fire breathing, human blockhead, human pincushion, and bed of nails. She calls her overall act "Odd Girl".
Other.
Having earned a degree in sociology and heath science, Schillaci has worked in factories, special education, child care, web development, and in administration. Her hobbies include writing and playing music.

</doc>
<doc id="36824818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824818" title="Coliseo Cubierto de Itagüí">
Coliseo Cubierto de Itagüí

The Coliseum of Itagüí (in Spanish Coliseo Cubierto de Itagüí) is a multi-use Coliseum in Itagüí city, Colombia. It is currently used mostly for Futsal matches, on club level by Itagüí. The coliseum has a capacity of 5,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="36824829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824829" title="Slavín (Prague)">
Slavín (Prague)

Slavín is a tomb at the Vyšehrad Cemetery in Prague. Many notable Czech personalities are interred in the tomb.
History.
The idea of the establishment of the pantheon, a joint last resting place of outstanding Czech personalities, appeared in the 1880s. The initiators were Vyšehrad provost and Mikuláš Karlach and Smíchov Mayor Petr Matěj Fischer, who also help to finance the monument.
Project of the monumental tomb was designed by architect Antonín Wiehl. Slavín was subsequently built in the years 1889-1893 on the eastern side of the Vyšehrad Cemetery. Sculptural decorations were made by sculptors Josef Mauder and Václav Levý. The first burial in the tomb occurred eight years after its completion.
In 1901, poet Julius Zeyer was buried here as the first person. The last person interred at Slavín was conductor Rafael Kubelík in 2006. The tomb contains 44 burial tombs, mostly with coffins, some urns are stored as well. The remains of 55 people are currently interred in Slavín.

</doc>
<doc id="36824832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824832" title="Barnesoceras">
Barnesoceras

Barnesoceras is a moderately large, Lower Ordovician ellesmoerceratid genus with a simple, but strongly cyctoconic shell that expands in the vertical dimension more rapidly than in the horizontal, resulting in its being laterally compressed. The aperture is simple, unconstricted, and straight sided from in front. Growth lines show a broad crest on either side that swings forward above the ventral hyponomic sinus. Septa are close spaced and have a shallow curvature. The body, or living, chamber takes up much of the shell. The siphuncle is ventral, close to the longitudinally concave side. 
All eight species named and described, including the type, "Barnsoceras clavum" Flower, 1964, were found in the Threadgill Limestone of the Lower Ordovician Tanyard Formation in Texas. 

</doc>
<doc id="36824840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824840" title="Royal Palace of Carditello">
Royal Palace of Carditello


</doc>
<doc id="36824842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824842" title="Joseph Bradford (preacher)">
Joseph Bradford (preacher)

Joseph Bradford (died 1808) was a British preacher and travelling companion of John Wesley.
Life.
Joseph Bradford was twice President of the Methodist Conference in 1795 and 1803. He served as the first governor of the Kingswood School from 1795 to 1802.
He suffered a severe stroke some months before his death in 1808.

</doc>
<doc id="36824848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824848" title="Northern Regional Health Authority">
Northern Regional Health Authority

The Northern Regional Health Authority is the governing body for healthcare regulation in northern Manitoba, excluding Churchill. It was formed in 2012 by the merger of the former Burntwood and Nor-Man Health Authorities. The RHA is the largest geographical region in Manitoba, covering nearly two-thirds of the province. 
The RHA provides services to the communities of 
A challenge the RHA encounters is many communities do not have year-round all weather road access. Many communities rely on rail, boat, or air service to travel. This access has significant considerations on the health of residents, financial resources, and human resources.

</doc>
<doc id="36824850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824850" title="Knights of Pythias Temple (Dallas, Texas)">
Knights of Pythias Temple (Dallas, Texas)

The Knights of Pythias Temple is an historic Knights of Pythias building located at 2551 Elm Street in the Deep Ellum neighborhood of Dallas, Texas. Also known as the Union Bankers Building for a later owner, it was built in 1915 by architect William Sidney Pittman. It was the first major commercial structure in Dallas built for African Americans, by African Americans, and with African American money. From 1916 to 1939 it served as the social, professional and cultural center of the center of the city's African-American community. In 1959 the building was purchased by the Union Bankers Insurance Company, who turned it into a standard office building. On October 23, 1989, the structure became a Dallas Landmark. Various restoration projects and redevelopment have been proposed, but today the building remains vacant.

</doc>
<doc id="36824856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824856" title="Patriot Governments (Spanish American independence)">
Patriot Governments (Spanish American independence)

The term "patriot" is used to refer to supporters of the Spanish American independence in general, and their governments emerged during the revolution between 1808-1825.
Congress and independence declarations.

</doc>
<doc id="36824862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824862" title="Indra Chok, Kathmandu">
Indra Chok, Kathmandu

Indra Chok (Nepali: इन्द्र चोक; Nepal Bhasa: Wangha वंघः) is one of the ceremonial and market squares on the artery passing through the historic section of Kathmandu, Nepal. The intersection of Indra Chok, along with Maru, Kathmandu Durbar Square, Makhan, Jana Baha, Asan and Naxal, mark the old India-Tibet trade route that is now a vibrant market street.
Six streets meet at Indra Chok and link the square to Kathmandu's major localities. Its temples and bazaar draw streams of pilgrims and shoppers. The square is named after Indra, lord of heaven in Hindu mythology.
Indra Chok is a ceremonial venue and major festival pageants and chariot processions pass through the square. During Indra Jatra, the chariots of Kumari, Ganesh and Bhairav are pulled through here. The chariot procession of Jana Baha Dyah Jatra also passes through the square. 

</doc>
<doc id="36824866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824866" title="One Day in History">
One Day in History

One Day in History was a single-day initiative by several UK heritage organisations that aimed to provide a historical record of the everyday life of the British public in the early 21st century. Described as the "world's biggest blog", it encouraged UK citizens to write diary entries of 100–650 words of what they had done on 17 October 2006, and then upload them to the official website of the initiative. The project formed a part of , a history campaign led by several UK heritage organisations. Submissions were received until 1 November, and 46,000 entries were uploaded in this time, many of which were from students and celebrities. After being available to view on the History Matters website, the archive of the diary entries was moved to the UK Web Archive at the British Library and the library of the University of Sussex. The campaign received mixed reviews, with Institute of Historical Research's David Cannadine and "The Guardian" Dave Hill speaking positively of it, whereas journalist John Plunkett termed it to be a "historical record of people with computers".
Project.
One Day in History was launched as a part of History Matters, a campaign led by several heritage organisations such as the National Trust, English Heritage and the Historic Houses Association, in order to draw attention towards the importance of history in everyday life. Its aim was to record for posterity what day-to-day life was like in the UK during 2006. British people were invited to write a blog of what they did on 17 October 2006, and to submit it to become a part of a large online diary. The project was open to all UK citizens and individuals of British origin, and was inspired by Mass Observation, a similar social research project founded in 1937. The date was chosen to be 17 October by History Matters in the hope that it would be "an ordinary day much like any other of no particular national significance", and would therefore reflect the everyday life of its participants. Historian Dan Snow explained that the project was intended to be "a detailed account of people's normal lives when they're doing nothing out of the ordinary. ... It's those mundane details, those boring details that will seem extraordinary to people hundreds of years in the future." The organisers hoped that the contributors could also discuss the impact of history or heritage on their lives that day in their submissions.
Each entry was limited to a length of 100–650 words. To allow some time for drafting and proofreading, participants were allowed to upload their diary entries until the end of the month. Schoolchildren were encouraged to take part, with all 29,000 UK schools being invited to participate. On the day itself, the homepages of the 2,000 computers in the easyCafe network were all set to the History Matters website, and several celebrities and public figures also voiced their support of the initiative, including Stephen Fry, Bob Geldof and Tony Robinson.
Public response.
By the afternoon of 17 October, the One Day in History website had received more than 5,000 submissions, at a rate of three per second, and by 1800 BST (1700 GMT) this number grew to 8,000. Within three days, 41,250 blogs were posted to the site, and by 1 November, a final total of 46,000 submissions were received. The entries were briefly displayed on the History Matters website, before being archived in both the UK Web Archive at the British Library and in the library of the University of Sussex. The National Trust described the project and its response from the public as "hugely successful".
Media response.
David Cannadine of the Institute of Historical Research spoke positively of One Day in History, remarking: "The wonderful thing about these records is we don't yet know what it is about them that will be interesting in the future." In promotion of the project, Fiona Reynolds, the Director-General of the National Trust, stated: "We want this day to have its own place in history and be a snapshot of everyday life at the beginning of the 21st century." Journalist John Plunkett expressed scepticism of this aim, writing in "The Guardian" that, despite the intentions of the campaign, it was only going to be "a historical record of people with computers". He was also critical of History Matters in general, saying that he had "no idea how history going to impact on [him". Dave Hill, also writing for "The Guardian", described the campaign as a "brilliant idea". Following the publication of the diary entries, Robert Booth, a journalist for "The Sunday Times", remarked that the "monotony of most of British public's lives was all too painfully obvious."

</doc>
<doc id="36824872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824872" title="Nigali (disambiguation)">
Nigali (disambiguation)

Nigali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36824883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824883" title="Philip Capice">
Philip Capice

Philip Capice (June 24, 1931 – December 30, 2009) was an American television producer, most notable as the executive producer of dramedy "Eight Is Enough" and the first nine seasons of soap opera "Dallas".
Biographer.
Early career.
A graduate of Dickinson College and Columbia University, Capice began his broadcasting career at Benton & Bowles in New York City, where he worked from 1954 to 1969. Then, from 1969 to 1974 he served as director of special programs at CBS, before joining Lorimar Productions in 1974.
At Lorimar.
After four years as vice president of creative affairs at Lorimar, Capice was made president of the company in 1978. At Lorimar he came to produce several telefilms and miniseries, including "Sybil" for which Capice, Peter Dunne and Jacqueline Babbin received an Emmy Award in 1977. Additionally he worked with television series—most notably overseeing the creation of "Eight Is Enough" (1977) and "Dallas" (1978), both of which he was named executive producer of as they went into production.
"Dallas" grew to be TV's top rated series in the early 1980s, and Capice was nominated for Emmys in 1980 and 1981 (losing to "Lou Grant" and "Hill Street Blues", respectively). However, creative conflicts between him and Larry Hagman and Leonard Katzman eventually led to Capice leaving "Dallas" in 1986.
Death.
Capice died peacefully in his home in Los Angeles on December 30, 2009.
Awards.
Among Capice's awards are:
Filmography.
All credits as executive producer.

</doc>
<doc id="36824891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824891" title="Claude Guiguet">
Claude Guiguet

Claude Guiguet (born 28 September 1947) is a French modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36824892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824892" title="George Feick">
George Feick

George Feick (January 23, 1849 - November 11, 1932) was a German-American builder in Sandusky and Oberlin, Ohio. His works include the Wyoming State Capitol, multiple buildings at Oberlin College, and numerous office buildings, churches, schools, libraries and residences in and around Sandusky. Several of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Early years.
Feick was born in Steinau, Hesse, Germany, in January 1848. After a three-year apprenticeship in the cabinet maker's trade, Feick emigrated to Ohio in June 1866 at age 17. He became a naturalized United States citizen in October 1872.
Family.
Feick was married in 1873 to Augusta Ernestine Klotz (1852-1888), a Sandusky, Ohio native. They had five children: Emil Augustus (born March 20, 1874), Clara Sofia (born May 30, 1877), George, Jr. (born January 25, 1881); Olga Charlotte (born June 20, 1885); and Ernestine (born December 7, 1898). Feick's wife died on December 24, 1888, 17 days after the birth of their fifth child. In June 1892, Feick was remarried to Minnie A. Klotz. Feick and his second wife had one child, Augustus H. (born June 22, 1893).
Partnership with Adam Feick.
Feick's older brothers Philip and Adam were the first to immigrate to Sandusky, arriving in 1849 and 1854, respectively. When George Feick arrived in Sandusky in 1866, he began working as a carpenter with brother Adam. In 1872, Adam and George Feick formed a construction partnership known as Adam Feick & Brother. Older brother Philip Feick was also involved in the business for a time. Working under the name Adam Feick & Brother, they built a number of important structures, including the Erie County Jail (1883), the Wyoming State Capitol (1886-1888), Talcott Hall at Oberlin College (1887), the Sandusky Masonic Temple (1888-1890), the Independent Order of Odd Fellows Temple in Sandusky (1889), the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railroad Depot (1891), Lord Cottage at Oberlin College (1892), and buildings at the Ohio Soldiers' and Sailors' Home.
George Feick & Company.
When Adam Feick died in 1893, the brothers' construction business became known as George Feick & Company. Adam's son, John Adam Feick, became affiliated with the company at that time. Working with his nephew, Feick continued to build a number of important structures, including First Congregational Church (1895), Zion Lutheran Church (1898), the law building at Ohio State University and three buildings at Oberlin College. In the early 1900s, Feick's sons Emil Augustus and George, Jr., began working in the business, and the company's name was changed to George Feick and Sons. Around this time, nephew John Adam Feick left the business and began operating his own construction business. In 1905, Feick and Sons built the Edwards Gymnasium at Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware, Ohio. Feick's son, George, Jr., later became an architect in the partnership Purcell, Feick & Elmslie. 
Feick built numerous buildings in Sandusky, including commercial buildings in the city's business district, residences, churches and schools. He built Sandusky High School in 1915. In 1916, he built an eight-story office building in downtown Sandusky that is still known as the Feick Building. 
Feick had begun doing construction work for Oberlin College while in partnership with brother Adam. Oberlin remained one of Feick's most significant clients for more than 25 years. By 1912, Feick maintained offices in both Sandusky and Oberlin. In addition to the works constructed in partnership with brother Adam, Feick's further work at Oberlin College includes: Severance Chemical Laboratory, built from 1899 to 1901 at a cost of $75,000; Warner Gymnasium, built from 1900 to 1901; Finney Memorial Chappel, built from 1907 to 1908 at a cost of $135,000; the college's Carnegie Library, built from 1907 to 1908 at a cost of $155,600; Rice Memorial Hall, built from 1909 to 1910 at a cost of $110,000; the Men's Building, built from 1909 to 1911 at a cost of $460,000; Keep Cottage, built from 1911 to 1913 at a cost of $45,500; and the Jacob Dolson Cox Administration Building, built from 1913 to 1915. 
Feick also built libraries in several communities in northern Ohio, including New London, Milan, Norwalk, Shelby, and Mansfield. He also built the station for the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway in Painesville, Ohio. Other works include the Savings Bank and Mohican blocks at Mansfield, Ohio, the Hotel and Administration Building for the Lakeside Association at Lakeside, Ohio, and the St. Joseph's Church at Marblehead, Ohio. Following his death, the Sandusky newspaper wrote:"In the days of George Feick, the builder was an artist. The stone was hewn to an exactitude . . . Men like George Feick, Sr., to whom building was in a way the product of their artistic selves, regret the passing of this phase of building. They miss the beauty put into them."
Several of Feick's works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In addition to his construction business, Feick was also a Mason, a Sandusky city councilman, president of the Sandusky Telephone Company, and a director of the Citizen's Banking Company in Sandusky.
Later years.
At the time of the 1920 United States Census, Feick was living at 416 Central Avenue in Sandusky with his wife Minnie and daughter Olga. As of 1922, Feick operated The Geo. Feick and Sons Company at 416 Central Avenue in Sandusky.
At the time of the 1930 United States Census, Feick was still living at 416 Central Avenue in Sandusky with his wife Minnie.
Feick died in November 1932 at his home in Sandusky. He was buried in the Feick family crypt at the Oakland cemetery.
List of works.
Feick's works include (with attribution as given in source):

</doc>
<doc id="36824902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824902" title="Alain Cortes">
Alain Cortes

Alain Cortes (born 7 July 1952) is a French modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36824905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824905" title="Black Dyke Halt railway station">
Black Dyke Halt railway station

Black Dyke Halt or Blackdyke was a railway station near Blackdyke, Cumbria on the Silloth branch, serving the small hamlet of Black Dyke and the rural district. The station closed on 7 September 1964;. The line to Silloth closed on 7 September 1964 as part of the Beeching cuts.
History.
The North British Railway leased the line from 1862, it was absorbed by them in 1880, and then taken over by the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923. The halt then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. The platform has been demolished.
Infrastructure.
The halt sat close to the hamlet and had just a single wood fronted platform, without a platform shelter. Light was provided by two lamps. Level crossing gates were located at the platform end and a passenger shelter or crossing keepers shelter was located here. The stop lay about two miles away from Silloth and three from Abbey Town railway station by train. It became a request stop in the 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="36824921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824921" title="Emanuele Muzio">
Emanuele Muzio

Donnino Emanuele Muzio (24 August 1821 in Zibello – 27 November 1890 in Paris) was an Italian composer, conductor and vocal teacher. He was a lifelong friend and the only student of Giuseppe Verdi.
Biography.
Muzio studied with Ferdinando Provesi, from 1844 with Giuseppe Verdi, and also was a piano student of Verdi's first wife, Margherita Barezzi.
In 1852, Muzio was conductor of the Italian Opera in Brussels. He later conducted in London and at the Academy of Music in New York City. In 1875, he settled in Paris as a vocal teacher. His students include Carlotta Patti and Clara Louise Kellogg.

</doc>
<doc id="36824922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824922" title="Odisha State Road Transport Corporation">
Odisha State Road Transport Corporation

Odisha State Road Transport Corporation or OSRTC is the state owned road transport corporation in the eastern Indian state of Odisha. It is acknowledged for its distinguished service for safe and lowest cost of operation.
Services.
OSRTC mainly operates four types of coaches namely:
HI COMF – 3 by 2 comfortable coach
HI TECH – 2 by 2 luxury coach
AC Deluxe- 2 by 2 AC coach
AC Sleeper – 2 by 2 seating and sleeper berth
The Corporation runs 170 services including some Interstate services.
Reserving a bus.
For reserving a bus the administrative head of the nearest unit is to be contacted. The charges are as follows :
Sl.No. Charges Hi-Tech
(41 SEATER) Hi-Comf
(51 SEATER) L.C.V
1 Hire-charges per Km. Rs. 31.16 Rs. 29.58 Rs.24.00
2 Concessional rate to Educational / Cultural / Athletic Institute observing all formalities (per Km) Rs.27.42 Rs. 26.54 Rs. 21.12
3 Minimum reservation charges excluding detention charges. Rs.3116.00 Rs.3016.00 Rs. 2400.00
4 Minimum reservation charges at concessional rate excluding detention charges. Rs.2742.00 Rs. 2654.00 Rs. 2112.00
5 Detention charges per hour Rs. 140.00 Rs. 130.00 Rs. 120.00

</doc>
<doc id="36824932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824932" title="Interlake-Eastern Regional Health Authority">
Interlake-Eastern Regional Health Authority

Interlake-Eastern Regional Health Authority is the governing body for healthcare regulation in the Interlake and eastern regions of Manitoba, Canada. It was formed in 2012 by the merger of the former Interlake and North Eastman Regional Health Authorities. The region includes the communities of:

</doc>
<doc id="36824945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824945" title="Kuno von Meyer">
Kuno von Meyer

Kuno von Meyer (27 December 1913 – 25 January 2010) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grade Oak Leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="36824954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824954" title="Marek Frimmel">
Marek Frimmel

Marek Frimmel (born 10 November 1992) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club AS Trenčín.
AS Trenčín.
He made his debut for AS Trenčín against ŠK Slovan Bratislava on 25 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36824977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824977" title="Lloyd Miller">
Lloyd Miller

Lloyd Miller may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36824980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824980" title="Ra Ki">
Ra Ki

Ra Ki or Ki Ra could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36824990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824990" title="Stadio di Corso Sebastopoli">
Stadio di Corso Sebastopoli

Stadio di Corso Sebastopoli was a multi-use stadium in Turin, Italy. It was initially used as the stadium of Foot-Ball Club Juventus matches. It was replaced by Stadio di Corso Marsiglia in 1963. The capacity of the stadium was 10,000 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="36824993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36824993" title="Cycling at the 1974 Asian Games">
Cycling at the 1974 Asian Games

Cycling at the 1974 Asian Games was held in Aryamehr Sport Complex, Tehran, Iran between 5 and 14 September, 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="36825004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825004" title="Joško Gluić">
Joško Gluić

Joško Gluić (born September 23, 1951) is a former Yugoslavian Footballer, who played as a Midfielder for HNK Hajduk Split, Go Ahead Eagles, AFC Ajax, Grazer AK and Olimpija Ljubljana during his career.
Career.
Gluić began his career in 1969 with HNK Hajduk Split with whom he won the Yugoslav First League championship in 1971, as well as the Yugoslav Cup in 1972 and 1973. Afterwards he moved to the Netherlands, where he played 42 matches for Go Ahead Eagles scoring 14 goals. In 1976 he transferred to AFC Ajax, where he played in 7 matches without scoring. In the 1977/78 season, he played for Grazer AK in Austria, and then played for Olimpija Ljubljana in the 1978-1979 season, making three appearances that season, before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="36825016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825016" title="Jamal Lowe">
Jamal Lowe

Jamal Akua Lowe (born 21 July 1994) is an English footballer who plays for Barnet as a striker.
Career.
In the 2011-12 season, Lowe scored 19 goals for Barnet's under-18 team. He made his senior debut on 25 August 2012, in a 3-1 loss against York City at Underhill, coming on as a late substitute for Curtis Weston. After making a second substitute appearance against Gillingham, he was given his first start by manager Mark Robson on 15 September in a 3-0 loss against Bradford City. Lowe signed a professional contract with the Bees in October 2012. In December 2012, he was loaned out to Hayes & Yeading United. He joined Boreham Wood on 15 February 2013. On 15 August 2013, he joined Hitchin Town on loan. His fourth loan spell away from the club began when he joined St Albans City on 22 November. Then, his fifth loan spell came when he joined Farnborough on 28 February 2014. Lowe was transfer-listed at the end of the 2013-14 season. Manager Martin Allen said: “He is a good lad who has worked hard and done well in both the games he has played but I need to bring in another striker and this will push Jamal further down the line".

</doc>
<doc id="36825023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825023" title="Stadio Sterlino">
Stadio Sterlino

Stadio Sterlino was a multi-use stadium in Bologna, Italy. It was initially used as the stadium of Bologna F.C. 1909 matches. It was replaced by Stadio Renato Dall'Ara in 1927. The capacity of the stadium was 15,000 spectators. 

</doc>
<doc id="36825043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825043" title="Church of San Agustín, Lima">
Church of San Agustín, Lima

The Basilica and Convent of San Agustín is located in the historic centre of Lima, in front of the square of the same name, and a few blocks from the Plaza Mayor of the capital. Its care is, since its foundation, run by the Augustinian friars, and belongs to the Province of Our Lady of Grace of Peru.
Location in the city.
The San Agustin Church is located at the junction of the fourth block of Jirón Camaná (Lartiga Street) with the second block of Jirón Ica (Street San Agustin).
Facade description and determination of its style.
The facade is a Churrigueresque baroque architectural overloaded with ornaments, carved in stone, which was completed in 1710, consists of three blocks and three bodies, being the central street of the first body which houses the door through which enters the enclosure. On this one has a vertical arc cornice, be determinative feature original of Peruvian Baroque architecture. In the niches of the facade are ten images in addition to St. Augustine is the center.
Its importance is that it is also one of the two Churrigueresque facades left in Lima, together the facade of the Basilica of La Merced. Of the ancient temple, has only been the frontispiece and the side walls.
History.
Its construction occupies the same place since its foundation, which occurred in 1573, has been rebuilt several times due to earthquakes that occurred in Lima, and also because of the extensions and the rugged Peruvian political life. One of the biggest events was the rebuilding of the church after the devastating 1746 Lima-Callao earthquake that left extensive damage to the structure and resulted in almost complete restoration of it.
Another major change was the consequence of the events of 1895, the church suffered considerable damage from shrapnel during fighting between forces of pierolists and cacerists. It also missed the dome over the crossing and the groin vault covering the transept and presbytery, leaving both unusable areas.
In 1908 the church was reopened after the many changes that had suffered, such as the demolition of the tower, the close of the third part of the nave, which had been discovered, the replacement of the original wooden altarpieces for one of concrete.

</doc>
<doc id="36825047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825047" title="Loukas Louka">
Loukas Louka

Loukas Louka may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36825068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825068" title="Night in paintings (Eastern art)">
Night in paintings (Eastern art)

The depiction of night in paintings is common in Eastern art. Paintings that feature the night scene as the theme are mostly portraits and landscapes. Some artworks which involve religious or fantasy topics use the quality of dim night light to create mysterious atmospheres. They tend to illustrate the illuminating effect of the light reflection on the subjects under either moonlight or artificial light sources.
Historical overview.
Early oriental artists created works that focused on design and spiritual interpretation of their subjects rather than realistic, three-dimensional representations. For centuries, eastern night paintings were spiritually and emotionally evocative works with unshaded, two-dimensional imagery. Like the western world, the moon, candles, and stars helped set the nocturnal scene. But there were also items, such as clothing and tree leaves, that might be used in a specific way to express nighttime from an eastern perspective.
The 16th century Mughal painter Basawan was an early artist who integrated western techniques and perspective into eastern art. When trade opened up between the far east and the west art slowly changed in both sides of the world. For instance, Japanese ukiyo-e prints influenced Parisian artists. And, Jesuit priests, like Matteo Ricci, brought artwork to China that introduced western approaches for perspective and shading. These factors broadened the way in which nighttime was portrayed everywhere.
Symbolism.
Black and grey shades often symbolize gloom, fear, mystery, superstitions, evil, death, secret, sorrow. The light source in most religious paintings symbolize hope, guidance or divinity. In fantasy paintings light could symbolize magic.
By country.
Cambodia.
Cambodian paintings often took the form of murals, and have religious significance. Before 1200, art in the temples mostly portrayed scenes from the Hindu pantheon; after 1200, Buddhist scenes began to appear as standard motifs. It's art was heavily influenced by the artistry of India.
China.
Traditional Chinese artists sought to capture the interrelated, vast and multifaceted aspects of nature here are on earth and in the heavens. From the article "The Great Art of China's 'Soundless Poems'", Heaven appears "before us only this bright shining mass; but in its immeasurable extent, the sun, the moon, stars and constellations are suspended in it, and all things are embraced under it." Night scenes, not otherwise distinguishable from daytime in Chinese art, include candles, light emanating from a building, the moon, or lake mists.
Symbolism plays an enduring role in the telling of a story through painting or other Chinese art. For instance, stars and the moon are important both for religious significance and as an illustration of Chinese mythology. Symbols used in art may be grouped into four overarching categories: religious imagery, divine and mortal beings, symbols from nature and inanimate objects. Some examples of symbols include bats which means both good wishes and good luck. The moon, aside from religious and mythical connotations, can also mean a month. The particular way an image is depicted has meaning - like a round eyed-cat means it's a night scene.
Artists use rice paper, silk or wood panels to paint night scenes. Silk has illuminating effect, while wood panels create a dark background.
Folklore and literature.
Literature.
"Dream of the Red Chamber" and "Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio" were inspiration for night time paintings.
Almost 500 legendary tales written by Pu Songling are compiled in "Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio" or "Liaozhai Zhiyi". The tales, inspired by oral storytelling, include strong mythical characters like ghosts, immortals, beasts and foxes. They also offer commentary about people, particularly the privileged and court officials, whose human frailties may result in unfair, unjust and other unfavorable treatment to others. He wrote with vivid imagery about the music of heaven, the inability of the light produced by a fire-fly to illuminate the demons of the night, red rings in the sky that shear the heads off of men, and the six conditions of existence: men, sinners, angels, demons, beasts and devils. Nighttime is a symbol for people's inability to understand the world around them. And the supernatural beings are meant to be a mirror to examine the nature of man. From a preface by T'ang Meng Lai to the book, Lai states that the book should prompt the readers to reflect upon the following: "We marvel at devils and foxes: we do not marvel at man. But who is it that causes a man to move and to speak?" One collection of the illustrated stories is at the National Museum of China.
Ghosts and hell.
Many of the Chinese ghost beliefs have been accepted by neighboring cultures, notably Japan and south-east Asia.
Ghost beliefs are closely associated with the traditional Chinese religion based on ancestor worship, many of which were incorporated in Taoism. Later beliefs were influenced by Buddhism, and in turn influenced and created uniquely Chinese Buddhist beliefs.
Zhong Kui is a mythological figure, generally a vanquisher of ghosts and evil beings, and reputedly able to command 80,000 demons. Another mythological figure is "Yan luo", the judge of Hell.
Mood setting.
Chinese artists focus on the spiritual qualities of the painting and on the ability of the artist to reveal the inner harmony of man and nature, as perceived according to Taoist and Buddhist concepts. Artists, like Su Shi used their skills in calligraphy (the art of beautiful writing) to make ink paintings that expressed ideas based upon the philosophies of Chinese dynasties and Confucius. Their works also express their feelings and the inner spirit of their subject.
Within a night scene, homesickness is expressed by flying birds looking to find a place to rest for the night
Han Gan, "Night-Shining White Horse".
Han Gan created "Night-Shining White Horse" to dramatically capture the spirit of the imperial stallion, a symbol of China's powerfulness using only ink and paper. The stark image, without color or shading, exposes the true essence of the scene.
Ma Lin, "Waiting for Guests by Lamplight".
"Waiting for Guests by Lamplight" was painted in the Song Dynasty by Ma Lin, son of famous Chinese painter Ma Yuan. Using "shi i" (English: poetic ideas), Ma Lin painted the evening scene based upon a poem by Su Shi. In it, a man sits in the door of a pavilion during a full moon. A gentle mood is set by soft, low-lying fog before the mountains and crabapple trees. Leading up to the building is a line of candles specially placed near the blossoming crab apple trees - to "illuminate their beauty".
The poem by 11th century poet Su Shi that inspired Ma Lin is:
My fear is that in the depth of night,
The flowers will fall asleep and depart.
So I light the tall candles,
To illuminate their beauty.
Moon.
In Chinese night paintings, the moon often symbolizes loneliness of the painting's character. It also sets the mood for a romantic setting. Chinese paintings also depict mythological characters who symbolize moonlight activity, such as Yue-Laou, the "old man of the moonlight" and Chang'e, the Chinese goddess of the moon.
Chang'e, goddess of the moon.
"The Goddess Chang'e in the Lunar Palace" depicts Chang'e, the Chinese goddess of the moon from Chinese mythology. The late Ming dynasty fan painting shows her outside the Palace of Boundless Cold. "Chang'e Flying to the Moon" is a contemporary depiction of the goddess.
Political statement.
"Night Revels of Han Xizai" was painted by Gu Hongzhong during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period when dynasties replaced one another at an alarming rate. Fives vignettes are told about a party that Han Xizai, a minister of Li Yu, hosts. In the first scene (viewed from right to left), Han listens to the pipa with his guests. Then, he watches dancers, takes a rest, plays string instruments, and finally sees guests off. It is believed that this painting was made in response to a request by emperor Li Yu to Gu, following Han's declination of an offer to be Prime Minister. One interpretation is that the painting was a way of chastising Han for having a carefree nightlife rather than accepting greater political responsibility.
India.
For traditional art, there is little difference between the way night and day are illustrated and the colors that are used. For instance in early Rajput (also called Rajasthani) paintings, the only way to read that the painting is a night scene is through the presence of torches or candles. Later in the Rajput period, both somewhat influenced by Western art, night scenes were painted dramatically with shadows and Mughal paintings used chiaroscuro for shading.
Although there are a number of schools that taught painting during India's history, there is great similarity among them to evoke charming, romantic scenes. The scenes may include moonlight or lanterns to set an amorous mood. Such was the case for 19th century artist, Chokha, who enjoyed making night paintings like "Escapade at Night: A Nobleman Climbs a Rope to Visit his Lover." In that painting Chokha captures the tension of lover climbing several stories into a house with many people and a sleeping guard. Chokha also liked to capture twilight hunting scenes. He astutely conveyed the effects of lighting variation between twilight and the darkest night.
"Rao Bhoj Singh Stalking a Tiger at Night" is a painting attributed to the Hada Master of the Kota school. In this case the dark is used for dramatic impact. It provides a dark backdrop to the bright figures of the treed hunting party, riled tiger and battered cow that was used as a lure.
Romantic scenes.
"Baz Bahadur and Rupmati" (not showsn) depicts mistress Rupmati and Muslim ruler Baz Bahadur. The scene is illuminated from the moon on the horizon.
Japan.
While paintings are generally a snapshot of a moment in time, the Japanese iji dôzu (English: "different time, same illustration") technique is used to is illustrate activities that occur in different periods of time. "A Long Tale for an Autumn Night" uses that technique through a progression of time and activities over one night. During the Autumn night a Buddhist monk and his lover experience a fearful night of a demon in initially disguised as a man, a battle, and threat of suicide - all the more sinister by the gloom of night.
Folklore and literature.
"One Hundred Aspects of the Moon".
In the 19th century Tsukioka Yoshitoshi made a series of 100 ukiyo-e, Japanese wood block prints, called "One Hundred Aspects of the Moon" that introduced Japanese and Chinese folklore during a period of increasing western presence. The works captured "a moment in time and held suspended by a poetic dialogue with the moon." The moon symbolized different meanings depending upon whether it was a full moon or not. The moon's "waxing and waning", also used as the basis of the Japanese lunar calendar, could illustrate what time of the month an event occurred and an ascribe a manner in was to be interpreted, such as the character's loneliness.
In "Gravemarker Moon", the famous poetess Ono no Komachi meditates on the arrogance and heartlessness she displayed to her suitors as a young beauty.
"Wang Changling" is the name of the poet who wrote: "The night is still and a hundred flowers are fragrant in the western palace. She orders the screen to be rolled up, regretting the passing of spring with the Yunhe across her lap. She gazes at the moon, the colors of the trees are hazy in the indistinct moonlight."
"Tale of Genji".
"Tale of Genji" also included "Tale of Genji's love", which has an illustration.
Landscapes.
According to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, "Night Rains", of the 8 Famous Views of the Xiao and Xiang Rivers, is "a venerable theme in both Chinese and Japanese painting".
"Fireworks at Ryōgoku" captures the popular summer entertainment called "taking in the cool of the evening."
Moon.
Suzuki Harunobu made many night paintings, including "Two Girls on the Veranda Looking at the Moon." Many of the settings were warm relational studies, such as "Night Rain at the Double-Shelf Stand" which includes a parlor scene with two young women and a boy. A soft mood is set with the presence of a tea set and portable hearth for boiling water. The Metropolitan Museum of Art states that this painting is a nod to "Night Rains" of 8 Views of the Xiao and Xiang Rivers, a painting well respected by both the Japanese and Chinese.
Korea.
Buddhism was an important part of Korean art since about the time of the Unified Silla period when there was a desire to be open to other religions. This resulted in the use of Buddhist themes in art work and the creation of Buddhist temples. In the 14th century, a work was made of "Water-Moon Avalokiteshvara", a compassionate and wise bodhisattva who wears a halo as a sign of his divinity and has waves of water splashing his feet. A legendary hare stands under a cassia tree in the moon creating the elixir of immortality.
By religion.
Buddhism.
"Brahma with Attendants and Musicians" depicts a Brahma (Korean: Beomcheon) heaven scene which was painted during the early Joseon dynasty in Korea. Brahma, a Hindu deity, also became part of the Buddhist religion and protected the Buddhist teaching. The heavenly scene is includes musicians with flutes, violins, lutes and other instruments. Smith, author of "Arts in Korea", writes: "His abode, the Brahma heaven, was construed as a place of pleasure, populated with heroes, entertainers and musicians." The work, replete with evidence of grandeur, includes two figures who represent the moon and sun.
Utagawa Kuniyoshi made "Okabe" about 1844 which depicts the death of Buddha. In recounting the death of Buddha, cats are supposed to be the only animals that not to weep. In Kuniyoshi's time, it was believed that when a girl visited a temple after dark, she took the risk of being greeted by an old woman who would offer her to stay the night. Once inside the house, the old woman would become a witch and devour her. Therefore, a cat around temples could be the witch in a cat form.
Jainism.
The painting "Vigil on the Sixth Night after Mahavira's Birth" depicts four women celebrating the birth of Mahavira's (599-527 BC) birth.

</doc>
<doc id="36825091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825091" title="John Emmeus Davis">
John Emmeus Davis

John Emmeus Davis (born 1949) is a scholar, writer, teacher and community organizer who has advanced the understanding and development of community land trusts in the United States, Great Britain, Australia, and Belgium.
Much of his scholarship and practice has focused on advancing the cause of community land trusts while establishing connections between community land trusts and other forms of shared equity homeownership, a housing sector he was the first to describe in 2006. In a number of essays and research reports, evaluating the performance of community land trusts and other forms of shared equity homeownership, Davis has highlighted the effectiveness of these alternative models of tenure in preserving affordability in hot real estate markets and in preventing deferred maintenance and mortgage foreclosure in cold markets. “Counter-cyclical stewardship” is the term he coined in 2008 to describe this outcome.
Davis has served for many years as the de facto historian of the community land trust (CLT) movement, documenting precursors and pioneers of a model of housing and community development that is rooted in the Gramdan Movement of India, the Garden Cities of England, and the Civil Rights Movement in the American South. He has recently worked with Open Studio Productions to create a series of video documentaries about CLTs in communities of color, entitled Streets of Dreams, and has joined with a colleague, Greg Rosenberg, in building a web-based digital archive of historical materials named Roots & Branches: A Gardener’s Guide to the Origins and Evolution of the Community Land Trust.
Education.
Davis earned a B.A. in Philosophy from Vanderbilt University in 1971, an M.S. in Developmental Sociology from Cornell University in 1981 and a Ph.D. in Community Development Planning, Social & Health Systems Planning and Community and Regional Sociology, Cornell University in 1986.
Career.
Davis began his career as a community organizer and social services administrator in the coalfields of East Tennessee. While still an undergraduate at Vanderbilt University, he joined the Student Health Coalition (SHC), supporting the work of doctors, medical students, and nursing students who provided free medical screenings for low-income families in Appalachia. A cadre of community organizers, including Davis, were responsible for doing the groundwork to prepare rural communities for week-long Health Fairs and for creating community health councils that could find their own solutions to problems of poor health, polluted streams, and environmental degradation caused by strip mining. Two outgrowths of SHC’s work were the establishment of a string of community-controlled clinics in East Tennessee and Eastern Kentucky and the creation of Save Our Cumberland Mountains (SOCM), a grassroots organization fighting for environmental justice. 
Remaining in East Tennessee after college, Davis was employed for several years by a federally funded child development program, which operated a dozen centers throughout Anderson County. He became the executive director of this program in 1974, leaving in 1976 when he was offered a teaching assistantship at Cornell University in the graduate field of Development Sociology.
After graduate school he joined the staff of the Institute for Community Economics (1981-1985), assisting in the early development of community land trusts in the United States, including the first urban CLT, the Community Land Cooperative of Cincinnati. He subsequently served as the housing director and Enterprise Community coordinator for the City of Burlington, Vermont (1986-1996). As Burlington's housing director under Mayor Bernie Sanders and Mayor Peter Clavelle, Davis played a leading role in crafting and enacting legislation at the municipal, state and federal levels, including Burlington's condominium conversion, inclusionary zoning and housing trust fund ordinances, Vermont's Cooperative Housing Ownership Act, and the definition of "community land trusts" incorporated into Section 213 of the .
Davis was one of the co-founders of Burlington Associates in Community Development, LLC In 1993, a consulting cooperative that has assisted over 100 community land trusts in the United States and other countries. He was a Visiting Fellow at the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy from 2007 to 2009 and has been a Senior Fellow at the National Housing Institute (NHI) since 2010. He is a regular contributor to Shelterforce, NHI’s print publication, and to NHI’s on-line journal, Shelterforce Weekly.
Academics.
Davis has taught at Tufts University, the University of Vermont, Southern New Hampshire University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was a founding member of the faculty and board of the National Community Land Trust Academy (2006-2012), a program of the National Community Land Trust Network (USA), and served for several years as the Academy’s dean. 
In September 2012, the National CLT Network established the "John Emmeus Davis Award" for Scholarship to recognize individuals who have "contributed significant scholarship to advance the field of community land trusts, or who have been inspirational teachers, coaches or mentors." The first recipient of this award was Julie Brunner, who was honored in 2014 for years of teaching and mentorship provided through the CLT Academy, the CLT Network, and the Cornerstone Partnership.

</doc>
<doc id="36825101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825101" title="Centro Administrativo Municipal de Itagüí">
Centro Administrativo Municipal de Itagüí

"The Municipal Administrative Center Itagüí (CAMI)" (in Spanish Centro Administrativo Municipal de Itagüí) is an urban complex that performs the functions of the local town hall in Itagui city, in the department of Antioquia in Colombia.
This urban, which are units of local government agencies and offices of national and departmental entities, as was shown in the growth of the city, a major industrial cities of Colombia. It occupies an area of 24,520 m² in the center of Itagüí in the neighborhood bordering Central Park Simón Bolívar and the Church of Our Lady of Rosario. There are all government departments and council municipal.

</doc>
<doc id="36825103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825103" title="Night in paintings">
Night in paintings

Night in paintings may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36825107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825107" title="Casablanca derby">
Casablanca derby

The Casablanca derby () Is a derby between two of the greatest clubs in not only Casablanca, but in Morocco as well. WAC supporters mainly originate from the middle class while those from Raja mainly reside from the working class. Matches are played in the Stade Mohamed V, often containing a fierce and vibrant crowd.
The derby began the first Moroccan championship began in 1956. As of May 6, 2011, Raja leads the alltime record with 39 wins as opposed to Wddad's 32 wins and 53 draws between the two clubs, bringing a total of 124 matches played between them in league and club competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="36825111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825111" title="Anuradha (actress)">
Anuradha (actress)

Sulochana, known as Anuradha is an Indian film actress who was mainly active in the 1980s and 1990s. She was known for her item numbers. She has acted in Malayalam, Telugu, Tamil, Hindi, and Oriya-language films.
Career.
Anuradha was introduced to the film industry by director K.G. George at the age of 13 and he gave her the name Anuradha. She started off as a heroine and later moved onto doing item numbers. She acted in over 700 films.
Personal life.
She is born to Krishna Kumar, a choreographer and Saroja, a hair dresser in Tamil movies. Anuradha is married to Rathish Kumar, who was a dance director and they have two children Abhinayashree and Kalicharan. Abhinayashree is an actress by profession. Anuradha's husband met with a massive motorcycle accident on November 7, 1996, which caused damage to 6 of his veins inside his brain. He passed away on 2007 due to heart attack. Her mother Saroja, was a hair-dresser for actresses in films and she died on February 8, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="36825114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825114" title="The Spirit of the Age">
The Spirit of the Age

The Spirit of the Age (full title "The Spirit of the Age: Or, Contemporary Portraits") is a collection of character sketches by the early 19th century English essayist, literary critic, and social commentator William Hazlitt, portraying 25 men, mostly British, whom he believed to represent significant trends in the thought, literature, and politics of his time. The subjects include thinkers, social reformers, politicians, poets, essayists, and novelists, many of whom Hazlitt was personally acquainted with or had encountered. Originally appearing in English periodicals, mostly "The New Monthly Magazine" in 1824, the essays were collected with several others written for the purpose and published in book form in 1825.
"The Spirit of the Age" was one of Hazlitt's most successful books. It is frequently judged to be his masterpiece, even "the crowning ornament of Hazlitt's career, and ... one of the lasting glories of nineteenth-century criticism." Hazlitt was also a painter and an art critic, yet no artists number among the subjects of these essays. His artistic and critical sensibility, however, infused his prose style—Hazlitt was later judged to be one of the greatest of English prose stylists as well—enabling his appreciation of portrait painting to help him bring his subjects to life. His experience as a literary, political, and social critic contributed to Hazlitt's solid understanding of his subjects' achievements, and his judgements of his contemporaries were later often deemed to have held good after nearly two centuries.
"The Spirit of the Age", despite its essays' uneven quality, has been generally agreed to provide "a vivid panorama of the age". Yet, missing an introductory or concluding chapter, and with few explicit references to any themes, it was for long also judged as lacking in coherence and hastily thrown together. More recently, critics have found in it a unity of design, with the themes emerging gradually, by implication, in the course of the essays and even supported by their grouping and presentation.
Background.
Preparation.
Hazlitt was well prepared to write "The Spirit of the Age". Hackney College, where he studied for two years, was known for fostering radical ideas, immersing him in the spirit of the previous age, and a generation later helping him understand changes he had observed in British society. He was befriended in his early years by the poets Wordsworth and Coleridge, who at that time shared his radical thinking, and soon he entered the circle of reformist philosopher William Godwin. His brother John was also responsible for helping him connect with other like-minded souls, leading him to the center of London intellectual culture, where he met others who, years later, along with Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Godwin, would be brought to life in this book, particularly Charles Lamb and, some time afterward, Leigh Hunt.
Although Hazlitt had aimed at a career in philosophy, he was unable to make a living by it. His studies and extensive thinking about the problems of the day, however, provided a basis for judging contemporary thinkers. (He had already begun, before he was thirty, with an extensive critique of Malthus's theory of population.) After having practised for a while as an artist (a major part of his background that entered into the making of this book not in the selection of its content but as it helped inform his critical sensibility and his writing style), he found work as a political reporter, which exposed him to the major politicians and issues of the day.
Hazlitt followed this by many years as a literary, art, and theatre critic, at which he enjoyed some success. He was subsequently beset by numerous personal problems, including a failed marriage, illness, insolvency, a disastrous love entanglement that led to a mental breakdown, and scurrilous attacks by political conservatives, many of them fueled by his indiscreet publication of "Liber Amoris", a thinly disguised autobiographical account of his love affair. English society was becoming increasingly prudish, the ensuing scandal effectively destroyed his reputation, and he found it harder than ever to earn a living. He married a second time. Consequently, more than ever in need of money, he was forced to churn out article after article for the periodical press.
"The Spirits of the Age".
Hazlitt had always been adept at writing character sketches. His first was incorporated into "Free Thoughts on Public Affairs", written in 1806, when he was scarcely 28 years old. Pleased with this effort, he reprinted it three times as "Character of the Late Mr. Pitt", in "The Eloquence of the British Senate" (1807), in "The Round Table" (1817), and finally in "Political Essays" (1819).
Another favourite of his own was "Character of Mr. Cobbett", which first appeared in "Table-Talk" in 1821 and was later incorporated into "The Spirit of the Age". Following this proclivity, toward the end of 1823 Hazlitt developed the idea of writing "a series of 'characters' of men who were typical of the age". The first of these articles appeared in the January 1824 issue of "The New Monthly Magazine", under the series title "The Spirits of the Age".
Publication.
Four more articles appeared in the series, and then Hazlitt prepared numerous others with the goal of collecting them into a book. After he had left England for a tour of the continent with his wife, that book, bearing the title "The Spirit of the Age: Or Contemporary Portraits", was published in London on 11 January 1825, by Henry Colburn, and printed by S. and R. Bentley. In Paris, Hazlitt arranged to have an edition, with a somewhat different selection and ordering of articles, published there by A. & W. Galignani. Unlike either English edition, this one bore his name on the title page. Finally, later in the same year, Colburn brought out the second English edition, with contents slightly augmented and revised but otherwise similar to the first edition. No further editions would appear in Hazlitt's lifetime.
Editions.
Four of the essays that made it into the first edition of "The Spirit of the Age", plus part of another, had appeared, without authorial attribution, in the series "The Spirits of the Age", in the following order: "Jeremy Bentham", "Rev. Mr. Irving", "The Late Mr. Horne Tooke", "Sir Walter Scott", and "Lord Eldon", in "The New Monthly Magazine" for 1824 in the January, February, March, April, and July issues, respectively.
In the book first published in January of the following year, these essays, with much additional material, appeared as follows: "Jeremy Bentham", "William Godwin", "Mr. Coleridge", "Rev. Mr. Irving", "The Late Mr. Horne Tooke", "Sir Walter Scott", "Lord Byron", "Mr. Campbell—Mr. Crabbe", "Sir James Mackintosh", "Mr. Wordsworth", "Mr. Malthus", "Mr. Gifford", "Mr. Jeffrey", "Mr. Brougham—Sir F. Burdett", "Lord Eldon—Mr. Wilberforce", "Mr. Southey", "Mr. T. Moore—Mr. Leigh Hunt", and "Elia—Geoffrey Crayon". An untitled section characterising James Sheridan Knowles concludes the book. A portion of "Mr. Campbell—Mr. Crabbe" was adapted from an essay Hazlitt contributed (on Crabbe alone) to the series "Living Authors" in "The London Magazine", "No. V" in the May 1821 issue.
Despite the closeness in the ordering of the contents of the first and second English editions, there are numerous differences between them, and even more between them and the Paris edition that appeared in between. The Paris edition, the only one to credit Hazlitt as the author, omitted some material and added some. The essays (in order) were as follows: "Lord Byron", "Sir Walter Scott", "Mr. Coleridge", "Mr. Southey", "Mr. Wordsworth", "Mr. Campbell and Mr. Crabbe" (the portion on Campbell was here claimed by Hazlitt to be "by a friend", though he wrote it himself), "Jeremy Bentham", "William Godwin", "Rev. Mr. Irving", "The Late Mr. Horne Tooke", "Sir James Mackintosh", "Mr. Malthus", "Mr. Gifford", "Mr. Jeffrey", "Mr. Brougham—Sir F. Burdett", "Lord Eldon and Mr. Wilberforce", "Mr. Canning" (brought in from the 11 July 1824, issue of "The Examiner", where it bore the title "Character of Mr. Canning", this essay appeared only in the Paris edition), "Mr. Cobbett" (which had first appeared in Hazlitt's book "Table-Talk" in 1821), and "Elia". This time the book concludes with two untitled sections, the first on "Mr. Leigh Hunt" (as shown in the page header), the second again on Knowles, with the page header reading "Mr. Knowles".
Finally, later in 1825, the second English edition was brought out (again, anonymously). There, the essays were "Jeremy Bentham", "William Godwin", "Mr. Coleridge", "Rev. Mr. Irving", "The Late Mr. Horne Tooke", "Sir Walter Scott", "Lord Byron", "Mr. Southey", "Mr. Wordsworth", "Sir James Mackintosh", "Mr. Malthus", "Mr. Gifford", "Mr. Jeffrey", "Mr. Brougham—Sir F. Burdett", "Lord Eldon—Mr. Wilberforce", "Mr. Cobbett", "Mr. Campbell and Mr. Crabbe", "Mr. T. Moore—Mr. Leigh Hunt", and "Elia, and Geoffrey Crayon". Again, an account of Knowles completed the book.
Essays.
The order of the following accounts of the essays in the book follows that of the second English edition.
Jeremy Bentham.
Jeremy Bentham (1748–1832) was an English philosopher, jurist, and social and legislative reformer. He was a major proponent of Utilitarianism, based on the idea of "the greatest happiness of the greatest number", which he was the first to systematise, introducing it as the "principle of utility". Hazlitt's link with Bentham was unusual, as Bentham was his landlord and lived close by. Bentham would sometimes take his exercise in his garden, which was visible from Hazlitt's window; yet the two were not personally acquainted. Still, what Hazlitt observed enabled him to interweave personal observations into his account of the older man.
Bentham was a representative of the reformist element of the time. Yet, also symptomatic of "the spirit of the age"—and the note Hazlitt strikes on the opening of his sketch—was the fact that Bentham had only a small following in England, yet enjoyed respectful celebrity in nations half a world away. "The people of Westminster, where he lives, hardly dream of such a person ..." "His name is little known in England, better in Europe, best of all in the plains of Chili and the mines of Mexico."
Hazlitt notes Bentham's persistent unity of purpose, "intent only on his grand scheme of Utility ... egarding the people about him no more than the flies of a summer. He meditates the coming age ... he is a beneficent spirit, prying into the universe ..."
But Hazlitt soon qualifies his admiring tone. First, he cautions against mistaking Bentham for the originator of the theory of utility; rather, "his merit is, that he has brought all the objections and arguments, more distinctly labelled and ticketed, under this one head, and made a more constant and explicit reference to it at every step of his progress, than any other writer."
As Bentham's thinking gained complexity, his style, unfortunately, deteriorated. "It is a barbarous philosophical jargon" even though it "has a great deal of acuteness and meaning in it, which you would be glad to pick out if you could. ... His works have been translated into French", quips Hazlitt. "They ought to be translated into English."
Bentham's refined and elaborated logic fails, in Hazlitt's assessment, to take into account the complexities of human nature. In his attempt to reform mankind by reasoning, "he has not allowed for the "wind" ". Man is far from entirely "a logical animal", Hazlitt argues. Bentham bases his efforts to reform criminals on the fact that "'all men act from calculation'". Yet, Hazlitt observes, "it is of the very essence of crime to disregard consequences both to ourselves and others."
Hazlitt proceeds to contrast in greater detail the realities of human nature with Bentham's benevolent attempts to manipulate it. Bentham would observe and attempt to alter the behavior of a criminal by placing him in a ""Panopticon", that is, a sort of circular prison, with open cells, like a glass bee-hive." When the offender is freed from its restraints, however, Hazlitt questions whether it is at all likely he will maintain the altered behavior that had seemed so amenable to change. "Will the convert to the great principle of Utility work when he was from under Mr. Bentham's eye, because he was forced to work when under it? ... Will he not steal, now that his hands are untied? ... The charm of criminal life ... consists in liberty, in hardship, in danger, and in the contempt of death, in one word, in extraordinary excitement".
Further, there is a flaw in Bentham's endlessly elaborating on his single idea of utility. His "method of reasoning" is "comprehensive ..." but it "includes every thing alike. It is rather like an inventory, than a valuation of different arguments." Effective argument needs more coloring. "By aiming at too much ... it loses its elasticity and vigour". Hazlitt also objects to Bentham's considering "every pleasure" as "equally a good". This is not so, "for all pleasure does not equally bear reflecting on." Even if we take Bentham's reasoning as presenting "the whole truth", human nature is incapable of acting solely upon such grounds, "needing helps and stages in its progress" to "bring it into a tolerable harmony with the universe."
In the manner of later journalists Hazlitt weaves into his criticism of the philosopher's ideas an account of Bentham the man. True to his principles, "Mr. Bentham, in private life, is an amiable and exemplary character", of regular habits, and with childlike characteristics, despite his advanced age. In appearance, he is like a cross between Charles Fox and Benjamin Franklin, "a singular mixture of boyish simplicity and the venerableness of age." He has no taste for poetry, but relaxes by playing the organ. "He turns wooden utensils in a lathe for exercise, and fancies he can turn men in the same manner."
A century and a half later, critic Roy Park acclaimed "Hazlitt's criticism of Bentham and Utilitarianism" here and in other essays as constituting "the first sustained critique of dogmatic Utilitarianism."
William Godwin.
William Godwin (1756-1836) was an English philosopher, social reformer, novelist, and miscellaneous writer. After the French Revolution had given fresh urgency to the question of the rights of man, in 1793, in response to other books written in reaction to the upheaval, and building on ideas developed by 18th-century European philosophers, Godwin published "An Enquiry Concerning Political Justice". There he espoused (in the words of historian Crane Brinton) "the natural goodness of man, the corruptness of governments and laws, and the consequent right of the individual to obey his inner voice against all external dictates."
Godwin immediately became an inspiration to Hazlitt's generation. Hazlitt had known Godwin earlier, their families having been friends since before Hazlitt's birth; as he also often visited the elder man in London in later years, he was able to gather impressions over many decades. While so many of his contemporaries soon abandoned Godwin's philosophy, Hazlitt never did so completely; yet he had never quite been a disciple either. Eventually, although he retained respect for the man, he developed a critical distance from Godwinian philosophy.
By the time Hazlitt wrote this sketch some thirty years after Godwin's glory years, the political climate had changed drastically, owing in large part to the British government's attempts to repress all thinking they deemed dangerous to the public peace. Consequently, Godwin, though he had never been an advocate of reform by violent means, had disappeared almost completely from the public eye. Hazlitt, at the start of his essay, focuses on this drastic change.
At the turn of the 19th century, notes Hazlitt, Godwin had been hailed as the philosopher who expounded "liberty, truth, justice". His masterwork, "An Enquiry Concerning Political Justice", "gave ... a blow to the philosophical mind of the country". To those with a penchant for thinking about the human condition, Godwin was "the very God of our idolatry" who "carried with him all the most sanguine and fearless understandings of the time" and engaged the energy of a horde of "young men of talent, of education, and of principle." These included some of Hazlitt's most famous former friends, the poets Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Southey.
Twenty-five years later, Hazlitt looks back in astonishment that, in the interval, Godwin's reputation "has sunk below the horizon, and enjoys the serene twilight of a doubtful immortality." "The Spirit of the Age", he declares in the opening sentence, "was never more fully shown than in its treatment of this writer—its love of paradox and change, its dastard submission to prejudice and to the fashion of the day."
Yet there are problems with Godwin's philosophy, Hazlitt concedes. "The author of the "Political Justice" took abstract reason for the rule of conduct, and abstract good for its end. He absolves man from the gross and narrow ties of sense, custom, authority, private and local attachment, in order that he may devote himself to the boundless pursuit of universal benevolence." In its rules for determining the recipients of this benevolence, Godwin's philosophy goes further than Christianity in completely removing from consideration personal ties or anything but "the abstract merits, the pure and unbiassed justice of the case."
In practice, human nature can rarely live up to this exalted standard. "Every man ... was to be a Regulus, a Codrus, a Cato, or a Brutus—every woman a Mother of the Gracchi. ... But heroes on paper might degenerate into vagabonds in practice, Corinnas into courtezans." Hazlitt proceeds with several examples:
... a refined and permanent individual attachment is intended to supply the place and avoid the inconveniences of marriage; but vows of eternal constancy, without church security, are found to be fragile. ... The political as well as the religious fanatic appeals from the overweening opinion and claims of others to the highest and most impartial tribunal, namely, his own breast. ... A modest assurance was not the least indispensable virtue in the new perfectibility code; and it was hence discovered to be a scheme, like other schemes where there are all prizes and no blanks, for the accommodation of the enterprizing and cunning, at the expense of the credulous and honest. This broke up the system, and left no good odour behind it!
Yet the social failure of this attempt to guide our conduct by pure reason alone is no ground for discrediting reason itself. On the contrary, Hazlitt argues passionately, reason is the glue that binds civilisation together. And if reason can no longer be considered as "the sole and self-sufficient ground of morals", we must thank Godwin for having shown us why, by having "taken this principle, and followed it into its remotest consequences with more keenness of eye and steadiness of hand than any other expounder of ethics." By doing so, he has revealed "the weak sides and imperfections of human reason as the sole law of human action."
Hazlitt moves on to Godwin's accomplishments as a novelist. For over a century, many critics took the best of his novels, "Caleb Williams", as a kind of propaganda novel, written to impress the ideas of "Political Justice" on the minds of the multitude who could not grasp its philosophy; this was what Godwin himself had claimed in the book's preface. But Hazlitt was impressed by its strong literary qualities, and, to a lesser extent, those of "St. Leon", exclaiming: "It is not merely that these novels are very well for a philosopher to have produced—they are admirable and complete in themselves, and would not lead you to suppose that the author, who is so entirely at home in human character and dramatic situation, had ever dabbled in logic or metaphysics."
Next Hazlitt compares Godwin's literary method to Sir Walter Scott's in the "Waverley Novels". Hazlitt devoted considerable thought to Scott's novels over several years, somewhat modifying his views about them; this is one of two discussions of them in this book, the other being in the essay on Scott. Here, it is Godwin's method that is seen as superior. Rather than, like Scott, creating novels out of "worm-eaten manuscripts ... forgotten chronicles, fragments and snatches of old ballads", Godwin "fills up his subject with the ardent workings of his own mind, with the teeming and audible pulses of his own heart." On the other hand, the flaw in relying so intensively on one's own imagination is that one runs out of ideas. "He who draws upon his own resources, easily comes to an end of his wealth."
Hazlitt then comments on Godwin's other writings and the nature of his genius. His productions are not spontaneous but rather rely on long, laboured thought. This quality also limits Godwin's powers of conversation, so he fails to appear the man of genius he is. "In common company, Mr. Godwin either goes to sleep himself, or sets others to sleep." But Hazlitt closes his essay with personal recollections of the man (and, as with Bentham, a description of his appearance) that set him in a more positive light: "you perceive by your host's talk, as by the taste of seasoned wine, that he has a "cellarage" in his understanding."
Intellectual historian Basil Willey, writing a century later, thought that Hazlitt's "essay on Godwin in "The Spirit of the Age" is still the fairest and most discerning summary I know of".
Mr. Coleridge.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge (1772–1834) was a poet, philosopher, literary critic, and theologian who was a major force behind the Romantic movement in England. No single person had meant more to Hazlitt's development as a writer than Coleridge, who changed the course of Hazlitt's life on their meeting in 1798. Afterwards at odds over politics, they became estranged, but Hazlitt continued to follow the intellectual development of one who answered more closely to his idea of a man of genius than anyone he had ever met, as he continued to chastise Coleridge and other former friends for their abandonment of the radical ideals they had once shared.
Unlike the accounts of Bentham and Godwin, Hazlitt's treatment of Coleridge in "The Spirit of the Age" presents no sketch of the man pursuing his daily life and habits. There is little about his appearance; the focus is primarily on the development of Coleridge's mind. Coleridge is a man of undoubted "genius", whose mind is "in the first class of general intellect". His problem is that he has been too bewitched by the mass of learning and literature from antiquity to the present time to focus on creating any truly lasting literary or philosophical work of his own, with the exception of a few striking poems early in his career.
In an extensive account later acclaimed as brilliant, Hazlitt surveys the astonishing range and development of Coleridge's studies and literary productions, from the poetry he wrote as a youth, to his deep and extensive knowledge of Greek dramatists, "epic poets ... philosophers ... orators". He notes Coleridge's deep and extensive exploration of more recent philosophy—including that of Hartley, Priestley, Berkeley, Leibniz, and Malebranche—and theologians such as Bishop Butler, John Huss, Socinus, Duns Scotus, Thomas Aquinas, Jeremy Taylor, and Swedenborg. He records Coleridge's fascination also with the poetry of Milton and Cowper, and the "wits of Charles the Second's days". Coleridge, he goes on, also "dallied with the British Essayists and Novelists, ... and Johnson, and Goldsmith, and Junius, and Burke, and Godwin ... and ... Rousseau, and Voltaire". And then, observes Hazlitt, Coleridge "lost himself in ... the Kantean philosophy, and ... Fichte and Schelling and Lessing".
Having followed in its breadth and depth Coleridge's entire intellectual career, Hazlitt now pauses to ask, "What is become of all this mighty heap of hope, of thought, of learning, and humanity? It has ended in swallowing doses of oblivion and in writing paragraphs in the "Courier".—Such, and so little is the mind of man!"
Hazlitt treats Coleridge's failings more leniently here than he had in earlier accounts (as he does others of that circle who had with him earlier "hailed the rising orb of liberty"). It is to be understood, he explains, that any man of intellect born in that age, with its awareness of so much that had already been accomplished, might feel incapable of adding anything to the general store of knowledge or art. Hazlitt characterises the age itself as one of "talkers, and not of doers. ... The accumulation of knowledge has been so great, that we are lost in wonder at the height it has reached, instead of attempting to climb or add to it; while the variety of objects distracts and dazzles the looker-on." And "Mr. Coleridge the most impressive talker of his age ...".
As for Coleridge's having gone over "to the "unclean side"" in politics, however regrettable, it may be understood by looking at the power then held by government-sponsored critics of any who seemed to threaten the established order. "The flame of liberty, the light of intellect was to be extinguished with the sword—or with slander, whose edge is sharper than the sword." Though Coleridge did not go as far as some of his colleagues in accepting a government office in exchange for withholding criticism of the current order, neither did he, in Hazlitt's account, align himself with such philosophers as Godwin, who, overtly steadfast in their principles, could be more resistant to "discomfiture, persecution, and disgrace."
Following his typical method of explaining by antitheses, Hazlitt contrasts Coleridge and Godwin. The latter, having far less general capacity, nevertheless was capable of fully utilizing his talents by focusing intently on work he was capable of; while the former, "by dissipating his , and dallying with every subject by turns, has done little or nothing to justify to the world or to posterity, the high opinion which all who have ever heard him converse, or known him intimately, with one accord entertain of him."
Critic David Bromwich finds in what Hazlitt does portray of Coleridge the man—metaphorically depicting the state of his mind—as rich with allusions to earlier poets and "echoes" of Coleridge's own poetry:
Mr. Coleridge has a "mind reflecting ages past": his voice is like the echo of the congregated roar of the 'dark rearward and abyss' of thought. He who has seen a mouldering tower by the side of a chrystal lake, hid by the mist, but glittering in the wave below, may conceive the dim, gleaming, uncertain intelligence of his eye; he who has marked the evening clouds uprolled (a world of vapours), has seen the picture of his mind, unearthly, unsubstantial, with gorgeous tints and ever-varying forms ...
Rev. Mr. Irving.
The Reverend Edward Irving (1792-1834) was a Scottish Presbyterian minister who, beginning in 1822, created a sensation in London with his fiery sermons denouncing the manners, practices, and beliefs of the time. His sermons at the Caledonian Asylum Chapel were attended by crowds that included the rich, the powerful, and the fashionable. Hazlitt was present on at least one occasion, 22 June 1823, as a reporter for "The Liberal".
Curious visitors to the chapel, along with some uneasy regular members of the congregation, would have been faced with a man of "uncommon height, a graceful figure and action, a clear and powerful voice, a striking, if not a fine face, a bold and fiery spirit, and a most portentous obliquity of vision" with, despite this slight defect, "elegance" of "the most admirable symmetry of form and ease of gesture", as well as "sable locks", a "clear iron-grey complexion, and firm-set features".
Moreover, with the sheer novelty of a combination of the traits of an actor, a preacher, an author—even a pugilist—Irving
keeps the public in awe by insulting all their favourite idols. He does not spare their politicians, their rulers, their moralists, their poets, their players, their critics, their reviewers, their magazine-writers ... He makes war upon all arts and sciences, upon the faculties and nature of man, on his vices and virtues, on all existing institutions, and all possible improvement ...
Irving, with his reactionary stance, has "opposed the spirit of the age". Among those subjected to Irving's brutal verbal onslaughts were "Jeremy Bentham ... Irving looking over the heads of his congregation to have a hit at the "Great Jurisconsult" in his study", as well as "Mr. Brougham ... Mr. Canning ... Mr. Coleridge ... and ... Lord Liverpool" (Prime Minister at the time). Of these notable figures, only Lord Liverpool did not rate his own chapter in "The Spirit of the Age".
But Irving's popularity, which Hazlitt suspected would not last, was a sign of another tendency of the age: "Few circumstances show the prevailing and preposterous rage for novelty in a more striking point of view, than the success of Mr. Irving's oratory."
Part of Irving's appeal was due to the increased influence of evangelical Christianity, notes historian Ben Wilson; the phenomenon of an Edward Irving preaching to the great and famous would have been inconceivable thirty years earlier. But the novelty of such a hitherto unseen combination of talents, Wilson concurs with Hazlitt, played no small part in Irving's popularity. And the inescapable fact of Irving's dominating physical presence, Wilson also agrees, had its effect. "William Hazlitt believed that no one would have gone to hear Irving had he been five feet high, ugly and soft-spoken."
As a case in point, Hazlitt brings in Irving's own mentor, the Scottish theologian, scientist, philosopher, and minister Dr. Thomas Chalmers (1780–1847), whom Hazlitt had heard preach in Glasgow. Comparing the published writings of both men, Chalmers was, thought Hazlitt, much more interesting as a thinker. Although he ultimately dismisses Chalmers' arguments as "sophistry", Hazlitt admires the elder clergyman's "scope of intellect" and "intensity of purpose". His "Astronomical Discourses" were engaging enough that Hazlitt had eagerly read through the entire volume at a sitting. His claim to our attention must rest on his writings; his unprepossessing appearance and ungainly manner in themselves, maintains Hazlitt, drew no audience. Chalmers' follower Irving, on the other hand, gets by on the strength of his towering physique and the novelty of his performances; judging him as a writer (his "For the Oracles of God, Four Orations" had just gone into a third edition), Hazlitt finds that "the ground work of his compositions is trashy and hackneyed, though set off by extravagant metaphors and an affected phraseology ... without the turn of his head and wave of his hand, his periods have nothing in them ... he himself is the only "idea" with which he has yet enriched the public mind!"
John Kinnaird suggests that in this essay, Hazlitt, with his "penetration" and "characteristically ruthless regard for truth", in his reference to Irving's "portentous obliquity of vision" insinuates that "one eye of Irving's imagination ... looks up to a wrathful God cast in his own image, 'endowed with all his own ... irritable humours in an infinitely exaggerated degree' the other is always squinting askew at the prestigious image of Edward Irving reflected in the gaze of his fashionable audience—and especially in the rapt admiration of the 'female part of his congregation'".
The Late Mr. Horne Tooke.
John Horne Tooke (1736–1812) was an English reformer, grammarian, clergyman, and politician. He became especially known for his support of radical causes and involvement in debates about political reform, and was briefly a Member of the British Parliament. He was also known for his ideas about English grammar, published in "ἔπεα πτερόεντα, or The Diversions of Purley" (1786, 1805).
By the time he was profiled as the third of "The Spirits of the Age" in Hazlitt's original series, Tooke had been dead for a dozen years. He was significant to Hazlitt as a "connecting link" between the previous age and the present. Hazlitt had known Tooke personally, having attended gatherings at his home next to Wimbledon Common until about 1808.
"Mr. Horne Tooke", writes Hazlitt, "was in private company, and among his friends, the finished gentleman of the last age. His manners were as fascinating as his conversation was spirited and delightful." Yet "his mind, and the tone of his feelings were "modern"." He delighted in raillery, and prided himself on his cool, even temper. "He was a man of the world, a scholar bred, and a most acute and powerful logician ... his intellect was like a bow of polished steel, from which he shot sharp-pointed poisoned arrows at his friends in private, at this enemies in public." Yet his thinking was one-sided: "he had no imagination ... no delicacy of taste, no rooted prejudices or strong attachments".
Tooke's greatest delight, as seen by Hazlitt, was in contradiction, in startling others with radical ideas that at the time were considered shocking: "It was curious to hear our modern sciolist advancing opinions of the most radical kind without any mixture of radical heat or violence, in a tone of fashionable "nonchalance", with elegance of gesture and attitude, and with the most perfect good-humour."
His mastery of the art of verbal fencing was such that many eagerly sought invitation to his private gatherings, where they could "admire" his skills "or break a lance with him." With a rapier wit, Tooke excelled in situations where "a ready repartee, a shrewd cross-question, ridicule and banter, a caustic remark or an amusing anecdote, whatever set off to advantage, or gratifie[d the curiosity or piqued the self-love of the hearers, keep ... attention alive and secure[d his triumph ..." As a "satirist" and "a sophist" he could provoke "admiration by expressing his contempt for each of his adversaries in turn, and by setting their opinion at defiance."
Tooke was in Hazlitt's view much less successful in public life. In private, he could be seen at his best and afford amusement by "say the most provoking things with a laughing gaiety". In public, as when he briefly served as a Member of Parliament, this attitude would not do. He did not really seem to believe in any great "public cause" or "show ... sympathy with the general and predominant feelings of mankind." Hazlitt explains that "it was his delight to make mischief and spoil sport. He would rather be "against" himself than "for" any body else."
Hazlitt also notes that there was more to Tooke's popular gatherings than verbal repartee. Having been involved in politics over a long life, Tooke could captivate his audience with his anecdotes, especially in his later years:
He knew all the cabals and jealousies and heart-burnings in the beginning of the late reign King George III, the changes of administration and the springs of secret influence, the characters of the leading men, Wilkes, Barrè, Dunning, Chatham, Burke, the Marquis of Rockingham, North, Shelburne, Fox, Pitt, and all the vacillating events of the American war:—these formed a curious back-ground to the more prominent figures that occupied the present time ...
Hazlitt felt that Tooke would be longest remembered, however, for his ideas about English grammar. By far the most popular English grammar of the early 19th century was that of Lindley Murray, and, in his typical method of criticism by antitheses, Hazlitt points out what he considers to be its glaring deficiencies compared to that of Tooke: "Mr. Lindley Murray's Grammar ... confounds the genius of the English language, making it periphrastic and literal, instead of elliptical and idiomatic." Murray, as well as other, earlier grammarians, often provided "endless details and subdivisions"; Tooke, in his work commonly known by its alternate title of "The Diversions of Purley", "clears away the rubbish of school-boy technicalities, and strikes at the root of his subject." Tooke's mind was particularly suited for his task, as it was "hard, unbending, concrete, physical, half-savage ..." and he could see "language stripped of the clothing of habit or sentiment, or the disguises of doting pedantry, naked in its cradle, and in its primitive state." That Lindley's book should have been the grammar to have "proceeded to thirtieth edition" and find a place in all the schools instead of "Horne Tooke's genuine anatomy of the English tongue" makes it seem, exclaims Hazlitt, "as if there was a patent for absurdity in the natural bias of the human mind, and that folly should be "stereotyped!".
A century and a half later, critic John Kinnaird saw this essay on Horne Tooke as being essential to Hazlitt's implicit development of his idea of the "spirit of the age". Not only did Tooke's thinking partake of the excessive "abstraction" that was becoming so dominant, it constituted opposition for the sake of opposition, thereby becoming an impediment to any real human progress. It was this sort of contrariness, fueled by "self-love", that, according to Kinnaird, is manifested in many of the later subjects of the essays in "The Spirit of the Age".
Hazlitt's criticism of Tooke's grammatical work has also been singled out. Critic Tom Paulin notes the way Hazlitt's subtle choice of language hints at the broader, politically radical implications of Tooke's linguistic achievement. Paulin observes also that Hazlitt's recognition of Tooke's work presaged the grammatical work of the radical William Cobbett, the subject of a later essay in "The Spirit of the Age".
Sir Walter Scott.
Sir Walter Scott (1771–1832), a Scottish lawyer and man of letters, was the most popular poet and, beginning in 1814, writing novels anonymously as "The Author of "Waverley" ", the most popular author in the English language. Hazlitt was an admirer as well as a reviewer of Scott's fiction, yet he never met the man, despite ample opportunities to do so.
In Hazlitt's view, the essence of Scott's mind lay in its "brooding over antiquity." The past provided nearly all his subject matter; he showed little interest in depicting modern life. This was true of his poetry as much as his prose. But, in Hazlitt's view, as a poet, his success was limited, even as a chronicler of the past. His poetry, concedes Hazlitt, has "great merit", abounding "in vivid descriptions, in spirited action, in smooth and glowing versification." Yet it is wanting in ""character" ". Though composed of "quaint, uncouth, rugged materials", it is varnished over with a "smooth, glossy texture ... It is light, agreeable, effeminate, diffuse." Hazlitt declares, "We would rather have written one song of Burns, or a single passage in Lord Byron's "Heaven and Earth", or one of Wordsworth's 'fancies and good-nights,' than all of [Scott's] epics."
The matter is altogether different with Scott the novelist. The poems were read because they were fashionable. But the popularity of the novels was such that fanatically devoted readers fiercely debated the respective merits of their favourite characters and scenes. Hazlitt, whose reviews had been highly favourable and appreciated these books as much as anyone, here elaborates on his own favourites, after first discussing a qualifying issue.
The greatest literary artists, Hazlitt had pointed out in the essay on Godwin, give shape to their creations by infusing them with imagination. As creator of such works as "Old Mortality", "The Heart of Midlothian", and "Ivanhoe", Scott, adhering closely to his sources, restricts his imaginative investment in the story, hemming himself in by the historical facts. Even so, he manages to bring the past to life. He is the "amanuensis of truth and history" by means of a rich array of characters and situations. Hazlitt recalls these characters in a rhapsodic passage, described by critic John Kinnaird as "a stunning pageant, two pages in length, of more than forty Scott characters, which he summons individually from his memory, citing for each some quality or act or association which makes them unforgettable."
From "Waverley", the first of these books, published in 1814, he recalls "the Baron of Bradwardine, stately, kind-hearted, whimsical, pedantic; and Flora MacIvor". Next, in "Old Mortality", there are
that lone figure, like a figure in Scripture, of the woman sitting on the stone at the turning to the mountain, to warn Burley Balfour that there is a lion in his path; and the fawning Claverhouse, beautiful as a panther, smooth-looking, blood-spotted; and the fanatics, Macbriar and Mucklewrath, crazed with zeal and sufferings; and the inflexible Morton, and the faithful Edith, who refused "to give her hand to another while her heart was with her lover in the deep and dead sea." And in "The Heart of Midlothian" we have Effie Deans (that sweet, faded flower) and Jeanie, her more than sister, and old David Deans, the patriarch of St. Leonard's Crags, and Butler, and Dumbiedikes, eloquent in his silence, and Mr. Bartoline Saddle-tree and his prudent helpmate, and Porteous, swinging in the wind, and Madge Wildfire, full of finery and madness, and her ghastly mother.
He continues enthusiastically through dozens of others, exclaiming, "What a list of names! What a host of associations! What a thing is human life! What a power is that of genius! ... His works (taken together) are almost like a new edition of human nature. This is indeed to be an author!"
Writing a century and a half later, critic John Kinnaird observes that Hazlitt was "Scott's greatest contemporary critic" and wrote the first important criticism of the novel, particularly in the form it was then beginning to assume. Hazlitt's thinking on the new historical fiction of Scott was in the process of evolving. Earlier, even to an extent in this essay, he had downplayed the novels as being little more than a transcription from old chronicles. But Hazlitt had begun to recognise the degree of imagination Scott had to apply in order to bring dry facts to life.
Hazlitt also recognised that, at his best, Scott conveyed his characters' traits and beliefs impartially, setting aside his own political bias. Having faithfully and disinterestedly described "nature" in all its detail was in itself a praiseworthy accomplishment. "It is impossible", writes Hazlitt, "to say how fine his writings in consequence are, unless we could describe how fine nature is." Kinnaird also notes Hazlitt's psychologically acute observation of how Scott, in taking us back to our more primitive past, recognised "the role of the repressed unconscious self in shaping modern literary imagination." He sees Hazlitt, too, in "The Spirit of the Age" along with some other essays, as the first to recognize how Scott traced the action of historical forces through individual characters.
Scott the man, laments Hazlitt, was quite different from Scott the poet and novelist. Even in his fiction, there is a notable bias, in his dramatisation of history, toward romanticising the age of chivalry and glorifying "the good old times". Hazlitt sarcastically observes that Scott appeared to want to obliterate all of the achievements of centuries of civilised reform and revive the days when "witches and heretics" were burned "at slow fires", and men could be "strung up like acorns on trees without judge or jury".
Scott was known to be a staunch Tory. But what especially roused Hazlitt's ire was his association with the unprincipled publisher William Blackwood, the ringleader of a pack of literary thugs hired to smear the reputations of writers who expressed radical or liberal political views. One of the pack was Scott's own son-in-law, John Gibson Lockhart. Hazlitt grants that Scott was "amiable, frank, friendly, manly in private life" and showed "candour and comprehensiveness of view for history". Yet he also "vented his littleness, pique, resentment, bigotry, and intolerance on his contemporaries". Hazlitt concludes this account by lamenting that the man who was "(by common consent) the finest, most humane and accomplished writer of his age have associated himself with and encouraged the lowest panders of a venal press ... we believe that there is no other age or country of the world (but ours), in which such genius could have been so degraded!"
Lord Byron.
Lord Byron (1788–1824) was the most popular poet of his day, a major figure of the English Romantic movement, and an international celebrity. Although Hazlitt never met Byron, he had been following his career for years. Besides reviewing his poetry and some of his prose, Hazlitt had contributed to "The Liberal", a journal Byron helped establish but later abandoned.
""Intensity"", writes Hazlitt, "is the great and prominent distinction of Lord Byron's writing. ... He grapples with his subject, and moves, and animates it by the electric force of his own feelings ... he is never dull". His style is "rich and dipped in Tyrian dyes ... an object of delight and wonder". Though he begins with "commonplaces", he "takes care to adorn his subject matter "with 'thoughts that breathe and words that burn' ... we always find the spirit of the man of genius breathing from his verse". In "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage", for example, though the subject matter is no more than "what is familiar to the mind of every school boy", Byron makes of it a "lofty and impassioned view of the great events of history", "he shows us the crumbling monuments of time, he invokes the great names, the mighty spirit of antiquity." Hazlitt continues, "Lord Byron has strength and elevation enough to fill up the moulds of our classical and time-hallowed recollections, and to rekindle the earliest aspirations of the mind after greatness and true glory with a pen of fire."
Despite being impressed by such passages, Hazlitt also voices serious reservations about Byron's poetry as a whole: "He seldom gets beyond force of style, nor has he produced any regular work or masterly whole." Hazlitt mentions having heard that Byron composed at odd times, whether inspired or not, and this shows in the results, with Byron "chiefly think how he shall display his own power, or vent his spleen, or astonish the reader either by starting new subjects and trains of speculation, or by expressing old ones in a more striking and emphatic manner than they have been expressed before."
Such "wild and gloomy romances" like ""Lara", the "Corsair", etc.", while often showing "inspiration", also reveal "the madness of poetry", being "sullen, moody, capricious, fierce, inexorable, gloating on beauty, thirsting for revenge, hurrying from the extremes of pleasure to pain, but with nothing permanent, nothing healthy or natural".
Byron's dramas are undramatic. "They abound in speeches and descriptions, such as he himself might make either to himself or others, lolling on his couch of a morning, but do not carry the reader out of the poet's mind to the scenes and events recorded." In this Byron follows most of his contemporaries, as Hazlitt argued in many of his critical writings, the tendency of the age, in imaginative literature as well as philosophical and scientific, being toward generalisation, "abstraction". Also counteracting his immense power, the tone of even some of the best of Byron's poetry is violated by annoying descents into the ridiculous. "You laugh and are surprised that any one should turn round and "travestie" himself". This is shown especially in the early parts of "Don Juan", where, "after the lightning and the hurricane, we are introduced to the interior of the cabin and the contents of wash-hand basins." After noting several such provoking incongruities, Hazlitt characterises "Don Juan" overall as "a poem written about itself" (he reserves judgement about the later cantos of that poem).
The range of Byron's characters, Hazlitt contends, is too narrow. Returning again and again to the type that would later be called the "Byronic hero", "Lord Byron makes man after his own image, woman after his own heart; the one is a capricious tyrant, the other a yielding slave; he gives us the misanthrope and the voluptuary by turns; and with these two characters, burning or melting in their own fires, he makes out everlasting centos of himself."
Byron, observes Hazlitt, was born an aristocrat, but "he is the spoiled child of fame as well as fortune." Always parading himself before the public, he is not satisfied simply to be admired; he "is not contented to delight, unless he can shock the public. He would force them to admire in spite of decency and common sense. ... His Lordship is hard to please: he is equally averse to notice or neglect, enraged at censure and scorning praise." In his poetry—Hazlitt's example is the drama "Cain"—Byron "floats on swelling paradoxes" and "panders to the spirit of the age, goes to the very edge of extreme and licentious speculation, and breaks his neck over it."
In the course of characterising Byron, Hazlitt glances back to Scott, subject of the preceding chapter, and forward to Wordsworth and Southey, each of whom secures his own essay later in "The Spirit of the Age". Scott, the only one of these writers who rivals Byron in popularity, notes Hazlitt in a lengthy comparison, keeps his own character offstage in his works; he is content to present "nature" in all its variety. Scott "takes in half the universe in feeling, character, description"; Byron, on the other hand, "shuts himself up in the Bastile of his own ruling passions."
While Byron's poetry, with all its power, is founded on "commonplaces", Wordsworth's poetry expresses something new, raising seemingly insignificant objects of nature to supreme significance. He is capable of seeing the profundity, conveying the effect on the heart, of a "daisy or a periwinkle", thus lifting poetry from the ground, "creat a sentiment out of nothing." Byron, according to Hazlitt, does not show this kind of originality.
As for Robert Southey, Byron satirised Southey's poem "A Vision of Judgment"— which celebrates the late King George III's ascent to heaven—with his own "The Vision of Judgment". Although Hazlitt says he does not much care for Byron's satires (criticising especially the heavy-handedness of the early "English Bards and Scotch Reviewers"), he grants that "the extravagance and license of poem seems a proper antidote to the bigotry and narrowness of" Southey's.
Hazlitt argues that "the chief cause of most of Lord Byron's errors is, that he is that anomaly in letters and in society, a Noble Poet. ... His muse is also a lady of quality. The people are not polite enough for him: the court not sufficiently intellectual. He hates the one and despises the other. By hating and despising others, he does not learn to be satisfied with himself."
In conclusion—at least his originally intended conclusion—Hazlitt notes that Byron was now in Greece attempting to aid a revolt against Turkish occupation. With this sentence the chapter would have ended; but Hazlitt adds another paragraph, beginning with an announcement that he has just then learned of Byron's death. This sobering news, he says, has put "an end at once to a strain of somewhat peevish invective".
Rather than withhold what he has written or refashion it into a eulogy, however, Hazlitt maintains that it is "more like himself" to let stand words that were "intended to meet his eye, not to insult his memory." "Death", Hazlitt concludes, "cancels everything but truth; and strips a man of everything but genius and virtue." Byron's accomplishments will be judged by posterity. "A poet's cemetery is the human mind, in which he sows the seeds of never-ending thought—his monument is to be found in his works. ... Lord Byron is dead: he also died a martyr to his zeal in the cause of freedom, for the first, last, best hopes of man. Let that be his excuse and his epitaph!"
While Hazlitt showed an "obvious relish" for some of Byron's poetry, on the whole his attitude toward Byron was never simple, and later critics' assessments of Hazlitt's view of Byron's poetry diverge radically. Andrew Rutherford, who includes most of "The Spirit of the Age" essay on Lord Byron in an anthology of criticism of Byron, himself expresses the belief that Hazlitt had a "distaste for Byron's works". Biographer Duncan Wu, on the other hand, simply notes Hazlitt's admiration for the "power" of "Don Juan". Biographer A.C. Grayling asserts that Hazlitt "was consistent in praising his 'intensity of conception and expression' and his 'wildness of invention, brilliant and elegant fancy, caustic wit'." John Kinnaird judges that Hazlitt, in assessing the relative merits of Wordsworth's and Byron's poetry, dismisses too readily as morbid the obsession with death in Byron's poetry, thus minimizing one of its strengths. David Bromwich emphasises the significance of Hazlitt's observation that Byron thought he stood "above his own reputation", pointing out that Hazlitt ties this attitude to Byron's imperfect sympathy with the feelings common to all humanity, which in turn undermines the best in his poetry and diminishes its value relative to the best of Wordsworth's.
Mr. Southey.
Robert Southey (1774-1843) was a prolific author of poetry, essays, histories, biographies, and translations, and Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom from 1813 to 1843. Hazlitt first met Southey in London in 1799. The two, along with Coleridge and Wordsworth, whom he had met not long before, were swept up in the movement supporting the rights of the common man that inspired much of the educated English population in the wake of the French Revolution. During his brief career as a painter, until about 1803, Hazlitt spent time in the Lake District with Southey and the others, where they debated the future improvement of society as they rambled over the countryside.
Years earlier, a reaction by the establishment to the reformers had already begun to set in, and, after another fifteen years, the English political atmosphere had become stifling to the champions of liberty. Wordsworth, Coleridge, and Southey all shifted their political allegiance to the right, which, among other things, drove a wedge between them and Hazlitt. The alteration in Southey's politics was the sharpest. His earlier extreme radical position was implied in his play "Wat Tyler", which seemed to advocate violent revolt by the lower classes. Now he expressed a stance of absolute support of the severest reprisals against any who dared criticise the government, declaring that "a Reformer is a worse character than a housebreaker". This opinion was put forth in an article in the conservative "Quarterly Review", published—anonymously but widely believed (and later confessed) to be Southey's—in 1817, the same year his "Wat Tyler" was brought to light and published against his will, to Southey's embarrassment. Hazlitt's reaction to Southey's abrupt about-face was a savage attack in the liberal "Examiner". Wordsworth and Coleridge supported Southey and tried to discredit Hazlitt's attacks.
By 1824, when Hazlitt reviewed the history of his relationship with Southey, his anger had considerably subsided. As with the other character sketches in "The Spirit of the Age", he did his best to treat his subject impartially.
He opens this essay with a painterly image of Southey as an embodiment of self-contradiction: "We formerly remember to have seen him a hectic flush on his cheek [and a smile betwixt hope and sadness that still played upon his quivering lip." Hazlitt continues:
In a detailed psychological analysis, Hazlitt explains Southey's self-contradiction: rather than being wedded to truth, he is attached to his own opinions, which depend on "the indulgence of vanity, of caprice, prejudice ... regulated by the convenience or bias of the moment." As a "politician", he is governed by a temperament that is fanciful, "poetical, not philosophical." He "has not patience to think that evil is inseparable from the nature of things." Hazlitt's explanation is that, despite Southey's changing opinions, based on "impressions [that are accidental, immediate, personal", he is "of all mortals the most impatient of contradiction, even when he has turned the tables on himself." This is because at bottom he knows his opinions have nothing solid to back them. "Is he not jealous of the grounds of his belief, because he fears they will not bear inspection, or is conscious he has shifted them? ... He maintains that there can be no possible ground for differing from him, because he looks only at his own side of the question!" "He treats his opponents with contempt, because he is himself afraid of meeting with disrespect! He says that 'a Reformer is a worse character than a house-breaker,' in order to stifle the recollection that he himself once was one!"
Despite Southey's then assumed public "character of poet-laureat and courtier", his character at bottom is better suited to the role of reformer. "Mr. Southey is not of the court, courtly. Every thing of him and about him is from the people." As evidenced in his writings, "he bows to no authority; he yields only to his own wayward peculiarities." His poetic eulogy of the late King George III, for example, which had been mercilessly mocked by Byron, was, oddly, also a poetic experiment, "a specimen of what might be done in English hexameters."
Surveying the range of Southey's voluminous writings, constituting a virtual library, Hazlitt finds worth noting "the spirit, the scope, the splendid imagery, the hurried and startled interest" of his long narrative poems, with their exotic subject matter. His prose volumes of history, biography, and translations from Spanish and Portuguese authors, while they lack originality, are well researched and are written in a "plain, clear, pointed, familiar, perfectly modern" style that is better than that of any other poet of the day, and "can scarcely be too much praised." In his prose, "there is no want of playful or biting satire, of ingenuity, of casuistry, of learning and of information."
Southey's major failing is that, with a spirit of free inquiry that he cannot suppress in himself, he attempts to suppress free inquiry in others. Yet, even in Southey's political writings, Hazlitt credits him as refraining from advocating what might be practised by "those whose hearts are naturally callous to truth, and whose understandings are hermetically sealed against all impressions but those of self-interest". He remains, after all, "a reformist without knowing it. He does not advocate the slave-trade, he does not arm Mr. Malthus's revolting ratios with his authority, he does not strain hard to deluge Ireland with blood."
In Southey's personal appearance, there is something eccentric, even off-putting: he "walks with his chin erect through the streets of London, and with an umbrella sticking out under his arm, in the finest weather." "With a tall, loose figure, a peaked austerity of countenance, and no inclination to "embonpoint", you would say he has something puritanical, something ascetic in his appearance." Hazlitt hopes the negative aspects of his character will dissipate, wishing that Southey live up to his own ideal as expressed in his poem "The Holly-Tree" so that "as he mellows into maturer age, all asperities may wear off..."
Continuing with a more balanced view than any he had expressed before, Hazlitt notes Southey's many fine qualities: he is a tireless worker, "is constant, unremitting, mechanical in his studies, and the performance of his duties. ... In all the relations and charities of private life, he is correct, exemplary, generous, just. We never heard a single impropriety laid to his charge." "With some gall in his pen, and coldness in his manner, he has a great deal of kindness in his heart. Rash in his opinions", concludes Hazlitt, Southey "is steady in his attachments—and is a man, in many particulars admirable, in all respectable—his political inconsistency alone excepted!"
Historian Crane Brinton a century later applauded Hazlitt's "fine critical intelligence" in judging Southey's character and works. Later, Tom Paulin, with admiration for the richness of Hazlitt's style, traced his writing on Southey from the "savage" attacks in 1816 and 1817 through the more balanced assessment in this sketch. Paulin especially notes allusive and tonal subtleties in Hazlitt's poetic prose that served to highlight, or at times subtly qualify, the portrait of Southey he was trying to paint. This, Paulin observes, is an example of how Hazlitt "invest his vast, complex aesthetic terminology with a Shakespearean richness ... perhaps the only critic in English" to do so.
Mr. Wordsworth.
William Wordsworth (1770-1850) was an English poet, often considered, with Samuel Taylor Coleridge, to have inaugurated the Romantic movement in English poetry with the publication in 1798 of their "Lyrical Ballads". Hazlitt was introduced to Wordsworth by Coleridge, and both had a shaping influence on him, who was privileged to have read "Lyrical Ballads" in manuscript. Though Hazlitt was never close with Wordsworth, their relationship was cordial for many years. As between Coleridge and Hazlitt, as well as Southey and Hazlitt, differences between Wordsworth and Hazlitt over politics were a major cause of the breakdown of their friendship.
But there was another cause for the rupture. Hazlitt had reviewed Wordsworth's "The Excursion" in 1814, approvingly, but with serious reservations. Wordsworth's poetry was appreciated by few at that time. "The Excursion" was notoriously demeaned by the influential Francis Jeffrey in his "Edinburgh Review" criticism beginning with the words, "This will never do", while Hazlitt's account was later judged to have been the most penetrating of any written at the time. Still, Wordsworth was unable to tolerate less than unconditional acceptance of his poetry, and he resented Hazlitt's review as much as he did Jeffrey's. Their relations deteriorated further, and by 1815 they were bitter enemies.
Despite his grievous disappointment with a man he had once thought an ally in the cause of humanity, after nearly ten years of severe and sometimes excessive criticism of his former idol (some of it in reaction to Wordsworth's attempt to impugn his character), as with his other former friends of the period, in "The Spirit of the Age" Hazlitt attempts to reassess Wordsworth as fairly as he can. For all of Wordsworth's limitations, he is after all the best and most representative poetic voice of the period:
"Mr. Wordsworth's genius is a pure emanation of the Spirit of the Age." His poetry is revolutionary in that it is equalizing. Written more purely in the vernacular style than any earlier poetry, it values all humanity alike rather than taking an aristocratic viewpoint. It is something entirely new: Mr. Wordsworth "tries to compound a new system of poetry from simplest elements of nature and of the human mind ... and has succeeded perhaps as well as anyone could."
Wordsworth's poetry conveys what is interesting in the commonest events and objects. It probes the feelings shared by all. It "disdains" the artificial, the unnatural, the ostentatious, the "cumbrous ornaments of style", the old conventions of verse composition. His subject is himself in nature: "He clothes the naked with beauty and grandeur from the stores of his own recollections". "His imagination lends 'a sense of joy to the bare trees and mountains bare, and grass in the green field'. ... No one has shown the same imagination in raising trifles into importance: no one has displayed the same pathos in treating of the simplest feelings of the heart."
To him "nature is a kind of home ... There is no image so insignificant that it has not in some mood or other found its way into his heart..." He has described the most seemingly insignificant objects of nature in such "a way and with an intensity of feeling that no one else had done before him, and has given a new view or aspect of nature. He is in this sense the most original poet now living..."
Hazlitt notes that, in psychological terms, the underlying basis for what is essential in Wordsworth's poetry is the principle of the association of ideas. "Every one is by habit and familiarity strongly attached to the place of his birth, or to objects that recal the most pleasing and eventful circumstances of his life. But to , nature is a kind of home".
Wordsworth's poetry, especially when the "Lyrical Ballads" had been published 26 years earlier, was such a radical departure that scarcely anyone understood it. Even at the time Hazlitt was writing this essay, "The vulgar do not read poems, the learned, who see all things through books, do not understand them, the great despise, the fashionable may ridicule them: but the author has created himself an interest in the heart of the retired and lonely student of nature, which can never die." "It may be considered as a characteristic of our poet's writings," Hazlitt reflects, "that they either make no impression on the mind at all, seem mere "nonsense-verses", or that they leave a mark behind them that never wears out. ... To one class of readers he appears sublime, to another (and we fear the largest) ridiculous."
Hazlitt then briefly comments on some of Wordsworth's more recent "philosophical production" which (for example, "Laodamia") he finds "classical and courtly ... polished in style without being gaudy, dignified in subject without affectation." As in the earlier sketches, Hazlitt finds links between his earlier and later subjects. If there are a few lines in Byron's poems that give him the heartfelt satisfaction that so many of Wordsworth's poems do, it is only when "he descends with Mr. Wordsworth to the common ground of a disinterested humanity" by "leaving aside his usual pomp and pretension."
Ten years earlier Hazlitt had reviewed what was then Wordsworth's longest and most ambitious published poem, "The Excursion", and he briefly remarks on it here. Though he does not disdainfully dismiss it as Jeffrey had, he expresses serious reservations. It includes "delightful passages ... both of natural description and of inspired reflection it affects a system without having an intelligible clue to one." "The Excursion" suffers from what Hazlitt highlights as a major flaw in contemporary poetry in general: it tends toward excessive generalisation, "abstraction". Thus it ends up being both inadequate philosophy and poetry that has detached itself from the essence and variety of life.
As in his essays in this book on other subjects he had seen personally, Hazlitt includes a sketch of the poet's personal appearance and manner: "Mr. Wordsworth, in his person, is above the middle size, with marked features, and an air somewhat stately and Quixotic." He is especially effective at reading his own poetry. "No one who has seen him at these moments could go away with the impression that he was a man 'of no mark or likelihood.'"
Then Hazlitt comments on the nature of Wordsworth's taste in art and his interest in and judgements of artists and earlier poets. His tastes show the elevation of his style, but also the narrowness of his focus. Wordsworth's artistic sympathies are with Poussin and Rembrandt, showing an affinity for the same subjects. Like Rembrandt, he invests "the minute details of nature with an atmosphere of sentiment". Wordsworth has little sympathy with Shakespeare. Related to this, asserts Hazlitt, is the undramatic nature of Wordsworth's own poetry. This is the result of a character flaw, egotism. He regrets his own harsh criticism of a few years earlier, but still maintains that Wordsworth's egotism, narrowing the range of his interests, restricts his literary achievement. And yet, Hazlitt reflects, as is frequently the case with men of genius, an egotistic narrowness is often found together with an ability to do one thing supremely well.
Hazlitt concludes with a psychological analysis of the effect on Wordsworth's character of his disappointment with the poor reception of his poetry. But he ends on a note of optimism. Wordsworth has gained an increasing body of admirers "of late years". This will save him from "becoming the God of his own idolatry!"
The 20th-century critic Christopher Salvesen notes that Hazlitt's observation in "The Spirit of the Age" that Wordsworth's poetry is "synthetic" characterises it best, and Roy Park in an extensive study expresses the view that Hazlitt, as the poet's contemporary, most completely understood the essence of his poetry as a significant component of the "spirit of the age".
Sir James Mackintosh.
Sir James Mackintosh (1765-1832), widely admired as one of the most learned men in Europe, was a Scottish lawyer, legislator, educator, philosopher, historian, scholar, and Member of Parliament from 1813 to 1830. Mackintosh came to Hazlitt's attention as early as 1791, when he published his "Vindiciae Gallicae", a defence of the French Revolution, then unfolding. Written as a response to Edmund Burke's "Reflections on the Revolution in France", it was warmly received by liberal thinkers of the time. However, later persuaded by Burke himself to renounce his earlier views about the Revolution, Mackintosh, in his 1799 lectures at Lincoln's Inn (published as "A Discourse on the Study of the Law of Nature and Nations"), attended by Hazlitt, reversed his position, subjecting reformers, particularly Godwin, to severe criticism, and dealing a blow to the liberal cause.
Mackintosh thereafter became a bitter disappointment to Hazlitt. Looking back at the elder man's change of political sentiments, Hazlitt observed that the lecturer struck a harsh note if he felt it were a triumph to have exulted in the end of all hope for the "future improvement" of the human race; rather it should have been a matter for "lamentation". The two later again crossed paths, when Hazlitt, as a political reporter, attended Mackintosh's "maiden speech" in Parliament, in 1813, leading Hazlitt to think deeply about what constitutes an effective speech in a legislative body (Mackintosh's was presented as a counter-example in Hazlitt's 1820 essay on the subject). By this time, Mackintosh's return to the liberal camp had begun to take the edge off Hazlitt's bitterness, although he regretted that the nature of his talents kept Mackintosh from being an effective ally in Parliament.
Eleven years later, in his summing up of Mackintosh's place among his contemporaries, as elsewhere in "The Spirit of the Age", Hazlitt attempts a fair reassessment. As he analyses the characteristics of Mackintosh as a public speaker, a conversationalist, and a scholarly writer, Hazlitt traces the progress of his life, noting his interactions with Edmund Burke over the French Revolution, his tenure as chief judge in India, and his final career as Member of Parliament.
"As a writer, a speaker, and a converser", he begins, Mackintosh is "one of the ablest and most accomplished men of the age", "a man of the world", and a "scholar" of impressive learning, "master of almost every known topic". "His "Vindiciae Gallicae" is a work of great labour, great ingenuity, great brilliancy, and great vigour." After he changed political sides for a time, Mackintosh then began to excel as an "intellectual gladiator". Of his qualifications in this regard, Hazlitt remarks, "Few subjects can be started, on which he is not qualified to appear to advantage as the gentleman and scholar. ... There is scarce an author he has not read; a period of history he is not conversant with; a celebrated name of which he has not a number of anecdotes to relate; an intricate question that he is not prepared to enter upon in a popular or scientific manner."
As he praises Mackintosh's impressive talents and intellect, however, Hazlitt also brings out his limitations. In demolishing his adversaries, including Godwin and the reformers in his famous lectures, Mackintosh "seemed to stand with his back to the drawers in a metaphysical dispensary, and to take out of them whatever ingredients suited his purpose. In this way he had an antidote for every error, an answer to every folly. The writings of Burke, Hume, Berkeley, Paley, Lord Bacon, Jeremy Taylor, Grotius, Puffendorf, Cicero, Aristotle, Tacitus, Livy, Sully, Machiavel, Guicciardini, Thuanus, lay open beside him, and he could instantly lay his hand upon the passage, and quote them chapter and verse to the clearing up of all difficulties, and the silencing of all oppugners." But there is a fatal flaw in all this impressive intellectual "juggling" (which, Tom Paulin notes, alludes to Hazlitt's earlier contrast between the deft but mechanical "Indian jugglers" and representatives of true genius): his performances were "philosophical centos", the thoughts of others simply stitched together. "They were profound, brilliant, new to his hearers; but the profundity, the brilliancy, the novelty were not his own." For all his impressive erudition, Mackintosh's writing and speaking are entirely unoriginal.
In his characteristic fashion, Hazlitt looks back to an earlier subject of these essays and compares Mackintosh with Coleridge. While the latter's genius often strays from reality, his imagination creates something new. Mackintosh, on the other hand, with a similarly impressive command of his subject matter, mechanically presents the thinking of others. There is no integration of his learning with his own thinking, no passion, nothing fused in the heat of imagination.
This preference for book learning and lack of intense involvement in the world around him were detrimental to Mackintosh's later career, even though he drifted back to a more liberal political stance. Hazlitt, who heard him speak in Parliament, observes that, just as his previous appointment as a judge in India was unsuited to a man who worked out his thought in terms of "school-exercises", Mackintosh's mind did not fit well the defender of political causes, which needed more passionate engagement. "Sir James is by education and habit and ... by the original turn of his mind, a college-man in public speaking the logician takes place of the orator". Hazlitt recalls having heard him speak publicly in the House of Commons "seldom ... without pain for the event." The House is not the place to speak only the truth. Too much "interest" rather than pure "love of truth" enters into the decisions made in Parliament. And "the judgment of the House is not a balance to weigh scruples and reasons to the turn of a fraction. ... Sir James, in detailing the inexhaustible stores of his memory and reading, in unfolding the wide range of his theory and practice, in laying down the rules and the exceptions, in insisting upon the advantages and the objections with equal explicitness, would be sure to let something drop that a dexterous and watchful adversary would easily pick up and turn against him..."
Mackintosh, like Coleridge, shines as one of the great conversationalists in an age of "talkers, not of doers". Arguing cases in a Parliamentary setting, however, offers less immediate stimulation; in later years, Hazlitt claims, he has grown tired of all that weight of learning, unenlivened by anything new he might have used it for in his imagination. In speaking, as in his later writing, the "trim, pointed expression ambitious ornaments ... ostentatious display and rapid volubility" of his earlier writing are gone, leaving only the productions of a mind that works with "given preconceptions." His ideas "do not flow naturally and gracefully from one another" and "have been laid down beforehand in a sort of formal division or frame-work of the understanding. ... There is no principle of fusion in the work; he strikes after the iron is cold, and there is a want of malleability in the style."
However much Hazlitt tries to be fair to Mackintosh, in the view of Tom Paulin, nearly two centuries later, subtle stylistic elements in his account of Mackintosh, even in the latter's triumphant 1799 lectures, undermine his own account of him as an impressively learned man, casting the scholarly jurist and Member of Parliament in a ridiculous light and showing him to be "a self-caricaturing absurdity".
Mr. Malthus.
Thomas Robert Malthus (1766–1834) was an English clergyman, philosopher, economist, and educator whose "Essay on the Principle of Population" shocked the philosophers and social reformers of Europe in 1798, sparking two centuries of controversy about human population and its control. The first edition of Malthus's book claimed a mathematical foundation for the assertion that human population growth always far outstrips the growth of the means to support it, and population can be checked only by "vice and misery". As an open attack on schemes of Utopian reform advocated by Godwin and Condorcet, Malthus's book soon drew support from conservative politicians, who used it as an excuse to attempt to dismantle the Poor Laws, setting a trend that continued for centuries. In Hazlitt's day, at least one major political faction claimed that direct public assistance to alleviate poverty was ineffective, maintaining that businesses pursuing profit would automatically result in the best social conditions possible, allowing the inevitability of some attrition of the poor by disease and starvation. Liberal thinkers were outraged by these ideas, roundly condemning Malthus's book for its unfeeling blame of the poor for their own misery.
The attempt to use Malthus's ideas to change the Poor Laws came in 1807, and the controversy was stirred to a fever pitch. Hazlitt, one of a number of liberal critics of Malthus, contributed a series of letters to Cobbett's "Political Register", which were later, with additional material, published as a pamphlet. As one of the first critics of Malthusian theory, Hazlitt was afterward noted to have influenced later Malthusian critics, though he was typically uncredited. Hazlitt, often openly bitter, pursued his own critical attacks in several publications over many years.
By the time he came to compose his account of Malthus for "The Spirit of the Age", Hazlitt had acquired perspective and achieved a more balanced view of his subject. He notes at the outset that "Mr. Malthus ... attained a "scientific" reputation in questions of moral and political philosophy." There is no mistaking what the man stands for: "In weighing his merits we come at once to the question of what he has done or failed to do." We know immediately that we are speaking of his "'Essay on Population' [and its distinct leading proposition" which "has changed the aspect of political economy in a decided and material point of view": the proposition "that 'the population cannot go on perpetually increasing without pressing on the limits of the means of subsistence, and that a check of some kind or other must, sooner or later, be opposed to it.' This is the essence of the doctrine which Mr. Malthus has been the first to bring into general notice, and as we think, to establish beyond the fear of contradiction." 
Hazlitt then lays out several things we should know if we are to accept this proposition. First, the idea was not at all original with Malthus but was conceived, even in many details, "in an obscure and almost forgotten work published about the middle of the last century, entitled "Various Prospects of Mankind, Nature, and Providence", by a Scotch gentleman of the name of Wallace." Advanced almost as a joke, an extreme paradox, according to Hazlitt, "probably written to amuse an idle hour", the idea was taken up by Malthus in 1798, without, Hazlitt regrets, recognizing its flaws, even absurdities.
The "geometrical" and "arithmetical" ratios constitute a fallacy, Hazlitt claims; for agricultural crops, like the human population, would grow geometrically if there were room to contain them. "A grain of corn, for example, will propagate and multiply itself much faster even than the human species." Hazlitt also notes another fallacy, the idea that "the desire to propagate the species" is as fixed and immutable a law as hunger. That control of "the sexual passion" is possible by ""moral restraint"" is finally acknowledged by Malthus himself in later editions of his "Essay", but inconsistently, so we don't know where he stands. Malthus is to be credited for showing that "population is not (as had been sometimes taken for granted) an abstract and unqualified good". Unfortunately, because Malthus never fully allowed that "moral restraint" could have much of an effect, and laid emphasis on the checks to population of "vice and misery", it led many to suppose that all increase of population is an evil, leading only to "a greater quantity of vice and misery".
This emphasis on vice and misery, and the alleged "geometric" nature of human population increase, was brought to bear by Malthus as an alarm raised against all Utopian schemes of human improvement, such as that in "Mr. Godwin's "Enquiry concerning Political Justice"." For, the greater the comfort introduced into the lives of the masses by the advance of "virtue, knowledge, and civilization", the more inexorable will be the action of the "principle of population", "the sooner will be overthrown again, and the more inevitable and fatal will be the catastrophe ... famine, distress, havoc, and dismay ... hatred, violence, war, and bloodshed will be the infallible consequence ..."
"Nothing", Hazlitt asserts, "could be more illogical"; for if, as Godwin and other reformers maintained, man is capable of being "enlightened", and "the general good is to obtain the highest mastery of individual interests, and reason of gross appetite and passions", then by that very fact it is absurd to suppose that men "will show themselves utterly blind to the consequences of their actions, utterly indifferent to their own well-being and that of all succeeding generations, whose fate is placed in their hands. This we conceive to be the boldest paralogism that was ever offered to the world, or palmed upon willing credulity."
On the other hand, at those times when Malthus does allow for "moral restraint" as a population check, and allows that "its influence depends greatly on the state of laws and manners", then ""Utopia" stands where it did, a great way off indeed, but not turned "topsy-turvy" by our magician's wand!" So Malthus either raises an irresponsible alarm, or undercuts his own earlier argument.
Malthus might have created a much better book, suggests Hazlitt, "a great work on the principle of population". But he has weakened its effect, even precipitated dangerous consequences, by being biassed in favour of the affluent establishment and too willing to place upon the poor the burden of solving the entire problem. "It is not our author's wish to recommend any alterations in existing institutions. ... Mr. Malthus's 'gospel is preached to the poor.'" "Our author has ... counteracted many capital errors formerly prevailing as to the universal and indiscriminate encouragement of population under all circumstances ... but he has countenanced opposite errors ... and has left it to future philosophers to follow up the principle, that some check must be provided for the unrestrained progress of population, into a set of wiser and more humane consequences."
Hazlitt, as in many of these sketches anticipating modern journalism by mingling a personal sketch with his discussions of a contemporary's ideas, concludes by stepping back and acknowledging Malthus's "correct and elegant" style. His "tone of controversy mild and gentlemanly; and the care with which he has brought his facts and documents together, deserves the highest praise."
Two centuries later, critic Roy Park noted the significance of Hazlitt's criticism: Hazlitt understood Malthus's weaknesses as those common to many philosophers of the age, a reliance on excessive "abstraction", along with the erroneous belief that, man being inherently selfish, only selfish individual action results in public good.
Mr. Gifford.
William Gifford (1756–1826) was an English satirical poet, translator, literary critic, and editor, most notably of the influential periodical "The Quarterly Review". Notorious for his staunchly conservative political and religious views and for his merciless attacks on writers of liberal political sympathies, Gifford was, as was widely known, hired by Tory government officials for the express purpose of vilifying the characters of authors deemed dangerous by the government. He was known and feared for the brutality of his attacks; even some other politically conservative writers frequently disapproved of the harshness of his methods. Gifford could be equally vicious as a satirical poet and was involved in numerous affrays with other writers, most notably the satirist "Peter Pindar", which led to a physical altercation. Later, Gifford, or critics under his supervision on the "Quarterly Review", subjected the poets Shelley, Keats, and Leigh Hunt to merciless attacks, as well as prose writers, including Hazlitt on several occasions, beginning in 1817, when the "Quarterly" savaged his collection "The Round Table".
The following year, after the second edition of Hazlitt's "Characters of Shakespear's Plays" had just been published, Gifford followed it with a review that resulted in the near drying-up of the sales of that book. This was followed in 1819 by an attack on "Lectures on the English Poets" and finally on Hazlitt's "Political Essays".
Hazlitt had had enough, and, after having responded in vain in some short essays, had published at his own expense an 87-page pamphlet, "A Letter to William Gifford, Esq.", a ferocious attack on the character and methods of Gifford. Though the latter's reviews had already done irreparable damage to Hazlitt's career, Hazlitt's "Letter" was highly appreciated by many of kindred political sympathies, including Leigh Hunt, Byron's friend John Cam Hobhouse, and, most notably, the poet John Keats, who hailed it as "'written in a style of genius'".
By the time Hazlitt penned "The Spirit of the Age" five years later, he had cooled somewhat but still produced a portrait of Gifford that was laced throughout with satire. Hazlitt introduces his characterisation by summing up Gifford's background, position, and skills: "The low-bred, self-taught man, the pedant, and the dependant on the great contribute to form the Editor of the "Quarterly Review". He is admirably qualified for this situation, which he has held for some years, by a happy combination of defects, natural and acquired ... ."
Hazlitt then elaborates on the nature of Gifford's skills as a critic, which amount to practising a very narrow, nitpicking form of criticism. "A person of "mediocre" literary attainments" himself, Gifford "stands over a contemporary performance with all the self-conceit and self-importance of a country schoolmaster, tries it by technical rules, affects not to understand the meaning, examines the hand-writing, the spelling, shrugs up his shoulders and chuckles over a slip of the pen. ... There is nothing liberal, nothing humane in this style of judging; it is altogether petty, captious, and literal." With all this, he is retrograde and "would go back to the standard of opinions, style, the faded ornaments , and insipid formalities that came into fashion about forty years ago." Moreover, Gifford having been "all his life ... a follower ... of wealth and power", his "political subserviency adds the last finishing to his ridiculous pedantry and vanity."
Hazlitt goes on to note his belief that Gifford shows such narrowness in his reviews not simply because he is a political tool, but because he really cannot understand literary originality. "His slow, snail-paced, bed-rid habits of reasoning, cannot keep up with the whirling, eccentric motion, the rapid, perhaps extravagant combinations of modern literature. ... He inclines, by a natural and deliberate bias, to the traditional in laws and government; to the orthodox in religion; to the safe in opinion; to the trite in imagination; to the technical in style; to whatever implies a surrender of individual judgment into the hands of authority, and a subjection of individual feeling to mechanic rules."
These limitations, according to Hazlitt's psychological analysis, caused Gifford himself internal pain—"he is tetchy and impatient of contradiction; sore with wounded pride; angry at obvious faults, more angry at unforeseen beauties"—as well as leading him to inflict undeserved damage on the literary reputations of others of far superior talents. Hazlitt then brings up the case of the then deceased poet John Keats, whom Hazlitt had been among the first to recognize as "a true poet". He quotes extensively from Keats's "The Eve of St. Agnes", after which he offers for comparison some of Gifford's own poetry, "improverished lines" written "in a low, mechanic vein", stating that the reader might easily judge which was superior, and lamenting that it was only for his low birth and his political associations that Keats with "his fine talents and wounded sensibilities" was "hooted out of the world" by Gifford or someone writing under his editorship.
Hazlitt then elaborates on the methods of Gifford's "Quarterly Review", in which he and his "friends systematically explode every principle of liberty, laugh patriotism and public spirit to scorn, resent every pretence to integrity as a piece of singularity or insolence, and strike at the root of all free inquiry or discussion, by running down every writer as a vile scribbler and a bad member of society, who is not a hireling and a slave."
Hazlitt next steps back and sums up Gifford's other skills, as a satirist and as a textual editor of old dramatists. In the latter capacity, Hazlitt notes his one positive accomplishment. While as a satirist he is "violent ... abrupt unmanly" (he had ridiculed a woman whose writing he disliked by pointing to her as hobbling on crutches), "as an editor of old authors, Mr. Gifford is entitled to considerable praise for the pains he has taken in revising the text, and for some improvements he has introduced into it." Even then, however, "he had better have spared the notes, in which, though he has detected the blunders of previous commentators, he has exposed his own narrowness of feeling more." Moreover, "as a critic, he has thrown no light on the character and spirit of his authors."
Hazlitt never mellowed in his attitude toward Gifford as he did toward his "apostate" former friends, but as a result he created a sketch that has come to be recognized as a "masterpiece of invective". Some have thought of Hazlitt as merely "getting even" in this essay. But, increasingly, his treatment of Gifford has come to be seen as understandable as it is accurate, in view of the savage nature of the politically motivated criticism of that age as well as the damage inflicted by Gifford and his cronies on Hazlitt and other liberal-minded literary figures. To the critic Walter Jackson Bate, who named the attack on Gifford in the "Letter to William Gifford" as "one of the half-dozen most sustained pieces of invective in English", the sketch of Gifford in "The Spirit of the Age" is "even more effective".
Mr. Jeffrey.
Francis Jeffrey (1773-1850), later Lord Jeffrey, was a Scottish jurist, Whig politician, literary critic, and editor of and major contributor to the quarterly "Edinburgh Review". Arising from the intellectual ferment in Edinburgh around the turn of the 19th century, the "Edinburgh" was the first periodical of its kind to engage in extensive analysis and broad commentary, in which a "review" was really "an extended article based on a book and frequently departing from it." It featured articles on literature, science, travel, and politics, among other topics.
With a distinct Whig political bias, but also notable for encouraging fair, open discourse, and with a mission of educating the upper and increasingly literate middle classes, the "Edinburgh Review" was the most prestigious and influential periodical of its kind in Europe for more than two decades at the time Hazlitt wrote this sketch. Hazlitt himself had been a proud contributor since 1815, after Jeffrey had been guiding the "Review" for more than a dozen years.
Hazlitt's connexion with Jeffrey was never close, but it played an important role in his career. In 1818, Jeffrey favorably reviewed Hazlitt's book "Characters of Shakespear's Plays". During a visit to Scotland in 1822, Hazlitt met the man. Though the two were never personal friends, Jeffrey, over the years, provided financial assistance in the form of sizable advances for his contributions to the "Review". Hazlitt, on his part, was always grateful for the support.
So closely identified was Jeffrey with the "Edinburgh Review" that Hazlitt begins this sketch without referring to him directly. Instead, he contrasts Jeffrey's periodical with the "Quarterly Review", to the detriment of the latter, continuing a theme from the preceding sketch of Gifford. The "Quarterly", notes Hazlitt, was founded in reaction to the "Edinburgh" and to the latter's "spirit ... of fair and free discussion" in which "every question was tried upon its own ostensible merits, and there was no foul play." Alarmed, Hazlitt asserts sarcastically, at the danger that this free spirit posed to the "Monarchy the Hierarchy", the founders of the "Quarterly" set up a periodical that would "present as one foul blotch of servility, intolerance, falsehood, spite, and ill manners." On the other hand, "The "Edinburgh Review"", Hazlitt continues, "stands upon the ground of opinion; it asserts the supremacy of intellect; the pre-eminence it claims is from an acknowledged superiority of talent and information and literary attainment ...".
Hazlitt then assures his readers that he does "not implicitly bow to the political opinions, nor to the critical decisions of the "Edinburgh Review" ... but ... the talent with which they are supported, and ... the tone of manly explicitness in which they are delivered ... are eminently characteristic of the Spirit of the Age; as it is the express object of the "Quarterly Review" to discountenance and extinguish that spirit".
After praising the "Edinburgh Review"'s general attempts at fairness, Hazlitt begins to note the flaws in its critical tone and method. For instance, in arguing a position, the "Edinburgh" allows too much to the opposite side "from an affectation of magnanimity and candour". At times it displays a "supercilious and "cavalier"" attitude, and has been "guilty of some capital oversights", most notably the failure to recognize the poetic value of Wordsworth and Coleridge's "Lyrical Ballads". Also, in its attempts to be fair to Malthus, it went too far, and ended by "screen his errors." On the other hand, he concedes, it shows "little of the cant of morality" and none of "that of religion".
Finally, Hazlitt focuses on Jeffrey himself. As with his assessment of the "Review", he begins with copious praise, then qualifies it as he goes along. Jeffrey is perfectly suited for his office of editor of this periodical, as a "person in advance of the age, and yet perfectly fitted both from knowledge and habits of mind to put a curb upon its rash and headlong spirit." He is an "acute... and discriminat ... logician" with "the habitual coolness and caution" of the lawyer. "He has great range of knowledge, an incessant activity of mind", with qualities enabling him to take "a comprehensive view of all circumstances of a case." "Mr. Jeffrey is neither a bigot nor an enthusiast. He is not the dupe of the prejudices of others, nor of his own." He is moreover an optimist and "argues well for the future hopes of mankind".
There are, Hazlitt notes, flaws in the man as in the periodical: "A too restless display of talent, a too undisguised statement of all that can be said for and against a question, is perhaps the great fault that is to be attributed to him." Jeffrey also courteously defers too much to his adversaries and neglects the opportunity for passionate support of human rights.
Hazlitt then considers Jeffrey's writing style: "He is a master of the foils. ... His strength consists in great range of knowledge, an equal familiarlty with the principles and details of a subject, and in a glancing brilliancy and rapidity of style." Though other writers attempt to impress "with singularity of combination or tinsel ornaments", Jeffrey, without being a flowery or startlingly innovative writer, is impressive nonetheless with his "constant supply of ingenious solutions and pertinent examples", creating a "novel and sparkling effect".
From Jeffrey's writing style, Hazlitt transitions to the conversational abilities of the man in company (and it is only in "mixed company" that "Mr. Jeffrey shines"). Again, the portrait is mostly positive but with a few faults noted in passing. "Mr. Jeffrey's conversation is equally lively, various and instructive. ... Whether it be politics, or poetry, or science, or anecdote, or wit, or raillery, he takes up his cue without effort" and provides "an uninterrupted flow of cheerfulness and animal spirits" and enormous "fund of information". Yet, again, his fault is that it is all too much: "If he is ever tedious, it is from an excess of liveliness". In addition, he shows too much of the lawyer: "what is said by another, seems to make no impression on him; he is bound to dispute, to answer it, as if he was in Court". Jeffrey also shows a bit too much of what Hazlitt finds typical of the character of Scottish intellectuals; in Scotland, "they criticise every thing, analyse every thing, argue upon every thing, dogmatise upon every thing". This makes Jeffrey "too didactic, too pugnacious, too full of electric shocks, too much like a voltaic battery", and he "reposes too little on his own excellent good sense, his own love of ease, his cordial frankness of temper and unaffected candour."
Hazlitt concludes with warm praise, presenting Jeffrey as "a person that no one knows without esteeming ... He is a Scotchman without one particle of hypocrisy, of cant, of servility, or selfishness in his composition." Jeffrey is a man "of strict integrity ... is firm without violence, friendly without weakness—a critic and even-tempered, a casuist and an honest man—and amidst the toils of his profession and the distractions of the world, retains the gaiety, the unpretending carelessness and simplicity of youth." Again anticipating modern journalistic practise, Hazlitt records the immediate appearance of his subject, "in his person ... slight, with a countenance of much expression, and a voice of great flexibility and acuteness of tone." 
Later critics have judged this sketch of Jeffrey as largely positive—Paulin emphasises that Hazlitt's characterisation of his personality as "electric" and constantly in motion generally signified high praise from Hazlitt, valuing life over mechanism—but also incorporating serious criticism. As Grayling emphasises, Jeffrey, like his "Edinburgh Review", showed the fault of being insufficiently robust in party spirit, always ... straining too far to accommodate both sides".

</doc>
<doc id="36825115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825115" title="Evelyn Sharp">
Evelyn Sharp

Evelyn Sharp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36825124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825124" title="Taxes in middle age (India)">
Taxes in middle age (India)

This page examines the forms of taxation levied in India during the Middle Ages.
Ghari.
Ghari was tax on Houses. It was introduced by Allauddin Khilji.
Charah.
Charah was tax on Grass lands used for grazing of animals.It was also introduced by Allauddin Khilji.
Kharaz.
Kharaz was tax levied on gross production of lands belonged to non - Muslims.
Ushraf.
Ushraf was tax levied on gross production of lands belonged to Muslims.
Zakat.
Zakat was religious tax levied on Muslims. This was kept in the special treasury of Diwan-i-Rasalat headed by Dabir-i-Mulk.
Jizya.
Jizya was tax levied on non Muslims and non followers of Islam.
Khoms.
Khoms was 1/7 of production from mines.
Sharab or Shart.
Sharab or Shart was 1/10 th of crop production levied on farmers to develop and maintain water supply facilities. It was introduced by Firuz Tughlaq.
Tax (Revenue).
In the Vijayanagara Empire, the Government department responsible collecting the land revenue is called as Athanave. The vijaya nagara emeperors collected the taxes based soil fertility of lands. Ta on production is 1/6 of the gross production. It was paid either in the form of crop or Money. Heavy tax tolled on prostitution.
Turkey sultans and guznavids followed the Hanafi School of Muslim Jurisprudence as their money policy. The cost were very low in the time of Ibrahim Lodi. In vijayanagar Empire the cost of goods also low.
Zarib.
Zarib was introduced by Murshid Quli Khan based on the unit " bhiga" It was collected as ¼ th of crop production. It was paid in any form.
Chaut and Sardeshmukhi.
Shivaji was started collected these taxes outside of his territory. Chaut was ¼ of the government revenue paid by Mughal Officers. In addition to this Sardeshmuki was another ten percent tax.

</doc>
<doc id="36825132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825132" title="Mansehra Rock Edicts">
Mansehra Rock Edicts

Mansehra Rock Edicts are fourteen edicts of the Mauryan emperor Ashoka, inscribed on rocks in Mansehra in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. The edicts are cut into three boulders and date back to 3rd century BC and they are written in the ancient Indic script of Gandhara culture, Kharosthi. The edicts mention aspects of Ashoka’s "dharma". The site was submitted for inclusion in the World Heritage Sites and is currently in the tentative list.
Location.
The edicts are inscribed on an outcrop of a small rocky mountain outside the city of Mansehra in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. The site is located near to the Karakoram Highway on the ancient Silk Route. The archeological city of Taxila is located in south and Abbotabad lies very near to the east of the site.
History.
Ashoka was dismayed by the destruction caused by his military during the conquest of Kalingas and in remorse later converted to Buddhism. Following his conversion, Ashoka visited sacred Buddhist locations throughout the Mauryan Empire and erected multiple pillars bearing his inscriptions of a new morality law. Mansehra Rock Edicts are one of the 33 inscriptions of Edicts of Ashoka describing expansion of Buddhism and his Law of Piety or "dharma".
The fourteen edicts contain text in the Kharosthi script which is an ancient script used in the Gandhara. The Kharoṣṭhi script was first deciphered by James Prinsep after which the Edicts of Ashoka in Kharosthi script were translated.
Conservation.
Due to environmental degradation, the rocks are eroding and the script is fading rendering it unreadable. To protect the site, Department of Archeology and Museum, Pakistan provided canopies to cover the rocks and shelter them from weather conditions.
World Heritage Site.
In 2004, the site was submitted for inclusion in the UNESCO World Heritage Sites by Department of Archaeology and Museums, Pakistan. It was submitted in the Cultural criteria ii, iii, and vi. As of 2012, the site is one of the 1542 entries in the tentative list of the heritage sites.

</doc>
<doc id="36825133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825133" title="Bangla (band)">
Bangla (band)

Bangla is a folk-rock band from Bangladesh. Formed by the popular indie musician Arnob, Bangla mainly blends the traditional Bangladeshi folk genres like Baul, Lalon together with western flavours like jazz, blues, rock etc. The band released its first album "Kingkortobbobimurho" in 2002. Over the years, the band has emerged as a prominent music group in the country and became one of the most sought after bands, especially among the urban youth listeners.
Formation.
The formation of the band dates back to the late '90s when Arnob was a student of Visva-Bharati University at Santiniketan. Due to his interest in music, he casually formed a band with his friends in Santineketan in a motive to spread out Bengali folk songs. One day, Anusheh came to visit Shantiniketan, who was a family friend of Arnob. Anusheh, who was well trained on Indian Classical Music, subsequently accepted the invitation of Arnob and became the lead vocalist. On their visit to Lalon's shrine in Kushtia, Arnob and Anusheh met Buno, a close friend of Anusheh and a bassist. The trio performed together at a public concert in Kolkata Book Fair in 1999. Their performance received good feedback from the audience. The same year, Arnob moved to Dhaka. The band was then joined by Kartik, former guitarist of Prachayanat. and Shantanu on drums. Thus they came to be known as the band ""Bangla"". A year later, Nazrul, also an acquaintance of Anusheh, joined as the Dhol player.
Journey.
Bangla first made its formal public appearance in October 1999, in the Nescafe show at the Dhaka Sheraton. Prothom Alo referred their performance as "Jatra Arombho" or the beginning of the journey of this band. Before that, the band also performed in "Art and Music Fest" at Drik Art Gallery, Dhaka. The band later performed in a concert at the Art Institute Dhaka in 2000.
In 2002, the band took part at "The Benson and Hedges Star Search" and Arnob eventually received the Award for Best Instrumentalist for his role as the Esraj player. The same year, Bangla released their debut album "Kingkortobbobimurho" under the label of Ektaar music, featuring several little-known folk songs. The album sold over a hundred thousand copies in the first two weeks of its release.
Bangla released their second album "Protutponnomotitto" in 2006 which was a tribute to Lalon. In 2007, the band performed in a series of concerts in Germany along with the likes of Bono Vox, Bob Geldof, Die Toten Hosen, Youssou N'Dour etc. Bangla was also the main attraction at the Dhaka leg of 2009 Fête de la Musique.

</doc>
<doc id="36825148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825148" title="First Nations and diabetes">
First Nations and diabetes

There are high rates of diabetes in First Nation people compared to the general Canadian population. Statistics from 2011 showed that 17.2% of First Nations people living on reserves had Type 2 Diabetes. 
Contributing factors to the high prevalence of Type 2 Diabetes between First Nation and the general population include a combination of environmental (lifestyle, diet, poverty), and genetic and biological factors (e.g. thrifty genotype hypothesis, thrifty phenotype). To what extent each factor plays a role is not clear.
Diabetes mellitus Type 2.
Rates of obesity and Type 2 Diabetes in First Nation communities were non-existent 20 years ago, but increased steeply. Age-standardized rates of T2D show 17.2% prevalence of Type 2 Diabetes among First Nations individuals living on reserves, compared to 5.0% in the non-Aboriginal population; 
Statistics indicate that the Type 2 Diabetes prevalence rate in First Nations people is 3 to 5 times higher than the general Canadian population. As well as having a higher rate of Type 2 Diabetes than the general population, there are also differences in the disease pattern in First Nations Type 2 Diabetes sufferers compared to the general population, especially in terms of age of onset and gestational diabetes.
Diabetes in youth.
Diabetes in first nations has increasingly become a disease of the younger population, who thus experience a high burden of disease, diabetes-related complications and co-morbidity. To illustrate, in the general population Type 2 Diabetes is an old-age associated disease: New diabetes cases peaked in First Nations people between ages 40–49 compared with a non-First Nations peak of age 70+. 
Gestational diabetes carries risks for both the mother and the baby. It increases the likelihood of the infant developing T2D, and giving birth to high body-weight baby. High body-weight increases risk of the child developing diabetes even if mother does not have it.
Screening programs for First Nations.
The Review of Guidelines for Screening and Treatment affirms the use of fasting plasma glucose test (FPG) or a 2-hour plasma glucose (2hPG) as a screening tool. Due to the higher incidence of diabetes in Aboriginals, more frequent screening is recommended to improve diabetes management and prevention strategies. Instead of a standard screening every third year, aboriginal adults in Canada with a higher risk of developing diabetes are called upon to be screened every one or two years. Even though a range of different screening programs for Aboriginals exist, there is a need for screening programs in partnership with communities.
Current policies for diabetes in First Nations.
The Government of Canada has policies and programs in place aimed at improving the health of Aboriginal people. One such measure was the implementation of the Aboriginal Diabetes Initiative (ADI) in 1999. The ADI has been funded continuously over three phases: Phase 1 (1999–2004); Phase 2 (2005–2010), and; Phase 3 (2011–2015). 
The goal of ADI is to reduce the prevalence of Type 2 Diabetes through health promotion campaigns and initiatives implemented by trained community diabetes workers and health professionals. The ADI has four main components from which the program expects to achieve its objectives. 
The current Phase 3 includes healthy living initiatives for children, youth, parents, and families; diabetes in pre-pregnancy and pregnancy; community-led food security planning; and enhanced training for health professionals on clinical practice guidelines and chronic disease management strategies.

</doc>
<doc id="36825174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825174" title="Hiroyuki Kawazoe">
Hiroyuki Kawazoe

Hiroyuki Kawazoe (born 28 May 1952) is a Japanese modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1976 and 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36825175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825175" title="David H. Rodgers">
David H. Rodgers

David H. "Dave" Rodgers (born August 10, 1923) was Mayor of Spokane, Washington from 1967 until 1978.
Rogers was born in Indiana and attended Purdue University. After serving in World War II as a communications officer, he came to Spokane in 1949. Among many political and community activities, Rodgers was a member of the local YMCA and Boy Scouts boards, along with city and county Republican committees.
Rodgers was appointed to Spokane City Council in 1966 to fill an unexpired term of council Luke Williams. After incumbent mayor Neal Fosseen announced his resignation in 1967, Rodgers declared his candidacy for the position in July of that year. He was elected on November 7, 1967, defeating Ralph Rosenberry, another prominent Spokane citizen, in an election that was described by a local newspaper as having an "unexpected low vote". He was re-elected to another term in 1973 and served as mayor until retiring in 1978. Rodgers is the last Spokane mayor to be re-elected to a second term, as of 2012. After retiring, Rogers, who had formerly worked in the insurance business, served as Washington's Deputy State Insurance Commissioner. One of Rodgers' sons, Brian Rodgers, is married to Cathy McMorris Rodgers, who has served as the United States Representative of Washington's 5th congressional district since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="36825183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825183" title="Joseph Spiess (engineer)">
Joseph Spiess (engineer)

Joseph Spiess (1838 - 1917) was a French engineer who filed a patent for a rigid airship in 1873, the year before Ferdinand von Zeppelin first outlined his own design. However, Spiess's machine was not actually constructed until 1913, and was the first and only French rigid airship.
Joseph Spiess was born on 10 September 1838, the son of a printer, in the city of Mulhouse, Haut-Rhin département, in the Alsace region of France. He served as a warrant officer in the Franco-Prussian War from 1870 to 1871, and when Alsace-Lorraine was annexed by the German Empire, Spiess opted to retain his French nationality.
Shortly before World War I, there was public pressure for France to emulate Germany's airship fleet, and construction of Spiess's airship, with state assistance, was started by Société Zodiac at the Aérodrome de Saint-Cyr-l'École. It had a framework of hollow wooden spars braced with wire, and was given the name "Zodiac XII" but had the name ""SPIESS"" painted along the side of the envelope. It was 113 metres long, with a diameter of 13.5 metres, powered by a single Chenu 200 horse power engine that drove two propellers. It first flew on April 13, 1913, but it became clear that it was underpowered and required more lift, so the envelope was extended to 140 metres to accommodate three more gas cells and a second engine was added. Spiess then presented the airship to the French government as a gift. After further trials it was not accepted by the French military, because their view was that smaller non-rigid types would be more effective. The Spiess airship seems to have been broken-up in 1914.
The first appearance of the Spiess airship over Paris initially caused consternation as it was mistaken for a German Zeppelin; however, when it was found to be a French machine, Spiess became something of a national celebrity and was nominated for Chevalier of the Légion d'Honneur in June 1913. 
Joseph Spiess died on 31 March 1917, and is buried with other family members in the Cimetiere du Pere-Lachaise in Paris; his gravestone has a bronze frieze depicting his airship.

</doc>
<doc id="36825193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825193" title="2012 Venezuela Refinery Explosion">
2012 Venezuela Refinery Explosion

On August 25, 2012, the largest refinery explosion in the history of Venezuela occurred in the city of Caracas, at the Amuay refinery. The explosion resulted in the deaths of 24 persons, and a minimum of 86 more were injured by the blast. The Amuay refinery is the largest in Venezuela and one of the largest in the world. 
The cause of the blast was a gas leak, which led to the build up of a gas cloud, which then ignited. Although workers at the refinery were able to detect the cloud of gas, they were unable to respond before the explosion occurred. Most of the dead were members of the National Guard 
"Major areas were evacuated" surrounding the refinery, as reported by the State Governor Infrastructure damage, fires, and damage to the areas surrounding the refinery were also reported by the Caracas newspaper "El Universal".
An inquiry has been started by the Public Prosecution Ministry into the causes of the explosion, coordinated by the National Prosecutor. An expert team, including a forensic anthropologist, disaster management expert, and two pathologists will be sent to the blast site to perform the investigation.

</doc>
<doc id="36825203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825203" title="Shoji Uchida">
Shoji Uchida

Shoji Uchida (born 25 June 1949) is a Japanese modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1976 and 1984 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36825219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825219" title="List of Telugu films of 2013">
List of Telugu films of 2013

This page provides a list of Telugu-language films produced in the year 2013. It also provides the list of films in other languages that were dubbed in the Telugu language and released in 2013.
Top-rated films.
This list contains movies that have a good rating. They are not in any particular order.

</doc>
<doc id="36825245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825245" title="Chris Cameron">
Chris Cameron

Chris Cameron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36825263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825263" title="Dr. John H. Adair House">
Dr. John H. Adair House

The Dr. John H. Adair House at 322 E. Vine St. in Owatonna, Minnesota, United States, was built in 1913. It was designed by architects Purcell, Feick & Elmslie in Prairie School architecture. It is an American four-square house.
Dr. John H. Adair was introduced to Purcell and Elmslie by Charles Buxton, whose own Purcell and Elmslie-designed house was a few blocks away. The original proposal was for one of their traditional low-slung houses, but Adair found the proposed house to be too expensive. Purcell decided to raise the roof, later saying, "One can always see how I was always yearning for buildings with tall steep roofs and turned to that form whenever the occasion offered." The house has some resemblance to the Edward R. Hills House designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, with three stories, stepped-back hipped roofs, and bedrooms in the attic. The interior features generously-sized rooms with built-in furnishing, art glass, and decorations in Elmslie's diamond motif. The fireplace has a semicircular opening with blue and gold glass mosaic accents, inspired by the National Farmer's Bank of Owatonna nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="36825279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825279" title="A Night At Salle Pleyel">
A Night At Salle Pleyel

A Night At Salle Pleyel is an instrumental studio album by Norwegian singer/songwriter Susanne Sundfør, released in 2011. The vinyl edition was limited to 600 copies and there was no CD release, although it is available on iTunes. It is Sundfør's fourth album release. Sundfør said that she 'wrote most of it in Paris in my hotel room, drunk on wine.' It was composed with a team of keyboardists chosen by Sundfør, consisting of Ådne Meisfjord of 120 Days, Øystein Moen, Morten Qvenild, and Christian Wallumrød. It was recorded by Thomas Hukkelberg.
References.
http://kierontyler.blogspot.no/2011/12/susanne-sundfr-night-at-salle-pleyel.html

</doc>
<doc id="36825285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825285" title="List of Tamil films of 2013">
List of Tamil films of 2013

A list of Tamil language films produced in the Tamil cinema in India that have been or are to be released in 2013.
Highest grossing films.
Overall.
The 10 highest grossing Tamil films of the year according to Sify.com:
Overseas Tamil language films.
Tamil language also produced outside India. Below are the list Tamil language movie produced outside India

</doc>
<doc id="36825293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825293" title="6th Mechanized Infantry Regiment “Saboya”">
6th Mechanized Infantry Regiment “Saboya”

The 6th Mechanized Infantry Regiment “Saboya” (Spanish: Regimiento de Infantería Mecanizada "Saboya" nº 6) is an mechanized infantry unit in the Spanish Army.
It was created as the Tercio of Savoy by Charles I on 1537, and was developed from the former Tercio of Lombardía. In 1707, by Royal Order of His Majesty Philip V of Spain, first king of the House of Bourbon in Spain, changed its name to Regiment of Savoy Nº 3. With its new name participated in the war of the spanish succession with two battalions.
Its first commander was Álvaro de Sande, first Marqués de la Piovera. The patron saint of the regiment was Our Lady of the Rosary.
Coat of Arms.
A white cross in red (gules) field. The shield, surrounded by the order of the Golden Fleece and surmounted by a royal crown. These arms are those of the Duchy of Savoy from which it took its name.
History.
It saw combat in Italy, Flanders and most European campaigns. In 1813 it was moved to America and fought in Mexico and in the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata. During the First Spanish Republic it was renamed 6th Infantry Regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="36825297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825297" title="Western Regional Health Authority">
Western Regional Health Authority

The Western Regional Health Authority is the governing body for healthcare regulation in the southwest region of Manitoba, including the city of Brandon. It was formed in 2012 by the merger of the former Brandon, Assiniboine, and Parkland Regional Health Authorities. 
The region includes the communities of:

</doc>
<doc id="36825306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825306" title="François Mireur">
François Mireur

François Mireur (February 5, 1770 – July 9, 1798) was a French general who is notable for having sung the war song for the Army of the Rhine, "La Marseillaise" in 1792 when he volunteered for the newly created republican army. He later served under Napoleon Bonaparte and was killed in Egypt in 1798.
Biography.
Mireur was born in Escragnolles in 1770, and studied as a medicinal doctor at the Faculty of Medicine in Montpellier. In 1792, he became a doctor, but volunteered for the army shortly afterwards. That year, he sang Rouget de Lisle's war song when he was headed to Marseilles to organize and lead volunteers from nearby towns. The song thus became known as "La Marseillaise", which was adopted as the French national anthem in 1795. During the war, he fought at the Battle of Valmy and later served in the Italian Campaign of Napoleon, twice refusing the rank of general. In 1798, he was promoted to general and served alongside Louis Desaix in the Egyptian Campaign, where he fought the Mamelukes and Ottomans. It was in this war that Mireur met his end. While riding a newly purchased Arabian stallion, after only a short distance, he was ambushed by three Mamelukes, and killed before he could call for help. His name was inscribed on the 28th pillar of the Arc de Triomphe at the top of the south pillar, near the avenue Kleber. He was honored as a national hero because of his role in popularising the "Marseillaise".

</doc>
<doc id="36825307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825307" title="Juvasshytta">
Juvasshytta

Juvasshytta is a mountain tourist station with restaurant and accommodation, located in Jotunheimen, in Lom municipality, Norway.
It is located at an elevation of , and is accessible by road, the highest road in Northern Europe. There is a public bus connection from Lom. Juvasshytta is used as a base station for walks to the summit of Galdhøpiggen, at elevation, the highest mountain in Northern Europe. The area and the road is usually open from May to September, and closed the rest of the year.
Juvasshytta was originally built in 1884. The road was built in 1936.
About from Juvasshytta, there is the Galdhøpiggen Summer Ski Centre, a small ski resort, which is open all summer. It has a height of with a top altitude of . There is one ski lift and two pistes.

</doc>
<doc id="36825321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825321" title="Missa brevis (Haydn)">
Missa brevis (Haydn)

The Missa brevis in F major, Hob. XXII:1, is a mass by Joseph Haydn. According to Dack it is Haydn's "earliest authenticated work." It also represents some of the last of his compositional activity, as in his old age he spent some time attempting to revise it.
Composition.
Dack (2009) suggests that Haydn originally composed the work when he was still a teenaged chorister at St. Stephen's Cathedral, singing under the direction of Georg Reutter. In its original form, the mass was scored for fairly rudimentary forces: two violin parts, continuo, a four-part chorus, and solo parts for two trebles. When the young Haydn, newly unemployed after being dismissed from the choir at St. Stephen's, made a pilgrimage to Mariazell, the "Missa brevis" was one of the works he showed the music director there.
The work is a clear example of the Austrian "missa brevis" form. Redlich writes of "the Austrian type of the Missa Brevis, notorious for the hurried expediency with which large tracts of the text of the Mass are musically disposed of. In the Creed the text from "Patrem omnipotentem" to "Et vitam venturi" is dealt with in no more than twenty-nine bars. This is managed by the simultaneous singing of different sentences—the profession of catholic faith, "Et unam sanctam catholicam ... ecclesiam", tucked away in the contralto." Redlich adds that, like similar instances of the missa brevis, Haydn repeats the music for the Kyrie in the final "Dona nobis pacem" section.
Reception.
The existence of various manuscript sources for the mass from the 18th century indicates that the "Missa brevis" spread by means of hand copying (the usual form of transmission of church music at the time), "leading its own independent life" (Jones).
Rediscovery and revision.
Haydn reencountered his mass in 1805. In the mean time he had experienced an illustrious career, but after about 1802 illness had reduced him to an invalid, unable to compose. The copy of the mass that was brought to his attention was in the Servite monastery in the Viennese suburb of Rossau. Haydn recognized the work as his own and wrote on the organ part, "di me Giuseppe Haydn mpri 1749" ("by me, Joseph Haydn, in my own hand 1749").
Haydn's biographer Albert Christoph Dies recounted the story of how the mass was rediscovered in a chapter of his Haydn biography, based on an interview visit of 21 November 1805:
Because of his illness Haydn was unable to bring to fruition his effort to provide wind parts; however, some other composer, thought to be Joseph Heidenreich, did complete the full set (pairs of flutes, clarinets, bassoons, trumpets, and timpani) for the mass. The revised work went unpublished.
Assessment.
Dack writes, "This early work displays some blemishes of technique that Haydn, swayed by its 'youthful fire,' later ignored."

</doc>
<doc id="36825354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825354" title="2012 GP Ouest-France">
2012 GP Ouest-France

The 2012 GP Ouest-France was the 76th edition of the GP Ouest-France, a single-day cycling race. It was held on 26 August 2012, over a distance of , starting and finishing in Plouay, France. It was the twenty-fourth race of the 2012 UCI World Tour season.
The race was won by 's Edvald Boasson Hagen, after breaking away from the peloton to catch solo leader Rui Costa of the , and accelerated away from him to beat the field by five seconds in Plouay. Costa managed to hold off the rest of the field for second place, while the bunch sprint for third place was taken by 's Heinrich Haussler.
Teams.
As the GP Ouest-France was a UCI World Tour event, all 18 UCI ProTeams were invited automatically and obligated to send a squad. Five other squads were given wildcard places into the race, and as such, formed the event's 23-team peloton.
The 23 teams that competed in the race were:

</doc>
<doc id="36825359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825359" title="Puruchuco">
Puruchuco

Puruchuco is an archaeological site in Peru that was an administrative center of the Inca period (1440–1532), located in the Ate District, in Lima.
History.
The construction of this architectural complex comes from the Inca culture.
Puruchuco is located in the sector Huaquerones, a land of pyramids with ramps that contains one of the largest cemeteries in the Inca culture, have recently been studied by archeology. There are also complex areas as Puruchuca, San Juan de Pariachi and Huaycán. Of these Puruchuco is the smallest. Therefore, while this monument was the palace of a curaca (ruler) where he lived and managed, should be subject to other curacas with greater responsibility and power.
It was excavated by Arturo Jiménez Borja between 1959 and 1961.
Today it has a site museum, which was the first tourist model of this type in South America. The site is located on the Central Highway "km 4.5" Ate District.
The various structures on and around Puruchuco have fallen into disrepair. Most of the locations have been severely vandalized. The sites near Monumental Stadium have been graffitied, while construction companies continue to destroy neumerous other sites in ATE-Vitarte and Túpac Amaru neighborhoods.

</doc>
<doc id="36825363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825363" title="John Hedlund">
John Hedlund

John Hedlund is an American soccer coach who oversees the North Texas Mean Green women’s soccer program. He is a retired defender who played in the Major Indoor Soccer League, USISL, and Continental Indoor Soccer League.
Player.
Youth.
Hedlund graduated from Plano Senior High School. He attended Midwestern State University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1980 to 1981 and again in 1983 and 1984. Hedlund was a 1983 Second Team and a 1984 First Team NAIA All American. In 1983, Midwestern went to the final of the NAIA national men's soccer championship where it finished runner-up to Simon Fraser University. Hedlund was selected as the tournament MVP. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree in criminal justice and was inducted into the Midwestern State Hall of Fame in 1983.
Professional.
After finishing his collegiate career, Hedlund played for the U.S. Olympic soccer team during its preparation for the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was not chosen for the final roster for the Olympic tournament.
In 1986, Hedlund signed with the New York Express of the Major Indoor Soccer League. The Express folded about two-thirds of the way through the season. On March 20, 1987, Hedlund signed as a free agent with the Dallas Sidekicks. He played the last ten games of the 1986–1987 MISL season and continued to play for the Sidekicks into the playoffs. That year, they won the MISL championship, defeating the Tacoma Stars. In November 1987, the Sidekicks released Hedlund. In 1988, Hedlund joined the Richardson Rockets of the Southwest Independent Soccer League. In 1991, the Rockets won the 1991 SISL championship and went to the final of the 1991 U.S. Open Cup, where they fell to the Brooklyn Italians. The Rockets went to the fourth round of the 1992 CONCACAF Champions' Cup, where it fell to Club América. In June 1993, Hedlund left the Rockets, now known as the Dallas Rockets, to sign with the Dallas Sidekicks, who were then playing summer indoor soccer in the Continental Indoor Soccer League. The Sidekicks won the 1993 CISL championship, then fell in the finals of the 1994 championship. Hedlund retired in 1995.
Coach.
In 1990, Hedlund became an assistant coach with the North Texas Mean Green men's soccer team. In 1994, he became head coach, but the university dropped the men's team soon after. The university kept Hedlund on staff to begin a women’s soccer team. In 1995, he became the women's team first head coach.

</doc>
<doc id="36825382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825382" title="Princess Margaret Secondary School (Penticton)">
Princess Margaret Secondary School (Penticton)

Princess Margaret Secondary School (also known as PMSS or "Maggie") is a public secondary school in Penticton, British Columbia, Canada. It is operated by School District 67 Okanagan Skaha. It is one of two secondary schools in Penticton and one of three in the school district. The school is fed from four elementary schools and one middle school. The school includes a significant number of students from the local First Nations Penticton Indian Band and is located within the traditional Okanagan Nation territory. PMSS is named for Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowden, sister of Elizabeth II, Queen of Canada.
Academics.
During 2005-2011 an average of 91% of first time Grade 12 students graduated.
Physical Education.
The following programs are offered through the school's PE department:
History and facilities.
The school officially opened in September 1958 with 200 students enrolled in Grades 8‐10. In 2002 the school was converted to a grade 9-12 secondary school and underwent a $9.4 million renovation that also expanded its capacity from 475 to 650.

</doc>
<doc id="36825385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825385" title="Noche de estrellas">
Noche de estrellas

"Noche de estrellas" is a Spanish-language dance hit by Spanish music producer and DJ Jose de Rico and Dominican-Spanish reggaeton, house, Latin and dance singer Henry Mendez featuring Jay Santos. It follows the success of their joint Spanish hit "Rayos de sol".
"Noche de estrellas" was released in May 2012 on Roster Music and became a hit in Spain reaching #26 in the Spanish Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="36825391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825391" title="Tully Filmus">
Tully Filmus

Tully Filmus was a realist painter. He was born Naftuli (Anatol) Filmus in Ataki, Bessarabia, in 1903. In 1913, his parents Michael and Eva Filmus moved the family to Philadelphia.
From 1924-7, he studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts under Henry McCarter. In 1930, he moved to New York, where he took a job with a small art agency where he became friends with Anton Refregier and Willem de Kooning. In 1936, he joined American artists in contributing painting to Biro-Bidjan Museum in the U.S.S.R. In 1937, he exhibited at the American Artists Congress and joined the faculty of the American Artists School. In 1938, he also joined the faculty of the Cooper Union School of Art. He has exhibited in the Whitney Museum Annual and the American Artists Congress. One of his paintings was acquired by the permanent collection of New York University. Other museums that have shown his work include the Art Institute of Chicago, City Art Museum of St. Louis, the Brooklyn Museum, and the Berkshire Museum.
He and his wife Gladys owned a summer home in Becket, MA, where they became friends with the painter Fay Kleinman. She later invited them to help launch the Becket Arts Center.

</doc>
<doc id="36825394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825394" title="Greg Brooker (music producer)">
Greg Brooker (music producer)

Greg Brooker is a British music producer.
He has worked with indie, metal, rock, punk and electronica artists including: You Love Her Coz She's Dead, Call The Doctor, Akyra, Showing Off To Thieves, Space Fight, Sharp End First, Run From Robots, Electronic Deer, Soundisciples, Tiny Elvis, The Hurt Process.
In 2002 Greg Brooker formed Glasstone Productions Ltd, a music production company based in Bath, UK.
Greg Brooker is the founder of independent record label Glasstone Records.

</doc>
<doc id="36825411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825411" title="Estadio Felipe Martínez Sandoval">
Estadio Felipe Martínez Sandoval

Estadio Felipe Martínez Sandoval was a multi-use stadium in Guadalajara, Mexico. It was initially used as the stadium of CD Oro matches. It was replaced by Estadio Jalisco in 1960. The capacity of the stadium was 10,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="36825421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825421" title="Ekka (carriage)">
Ekka (carriage)

An ekka is a one-horse carriage used in India. "Ekkas" (the word is Hindi in origin) were something like 'traps' (of 'a pony and trap'), and were commonly used as cabs, or private hire vehicles, for example in the works of Rudyard Kipling. An "ekka" is defined by the Kipling Society as "an Indian gig or two-wheeled light carriage with an awning".

</doc>
<doc id="36825442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825442" title="Stephen Latchford">
Stephen Latchford

Stephen Latchford (February 4, 1883 – October 1, 1974) was a United States diplomat, lawyer and one of America's earliest experts in aviation law. A federal government employee, Latchford started as a clerk working in the Panama Canal Zone. For the next forty years, he rose through the ranks of the U.S. Foreign Service to become one of its most senior members. 
During the late 1930s and throughout the 1940s he had a major influence on the role of aviation in America and was a main contributor in the development of international air laws. He served as a government adviser on air law during World War II and played a crucial role in preparation and planning for the Marshall Plan. 
Latchford is best known for being one of the principal aviation experts during the administrations of Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S Truman and for his extensive work in the American Section of the International Technical Committee of Aerial Legal Experts, commonly known as CITEJA (an abbreviation taken from the initials for its French name, "Comité International Technique d'Experts Juridiques Aérien".)
Childhood and early life.
Stephen Latchford was born on February 4, 1883 to George G. Latchford, a B&O Railroad operator in Annapolis Junction, Maryland, and his wife, Miranda. He received his early education at public schools in Annapolis Junction, but never attended high school. As a young teenager, he left home and went to Washington, D.C. to find work. 
His first job was at a tobacco store close to the Capitol Building, where he earned $4 a week. During his early years in D.C., he lived with other young boys at the Maulsby Working Boy's Home, a loose combination of a foster/children's home. Latchford became a member of the Home's debating team, the Working Boys Literary and Debating Club.
At age 18, he learned to use a typewriter and started working as a clerk in commercial houses. In March 1901, his father died while visiting in Washington. 
Latchford then worked as a typewriter and stenographer in law offices from 1904 to 1905. He also attended a business college in Washington.
Panama Canal work.
In 1905 Latchford took the civil service examination and after passing it applied for a job at the Isthmian Canal Commission which he obtained.
An article published in the Washington Post on September 23, 1906, quotes the superintendent of the Working Boys Home, Mrs. Stuart, as she describes the day that became a turning point in the young man's life:
"One of the boys we are most proud of is Stephen Latchford, a boy who was earning $4 a week when he came to the home. He studies at night, and after some time he took the civil service examination. One day a cablegram came to the home, and I smiled over the mistake, knowing that someone else of his name was intended. Nevertheless, so long as it did bear his name, I sent it around to his place of work for him to see. At night he came swinging up the steps, and I asked him if it wasn't curious that a cablegram to someone having his very name had been sent to him; but he laughed excitedly and told me that it was for him - that it was an appointment to a government clerkship at Panama at $1,500 a year. And that is where my dear boy is this minute, doing better every day."
For the next six years (1905-1911), Latchford worked as a clerk in the Panama Canal Zone.
Early State Department career.
Upon returning to the United States in 1911, Latchford transferred on August 19, 1911 to the U.S. State Department's Diplomatic Bureau. He later moved to the Division of Latin-American Affairs as it expanded and performed clerical tasks on diplomatic and consular correspondence on matters relating to Mexico, Central America, Panama, South America, and the West Indies.
By 1915, he was working at the Division of Mexican Affairs as a clerk, where he was promoted as a clerk to 'Class One'; in 1916, to 'Class Two'; and in 1918, to "Class Three'.
State Department lawyer.
Determined to expand his educational boundaries and to support his small family, Latchford decided to attend university and study law. He took a course in commercial law from the International Correspondence Schools of Scranton, Pennsylvania. Soon afterwards, he applied to the Washington College of Law. He was initially rejected as he had not completed high school. He then studied at night and in his free time and, after passing the equivalency test, was accepted as a student.
He received his Bachelors in Law degree (LL.B.) from the Washington College of Law in 1920 and was admitted to the Bar of the District of Columbia in October of that year. In 1921, also from the Washington College of Law, he received his Master in Law degree (LL.M.).
Latchford moved to the Office of the Solicitor and began a quick rise through its ranks. On November 1, 1923 he was promoted to an Assistant Solicitor and six months later, on July 1, 1924, became a member of the State Department's Scientific and Professional Service. On February 1, 1926, he was named 'Assistant to the Solicitor' and held the title for the next two years.
Aviation expert and the CITEJA.
Latchford continued to rise systematically through the State Department ranks. On October 1, 1928, he was promoted to Grade Four (Full Professional). On February 1, 1929, he was promoted again to a 'Technical Assistant', specializing in legal affairs and on June 1 of that same year, moved to the Department's 'Treaty Division'. Consequently, he became a Grade Five professional (Senior Professional). On November 28, 1934, he was named 'Divisional Assistant', receiving a professional rank of Grade Six (Principal Professional). By that time, Latchford's law ambitions began turning towards a different, more esoteric field still early in its development: aviation law.
By the late 1920s, as aviation expanded and special laws became necessary for its growth and development, the International Technical Committee of Aerial Legal Experts (CITEJA) was founded in Paris in 1926 by a resolution adopted at the First International Conference of Private Air Law and was tasked with the establishment of an organized and uniform set of laws that would later be the basis of air laws worldwide. 
Initially, the United States began sending only unofficial advisers to CITEJA meetings, and therefore lacked a great deal of influence in the committee’s affairs. For a long period, CITEJA was the only aviation committee where the United States was even represented. 
However, by the mid-1930s, and specifically in 1934, the United States government took on a more active role in dealing with the CITEJA. With Latchford's appointment as a member of the American Section at the CITEJA, things began to change. Having an experienced State Department diplomat and legal expert to help manage the American mission at the CITEJA, the U.S. adopted an ever greater role in global aviation conferences and affairs in the years leading up to the Second World War. It was under Latchford’s leadership that air laws in America were shaped. Being one of the first American government officials to be directly involved in the CITEJA and its efforts towards the unification of international air law, he would later be regarded as one of America’s earliest experts of aviation law.
Latchford was also a member of the State Department's Committee on International Civil Aviation from 1935 to 1938. During the time, he also served as Assistant Executive Secretary at the Interdepartmental Committee on International Civil Aviation. Over the years, he worked with airline entrepreneur Juan Trippe, President and Founder of Pan American Airways, as the two collaborated to develop and create a code of practical and viable air laws. Latchford was instrumental to the State Department efforts that propelled Pan American to become one of the world's most prominent airlines of the twentieth century.
Latchford began attending international meetings of the CITEJA and led a number of U.S. delegations to the CITEJA himself. He served as chairman of U.S. delegations to CITEJA sessions held in the Hague, Netherlands in 1935; Paris, France in 1936; Bern, Switzerland in 1936; Bucharest, Romania in 1937; Paris in 1937; and Brussels, Belgium in 1938. In June 1937, he was detailed to Dublin, Ireland to complete a series of negotiations for an air navigation agreement between the United States and Ireland. He also served as a U.S. representative at the United States-Canada Aviation Conference held at Washington, D.C. in 1938 and again in Ottawa in 1939.
President Roosevelt, in March 1938, appointed Latchford the State Department’s "Expert on Air Laws" and promoted him to Chairman of the American Section at the International Technical Committee of Aerial Legal Experts. Latchford remained in his capacity as Chairman of the American Section throughout CITEJA’s existence; representing the United States for nearly a decade until CITEJA's dismantlement in the late 1940s. 
On August 19, 1938, Latchford was named the Chief of the State Department's Aviation Section. As his authority grew at the State Department, he did not personally attend all of CITEJA's session, but whenever he did, he did so as chairman of the United States' delegation.
Latchford developed extensive knowledge in maritime law as it overlapped in many aspects with aviation law and in recognition for his accomplishments, President Roosevelt named him Vice Chairman of the American Delegation to the 4th International Conference on Private Air Law held at Brussels, Belgium in 1938. The conference was the last of the international conference on private air law before the outbreak of WWII and afterwards and produced a number of resolutions that ultimately led to the unification of both aviation and maritime laws on key issues. 
On January 21, 1936, Latchford addressed the Federal Bar Association at the University Club in Washington, giving a speech entitled "Codification of Private International Air Law".
Late career and retirement.
Latchford served once as President of the Panama Canal Society of Washington. He worked on the Marshall Plan, acting as a legal adviser.
The arrival of World War II marked a new chapter in aviation. Aviation exploded at an unimaginable rate and its experts faced an unprecedented test. It was the first time that aviation played a major role in the war's proceedings. As an aviation expert, Latchford worked closely with Secretary Cordell Hull, as his legal advisor on matter relating to aviation. On March 18, 1943, with the war raging on, Latchford's authority at the State Department amplified as he was promoted to Grade 7 as a Head Professional and named ‘Advisor of Air Law'. He also took part in the Permanent American Aeronautical Commission meeting as a member in the United States Commission in 1944.
At the historic 1944 Chicago Convention, in which 52 states and 190 parties took part in and which shaped the role of aviation worldwide, Latchford served as an adviser to the United States delegation. He was the mastermind behind the first draft on the convention on international civil aviation that was adopted by the Chicago Conference. Among the conference’s most significant outcomes was the formation of the Provisional International Civil Aviation Organization (PICAO). The Chicago Convention furthermore led to the establishment of what would become the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), a specialized agency of the United Nations that exists to this day.
On November 8, 1946, Latchford became the State Department’s ‘Aviation Advisor'. He was crucial in the creation of a single air law and his contributions to the field of aviation laws through his work with the CITEJA, the Provisional International Civil Aviation Committee (PICAO), State Department aviation committees, the International Conferences on Private Air Law, and other organizations and agencies during the period preceding the Second World War were enormous.
Although the work of the CITEJA was generally limited during the war, a few conferences did take place with the support of the French government. Latchford was by then functioning as a legal advisor to newly appointed Secretary George Marshall and assisted in the launching of the Marshall Plan. He, in particular, worked the legal angle, thus allowing for the shipment of American aid to devastated European nations after the defeat of Germany in 1945. 
Soon after the end of the Second World War in 1946, members of the CITEJA convened in Paris to discuss the effect of the war and its predicaments and the future of the organization. Latchford personally traveled to Paris to head the U.S. delegation to the meeting, the first time since he had been appointed Chairman of the CITEJA’s American Section. During the war, he had remained in Washington, leading American involvement in CITEJA “behind the scenes”. 
Nonetheless, for the most part of CITEJA’s existence, the American Section was usually headed by Latchford.
On July 30, 1948, Latchford retired at the age of 65 after working nearly four decades at the State Department.
Late life and death.
Latchford's health began worsening in late 1974 and was finally placed under the care of a nursery home. On October 1, 1974, Latchford died at the age of 91. He is buried at Mount Olivet Cemetery in Washington beside his daughter and wife.
Personal life.
Latchford married Marie Leola Spalding, the daughter of Basil William Spalding, a Confederate Civil War hero from Southern Maryland. Together the couple had five children.

</doc>
<doc id="36825449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825449" title="Svetlana Saenko">
Svetlana Saenko

Svetlana Saenko is a Ukrainian born wrestler who represented Moldova at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Saenko was born on 27 October 1982 in Sumy, Ukraine. She competed for Ukraine at the 2004 Summer Olympics. At the 2012 Summer Olympics held in London, United Kingdom, she competed in the women's freestyle 72 kg event where she reached the quarterfinals before being defeated by China's Wang Jiao.

</doc>
<doc id="36825474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825474" title="Campo del Patronato Obrero">
Campo del Patronato Obrero

Campo del Patronato Obrero was a multi-use stadium in Seville, Spain. It was initially used as the stadium of Real Betis. It was replaced by Estadio Benito Villamarín in 1927. The capacity of the stadium was 19,000 spectators. 
External Links.
Featured on Estadios de Espana 

</doc>
<doc id="36825483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825483" title="Estadio de la Victoria">
Estadio de la Victoria

Estadio de la Victoria was a multi-use stadium in Jaen, Spain. It was initially used as the stadium of Real Jaén. It was replaced by Nuevo Estadio de La Victoria in 2001. The capacity of the stadium was 11,500 spectators. 
External Links.
Estadios de España 

</doc>
<doc id="36825489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825489" title="Cynthia Vescan">
Cynthia Vescan

Cynthia Vescan (born 7 February 1992) is a French female wrestler.
Vescan was born on 7 February 1992 in Strasbourg, France. At the 2012 Summer Olympics held in London, United Kingdom, she competed in the women's freestyle 72 kg event where she lost her first bout in the round of 16 against Moldova's Svetlana Saenko.

</doc>
<doc id="36825493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825493" title="Chief Mog">
Chief Mog

Chief Mog (1663-1724) was an Abenaki Native American war chief who fought the British in North America during the early 18th century.
Biography.
Chief Mog was the son of Chief Mog, the chief of the Abenaki, who was killed in 1677. Mog fought in King William's War and Queen Anne's War as an ally of New France, returning British scalps to Quebec in exchange for payment. After the Treaty of Utrecht, Chief Mog was forced to capitulate, giving the British free passage through their territory. Peace was ended in 1722 when a few Abenaki males attacked Massachusetts, and the Colony of Massachusetts declared war on the Abenaki. Alongside Father Sebastien Rale and Chief Bomoseen, he was killed in the Battle of Norridgewock, shot by a Mohawk soldier allied to the British after failing to kill his son with a musket.

</doc>
<doc id="36825498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825498" title="Ellenvatn">
Ellenvatn

Ellenvatn or Ellenvatnet () is a lake located Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The lake has an area of .
The lake is located within Øvre Pasvik National Park, just northwest of the lake Ødevatnet. Ellenvatn is the park's largest lake, located centrally in the park and is drained from the north through the river Ellenelva. Ellenvatnet is shallow and has a long and crooked shoreline with a large number of small islands. It has two enclosed bays to the south, Parvatn and Skinnposevatn. From Parvatnet a short river leads up to Grenseparvatnet (Kertusjärvi) at the border with Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="36825505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825505" title="Henry Du Boulay">
Henry Du Boulay

The Ven. Henry Houssemayne Du Boulay , MA was an Anglican priest: the Archdeacon of Bodmin from 1892 to 1923.
He was born in Lawhitton the son of The Rev Francis Du Boulay, Rector of the parish, on 25 January 1840; and educated at Harrow and Exeter College, Oxford. He was ordained in 1865 and began his career as Domestic Chaplain and Secretary to the Bishop of Exeter. After this he was Rural Dean of Kerrier and then Vicar of Newlyn.
He died on 6 April 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="36825512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825512" title="Estádio da Rua Campos Sales">
Estádio da Rua Campos Sales

Estádio da Rua Campos Sales was a multi-use stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It was initially used as the stadium of America Football Club matches. It was replaced by Estádio Giulite Coutinho in 1961. The capacity of the stadium was 25,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="36825527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825527" title="The Butler">
The Butler

The Butler (full title "Lee Daniels' The Butler") is a 2013 American historical drama film directed and produced by Lee Daniels and written by Danny Strong. Loosely based on the real life of Eugene Allen, the film stars Forest Whitaker as Cecil Gaines, an African-American who eyewitnesses notable events of the 20th century during his 34-year tenure serving as a White House butler. It was the last film produced by Laura Ziskin, who died in 2011.
The film was theatrically released by The Weinstein Company on August 16, 2013, to mostly positive reviews and grossing over $167 million worldwide against a budget of $30 million.
Plot.
The film begins in 2009, as an elderly Cecil Gaines recounts his life story, while waiting at the White House to meet the newly inaugurated President. Gaines was raised on a cotton plantation in 1926 Macon, Georgia, by his sharecropping parents. One day, the farm's owner, Thomas Westfall, rapes Cecil's mother, Hattie Pearl. Cecil's father confronts Westfall, and is shot dead. Cecil is taken in by Annabeth Westfall, the estate's caretaker, and trains Cecil as a house servant.
In his teens, he leaves the plantation and his mother, who has been mute since the incident. One night, Cecil breaks into a hotel pastry shop and is, unexpectedly, hired. He learns advanced skills from the master servant, Maynard, who, after several years, recommends Cecil for a position in a Washington D.C. hotel. While working at the D.C. hotel, Cecil meets and marries Gloria, and the couple have two children: Louis and Charlie. In 1957, Cecil is hired by the White House during Dwight D. Eisenhower's administration. White House maître d' Freddie Fallows shows Cecil around, introducing him to head butler Carter Wilson and co-worker James Holloway. At the White House, Cecil witnesses Eisenhower's reluctance to use troops to enforce school desegregation in the South, then the President's resolve to uphold the law by racially integrating Little Rock Central High School in Arkansas.
The Gaines family celebrates Cecil's new occupation with their closest friends and neighbors, Howard and Gina. Louis, the elder son, becomes a first generation university student at Fisk University in Tennessee, although Cecil feels that the South is too volatile; he wanted Louis to enroll at Howard University instead. Louis joins a student program led by Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) activist James Lawson, which leads to a nonviolent sit-in at a segregated diner, where he is arrested. Furious, Cecil confronts Louis for disobeying him. Gloria, suffering from her husband's long working hours, descends into alcoholism and comes close to having an affair with the Gaines's neighbor, Howard.
In 1961, after John F. Kennedy's election, Louis and a dozen others are attacked by the Ku Klux Klan while traveling on a bus in Alabama. Louis is shown participating in the 1963 Birmingham Children's Crusade, where dogs and water cannons were used to stop the marchers, one of the movement's actions which inspired Kennedy to deliver a national address proposing the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Several months after the speech, Kennedy is assassinated. His successor, Lyndon B. Johnson, enacts the transformative legislation into law. As a goodwill gesture, Jackie Kennedy gives Cecil one of the former president's neckties before she leaves the White House.
Louis is later shown participating in the 1965 Selma Voting Rights Movement, which inspired President Johnson to demand that Congress enact the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965.
In the late 1960s, after civil rights activist Martin Luther King, Jr.'s assassination, Louis visits and tells his family that he has joined the radical organization called the Black Panthers. Upset at his son's actions, Cecil orders Louis and his girlfriend, Carol, to leave his house. Louis is soon arrested and is bailed out by Carter Wilson. Cecil becomes aware of Richard Nixon's plans to suppress the movement.
The Gaines' other son, Charlie, confides to Louis that he plans to join the Army in the war in Vietnam. Louis announces that he won't attend Charlie's funeral if he is killed there. A few months later, Charlie is killed and buried at Arlington National Cemetery. Louis does not attend, and his father is furious. However, when the Black Panthers resort to violence in response to racial confrontations, Louis leaves the organization and returns to college, earning his master's degree in political science and eventually running for a seat in Congress.
Meanwhile, Cecil confronts his supervisor at the White House over the unequal pay and career advancement provided the black White House staff. With Ronald Reagan's support he prevails, and his professional reputation grows to the point that he and his wife are invited by President and Nancy Reagan to be guests at a state dinner. Yet at the dinner and afterwards, Cecil becomes increasingly uncomfortable with the class divisions in the White House. Finally, after witnessing Reagan's refusal to support economic sanctions against South Africa, he resigns. Cecil has a flashback of his life and later he and Gloria visit the plantation where he was raised which by then had long been abandoned. 
Gloria, wanting Cecil to mend his estranged relationship with Louis, reveals to him that Louis has told her that he loves and respects them both. Realizing his son's actions are heroic, Cecil joins Louis at a Free South Africa Movement protest against South African apartheid, and they are arrested and jailed together. 
The film then advances to Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign. The elderly Gloria dies shortly before Obama is elected as the nation's first African-American president, a milestone which leaves Cecil and Louis in awe. The film ends with Cecil preparing to meet the newly inaugurated President at the White House.
Cast.
Presidents Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Barack Obama and civil rights leader Jesse Jackson are depicted in archival footage.
Melissa Leo and Orlando Eric Street were cast as First Lady Mamie Eisenhower and Barack Obama, respectively, but did not appear in the finished film.
Production.
Development.
Danny Strong's screenplay is inspired by a "The Washington Post" article ""A Butler Well Served by This Election"". The project received initial backing in early 2011, when producers Laura Ziskin and Pam Williams approached Sheila Johnson for help in financing the film. After reading Danny Strong's screenplay, Johnson pitched in her own $2.7 million before getting in several African-American investors. However, Ziskin died from cancer in June 2011. This left director Daniels and producing partner Hilary Shor to look for further producers on their own. They started with Cassian Elwes, with whom they were working on "The Paperboy". Elwes joined the list of producers, and started raising funding for the film. In spring 2012, Icon U.K., a British financing and production company, added a $6 million guarantee against foreign pre-sales. Finally the film raised its needed $30 million budget through 41 producers and executive producers, including Earl W. Stafford, Harry I. Martin Jr., Brett Johnson, Michael Finley, and Buddy Patrick. Thereafter, as film production started Weinstein Co. picked up U.S. distribution rights for the film. David Glasser, Weinstein Co. COO, called fund raising as an independent film, "a story that's a movie within itself."
The Weinstein Company acquired the distribution rights for the film after Columbia Pictures put the film in turnaround.
The film's title was up for a possible rename due to a Motion Picture Association of America claim from Warner Bros., which had inherited from the defunct Lubin Company a now-lost 1916 silent short film with the same name. The case was subsequently resolved with the MPAA granting the Weinstein Company permission to add Daniels' name in front of the title, under the condition that his name was "75% the size of "The Butler". On July 23, 2013, the distributor unveiled a revised poster, displaying the title as "Lee Daniels' The Butler".
Filming.
Principal photography started in 2012 in New Orleans. Production was originally scheduled to wrap in early August 2012 but was delayed by the impact of Hurricane Isaac.
Reception.
Box office performance.
In its opening weekend, the film debuted in first place with $24.6 million. The film topped the North American box office in its first three consecutive weeks. The film has grossed $116.6 million in Canada and the United States, it earned $51.1 million elsewhere, for a total of $167.7 million.
Critical response.
"The Butler" received mostly positive reviews from critics, with a 73% rating on the film critic aggregate site Rotten Tomatoes, based on 164 reviews. The site's consensus says, "Gut-wrenching and emotionally affecting, "Lee Daniels' The Butler" overcomes an uneven narrative thanks to strong performances from an all-star cast." Another review aggregator, Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 top reviews from mainstream critics, calculated a score of 66 based on 47 reviews, indicating "generally positive reviews".
Todd McCarthy praised the film saying, "Even with all contrivances and obvious point-making and familiar historical signposting, Daniels' "The Butler" is always engaging, often entertaining and certainly never dull." Richard Roeper lauded the film's casting in particular, remarking that "Forest Whitaker gives the performance of his career". "Rolling Stone" also spoke highly of Whitaker writing that his "reflective, powerfully understated performance...fills this flawed film with potency and purpose." "Variety" wrote that "Daniels develops a strong sense of the inner complexities and contradictions of the civil-rights landscape." "USA Today" gave the film three out of four stars and noted that "It's inspiring and filled with fine performances, but the insistently swelling musical score and melodramatic moments seem calculated and undercut a powerful story." Miles Davis of the New York Tribune gave the film a negative review, claiming the film to be "Oscar bait", a cliche film designed to attract Oscar nominations.
Kenneth Turan of the "Los Angeles Times" was more negative; "An ambitious and overdue attempt to create a Hollywood-style epic around the experience of black Americans in general and the civil rights movement in particular, it undercuts itself by hitting its points squarely on the nose with a 9-pound hammer." Several critics compared the film's historical anecdotes and sentimentality to "Forrest Gump".
President Barack Obama said, "I teared up thinking about not just the butlers who worked here in the White House, but an entire generation of people who were talented and skilled. But because of Jim Crow and because of discrimination, there was only so far they could go."
Departures from the facts of Allen's life.
Regarding historical accuracy, Eliana Dockterman wrote in "Time": "Allen was born on a Virginia plantation in 1919, not in Georgia... In the movie, Cecil Gaines grows up on a cotton field in Macon, Ga., where his family comes into conflict with the white farmers for whom they work. What befalls his parents on the cotton field was added for dramatic effect... Though tension between father and son over civil rights issues fuels most of the drama in the film, Allen's son Charles Allen was not the radical political activist that Gaines's son is in the movie."
Particular criticism has been directed at the film's accuracy in portraying President Ronald Reagan. While actor Alan Rickman's performance generated positive reviews, the screenwriters of the film have been criticized for depicting Reagan as indifferent to civil rights and his reluctance to associate with the White House's black employees during his presidency. According to Michael Reagan, the former president's son, "The real story of the White House butler doesn't imply racism at all. It's simply Hollywood liberals wanting to believe something about my father that was never there." Paul Kengor, one of President Reagan's biographers, also attacked the film, saying, "I've talked to many White House staff, cooks, housekeepers, doctors, and Secret Service over the years. They are universal in their love of Ronald Reagan." In regard to the president's initial opposition to sanctions against apartheid in South Africa, Kengor said, “Ronald Reagan was appalled by apartheid, but also wanted to ensure that if the apartheid regime collapsed in South Africa that it wasn't replaced by a Marxist-totalitarian regime allied with Moscow and Cuba that would take the South African people down the same road as Ethiopia, Mozambique, and, yes, Cuba. In the immediate years before Reagan became president, 11 countries from the Third World, from Asia to Africa to Latin America, went Communist. It was devastating. If the film refuses to deal with this issue with the necessary balance, it shouldn't deal with it at all."
Conservative political commentator Ben Shapiro wrote: "There is no question that the film itself is full of historical inaccuracies. "The Butler" has virtually nothing in common with its source material, the life of White House butler Gene Allen, except for the fact that the main character of the film and Allen were both black butlers in the White House. The film's title character, Cecil Gaines, sees his father murdered and his mother raped by a white landowner; that never happened to Allen. The movie's title character has two children, one who goes to the Vietnam War, the other who becomes a Civil Rights pioneer; Allen actually had only one son."

</doc>
<doc id="36825532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825532" title="Estádio Luís Pereira">
Estádio Luís Pereira

Estádio Luís Pereira was a multi-use stadium in Ribeirão Preto, Brazil. It was initially used as the stadium of Botafogo Futebol Clube matches. It was replaced by Estádio Santa Cruz in 1967. The capacity of the stadium was 15,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="36825533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825533" title="Kateryna Burmistrova">
Kateryna Burmistrova

Kateryna Burmistrova (, sometimes written as Burmystrova, born 20 November 1979) is a Ukrainian female wrestler.
Burmistrova was born on 20 November 1979 in Sumy, Ukraine. At the 2012 Summer Olympics held in London, United Kingdom, she competed in the women's freestyle 72 kg event where she lost her first bout, in the round of 16, against Russia's Natalia Vorobieva. 

</doc>
<doc id="36825540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825540" title="Decatur Public Schools">
Decatur Public Schools

Decatur Public Schools is a public school district in Van Buren County in the U.S. state of Michigan, based in Decatur, Michigan.
Schools.
The Decatur Public Schools School District has one elementary school, one middle school, and one high school. 

</doc>
<doc id="36825543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825543" title="Robert Howson Pickard">
Robert Howson Pickard

Sir Robert Howson Pickard FRS (27 September 1874 – 18 October 1949) was a chemist who did pioneering work in stereochemistry and also for the cotton industry in Lancashire. He was also involved in educational administration and was Vice Chancellor of the University of London from 1937-1939.
Early Life.
He was born in Balsall Heath, Birmingham, Warwickshire, (now the West Midlands), England, the son of Joseph Henry Pickard, a tool maker, and Alice his wife, the daughter of Robert Howson of Birmingham. From 1883-1891 he attended King Edward VI's Grammar School. In 1891 he studied chemistry at Mason College, Birmingham (later part of the University of Birmingham), under Percy F. Frankland and obtained a first class BSc, then awarded by the University of London. In 1896 he attended the University of Munich as an 1851 Exhibitioner being awarded a PhD "summa cum laude" in 1898.
Career.
After a year in Birmingham doing chemical research, he was appointed head of the chemistry at Blackburn Technical School in Blackburn, Lancashire and was principal from 1908-1920. Whilst at Blackburn was involved in publication of 35 papers in the Journal of the Chemical Society. He did original work on chemical structure and optical isomerism and as a result became a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 1917. He was also consulted by the cotton industry and later became director of the British Cotton Industry Research Association (then the Shirley Institute) in Manchester from 1927-1943 and expanded the technical facilities extensively in 1936.
He had considerable organisational skills and was active in several scientific organisations including the Royal Society (council); Society of Chemical Industry (president 1932-33); the Royal Institute of Chemistry (now the Royal Society of Chemistry) (president 1936-1939); the Chemical Society (vice-president); the now defunct Chemical Council (chairman) and various positions over a long period with the University of London including Vice-Chancellor 1937-1939.
Personal life.
He married Ethel Marian Wood in 1901 (d.1944). They had a daughter, who predeceased him, and a son. He died at his son's home in Headley, Surrey.

</doc>
<doc id="36825550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825550" title="Underpass Park">
Underpass Park

Underpass Park is a new public space located beneath the overpasses of Adelaide Street, Eastern Avenue, and Richmond Street in the West Don Lands neighbourhood of Toronto. The first phase of the development features a playground, basketball courts and skate park, and was officially opened by Toronto Mayor Rob Ford on August 2, 2012. The park is an initiative of Waterfront Toronto, and is the 18th public space that the group has built or revitalized since 2005 in the Toronto waterfront district. The initial phase of Underpass Park cost approximately $6 million, paid for mostly by Government of Canada. A second phase, projected to cost $3.5 million, is planned to open in the spring of 2013. 

</doc>
<doc id="36825552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825552" title="Royal Montserrat Defence Force">
Royal Montserrat Defence Force

The Royal Montserrat Defence Force is the home defence unit of the British Overseas Territory of Montserrat. Raised in 1899, the unit is today a reduced force of about twenty volunteer soldiers, primarily concerned with ceremonial duties. The unit has a historical association with the Irish Guards.

</doc>
<doc id="36825559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825559" title="Salford Music Festival">
Salford Music Festival

The Salford Music Festival is an annual festival held each September primarily to promote local artists although artists of all genres from other parts of Britain also perform. It is a not for profit group run by volunteers.
History.
The idea for the festival followed an exhibition organised by Salford Museum and Art Gallery celebrating the history of popular music in Salford entitled Quiffs Riffs and Tiffs which featured notable musicians from Salford: The Hollies to Joy Division to the Ting Tings, many of whom are credited as being from the neighbouring city of Manchester.
The first year was 2010 and about 60 artists and bands performed in 6 venues and was headlined by Salford's Mark E Smith and The Fall. 
In 2011, the festival grew to 120 bands and 15 DJ's and featured Molotov Jukebox fronted by Harry Potter star Natalia Tena. The main stage event had 4 rooms within the Willows, then home to Salford Rugby League Football Club. Three of the rooms were named after icons of music, two of whom came from Salford: Anthony H Wilson and Bryan Glancy while another paid tribute to John Peel.
In 2012, has over 200 bands playing in 18 venues all within the City of Salford. The Fall performed 3 times. The main stage was The Lowry in Salford Quays adjacent to what is now called MediaCityUK to where the BBC recently located. An exhibition of photography of the 2012 Festival "Salford Music Yerrrr!" was held at the Salford Museum and Art Gallery in the Blue Stairs Gallery from August to October 2013. The exhibition was opened by the celebrated Salford artist Harold Riley
In 2013, the number of artists/bands increased to nearly 300 in 25 venues/27 stages. Opening headliner was Ren Harvieu 
The 2014 festival will run from 25 to 28 September 2014
Most of the events are free and held in pubs and churches across the city conurbation.
In 2013 the festival organisers formed the Salford Music Foundation which is registered as a Nonprofit organization

</doc>
<doc id="36825561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36825561" title="Cymindis emetzi">
Cymindis emetzi

Cymindis emetzi is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae. It was described by Mikhailov in 1997.

</doc>
