<doc id="36765541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765541" title="Glasson railway station">
Glasson railway station

Glasson railway station was a railway station in Glasson, Cumbria; the last station before the terminus on the Port Carlisle Railway branch, serving the small village of that name. Nothing now remains of the station.
History.
A port was built in 1819 at Port Carlisle and in 1821, the eleven and a half mile long Carlisle Navigation Canal. was built to take goods to Carlisle. The canal was closed in 1853 and the canal basin at Carlisle and parts of the canal were filled in by the Port Carlisle Railway Company who constructed a railway that started passenger services in 1854, discontinuing them two years later when the Carlisle & Silloth Bay Railway & Dock Company's (C&SBRDC) new railway to Silloth opened, utilising the Port Carlisle Branch as far as Drumburgh. A brief resurgence of business at Port Carisle had taken place upon the opening of the railway, taken away however by the new port at Silloth and the transfer of the steamer service to Liverpool.
To reduce costs a horse-drawn service was provided in 1856 between Drumburgh, Glasson, and Port Carlisle for a number of years. The horse-drawn train did not always stop and the passengers were sometimes obliged to carefully jump off; not so difficult as its sounds for 3rd Class passengers as they sat outside on benches. The last horse-drawn train ran on Saturday, 4 April 1914 and the first steam-powered train ran on 6 April 1914. In In an attempt to stave off closure one of the first steam railmotors was built and this service to Port Carlisle railway station via Glasson from Drumburgh lasted until the branch was closed in 1932. Freight services had been withdrawn in 1899.
The construction of the Solway railway viaduct of the Solway Junction Railway caused Port Carlisle harbour to silt up and lose trade; this contributed to the abandonment of the Port Carlisle to Carlisle railway via Glasson. The Port Carlisle Railway Company had agreed to supply a locomotive if the C&SBRDC provided rolling stock. The North British Railway leased the line from 1862, it was absorbed by them in 1880, and then taken over by the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923.
Infrastructure.
The station sat close to the village, reached by an entrance off one side of the overbridge; it had a single short platform and a small shelter. No sidings were present. At Canal Junction the Port Carlisle line made an end on junction with the earlier goods branch from London Road and it was this section on to Drumburgh (pronounced drum-bruff) that was taken over by the Carlisle & Silloth Bay Railway & Dock Company. Immediately west of Drumburgh station the line branched off from the line to Silloth, passing under a minor road to Port Carlisle. The branch ran close to the south bank of the Solway Firth and the course of Hadrians Wall at Glasson and elsewhere, heading over low ground to the terminus of the line at Port Carlisle.
The old overbridge, built in 1819–23, in Glasson (NY254606) is a listed structure. It was originally built as a bridge over canal. It has a cast-iron parapet. The Plinth with rounded corners was originally the supporting structure for the canal drawbridge, increased in height to convert it to a railway bridge. An old canal lock keepers cottage also survives.
Micro-history.
Port Carlisle was one and a quarter miles away by train and Drumburgh was also one and a quarter miles away. The journey time was around four minutes, although Glasson was a request stop.
Four horse-drawn 'Dandy cars' built by the North British Railway. The Dandy car was originally preserved at Carlisle, before being moved to the National Railway Museum at York. The Port Carlisle line became a day tourist attraction to Carlisle Victorians. 
The 'Flower of Yarrow' Sentinel Railcar used on the line was driven by James Grey with T. Jackson as the fireman worked on the Port Carlisle Railway in 1932 before its final closure.

</doc>
<doc id="36765542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765542" title="Eldbjørg Raknes">
Eldbjørg Raknes

Eldbjørg Raknes (born 9 February 1970 in Midsund, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz vocalist known for her "a cappella" vocal performances, innovative improvised vocals and electronic effects. She has collaborated with musicians such as Jon Balke, Anders Jormin, Bendik Hofseth, Christian Wallumrød, Arve Henriksen, Ketil Bjørnstad, and Ståle Storløkken. She is the sister of the bassist Steinar Raknes.
Career.
Raknes was educated in the music program of Atlanten videregående skole (secondary school) in Kristiansund (1986–89), in drama at Romerike Folkehøgskole (Folk high school - 1990), and in the Jazz program at Trondheim Conservatory of Music (1991–94), with specializations in voice pedagogy, arrangement, and composition. As a student she sang with Bodega Band and collaborated with the keyboardist Christian Wallumrød among others. She has also worked with the vocal quartet "Kvitretten", with three album releases. She currently works as an instructor in the jazz program at Trondheim Conservatory of Music.
She has toured with Concerts Norway and played at several international jazz festivals in a duo with Anders Jormin as well as a member of groups including "Bodega Band", "TINGeLING", "Søyr", "Kvitretten", and "Trondheim Voices".
Raknes has her own recording company, "My Recordings" (2006).

</doc>
<doc id="36765548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765548" title="Take a Picture (album)">
Take a Picture (album)

Take a Picture is a 1968 album by singer-songwriter Margo Guryan. It is to date her sole album release.
History.
Previously primarily a songwriter, Margo Guryan signed to Bell Records as an artist, recording an album, "Take a Picture" (1968), full of light, jazz-tinged pop melodies, produced and arranged initially by John Simon, then when he became unavailable, by John Hill, both overseen by David Rosner. The musicians on the record included Hill on guitar, Kirk Hamilton (flute, bass), Phil Bodner (oboe), Paul Griffin (keyboards) and Buddy Saltzman (drums).
John Simon produced and arranged "Don't Go Away" prior to leaving to produce Janis Joplin. Simon had worked on an arrangement of "Think of Rain" for The Cyrkle that was not used, which incorporated aspects of Bach's "Air on the G String". This inspired the writing of "Someone I Know", which incorporates "Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring".
The album was preceded by a single entitled "Spanky and Our Gang", a tribute to the band who had had a hit with "Sunday Morning", backed with her own version of "Sunday Morning". The single was included on the Japanese reissue of "Take a Picture".
"Take a Picture" was praised by "Billboard", who remarked on Guryan's "fine sound" which it characterised as "commercial" and said "should insure strong sales". However Guryan refused to tour, having been married to a jazz musician and having seen "too much - performing required an agent, and a manager and a lawyer and a booking person and... you got "owned" by these people - they told you where to go, how to look, how to dress, what to say, and I didn't want that! [...] I guess I had about enough 'daddy' when I was five, and I just didn't like being told what to do." As a consequence of this, the label ceased promoting the album and it thus failed to make an impact. Resigned to this, Guryan withdrew from performing, although she continued as writer for April-Blackwood for several years afterwards, and worked with Rosner producing records for other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="36765562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765562" title="Genet Tsegay">
Genet Tsegay

Genet Tsegay (born 27 February 1991 in Mekele) is an Ethiopian actress and model. She was crowned the winner of Miss Ethiopia on May 19, 2012. She is currently studying her Architectural degree program.

</doc>
<doc id="36765563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765563" title="Kotturpuram railway station">
Kotturpuram railway station

Kotturpuram is a railway station on the Chennai MRTS. Situated on the banks of the Buckingham canal, the station is accessible through Ponniamman Koil Road in Kotturpuram.
History.
Kotturpuram station was opened on 26 January 2004, as part of the second phase of the Chennai MRTS network.
Structure.
The elevated station is built on the eastern banks of Buckingham Canal south of Adyar river. The length of the platform is 280 m. The station building consists of 4,312 sq m of parking area in its basement.
Service and connections.
Kotturpuram station is the eleventh station on the MRTS line to Velachery. In the return direction from Velachery, it is currently the seventh station towards Chennai Beach station

</doc>
<doc id="36765567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765567" title="Bahirji Naik">
Bahirji Naik

Bahirji Naik was an Indian spy, military commander and an efficient soldier, and notable Ramoshi-Berad in the army of Shivaji Maharaj in the time of the Mughal Empire.
His valor and bravery induced the man to perform espionage in enemy camps when the time and conditions were unfriendly and treacherous.
Chatrapati Shivaji and his sons Sambhaji, Rajaram, and his daughter-in-law used forefathers of Ramoshi-Berad community to carry out espionage for raids on Surat, Burhanpur, Jalna, Ujjain, Pune. Bahirji Naik who carried out espionage for Shivaji and commanded a force of 3,000 men from communities like Ramoshis, Dhangars, Bhils, Lamans, Vanzara, Pardhi, Mahadeo Koli, and Masan Jogis. 
Bahirji Naik, Shivaji's Chief of Intelligence, who was so perfect in his methods that history can only infer what he (and his people) did but not how they accomplished their supreme feats.
His tomb is now situated on Banurgad/Bhupalgad in Khanapur taluka of Sangli district.
Not much is known about the early life of Bahirji but the his expeditions and adventures as a spy in Shivaji's army tell us of him great contributions in Marathi future.
Bahirji was good at gathering detailed information about every aspect of his missions and a lion's share of credit for many of Shivaji's surprising feats must go to Bahirji Naik and his people. Some of the results of their work are listed below.
When a knight from Adilashah, Afjalkhan started his journey towards Maratha Empire with a promise to Adilshah to kill or capture Shivaji, his war elephant named Fatel Lashkar was killed on the first day of his march. It is sustpected that the elephant was poisoned by Bahirji and his men, in order to demoralize the advancing army. Death of the flag bearing elephant was considered as a bad omen by Afjalkhan, and the act of Bahirji was successful in it. Bahirji further helped Shivaji in mounting many covert operations and acts of sabotage in enemy territory. 
Shivaji and his officers specialized in capturing the enemy forts via surprise attacks followed by quick victories. This was the strategy underlying Shivaji's guerrilla warfare, a rare practice in those days. Having precise military information was crucial to the success of this strategy. The battles were usually over within hours rather than months needed to capture a fort via open siege.
In UmbarKhind, a mountain pass near Lonavala, Shivaji ambushed and defeated the 
20,000 strong army of Colonel KartalabKhan, a well-known military officer of ShahisteKhan, in a 2 hour battle. Shivaji captured valuable military equipment and accepted the deserters from Khan's army into his own.
Shivaji paid a surprise visit to ShahisteKhan in Khan's military camp at Pune with at least 70,000 soldiers under cover of darkness. The objective was to kill Khan and thus demoralize his army. Khan survived this daring attack by Shivaji minus three fingers! Shivaji then escaped to SinhGad while enticing Khan's army on a wild chase to a mountain pass in Katraj. Khan did not die but was thoroughly de-moralized. He had occupied Pune and terrorized the surrounding population for over 3 years. Within 3 days of Shivaji's visit, Khan left Pune!
Twice, Shiavji successfully attacked Surat, Aurangzeb's financial capital and carried away much of its wealth as repatriation of the expenses incurred and pain suffered by Shivaji's citizens during years of occupations by forces of Aurangzeb's army first under ShahisteKhan and then under MirzaRaja JaiSingh. On each occasion, Shivaji did not harm those who had engaged in significant acts of charity.
Shivaji escaped from Aurangzeb's jail in Agra, a city that was totally foreign to Shivaji even though the jail itself was surrounded by 1,000 strong army under an able commander, and Shivaji had to travel 700 miles through Aurangzeb's kingdom.
After the second expedition to Surat, Colonel IkhlasKhan was chasing Shivaji's army. When Khan reached KanchanBari (near Nasik), he found that Shivaji was ready to face Khan in an open battle! Khan had lost the advantage of surprise. Shivaji captured valuable military equipment after his victory in this 6 hour battle.
In short, Bahirji was a key component of Shivaji's many surprise victories and escapes

</doc>
<doc id="36765569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765569" title="Beat Ganz">
Beat Ganz

Beat Ganz (born 29 April 1946) is a Swiss modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36765578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765578" title="Vitiaziella cubiceps">
Vitiaziella cubiceps

Vitiaziella cubiceps is a species of flabby whalefish known from the Kuril-Kamchatka Trench and the South China Sea at depths of from . It is the only known member of its genus.

</doc>
<doc id="36765595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765595" title="Urs Hugi">
Urs Hugi

Urs Hugi (born 25 July 1952) is a Swiss modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36765598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765598" title="Mangwashi Victoria Phiyega">
Mangwashi Victoria Phiyega

Mangwashi Victoria Phiyega (b. Polokwane South Africa) is the first female police commissioner of the South African Police Service. She was appointed to the office of police commissioner by South African President Jacob Zuma on June 13, 2012. 
Phiyega received higher education training at the University of Wales and University of Pennsylvania. Phiyega is also Director of Tsa Rona Investments, a "black woman owned investment company," a board member of the South Africa 2010 World Cup Bid committee, a former ABSA Group executive for corporate affairs, a trustee for Transnet Foundation, and she has also held various other leadership positions.

</doc>
<doc id="36765600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765600" title="Boris Maluev">
Boris Maluev

Boris Yakovlevich Maluev (; February 6, 1929, Stalingrad, USSR; October 24, 1987, Leningrad, USSR) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists, Honored Artist of the RSFSR, lived and worked in Leningrad, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his historical and genre paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36765607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765607" title="Joël Veltman">
Joël Veltman

Joël Ivo Veltman (born 15 January 1992) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a centre back for Ajax in the Dutch Eredivisie, and for the Netherlands national team.
Career.
AFC Ajax.
Joël Veltman began his football career in the youth teams of VV IJmuiden in his home town of Velsen, before moving to AFC Ajax in 2001, where he went through the youth ranks of the club. While playing for the Ajax A1 youth squad in 2011–12, Veltman helped his side to win the Nike Eredivisie league title, as well finishing as runners-up to Inter Milan in the NextGen Series (the Champions League equivalent for under-20 teams) after losing on penalties (5–3) following a 1–1 deadlock after extra time. He made his official debut for the Ajax first team on August 19, 2012, in the away match against N.E.C. in Nijmegen, coming on as a substitute for Mitchell Dijks in the 79th minute. The match ended in a 1–6 win for the Amsterdam side. Following a successful starting season with the first team of Ajax, helping his side to secure their third consecutive national title and his personal first, on 6 June 2013 it was announced that Joël Veltman had extended his contract with Ajax for another four years, binding him to the club until the summer of 2017.
On 5 August 2013 Veltman played in the Dutch Eerste Divisie debut of the newly promoted reserves team Jong Ajax at the start of the season. Substituted off in the 89'-minute of the 2–0 home win, due to a sustained injury, Veltman found himself sidelined for the next two months. He returned from his injury on 30 September 2013 in another match for Jong Ajax, this time against FC Volendam, scoring his first professional goal in the 2–3 loss at the Sportpark De Toekomst scoring the opener in the 7th minute of the game. On 22 October 2013 Joël Veltman made his continental debut for the first team, when he replaced the injured first choice center back Niklas Moisander in the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League group stage match against Celtic. The away match at Celtic Park ended in a 2–1 loss for the Amsterdam side.
International career.
Netherlands youth teams.
Joël Veltman made his debut for the Dutch national team, playing for the under-17 squad, making his debut on 10 February 2009 in the 2009 edition of the La Manga Cup in the 0–4 loss against Czech Republic U17. He also played in the 2009 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship group stage match against England U17 which ended in a 1–1 draw, having previously appeared in three of the qualification matches. On 2 September 2010 Veltman made his debut for the Netherlands U19 in a friendly fixture against Germany U19 which ended in a 2–2 draw. On 9 February 2011 Joël Veltman scored his first international goal in another friendly fixture for the under-19 squad against France U19 with the match ending in a 1–1 draw. On 23 May 2012 Veltman made his debut for the Netherlands U21 team at the 2012 Toulon Tournament in France. He appeared in four matches for the Dutch, while making his debut against Egypt U21 in the 0–3 win.
Netherlands first team.
On 8 November 2013 it was announced that Joël Veltman received his first call-up for the Dutch national first team, by head coach Louis van Gaal, for the friendly matches against Japan and Colombia. Remaining on the bench for the duration of the first match against Japan, Veltman made his debut for the first team on 19 November 2013 in the fixture against Colombia, playing the full 90'-minutes in the 0–0 draw at the Amsterdam Arena. On 31 May 2014, Joël Veltman was named as part of the 23-man squad heading to the finals of the 2014 FIFA World Cup to represent the Netherlands under manager Louis van Gaal. He was joined by Ajax teammates Daley Blind and Jasper Cillessen.
Career statistics.
Club performance.
1 Includes UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League matches.
2 Includes the Johan Cruijff Shield and Eredivisie playoffs matches.
International performance.
"Statistics accurate as of matches played on 19 November 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="36765617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765617" title="Nicholas II, Count of Tecklenburg">
Nicholas II, Count of Tecklenburg

Nicholas II of Tecklenburg († 1426) was the ruling Count of Tecklenburg from 1388 until his death.
Life.
Nicholas II was the only son of Count Otto VI and his wife, Adelaide of Lippe, a daughter of Bernard V, Lord of Lippe.
Like his father, Nicholas II fought many feuds. In 1338, he succeeded his father as Count of Tecklenburg. In his feud against Lippe, he gained the Lordship of Rheda, and had to cede territory to Lippe in return.
In 1400, the bishops of Münster and Osnabrück joined forces and fought against Nicholas II. He lost northern parts of his territory, such as Cloppenburg, Vechta, Friesoythe and Bevergern to the bishop of Münster. In Lower Lingen, he lost half the parish of Plantlünne and Schapen and the forests of Stade and Spelle. He was left with the oldest part of the County of Tecklenburg-Lingen, including Ibbenbüren, Iburg, Lienen, Ladbergen and other towns. His territory was complete surrounded by the two bishoprics.
Later in his life, Nicholas II fought further feuds against the bishops of Münster and Osnabrück and the Counts of Hoya. He assisted his cousin Nicholas of Oldenburg-Delmenhorst, who was Archishop of Bremen against East Frisia. In 1426, they lost the Battle of Detern.
Marriage and issue.
Nicholas II married Anna Elisabeth of Moers (d. 1430), a daughter of Frederick III, Count of Moers. They had the following children:

</doc>
<doc id="36765618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765618" title="Oussama Tannane">
Oussama Tannane

Oussama Tannane (born 23 March 1994 in Tétouan, Morocco) is a Moroccan-Dutch footballer who currently plays for Heracles Almelo. Tannane made his Eredivisie league debut for SC Heerenveen during the 2012-2013 season. However, he was released in June 2013 and signed with Heracles Almelo.

</doc>
<doc id="36765620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765620" title="Middlesbrough during World War II">
Middlesbrough during World War II

Middlesbrough was the first major British town and industrial target to be bombed during the Second World War. The Luftwaffe first attacked the town on 25 May 1940 when a lone bomber dropped 13 bombs between South Bank Road and the South Steel Plant. One of the bombs fell on the South Bank football ground making a large crater in the pitch. The bomber was forced to leave after RAF night fighters were scrambled to intercept. Two months after the first bombing Prime Minister Winston Churchill visited the town to meet the public and inspect coastal defences.
German bombers often flew over the Eston Hills while heading for targets further inland, such as Manchester. On 30 March 1941 a Junkers Ju 88 was shot down by two Spitfires of No. 41 Squadron, piloted by Tony Lovell and Archie Winskill, over Middlesbrough. The aircraft dived into the ground at Barnaby Moor, Eston; the engines and most of the airframe were entirely buried upon impact.
On 5 December 1941 a Spitfire of No. 122 Squadron, piloted by Sgt Hutton, crashed into rising ground near Mill Farm, Upsall, on the lower slopes of Eston Hills. Poor visibility due to bad weather and low cloud is believed to have been the cause of the crash.
On 15 January 1942, minutes after being hit by gunfire from a merchant ship anchored off Hartlepool, a Dornier Do 217 collided with the cable of a barrage balloon over the River Tees. The blazing bomber plummeted onto the railway sidings in South Bank leaving a crater twelve feet deep. In 1997 the remains of the Dornier were unearthed by a group of workers clearing land for redevelopment; the remains were put on display for a short while at Kirkleatham museum.
Railway station bombing.
On 4 August 1942 a lone Dornier Do 217 picked its way through the barrage balloons and dropped a stick of bombs onto the railway station. One bomb caused serious damage to the Victorian glass and steel roof. A train in the station was also badly damaged although there were no passengers aboard.
Summary.
By the end of the war over 200 buildings had been destroyed within the Middlesbrough area. Areas of early and mid-Victorian housing were demolished and much of central Middlesbrough was redeveloped. Heavy industry was relocated to areas of land better suited to the needs of modern technology. Middlesbrough itself began to take on a completely different look.

</doc>
<doc id="36765635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765635" title="Scott Taylor (pentathlete)">
Scott Taylor (pentathlete)

Scott Taylor (born May 8, 1945) is an American modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36765639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765639" title="Kasturba Nagar railway station">
Kasturba Nagar railway station

Kasturiba Nagar is a railway station on the Chennai MRTS. Located near the Madhya Kailash junction on Rajiv Gandhi Salai, it exclusively serves the Chennai MRTS.
History.
Kasturiba Nagar station was opened on 26 January 2004, as part of the second phase of the Chennai MRTS network. The station was built by Larson & Toubro Limited.
Structure.
The elevated station is built on the western banks of Buckingham Canal. The length of the platform is 280 m. The station building consists of 3,200 sq m of parking area in its basement.
Service and connections.
Kasturiba Nagar station is the twelfth station on the MRTS line to Velachery. In the return direction from Velachery, it is currently the sixth station towards Chennai Beach station

</doc>
<doc id="36765659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765659" title="Berkeley Historical Plaque Project">
Berkeley Historical Plaque Project

The Berkeley Historical Plaque Project, founded in 1997, is a Berkeley, California non-profit 501 (c)(3) organization whose mission is to document Berkeley’s history through plaques identifying locations of historical import. Sponsors include the City of Berkeley, Berkeley’s Landmarks Preservation Commission, the Berkeley Architectural Heritage Association (BAHA) and the Berkeley Historical Society (BHS).
Project members work with building owners to develop and install distinctive oval green enamel plaques identifying the names, dates and significance of historic buildings. Rectangular plaques with a cream-white background color identify sites of historic interest and often include an historic photo image of the site.
In 2002 the Project was given a “President’s Award” by the California Preservation Foundation “in recognition of outstanding achievement in the field of Historic Preservation.” That same year the Mayor and Berkeley’s City Council commended Project members for “their tireless efforts to make Berkeley’s history a vital part of our present community.”
e-Plaques.
In 2012 the Plaque Project launched a website documenting its work. Plaques are categorized by geographic areas and linked to interactive maps. Texts are accompanied by historic photos and links to external articles, lectures, and videos. The website expands the Project’s reach into the realm of “e-Plaques” that virtually document historic buildings, homes of notable Berkeley residents, and even unique natural phenomena. Crowd-sourcing is used to expand the texts and photos. With viewer contributions, over time this section will evolve into a collaborative portrait of Berkeley.

</doc>
<doc id="36765687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765687" title="Crandall House">
Crandall House

Crandall House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36765691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765691" title="Charles Richards (pentathlete)">
Charles Richards (pentathlete)

Charles "Chuck" Richards (born March 19, 1945) is an American modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
A graduate of Indiana University where he was a two-time All-American, Richards later moved to Portland, Oregon where he opened a health club, the Cornell Court Club (later renamed the Sunset Athletic Club) in 1977. In 2009, Richards was inducted into the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame for his advocacy of sports, fitness, and the Hall of Fame itself.

</doc>
<doc id="36765705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765705" title="Ruud Swinkels">
Ruud Swinkels

Ruud Swinkels (born 23 February 1987 in Moergestel) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays for Willem II in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played as a goalkeeper for FC Eindhoven, PSV and SC Cambuur.
Career.
Swinkels started his professional career with FC Eindhoven in the Dutch Eerste Divisie, where he was the first goalkeeper for three years. In the summer of 2012, Swinkels moved to PSV, where he was the third goalkeeper. He was released on 31 December 2012. In June 2013, Swinkels signed for two seasons with SC Cambuur, which promoted to the Eredivisie. However, Cambuur and Swinkels agreed to dissolve his contract with the club on 12 August 2013. Swinkels lost the competition of fellow goalkeeper Leonard Nienhuis and refused to spent the season as the second goalkeeper.
Honours.
Club.
Willem II

</doc>
<doc id="36765716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765716" title="BBNG2">
BBNG2

BBNG2 is the second studio album from Canadian jazz instrumental hip hop band BADBADNOTGOOD. It was made available on the band's website as a free download in various formats.

</doc>
<doc id="36765721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765721" title="Hisham al-Hayali">
Hisham al-Hayali

Hisham al-Hayali (died 18 August 2012) was governor of Iraq's Diyala Province from March to August 2012 when he was killed in a car crash. His wife, former MP Tayseer al-Mashhadani, died in the same crash. Their funeral was conducted on August 19, 2012 at 10:00 a.m

</doc>
<doc id="36765731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765731" title="Hole Rößler">
Hole Rößler

Hole Rößler (born 17 April 1949) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed for West Germany at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36765749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765749" title="Willy Clarkson">
Willy Clarkson

William Berry "Willy" Clarkson (1861 - 12 October 1934) was a theatrical costume designer and wigmaker. 
A 1900 article in the theatrical newspaper "The Era" stated that "Not to know Willy Clarkson and his doings is to be out of the theatrical world, for Willy Clarkson, with the bright and easy (though sometimes anxious) manner is ever hovering "before and behind." Scarcely any big production in London to undertaken without the aid of the owner of the Wellington-street wiggeries."
Clarkson's father had been making wigs since 1833 and Willy Clarkson took over his father's business in 1878. In an 1898 court case Clarkson was fined for the offence of employing women in a factory on a Sunday. Author James Morton described Clarkson as "the more notorious of Soho's blackmailers of the interwar years" in his 2012 book "Gangland Soho". Morton describes a public lavatory in Soho's Dansey Place as being known locally as Clarkson's Cottage, and wrote that Clarkson was an accomplished insurance fraudster, with 11 of 12 premises Clarkson occupied having burnt down.
Willy Clarkson drafted his will himself and did not leave the residue of his estate to any particular person. This meant that upon his death his estate would have been forfeit to the crown. A solicitors clerk, William C. Hobbs then forged Clarkson's will in his favour with the help of lawyer Edmond O'Connor. Hobbes was later sentenced to five years in prsion for this crime and O'Connor seven.
A London County Council blue plaque unveiled in 1966 commemorates Clarkson at 41-43 Wardour Street in Soho. The foundation stone of Clarkson's Wardour Street premises (then Wellington Street) was laid by the actress Sarah Bernhardt and the coping stone by actor Henry Irving. Clarkson's occupied the building from 1905 to 1940.
Harry J. Greenwall published "The Strange Life of Willy Clarkson: An Experiment in Biography" in 1936.
Disguises.
Clarkson was reputed to have created disguises for murderers Hawley Harvey Crippen and Jack the Ripper. Clarkson would also make disguises for detectives from Scotland Yard. In 1936 Adrian Stephen recalled that Clarkson had helped disguise the members of Horace de Vere Cole's Dreadnought hoax in 1910. Among the hoaxers was a young Virginia Woolf, disguised as a member of an Abyssinian royal delegation.
Clarkson's ability at creating disguises is referenced in novels by Sax Rohmer ("The Golden Scorpion", 1919) and Graham Seton Hutchison ("Colonel Grant's To-morrow", 1931).

</doc>
<doc id="36765750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765750" title="Vinay Nadkarni">
Vinay Nadkarni

Vinay Nadkarni (Hindi:विनय नाडकर्णी "Vinay Nadkaranī", born: 1962) is an Indian Banker at Mumbai, and a voice actor that specializes in dubbing foreign animated media.
He is best known for being the official Hindi dubbing voice of Disney character, Donald Duck and he has been voicing him since 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36765751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765751" title="902d Troop Carrier Group">
902d Troop Carrier Group

The 902d Troop Carrier Group is an inactive United States Air Force Reserve unit. It was last active with the 94th Troop Carrier Wing, based at Grenier Air Force Base, Massachusetts. It was inactivated on 25 January 1966.
History.
Following the mobilizations in 1961 and 1962 for the Berlin Crisis and the Cuban Missile Crisis, Continental Air Command (ConAC) realized that it was unwieldy to mobilize an entire wing unless absolutely necessary. Their original Table of Organization for each Wing was a wing headquarters, a troop carrier group, an Air Base Group, a maintenance and supply group, and a medical group. In 1957, the troop carrier group and maintenance and supply groups were inactivated, with their squadrons reassigned directly to the wing headquarters - despite the fact that many wings had squadrons spread out over several bases due to the Detached Squadron Concept dispersing Reserve units over centers of population. 
To resolve this, in late 1962 and early 1963, ConAC reorganized the structure of its reserve Troop Carrier Wings by establishing fully deployable Troop Carrier Groups and inserting them into the chain of command between the Wing and its squadrons at every base that held a ConAC troop carrier squadron. At each base, the group was composed of a material squadron, a troop carrier squadron, a tactical hospital or dispensary, and a combat support squadron. Each troop carrier wing consisted of 3 or 4 of these groups. By doing so, ConAC could facilitate the mobilization of either aircraft and aircrews alone, aircraft and minimum support personnel (one troop carrier group), or the entire troop carrier wing. This also gave ConAC the flexibility to expand each Wing by attaching additional squadrons, if necessary from other Reserve wings to the deployable groups for deployments.
As a result, the 902d Troop Carrier Group was established with a mission to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel in the tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. The group was equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
The 902d TCG was one of two C-119 Flying Boxcar groups assigned to the 94th TCW in 1963, the other being the 901st Troop Carrier Group at Hanscom Field, Massachusetts. 
Inactivated in January 1966 with the closure of Grenier Air Force Base.

</doc>
<doc id="36765753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765753" title="Walter Esser">
Walter Esser

Walter Esser (born 21 February 1945) is a German modern pentathlete. He competed for West Germany at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36765763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765763" title="Spring Dale Senior School">
Spring Dale Senior School

Overveiw.
Spring Dale Senior School is an English medium Co-Educational school in Amritsar, Punjab, India. The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). Spring Dale Senior School offers education from classes I - XII and encourages the students to take part in various co-curricular activities held in school such as music, dance, arts and sports.The school also has a junior wing named Spring Blossoms Senior School.
Academics.
Being a centre for SAT in Punjab, Spring Dale Senior School upholds a high reputation. Harboring a large number of students with scores of above 2000 in the SATs, Spring Dale Senior School is one of the key schools to promote foreign education, not just in Amritsar but in India. With several students studying in universities as reputed as University of British Columbia, University of California, Berkeley and the University of Nottingham.
Averaging scores of students scoring above 90 percent in the 12th standard CBSE Board examinations, Spring Dale is one of the most academically successful schools in the country. With a great faculty, Spring Dales harbors a great number of student being admitted to some of the best colleges in India in all streams, namely University of Delhi and Indian Institute of Technology and AIIMS
The Sandhus.
Under the leadership and guidance of mentors Mrs. Manveen Sandhu and Dr. Shivinder Singh Sandhu, Spring Dales rose to great heights. They have often been regarded as the best principals of the country and Manveen Sandhu was posthumously awarded the Kalpana Chawla award for promotion of art, culture and education. Despite their unfortunate death in 2009, the school has not ceased to uphold the high status that the Sandhus worked hard to create.
Extra Curricular.
Despite harboring an excellent academic base, Spring Dale Senior School's cultural impact is widely renowned. With international events to street plays to Spicmacay, Spring Dales' efforts to influence today's culture is commendable.
With international festivals like Punarjyot and Saanjh, Indo-Pak relations have been improved by several cultural events over the last decade. The importance of arts like dramatics and music to depict the plight of the unfortunate has been well established at Spring Dales.
SPIC MACAY.
Spring Dale Educational Society has been the coordinating Centre for SPICMACAY since the year 2000. Spring Dales has been regularly organizing SPICMACAY VIRASAT since the year 2000. Besides organizing three conventions in Punjab, of which two were held in Ludhiana and one in Amritsar. Being a part of the SPICMACAY, more than 500 programmes have been organized by Spring Dales in North India including Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Chandigarh.

</doc>
<doc id="36765775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765775" title="Coalition (disambiguation)">
Coalition (disambiguation)

A coalition is a pact or treaty among individuals or groups, during which they cooperate in joint action, each in their own self-interest, joining forces together for a common cause.
Coalition may also refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="36765777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765777" title="Rachel Rockwell">
Rachel Rockwell

Rachel Rockwell is an American theatre director, choreographer and performer. She graduated from the School for the Creative and Performing Arts (Cincinnati) and has a BFA in Theater Performance from the University of Evansville (IN). She moved to Chicago in 1991 and began performing and choreographing. She has appeared on Broadway in Mamma Mia! and the national tours of Mamma Mia! (Equity Dance Captain); and Harold Prince’s Showboat. In 2010, she was named “Best Director” by Chicago Magazine. and Chicagoan of the Year: Theater 2012 by the Chicago Tribune. In the summer of 2014, Goodman Theatre will produce the first major revival of Brigadoon in two decades—directed by Rockwell, who will consider some revisions to the book, with permission from the Lerner and Loewe estates.
Personal.
Rockwell was born, Natalie Rachel Heyde, in Columbia, Missouri (1969). She is the daughter of songwriter/teacher Gary Heyde (aka novelist, Austin Gary) and actress/teacher Glory (Kissel) Heyde. Her brother is Jeremy Spencer (Heyde), drummer for heavy metal band, Five Finger Death Punch. She is married to Broadway sound designer, Garth Helm. They have a son, Jake.
Career & Awards.
Rockwell grew up in Oakland City (IN) and Boonville, Indiana. Beginning at seven, she studied dance with Ricki Smith Newman, Sylvia Watters and Evansville Dance Theatre. At thirteen, she won a scholarship to study ballet at the National Academy of Arts in Champaign, IL. In 1993, she directed her first musical, Tintypes, at the New Harmony Theater (IN). After college, she moved to Chicago. A triple-threat performer, Rockwell was nominated for a Joseph Jefferson Award for Best Actress in a review (And The World Goes 'Round) (2001); and Best Supporting Actress in a musical for The Pajama Game (2004).
As a choreographer, she was nominated for Joseph Jefferson Awards for The King & I (2007) and A Chorus Line (2011). As a director, she received Jeff Award nominations for Miss Saigon (2009); The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee—Best Musical (2009 ); Ragtime (2010) and 42nd Street (2011). For her acclaimed Drury Lane Oakbrook Theatre production of Ragtime (11 Jeff nominations and seven awards), she received the Joseph Jefferson Award as Best Director of a musical. As Director, Jeff Award nominations (2012) for Best Director and Best Musical: The Sound of Music and Sweeney Todd at Drury Lane Oakbrook Theatre; and Best Play: Enron at Timeline Theatre Company.
She has directed notable Children’s Theatre productions at Chicago Shakespeare Theater (CST)—including the premieres of The Emperor’s New Clothes (2010); The Adventures of Pinocchio (2011);<ref name="Emperor’s/Pinocchio" /> (Director & Adapter) Short Shakespeare! The Taming of the Shrew (2012) —and Disney’s Beauty & The Beast (2012). At CST, she also choreographed productions of The Merry Wives of Windsor, Romeo and Juliet, and Measure For Measure. At Timeline Theatre Company, she directed the regional premier of Enron (2012). Since the mid-nineties, Rockwell has directed and choreographed dozens of productions for such theaters as: Steppenwolf, Chicago Shakespeare Theatre, Drury Lane Theatre Oakbrook, Marriott Theatre Lincolnshire, Paramount Theatre, Noble Fool Theatricals, Fox Valley Repertory, Apple Tree, The Little Theatre on the Square, SIU Summer Theatre and McCleod Summer Playhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="36765785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765785" title="German submarine U-321">
German submarine U-321

German submarine "U-321" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out two patrols, but did not sink any ships.
The boat was sunk in April 1945 by a Polish aircraft in the Atlantic Ocean.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 21 January 1943 by the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 321, launched on 27 November 1943 and commissioned on 20 January 1944 under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Ulrich Drews.
She served with the 4th U-boat Flotilla for training, from 20 January 1944 to 28 February 1945 and the 11th flotilla for operations until her sinking on 2 April 1945.
1st patrol.
"U-320" departed Kiel on 1 March 1945 and arrived in Horten (south of Oslo), on the 9th.
2nd patrol and loss.
The boat left Horten on 15 March 1945. On 2 April she was sunk by a Polish Vickers Wellington of No. 304 Squadron RAF southwest of Ireland.
Forty-one men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36765788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765788" title="Chief Blue Horse">
Chief Blue Horse

Blue Horse (Oglala Lakota: "Sunka Wakan To" in Standard Lakota Orthography) (1822-July 16, 1908) was a Chief of the Wagluhe Band of Oglala Lakota, warrior, statesman and educator. Blue Horse is notable in American history as one of the first Oglala Lakota U.S. Army Indian Scouts and signatory of the Treaty of Fort Laramie in 1868.
Chief Blue Horse was known for his saving white men in distress and the iconic one-eyed chief was popular subject for portraitists. Chief Blue Horse's life chronicles the history of the Oglala Lakota through the 19th and early 20th centuries. Chief Blue Horse and his brother Chief Red Cloud fought for over 50 years to deflect the worst effects of white rule; feed, clothe and educate their people and preserve sacred Oglala Lakota land and heritage.
Early life.
Chief Blue Horse was the second son of Old Chief Smoke and Burnt Her Woman, and the twin brother of Chief Big Mouth.
Chief Red Cloud was the twin brother of Chief Blue Horse. Red Cloud was adopted by Old Chief Smoke, his maternal uncle, around 1825 at the age of three after Red Cloud’s parents died. Blue Horse and Red Cloud were raised as brothers and mentored by Old Chief Smoke. As a young warrior, Blue Horse led war parties with Red Cloud against the Ute, Shoshone, Bannock, Arikara, Crow, Omaha, Pawnee and Piegan.
Old Chief Smoke had five wives who bore him many children. Old Chief Smoke’s sons carried the Smoke People legacy of leadership in Oglala Lakota culture into the 20th century. The children of Old Chief Smoke were Spotted Horse Woman, Chief Big Mouth (1822-1869), Chief Blue Horse (1822-1908), Chief Red Cloud (1822-1909), Chief American Horse the Elder (1830-1876), Chief Bull Bear III, Chief Solomon Smoke II, Chief No Neck and Woman Dress (1846-1920).
Chief Blue Horse married Council Fire Woman ("Peta Ominiciye") and had one son Baldwin ("Bali") Blue Horse (Little Medicine) and two daughters, Jennie Blue Horse and Lizzie Blue Horse.
Wagluhe Band of the Oglala Lakota.
The Wagluhe Band is one of the seven bands of the Oglala Lakota. The Wagluhe Band is also known as the Loafer Band.
Old Chief Smoke.
Old Chief Smoke was an Oglala Lakota head chief and one of the last great Shirt Wearers, a highly prestigious Lakota warrior society. The Smoke People were one of the most prominent Lakota families of the 18th and 19th centuries. Old Chief Smoke was one of the first Lakota chiefs to appreciate the power of the whites and the need for association. In 1849, Old Chief Smoke moved his Wagluhe camp to Ft. Laramie, Wyoming when the U.S. Army first garrisoned the old trading post to protect and supply wagon trains of white migrants along the Oregon Trail. Lakota families from other camps who preferred the safety of Ft. Laramie joined Smoke’s camp. Old Chief Smoke was aware of the power of the whites, their overwhelming numbers and the futility of war. Old Chief Smoke observed and learned the customs of the whites. By the late 1850s, some Lakota from the wild buffalo-hunting camps began to disparage Old Chief Smoke’s camp at Ft. Laramie and call Old Chief Smoke’s community Wagluhe (Loafers), meaning they were like men who lived with their wives’ relatives, that is, hangers-on, loafers. On the other hand, some Wagluhe thought of the Lakota in the wilds as county bumpkins. During the increasing strife of the 1860s, the Ft. Laramie took on a military posture and was the primary staging ground for the U.S. Army during Red Cloud’s War. In 1864, Old Chief Smoke died and was placed on a scaffold near sight of his Ft. Laramie and replaced by Chief Big Mouth.
Wagluhe at Ft. Laramie.
The Wagluhe were aware of the power of the whites, their overwhelming numbers and the futility of war. Traditionally, in intertribal warfare, a fight among fifty warriors in which two men were killed was considered a big fight. The Wagluhe at Ft. Laramie heard of the 50,000 casualties of the three-day Battle at Gettysburg in July 1863, and knew what white men meant when they spoke of battle. The Wagluhe observed and learned the customs of the whites. Wagluhe were considered by the U.S. Army and Indian agents to be the most progressive band of Lakota and many became Indian Police, U.S. Army Indian Scouts with the U.S. 4th Cavalry Regiment from Ft. Laramie and intermediaries with other bands of Lakotas. The Wagluhe formed a civil administration at Ft. Laramie, and Old Chief Smoke appointed Chief Blue Horse and Chief Big Mouth the first Indian Police officers. The Wagluhe were first Oglala Lakota to send their children to the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, for a formal education. Wagluhe U.S. Army Indian Scouts were a “Band of Brothers” with U.S. Army Cavalry Scouts and later were the first Oglala Lakota to travel with Col. William "Buffalo Bill" Cody and his Wild West throughout the U.S. and Europe.
Wagluhe politics.
Some Wagluhe went north to the Powder River Country to fight in Red Cloud's War and became closely tied to militant Minneconjou, Sans Arc and Hunkpappa. Other Wagluhe supplied food and munitions to Chief Red Cloud. All Wagluhe respected Chief Red Cloud. The U.S. Army concluded that, even if there were doubts about their reliability, the Wagluhe’s role as scouts, civil administrators and mediators was absolutely essential.
Chief Blue Horse and Chief Red Cloud.
Chief Blue Horse and Chief Red Cloud were warriors, statesmen and leaders of the Oglala Lakota for over 50 years. Their special lifelong relationship chronicles the history of the Oglala Lakota through the 19th and early 20th centuries. Chief Blue Horse and Chief Red Cloud fought to deflect the worst effects of white rule; feed, clothe and educate their people and preserve sacred Oglala Lakota land and heritage.
The Old Chief Bull Bear incident.
In 1841, Blue Horse was shot in the back with an arrow during a skirmish with the followers of Old Chief Bull Bear, a challenger to his father Old Chief Smoke. Old Chief Bull Bear contemptuously threw dust in the face Old Chief Smoke and challenged to him to a fight. After the Old Chief Smoke refused, Old Chief Bull Bear killed Old Chief Smoke’s favorite horse. Red Cloud, Old Chief Smoke’s adopted son, sought revenge, and later during a fight with Old Chief Bull Bear’s band killed old Chief Bull Bear. Blue Horse, who was with Red Cloud, was wounded during the incident. The Old Chief Bull Bear Incident was significant in Oglala Lakota history and resulted in the splitting of the bands. Nevertheless, Old Chief Smoke adopted Old Chief Bull Bear’s son, Young Bull Bear, and raised him in the Smoke household.
U.S. Army Indian Scout.
Chief Blue Horse began service with the U.S. Army at Ft. Laramie, Wyoming, as early as 1854 when General William S. Harney arrived at the onset of the Sioux Wars. Prior to 1866, Indian scouts were considered employees rather than soldiers, and on July 28, 1866 by an Act of Congress, Indian Scouts were enlisted and paid the salary and allowances as U.S. Cavalry soldiers. Blue Horse was one of the first U.S. Army Indian Scouts formally recruited at Fort Laramie around 1866 and had an excellent reputation with the U.S. Army and white traders as a reliable Indian. Blue Horse maintained the trust of General Harney and Chief Red Cloud, and served as a messenger and intermediary during Red Cloud's War 1866-1868.
Red Cloud's War.
The Bozeman Trail.
Red Cloud's War (1866-1868), also known as the “Bozeman War” or the “Powder River War”, was an armed conflict after the end of U.S. Civil War between the Lakota, Northern Cheyenne, and Arapaho and the U.S. government in the Wyoming Territory and the Montana Territory. The Bozeman Trail through the Powder River Country was used by an increasing number of miners, emigrant settlers and others who competed with the Cheyenne and Lakota for resources and encroached on their traditional territory to reach gold fields discovered in Montana around 1863. The Powder River Country was the last unspoiled hunting ground of the Cheyenne and various bands of the Lakota. In late spring 1866, the U.S. government called for a council with the Lakota and Northern Cheyenne at Fort Laramie to discuss a treaty to gain a safe passage for emigrant settlers through the Powder River Country and construct forts along the trail. On June 5, 1866, Chief Red Cloud appeared at Ft. Laramie with a thousand warriors to attend the council, and was outraged to learn that the U.S. Army was bringing in troops to construct forts before the Lakota had agreed to a military road through the area. Chief Red Cloud refused to sign a treaty and left the council in protest, and promising resistance to any whites who sought to use the trail or to occupy the Powder River Country. Chief Red Cloud scolded the Peace Commissioner for treating the Indians like children. “The white men have crowded the Indians back year by year, until we are forced to live in a small country North of the Platte. And now our last hunting ground, the home of the people, is to be taken from us. Our women and children will starve, but for my part I prefer to die fighting rather than of starvation. Great Father sends presents and wants a new road. But white chief goes with soldiers to steal road before Indian says yes or no.” “Chief Red Cloud strode past Colonel Henry B. Carrington, and before dawn next day, the Oglala Lakota were gone from Ft. Laramie.” Despite Red Cloud’s warnings, Colonel Carrington marched into the Powder River Country with 750 men and garrisoned forts along the Bozeman Trail. One of the new garrison posts was Fort Phil Kearny, a flash point with Chief Red Cloud. Ft. Kearny was known to the Indians as the "hated post on the Little Piney." In response, by late summer Red Cloud had recruited a force of approximately three thousand Oglala Lakota, Northern Cheyenne and Arapaho warriors to oppose U.S. military expansion. The majority of warriors had only bows and arrows and a small arsenal of rifles and ammunition smuggled by Wagluhe from Ft. Laramie. Red Cloud's warriors soon strategically attacked supply trains and closed the trail. Carrington, a lawyer who made forts with no combat experience, was logistically unable to provide escorts to whites on the trail or to engage in aggressive operations. Carrington respected the fighting ability of Chief Red Cloud, his better knowledge of the terrain and superior numbers. Col. Carrington was in trouble. Chief Red Cloud and the Lakota, Northern Cheyenne and Arapaho were for preparing for battle.
The Fetterman Fight.
Captain William J. Fetterman arrived at Ft. Phil Kearny, Wyoming, from Ft. Laramie, Wyoming, in November 1866. While Captain Fetterman had extensive combat experience during the U.S. Civil War, he had no experience fighting American Indians. Fetterman criticized Colonel Carrington's strategy and allegedly boasted that “given 80 men he would ride through the Sioux Nation." Junior officers at Ft. Phil Kearny were anxious for battle, believed the Indians could be easily defeated and criticized Carrington's apparent unwillingness to fight Indians. On December 21, 1866, a morning supply train to Ft. Phil Kearny was attacked. Fetterman had been sent to chase away a small Indian war party that had attacked a wood party days before and was anxious to go to battle. Colonel Carrington authorized Captain Fetterman to mobilize a detachment of 81 men and gave express orders for Fetterman to stay behind the Lodge Trail Ridge where relief would be difficult. Within a few minutes of departure an Oglala Lakota decoy party led by Crazy Horse appeared on Lodge Trail Ridge. Captain Fetterman disobeyed orders and took the bait after several of the Oglala Lakota warriors stood on their ponies and insultingly waggled their bare buttocks at the troopers. Fetterman followed Crazy Horse’s advance party and raced down and into valley where more than 2,000 Oglala Lakota, Cheyenne and Arapaho were concealed. The ambush killed the entire 81-man U.S.Army detachment, while combined Indian forces suffered only 14 casualties. The incident, known as the "Fetterman Massacre" by the U.S. Army and the "Battle of the Hundred Slain" and the "Fetterman Fight" by Native Americans, involved the highest U.S. Army fatalities in a single event on the Great Plains until the disaster of the Battle of Little Big Horn nearly ten years later. General Philip St. George Cooke held Carrington solely responsible for the defeat and relieved him of command on December 26, 1866. Chief Big Mouth and his party was dispatched by General William S.H arney and returned on January 16, 1867, after spreading news that fine gifts awaited warrior chiefs if they came into Ft. Laramie to sign new treaties. General Ulysses S. Grant, commanding the U.S. Army, moved to court-martial Carrington, but at the suggestion of General William T. Sherman submitted the matter to a court of inquiry which subsequently exonerated Carrington, as did a separate investigation by the Department of the Interior.
The Fetterman response.
Public shock following the incident resulted in reassessment of the government's Indian policy, and a U.S. Peace Commission toured the Great Plains in 1867 to gather information to help bring about peace among the tribes and with the U.S. The Commission concluded Native Americans had been provoked by white encroachment and competition for resources and recommended assigning definite territories to the Great Plains tribes. In late summer 1867, the U.S. government changed its policy and decided to use the First Transcontinental Railroad to transport immigrants. The government decided that a military presence in the Powder River Country was too expensive and unproductive and agreed to abandon its forts and withdraw completely from Lakota territory.
Intermediary to Red Cloud.
Chief Red Cloud did not participate in the Fetterman Fight. Rather, Red Cloud was with Blue Horse who had carried tobacco from General Harney at Ft. Laramie inviting Red Cloud and the Northern Oglala leadership to talks at the fort. The reaction was negative, with the tobacco packages thrown in the fire by angry warriors. Blue Horse remained in the Red Cloud's village for several days at the time of the Fetterman Fight. Blue Horse's return to Ft. Laramie with intelligence is noted in reports of the Upper Platte Indian Agency and accounts by Lakota eyewitnesses. Chief Blue Horse, Chief Big Mouth and other Wagluhe acted as intermediaries throughout Red Cloud’s War.
Treaty of Ft. Laramie 1868.
Chief Blue Horse and Chief Red Cloud were a signatories to the Treaty of Fort Laramie in 1868. The treaty was an agreement between the United States and the Lakota Nation guaranteeing the Lakota ownership of the Black Hills and land and hunting rights in South Dakota, Wyoming and Montana. The Powder River Country was to be henceforth closed to all whites. The Treaty ended Red Cloud's War. In the Spring of 1868, U.S. peace commissioners were sent to ort Laramie. The Treaty of Fort Laramie declared the Powder River Country "unceded territory" to be used as a reserve for Cheyenne and Lakota. The treaty also established the Great Sioux Reservation, including the Black Hills and covering the territory of West River, west of the Missouri River in present-day Nebraska, and including parts of South Dakota. On April 29, 1868, Chief Spotted Tail and other Brulé chiefs "touched the pen." On May 25, 1868, many of the Oglala Lakota chiefs, including Sitting Bull, Man-Afraid-of-His-Horses and American Horse signed. The Northern Cheyenne and Arapaho also signed.
However, Chief Red Cloud refused to meet with U.S. peace commissioners until the U.S. Army abandoned Fort Phil Kearny and other the Powder River Country forts. In August 1868, Chief Red Cloud's demands were met and the Powder River Country forts were abandoned and the garrisons removed to Ft. Laramie. On November 6, 1868, Chief Red Cloud signed the Treaty of Fort Laramie with Father Pierre-Jean De Smet as a witness.
Chief Red Cloud's victory.
The Treaty of Fort Laramie was regarded as a great victory for Chief Red Cloud. Chief Red Cloud defeated the U.S. Army in battle. The U.S. Army Powder River Country forts were abandoned and the hunting grounds of the Lakota, Cheyenne and Arapaho had been protected. In addition, the treaty required the U.S. government to issue weekly rations and subsidies to the Oglala Lakota.
The murder of Chief Big Mouth.
Blue Horse’s twin brother Big Mouth was the elder and became head chief in 1864 upon the death of Old Chief Smoke. Big Mouth opposed Chief Spotted Tail’s leadership and criticized his negotiations with Washington politicians. On October 29, 1869, Spotted Tail called at the door of Big Mouth’s lodge, and asked to speak with him. On his appearance, he was seized by two warriors, who held him fast, while Spotted Tail drew a pistol, placed it against his body, and shot Chief Big Mouth dead.
Captain DeWitt C. Poole at the Whetstone Indian Agency reported Chief Blue Horse’s shock and anger to Chief Big Mouth’s murder. “Blue Horse started a violent harangue in the Sioux language. He had a rifle in one hand and a strung bow and a bunch of arrows in the other, and when he dropped his blanket, two navy Colts and a big scalping knife could be seen in their sheaths at his belt. He was in a raving fury, leaping and bounding about the room as he hurled accusations and threats at Chief Spotted Tail. Chief Big Mouth died toward dawn. Some hours later, Blue Horse came to agent Poole’s office and told he that he felt so sad over the death of his great and good brother that he would have to wash off the paint he had put on his face for the feast the day before and begin mourning. The interpreter warned Poole that if this Indian washed his face and started mourning, it would mean the reopening of the feud and more shootings. The agent would give Blue Horse two blankets, that would comfort him, and he would refrain from washing his face and going gunning for Spotted Tail. The blankets were handed over, and the grieving brother went quietly away.” Poole later reported that Chief Spotted Tail made a prompt payment of a stipulated number of ponies to Blue Horse and that aboriginal law had been vindicated.
Blue Horse was pressed to avenge the murder of Chief Big Mouth, but chose the path of non-violence and instead moved with his Wagluhe Band to another locality. Chief Red Cloud was also aggrieved by his brother's murder. Nonetheless, Chief Red Cloud continued to work with Chief Spotted Tail in delegations to Washington, D.C. to protect tribal lands, enforce broken treaties and preserve Lakota culture.
Delegations to Washington.
In 1872, Blue Horse accompanied Red Cloud and a Lakota delegation to Washington, D.C. to meet with President Ulysses S. Grant. Waiting decision from President Grant on continued negotiations, Red Cloud and Blue Horse toured New York City. The "New York Herald" reported the gala event:
Blue Horse's opposition to the Oglala Census of 1874.
In November 1873, Dr. John J. Saville, superintendent of the Red Cloud Agency, ordered a census of the Oglala to enumerate the agency Indians. The food situation was desperate. Blue Horse and Red Cloud opposed the census knowing the count would result in a loss of rations for the Oglala and resisted threats from the government to withhold food and supplies. “The Cincinnati Commercial thus accounts for the refusal of Red Cloud and Blue Horse to allow a census of their people to be taken. They have probably been told by the missionaries how David was punished by making a count of the Israelites, and have cultivated what may be properly styled a theological prejudice to census statistics. We think however that those chiefs theological objections are more like to relate to the Book of Cincinnati Numbers, as they don’t want their numbered inferiority made public." Saville's disagreements with Blue Horse and Red Cloud eventually led to a Commission to investigate alleged mismanagement at the Red Cloud Agency and recommend that Saville be removed. Dr. Saville resigned in 1875.
Letter to President Grant.
On June 5, 1875, the "Anglo-American Times" published a letter written by Chief Blue Horse to President Grant. “The President has received letters from Sioux chiefs unable to accompany the delegation, of which the following from Blue Horse may be taken as a sample: ‘There are fifty families of my people who wish to go to farming. We wish to go to work and do not want white men to run over us. We intend to remain here and we want neat houses and fences and everything that the white men use. We want a cow, two yoke of oxen of oxen, and a wagon, also chickens. Whatever the President may give those who visit Washington, I wish a share also. I also want a sewing machine and other farming implements. The Great Father has promised us that we should not starve, and I wish to make a living for myself on these rivers in this way.'”
Battle of the Little Big Horn.
After the Battle of the Little Big Horn in late June 1876, the government took punitive actions including disbanding U.S. Army Indian Scouts, clamping down on the agency bands and taking a census creating considerable unrest. On August 31, 1876, Blue Horse was arrested for a short time by General Ranald S. Mackenzie for not turning in northern “hostile” Indians slipping into his Loafer village. Chief Blue Horse continued to serve as an intermediary to Chief Red Cloud after the Battle of the Little Big Horn.
New Wagluhe leaders.
After the Battle of Little Big Horn and the arrest of Blue Horse, the Wagluhe split into three bands. Blue Horse remained head chief of one band, and rising young leaders American Horse and Three Bears led the other two. Red Shirt was also a popular leader and served as Three Bears’ lieutenant. These leaders had much in common. Blue Horse, American Horse, Three Bears and Red Shirt all served as U.S. Army Indian Scouts with the U.S. 4th Cavalry Regiment from Ft. Laramie led Lakota delegations to Washington, D.C., their children attended the first class at the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania and joined with Buffalo Bill’s Wild West. Wagluhe U.S. Army Indian Scouts from the Pine Ridge Agency, South Dakota, were a “Band of Brothers” with U.S. Army Cavalry Scouts and the first Oglala Lakota to travel with Col. William Frederick "Buffalo Bill" Cody and his Wild West throughout the U.S. and Europe. Veterans from the Great Plains Wars chose to offer their services to Colonel "Buffalo Bill" Cody and appreciated that Wild West shows preserved Oglala Lakota heritage during a time when the Bureau of Indian Affairs was intent on promoting Native assimilation.
Chief Blue Horse's eye.
In 1883, Chief Blue Horse received national news coverage when the Bureau of Indian Affairs released his letter to the Great Father President Chester A. Arthur respectfully requesting a glass eye. The newspaper accounts of his letter were supportive. “Blue Horse, a good hearted Sioux, respectfully writes President Arthur to send him a glass eye, brown to match the sound one. Blue Horse compares very favorable with the many requests of his white brethren who make requests of the President.” Another paper reported:
Wild Westing with Buffalo Bill.
Chief Blue Horse was one the first Oglala Lakota to go Wild Westing with Buffalo Bill’s Wild West. Blue Horse accompanied Buffalo Bill Cody on the show's first international trip to London, England on March 31, 1887. The show's entourage crossed the Atlantic in the "SS State of Nebraska", and included 297 passengers (97 of them Natives), 18 buffalo, 181 horses, 10 elk, 4 donkeys, 5 longhorns (Texas steers), 2 deer and 10 mules. Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show was part of the celebration during the Golden Jubilee of Queen Victoria at Windsor Castle in England, and toured through Birmingham, Salford, and London for five months. The "London Courier" reported Blue Horse and companions treated to an evening of English hospitality. “Willesden was as it were taken by storm on Sunday last, being invaded by the Indian contingent of Buffalo Bill’s Wild West Show. The fact was that Mr. T.B. Jones, of the White Hart Hotel had, as another instance of his great geniality, invited Red Shirt, Blue Horse, Little Bull, Little Chief and Flies Above and about twenty others to an outing to his well-known hostelry, whereabout they might enjoy his bounteous hospitality. In carriage and brake, provided by mine host, these celebrated chiefs, along with their swarthy companions, with faces painted gaily, bedizened and bedangled with feathers and ornaments, and clad in their picturesque garments, accompanied by their chief interpreter, Broncho Bill and other officials, reached the White Heart about half-past 12 o’clock.” In 1888, Buffalo Bill had a Dinner Party in New York City. “The Hon. Wm. F. Cody, or as he is more familiarly known, ‘Buffalo Bill’, gave a watapee at the ”Wild West” camp yesterday. The affair was graced by a distinguished party of ladies and gentlemen. To watapee is Sioux for “good eat.” Chief Blue Horse was in attendance. “A feature of the repast was rib-roast, and the menu included besides, roast corn, pickles and pumpkin pie.” Buffalo Bill's Wild West returned to Europe in 1889-1890 and performed in England, France, Italy, and Germany. Chief Blue Horse traveled with Wild West Shows from 1886 and beyond 1904.
Baldwin Blue Horse.
The Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, was a unique school, and is considered by some Native Americans like going to Yale, Princeton or Cambridge. 
In 1879, Chief Blue Horse's son Baldwin Blue Horse, age 12, was in the first group of Oglala Lakota students to arrive at the Carlisle. The Carlisle Indian Industrial School was part of the U.S. government's efforts to educate and assimilate Native Americans. In 1888, Chief Blue Horse met with Baldwin Blue Horse at a performance of Buffalo Bill's Wild West in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Baldwin ("Bali") could not speak Lakota and Chief Blue Horse could not speak English, and an interpreter was called to enable them to converse.
The Great Sioux Reservation.
On March 2, 1889, just months before North Dakota and South Dakota were admitted to the Union on November 2, 1889, Congress passed an Act which partitioned the Great Sioux Reservation and created five smaller reservations. Chief Blue Horse, Chief Red Cloud and other Oglala Lakota leaders spoke against the Act and refused to sign the bill. Red Cloud referred to provisions of the Treaty of Fort Laramie (1868), arguing that the terms had not been fulfilled, and that payment for what was due must be made before giving up more land. In response, General George Crook disparaged Red Cloud and threatened that the Indians will be swallowed like little fish by the whites unless they agreed to sign the bill. Red Cloud was enraged and asked the Indians who signed the bill and the Commissioners to leave the reservation. Despite the protests and legal arguments of Oglala Lakota leaders, the Great Sioux Reservation was partitioned.
Wounded Knee.
In 1890, there was serious tension at Pine Ridge Agency around the time of the Wounded Knee Massacre.
Blue Horse was opposed to the Ghost Dance movement and knew it would bring war and more suffering. Overnight, Pine Ridge Agency had become an armed camp and two twelve-pound cannon were included in the armament. One of the cannon pointed toward the friendly camp of Chief Blue Horse, and Blue Horse sought out Dr. Valentine McGillycuddy, the chief agent of Pine Ridge Agency, to use his influence to have the cannons pointed in another direction. Chief Blue Horse insisted, "There is no trouble in my camp. That big gun might go off and hurt someone." Dr. McGillycuddy went to General John R. Brooke's headquarters and made the request to change the gun position, but General Brooke shrugged off the matter and the cannon remained where it was.
Charles Alexander Eastman.
In 1890, Native American historian Charles Alexander Eastman recorded his first meeting with Chief Blue Horse at Pine Ridge Agency, South Dakota. Eastman reported Chief Blue Horse was his “first caller” at the Pine Ridge Agency and Chief "Emeritus" of the Wagluhe Band. “He softly opened the door and stepped in without knocking, in characteristic Indian fashion. After greeting me in Sioux, he promptly produced his credentials, which consisted of well-worn papers that had been given him by various high military officers, from General William Selby Harney to General George Crook, and were dated 1854 to 1877. The old man wanted nothing so much as an audience, and the tales of his exploits served to pass the evening." Eastman recorded that “Blue Horse had been, as he claimed, a friend to the white man, for he was one of the first Sioux U.S. Army Indian Scouts, and also one of the first to cross the ocean with Buffalo Bill."
Son of the Shadow-Maker.
Elbridge Ayer Burbank.
In 1898, Chief Blue Horse became friends with the noted artist Elbridge Ayer (E.A.) Burbank while he was visiting the Pine Ridge Agency. Burbank painted sitting portraits of the greatest Native American leaders, including Geronimo, Sitting Bull, Red Cloud and Chief Joseph. Burbank painted more than 1200 portraits of Native Americans from 125 tribes. At the time, Blue Horse was eighty years of age and rode each day on his horse to pose for Burbank, who he called “Son of the Shadow-Maker.” Burbank was also an historian and his fond recollections illuminate Blue Horse. “Hardly a day passed without Blue Horse coming to my studio to visit me. He would sit down and smoke a little, short, strong pipe and gossip with the other Indians present; all the time he was talking he would be fanning himself with the wing of a turkey. His face usually was painted red, and he wore all the Indian clothes he had, with a single feather on his head. He was a thorough Indian, and extremely kind-hearted. His principal object in life was to try to make others happy around him.” Burbank recorded his stories of Chief Blue Horse.
Lizzie Blue Horse.
Blue Horse insisted that Burbank paint four portraits of him. After the first one was finished, Blue Horse's daughter Lizzie Blue Horse was very ill and Blue Horse asked Burbank to his house to see her. Burbank found the girl lying on a pile of blankets dying of consumption and did what he could to comfort her and proposed getting a doctor the next day. But in the morning Blue Horse rode in and said that his daughter had died during the night. As soon as the body was buried, Blue Horse had the house torn down. Blue Horse told Burbank that he would go to a place one hundred miles distant to visit with some other Indians and forget his troubles. Blue Horse asked Burbank to lend him seven dollars to buy calico for one of his daughter’s good friends. Burbank told him that he was too poor to buy calico for other people. “Look here, my friend,” said Blue Horse, “I want that calico to give to my daughter’s friend so that my daughter will be happier in heaven. If you will lend me the money I will pay you by posing for you." Burbank agreed and handed him the seven dollars. Blue Horse said his heart was sick and that he wanted to go to Rosebud, about a hundred miles away, where he could see a different country and new faces that would help him to forget as much as possible his grief. Blue Horse pointed to the position of the sun at nine o’clock in the morning. “In one moon I return,” and with his thumb and forefinger Blue Horse made a circle to indicate the sun. Blue Horse returned exactly when he said he would and found Burbank painting the portrait of another subject. The old chief pointed his finger at Burbank accusingly. “You lie,” he said. Burbank asked him why. “You promised to finish my picture when I came back.” Burbank explained that I could not wait for him but that as soon as he had finished the portrait he was working on he would resume his picture. This satisfied Blue Horse, and Burbank painted three more portraits of him.
A cup of coffee.
Blue Horse invariably dined with Burbank at noon and always had a good appetite. One day, after dinner, Burbank said to Blue Horse: "I notice that you always eat everything in front of you, but you never pass your plate back the second time or ask for another cup of coffee. Why is that? Is it because you cannot eat any more or drink any more coffee. O, yes, he replied, I could eat more, but I thought the twenty-five cents you paid for my dinner was for just what was placed before me. No, I said, the twenty-five cents pays for all you can eat. Hereafter, if one plate is not enough, ask for more, and drink all the coffee you want. All right, he replied, I will. And be did. I also told him to tell his friends this, and suggested that if any white men sitting at his table left anything to eat on their plates before them, that it would be all right for him to gather it up and take it home for his wife and children. It is needless to say that all the Sioux Indians who patronized that hotel afterward got all that was coming to them.” One time Blue Horse was in the Indian trader's store with his little niece, who saw something on the shelves that she very much wanted. Blue Horse had no money, so he took off his old moccasins and gave them to the Indian trader in exchange for what the little girl craved and he walked home barefooted.
Flypaper bad medicine.
Blue Horse came to Burbank's studio one hot day, fanning himself with a big turkey wing. "He sat down on my bed and, not noticing, put his had down on a sheet of sticky flypaper I had placed there. To pull it loose, he grabbed the other end of the flypaper with his other hand, and soon he was tangled up gloriously. Before I could come to his rescue, he had managed to stick the flypaper on his little dog’s back. In no time at all, the pup had dashed around the room, attaching himself to first one object, then another. The situation was funny to everybody but Blue Horse. 'Bad Medicine,' he said in disgust.”
Saving white men in distress.
Chief Blue Horse was known for saving white men in distress and swore in the presence of the Great Spirit ""Wakan Tanka"" that his brown hand had never risen to kill a white man. Blue Horse's friend E.A. Burbank reported: “At my hotel in Pine Ridge I chanced to meet a white Indian trader who owned a store about twenty-five miles from the agency. He said that a good many years before a band of Sioux had captured twelve of his comrades and planned to burn them at the stake. Blue Horse, who lived forty miles distant, heard of their intentions and immediately mounted his horse and rode as fast as he could to where the Indians held the whites captive. The trader said he never saw an Indian or a white man work harder than Blue Horse did that day to save the lives of those twelve men, which he was able to accomplish, and from that time on, he said whenever he met Blue Horse he always gave him money and tobacco in recognition of his aid to white men in distress.” Chief Blue Horse’s Wagluhe village afterward became noted as a place of refuge for all white men in distress.
Blue Horse's blessing to the son of the Shadow-Maker.
“I am now going to leave you, as it were. I hope to meet you again, and I raise my pipe above my head and say, Great Spirit, I pray be good to my friend, the Son of the Shadow-Maker. Toward the pine trees, north, cold winds, treat him kindly toward the rising sun, east, great sun shine on his lodge early every morning toward the place where the Shadow-Maker lives, south, bless your son toward the land of the setting sun, west, waft on the breezes our friend this way. Lowering my pipe of peace, I say, Kind Mother Earth, when you receive my friend into thy maternal bosom, hold him kindly let the howl of the coyote, the roaring of the bears and mountain lions, the cold blasts of winds swaying the tops of the pine trees be a sweet lullaby to him, that shaketh the hand of your friend.”
The last meeting of Chief Blue Horse and son of the Shadow-Maker.
“After finishing my work in the north, I returned to Pine Ridge, and Blue Horse hastened to visit me as before. I became very much attached to him. When I left he held my hand in both his and shook it warmly. His heart was too full of emotion to speak a word. He realized that the chances were we would never see each other again. He died several years ago.”
Chief Blue Horse and the Spirits.
“The Hunka ceremony was mysterious for the Indians. It was good when the Indians did not know the ways of the white man. It made the Indians like one family. Bad Indians could not become Hunka. It was not the white man’s way of teaching. Sometimes many Indians camped together to perform the ceremony. Then there were good times. This was usually in the summer time. The winter was not a good time for the ceremony, because food was not plenty during the winter. When many Indians gathered together for the ceremony, the old men counseled and the young men played games. The women provided plenty to eat. The children were happy and were never hungry. The young people made lover. Many sought a vision, and talked with the spirits. The good spirits attended such gatherings. The bad spirits also come. The Lakotas here practiced this ceremony for many years. It was not always the same. The shamans first learned how to perform it right. These shamans became Oglalas. The other Lakota learned how to perform it from the Oglalas. Other Indians are Hunkas, but they are not full Hunkas like the Oglalas. The young people do not become Hunka now. It is of no use to them. The old people do not pay attention to the Hunka now. The Hunka are not what they were in old times. Some old Indians could perform the ceremony right. An old Indian who wears the gee string and leggings could perform it. He might be afraid to talk like the Indians did before they lived on a reservation. It would not be right to teach the young Indians what was taught to the Hunka in old times. There are some secret things taught to a Hunka. These secrets are not good now. They are not about the spirits. The spirits will not come now. These are the spirits of the skies of the Earth, of the clouds, of the Thunder, of the land of pines, of the coming light of the sunset of the south, of the winds, of the waters, of flying things, of the beasts, of the insects, and of the spider. There are bad spirits also. There are ghosts and the man from the land of the pines. One spirit is stronger than another. One spirit is chief, and can influence all other spirits. These spirits come no more to the Indians of the reservation. It involved things that would not be allowed now. The Oglala did not think these things were wrong, but the white people do. For example a Hunka was taught how to steal horses and steal women from other Indians than Lakota.” “White men have their Bible and their Christ to guide them to the life to come. We Indians have our White Cow traditions and brave deeds. Let us wait, my friend, and see who gets there first.”
The Pan-American Exposition of 1901.
In 1901, Chief Blue Horse attended the Pan-American Exposition, a World’s Fair held in Buffalo, New York, from May 1 through November 2, 1901. Chief Blue Horse was one of the head chiefs of Col. Fred T. Cummins Indian Congress and Wild West Show. Dr. N.W. Wilson, the health officer for the exposition, reported an incident involving Chief Blue Horse and his wife, Council Fire Woman. “One day I found myself suddenly famous among the Indians as a wonder worker fit in rank with the best of their medicine men. The squaw of Blue Horse tumbled over in a faint one afternoon and she was carried into her tepee. The Indians said she was dead. I applied restoratives and in a little while she was alright. Now Blue Horse is a big civil chief in the Sioux Nation, and his wife is of some consequence in Sioux society. So when the Indians saw her come back to life after apparent death, they gave me credit for having worked a miracle. Blue Horse himself believed it and circulated the story.” Blue Horse was so grateful that Dr. Wilson was conferred an honorary degree of medicine man and given the name of “He-Wakes-Them-Up” in a great ceremony at the council house.
The McKinley assassination.
The Pan-American Exposition of 1901 is most remembered because President William McKinley was assassinated by an anarchist, Leon Czolgosz, at the Temple of Music on September 6, 1901. McKinley died eight days later. On Sunday morning, September 15, 1901, President McKinley’s casket was closed and the honor guard placed the casket into a hearse. Close behind the followed President Theodore Roosevelt with Secretary Elihu Root and other members of the Cabinet following. The procession moved through a vast throng to the Buffalo City Hall where the body, lying in state, was viewed by one hundred and fifty thousand people. Toward the end of the afternoon, Indians from the exposition, in their blankets and feathers, followed by their squaws filed by. The Indians liked President McKinley and they had come to see the Great White Father. A few hours before they had sent a wreath of purple astors accompanied by the inscription: “Farewell of Chief Geronimo, Blue Horse, Flat Iron and Red Shirt and the seven hundred braves of the Col. Fred T. Cummins Indian Congress and Wild West Show. Like President Lincoln and Garfield, President McKinley never abused authority except on the side of mercy. The martyred Great White Chief will stand in memory next to the Savior of mankind. We loved him living, we love him still.” As the Indians passed, each of them dropped a white carnation upon the President’s coffin.
The Louisiana Purchase Exposition of 1904.
The Louisiana Purchase Exposition, informally known as the "St. Louis World's Fair", was an international exposition held in St. Louis, Missouri, in 1904. Chief Blue Horse joined Colonel Cummins’ Wild West Indian Congress and Rough Riders of the World and made public appearances at the Exposition. Blue Horse regularly rode the giant observation Ferris Wheel, and at age of 82 and to the delight of the crowds, ascended the sky above in a captive air balloon.
Congress of Indian Educators.
On January 28, 1904, Chief Blue Horse requested employment as a Show Indian for the St. Louis World’s Fair. Initially, S.M. McCowan of the Department of Anthropology replied to Blue Horse that he had no use for him and that it was not the purpose of the government to expend money bringing large numbers of "old Indians" to the Exposition. McCowan discouraged Indians he did not consider educated from speaking or attending the Congress of Indian Educators and distanced himself from anyone who worked in Wild West Shows. However, McCowan made eventually made exceptions to the best-known Native American orators at the St. Louis World's Fair, Chief Blue Horse and Chief Red Cloud, Oglala Lakota, both eighty-three years old, and they were asked to speak at the 1904 Congress of Indian Educators. Their interpreter was Henry Standing Soldier, an educated man who had been a participant in the 1901 Pan American Exposition Wild West Show. Anthropologists lectured and educated Indians held congresses, while Indian students staged band concerts, dance exhibitions, dramatic presentations and marched in parades.
An indignation meeting.
On June 18, 1904, there was an incident when cowboys in the Colonel Cummins’ Wild West Indian Congress and Rough Riders of the World snapped their revolvers in the faces of the Indians as an act of disrespect. “An ‘indignation meeting’ was held by 750 Indians presided over by Chief Blue Horse and Chief Geronimo, and they notified the management that if problems were not addressed vengeance would be handed out.” By September 1904, relations between the Indians and the Cummins Show had much improved.
Final days.
Chief Blue Horse passed to the "Sand Hills" at the Pine Ridge Agency in 1908 at the age of 87. Blue Horse's epitaph was reported by E.A. Burbank in Blue Horse's final letter to the Son of the Shadow-Maker. “If you ever in your travels should meet my Great Father ""Wakan Tanka"", please ask him to remember Blue Horse.”
Joseph Blue Horse.
Joseph Blue Horse, the son of Baldwin Blue Horse, attended the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, from November 1916 through August 1918, and was a bugler and a member of the debating society. In August 1918, he was transferred to the Haskell Institute in Lawrence, Kansas, when Carlisle closed. Joseph Blue Horse was a friend of Major Israel McCreight of Du Bois, Pennsylvania, and full time resident of The Wigwam for three years. A veteran of World War I, Blue Horse joined Miller Brothers 101 Ranch and for many years he was billed as “The World’s Champion Rider”. Later, Blue Horse performed as a musician with the show. During his years at The Wigwam, Blue Horse preferred a traditional tipi to a bedroom in the home and was known affectionately as “Teddy”. Joseph Blue Horse assisted McCreight with estate duties and frequently visited local schools talking to children about Oglala Lakota heritage, singing songs and performing stunts.

</doc>
<doc id="36765797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765797" title="Kalleh-ye Garaz">
Kalleh-ye Garaz

Kalleh-ye Garaz (, also Romanized as Kalleh-ye Garāz) is a village in Maspi Rural District, in the Central District of Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36765805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765805" title="Qadah-e Bala">
Qadah-e Bala

Qadah-e Bala (, also Romanized as Qadaḩ-e Bālā) is a village in Maspi Rural District, in the Central District of Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36765808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765808" title="Varlen Pen">
Varlen Pen

Pen Varlen (; September 29, 1916, Korea; May 26, 1990, Leningrad, USSR) was a Soviet Russian — Korean painter and graphic artist, a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists, lived and worked in Leningrad, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his portrait paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36765815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765815" title="Ontario Highway 22">
Ontario Highway 22

King's Highway 22, commonly referred to as Highway 22, initially as Provincial Highway 22 and currently as Middlesex and Lambton County Road 22, was a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario. The route was decommissioned as a King's Highway in 1991, and later entirely decommissioned in 1998. The highway connected Highway 7 and Highway 79 near Watford to Highway 4 in London. The road has been entirely downloaded.
Route description.
The highway starts at Warwick, intersecting from Highway 7 and Highway 79. For , it is known as Lambton Road 22, then changes to Middlesex Road 22 at Adelaide-Metcalfe, after going through Wisbeach. Here Kerwood Road (Middlesex Road 6) joins the route. At , Highway 81 intersects with the route. Later at , Hickory Street (Middlesex Road 39) intersects with the route, shortly followed by Ilderton Road. At , Komoka Road intersects with the route in Middlesex Centre, followed by Nairn Road (Middlesex Road 17) at . The route continues into the London Boundary of Middlesex Centre at . Here the road becomes Fanshawe Park Road in London. Hyde Park Road intersects with the route at , with Wonderland Road joining the route shortly after at . The route ends at and connects to Highway 4, locally known as Richmond Street.
History.
The highway was built in 1927 as a collector highway to go from Watford to London. In the early 1980s, due to the completion of Highway 402, the road became less popular, until, it was downloaded in 1998. Before the road was downloaded, it was in length. The highway was first called Provincial Highway 22, until it was renamed to King's Highway 22 in 1930. In 1947, the road was shortened by as a more direct road alignment had been found. The last gravel sections on the road were paved in 1952. In 1973, it was re-routed through London.

</doc>
<doc id="36765819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765819" title="Qadah-e Pain">
Qadah-e Pain

Qadah-e Pain (, also Romanized as Qadaḩ-e Pā’īn) is a village in Maspi Rural District, in the Central District of Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36765834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765834" title="Qadah">
Qadah

Qadah () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36765845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765845" title="Siah Khani, Ilam">
Siah Khani, Ilam

Siah Khani (, also Romanized as Sīāh Khānī and Sīāhkhānī and Sīāh Khānī) is a village in Maspi Rural District, in the Central District of Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 121, in 27 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36765847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765847" title="Rodney Jones">
Rodney Jones

Rodney Jones may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36765849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765849" title="Der Jude (magazine)">
Der Jude (magazine)

Der Jude (The Jew) was a German monthly magazine, founded by Martin Buber and Salman Schocken, that was published from 1916 to 1928.
Buber was the publisher, the editors were Max Mayer (1886–1967), Max Mayer Präger (1889–1942), Gustav Krojanker (1891–1945), Ernst Simon, and Siegmund Kaznelson.
"Der Jude" appeared from 1916 to 1928 monthly in the R. Löwit Verlag (Berlin/Vienna). During the last two years it appeared irregularly. The circulation was 3000–5000 copies.
Buber's was the third magazine of this title. Gottfried Selig had published a different magazine from 1768 to 1772, and Gabriel Riesser edited a magazine of the same name from 1832. A fourth magazine of this name was published weekly in New York from 1895 in German.
Martin Buber planned already in 1903-1904 to publish a magazine titled "Der Jude" as ""Revue der jüdischen Moderne"" ("Review of Modern Judaism"), together with Chaim Weizmann, Berthold Feiwel, E. M. Lilien, and Davis Trietsch, as a project of the fledgling publishing house Jüdischer Verlag. A prospectus, composed by Buber, was printed and distributed, but for financial reasons the magazine was not realized.

</doc>
<doc id="36765867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765867" title="Siah Khani">
Siah Khani

Siah Khani or Siahkhani () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36765874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765874" title="Shilab">
Shilab

Shilab (, also Romanized as Shīlāb) is a village in Maspi Rural District, in the Central District of Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36765886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765886" title="Archaeological Museum (Milan)">
Archaeological Museum (Milan)

The Archaeological Museum of Milan ("Civico Museo Archeologico di Milano" in Italian) is located in the ex-convent of the Monastero Maggiore, alongside the ancient church of San Maurizio al Monastero Maggiore, with entrance on Corso Magenta.
The first part of the museum, sited in the original site of Corso Magenta, is dedicated to the history of Mediolanum (ancient Milan) founded in the 4th century BC and conquered by the ancient Romans in 222 BC. In the basement floor there is also a small section about Gandhara's arts.
The inner cloister, where Roman remains (1st-3rd century AD) and two medieval towers are visible, connects the first part of the museum with the new building sited in via Nirone. In this part of the Archaeological Museum of Milan are sited, on four floors, the "Early Middle Ages" section, the "Etruscan" section, the "Ancient Greek" section and the temporary exhibition room.
In the Middle Ages polygonal tower sited in the inner cloister are exposed a Domenico Paladino sculpture donated by the artist to the museum that fits in the frescoed medieval structure.

</doc>
<doc id="36765912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765912" title="Michels Caskey syndrome">
Michels Caskey syndrome

Michels Caskey syndrome is a rare disorder that combines spinal and skeletal abnormalities, especially of the thumbs, with abnormal or absent female reproductive organs. Examples include the absence of a cervix and upper vagina or abnormalities of the uterus or vagina. Symptoms may also include scoliosis and primary amenorrhea. Synonyms include Mullerian aplasia with hypoplastic thumbs, hypoplastic thumb Mullerian aplasia, and Mullerian aplasia with unilateral hypoplasia of the thumbs and skeletal spine deformities.

</doc>
<doc id="36765917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765917" title="Rodolfo González (disambiguation)">
Rodolfo González (disambiguation)

Rodolfo González (born 1986) is a Venezuelan racing driver.
Rodolfo González may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36765918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765918" title="Indira Nagar railway station">
Indira Nagar railway station

Indira Nagar is a railway station on the Chennai MRTS. Located opposite the Institute of Chemical Technology on Rajiv Gandhi Salai (OMR), it exclusively serves the Chennai MRTS. The station can also be accessed through canal bank road, Indira Nagar.
History.
Indira Nagar station was opened on 26 January 2004, as part of the second phase of the Chennai MRTS network.
Structure.
The elevated station is built on the western banks of Buckingham Canal. The length of the platform is 280 m. The station building consists of 1,350 sq m of parking area in its basement.
Service and connections.
Indira Nagar station is the thirteenth station on the MRTS line to Velachery. In the return direction from Velachery, it is currently the fifth station towards Chennai Beach station

</doc>
<doc id="36765922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765922" title="Tumbling Doll of Flesh">
Tumbling Doll of Flesh

Tumbling Doll of Flesh (Niku daruma) is a 1998 pornographic horror film written and directed by Tamakichi Anaru.
Plot.
Shown almost entirely though a stationary camera and a handheld one, the film has a woman named Kana and a man named Kiku being hired to star in an amateur porno being made by two men. As the porn shoot progresses, it incorporates elements of BDSM, such as breast bondage, multiple penetration with dildoes, wax play, flagellation, and an enema. Uncomfortable with how rough the film has gotten, Kana tries to leave, prompting the director, cameraman, and Kiku to knock her out, tie her to a bed, and strip her.
While Kiku rapes the semi-conscious Kana, the director cuts her left leg off with a meat cleaver, and mutilates her tongue with a knife, potato peeler, and shears to stop her screaming. When Kana passes out from the pain, she is injected with drugs to wake her up and keep her conscious. Kana's right arm and remaining leg are severed, and her abdomen is cut open so Kiku can have sex with her innards. After Kiku ejaculates blood-laden semen onto Kana's breasts, the director beats him over the head with the cleaver, and stabs Kana in the face with it. Kiku is then castrated by the director, who makes a phone call while the cameraman continues filming the mangled bodies of their two stars.
Reception.
"Tumbling Doll of Flesh" was referred to as "some of the sickest material ever committed to film" by The Movies Made Me Do It, which gave it a nine out of ten, only criticizing some of the special effects. Severed Cinema said "the majority of this film is pretty boring" but while it lacked in plot and content "it sure as hell makes up for in gore and pure shock value". 
Varied Celluloid merely wrote, "There's certainly nothing to 'enjoy' about it, so what does one do? I'm as stumped as anybody. I will say, if you're looking for gore and filth – this is easily a 5/5, if you're looking for a new direction for horror and something that pushes it to the edge while delivering scary and tense atmosphere – this is not that. This would be a zero out of five on that merit". 

</doc>
<doc id="36765945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765945" title="Edna Henry Lee Turpin">
Edna Henry Lee Turpin

Edna Henry Lee Turpin (1867–1952) was an American author. She was born on July 26, 1867, at Echo Hill, Mecklenburg County, Virginia. She was the daughter of Edward Henry Turpin and Petronella Lee Turpin, but her father died of tuberculosis four months before she was born. Two siblings, Mary Wilson Turpin and Edward Henry Turpin both died in infancy before Edna was born. She spent her childhood on the family farm with her mother and her older brother, Henderson Lee Turpin (1861–1957). She began writing at an early age and, during her fifteenth year, her first short story was accepted for publication. 
She later graduated from Hollins College. Over her lifetime he was a member of numerous professional organizations and societies. She was a Presbyterian. She never married but rather devoted her life to literary pursuits. She died on June 8, 1952, and was buried in Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond, Virginia. 
In addition to her own writing, she also edited and selected a number of collections which included, amongst others, a collection of Grimm's Fairy Tales for primary reader grades in the English language and "The Gold-Bug and Other Selections from the Works of Edgar Allan Poe."
Bibliography.
According to "WorldCat", her book-length publications are 
Agriculture, Its Fundamental Principles. By Andrew MSoule . . . and Edna Henry Lee Turpin. Richmond, Atlanta [etc.: B. F. Johnson Publishing Company, . 320 p. col. front., illus., 3 col. pl. 19 cm.
Copies at ViHi and ViU
Abram's Freedom. By Edna Turpin. Boston, New York, Chicago: The Pilgrim Press, . 32 p. plate. 19 cm.
Ornamental borders. "Reprinted from the Atlantic monthly." "The Plimpton Press, Norwood Mass. U.S.A." Issued in hard and soft covers. Copies at Vi, ViHi, ViLRMWC, ViRU, ViRVCU, and ViU. 
Cotton. New York, Cincinnati American Book Company, [c1924. vi, 266 p. front., illus., plates. 19 cm.
Copies at ViLRMWC and ViU
The Deserted Village, The Traveler, and Other Poems. By Oliver Goldsmith. Ed. by Edna Turpin. New York: C. E. Merrill Co., . 153 p. front. (port.) 17 cm.
Merrill's English texts. Copy at ViU.
Echo Hill. By Edna Turpin. Illustrated by George Richards. New York: The Macmillan Co., 1933. ix, , 230 p. incl. front., illus. 20 cm.
Copy at ViLRMWC
Essays. By Ralph Waldo Emerson. Ed. by Edna Henry Lee Turpin. New York: C. E. Merrill Co. . 336 p. front. (port.) 17 cm.
Merrill's English texts. Copy at ViU.
Fables Every Child Should Know. Richmond: B. F. Johnson Pub. Co., . 96 p. illus. 19 cm.
Graded classics series. Copy at ViU.
The Gold Bug. By Edgar Allan Poe; with introduction, critical opinions, and notes by Edna H. Turpin. New York: Maynard, Merrill, & Co., 1898. 64 p. port. 17 cm.
Maynard's English classic series, no. 204. Copy at ViU.
Happy Acres, Anne Lewis and the Village Full of Cousins. Illustrated by Mary Lane McMillan. New York: The Macmillan Co., 1913. t.p. 1927. 363 p., leaf of plates, illus.
Copy at ViBlVPI
Happy Acres. New York: The Macmillan company, 1922. 3 p.l., 363 p. front., illus. 20 cm.
Copy at ViU
Honey-Sweet. By Edna Turpin; illustrated by Alice Beard. New York: Macmillan, 1911. 316 p. front., 20 cm.
Copy at Vi
The Lee Readers. New York, Cincinnati [etc.]: American Book Company, 1902. 5 v. col. fronts. (v. 3-5) illus. (partly col.) 19 cm.
Copy at ViU
Lilly Jane's Wash-Pot. Virginia Stationery Co., 1917. 2 p. l., 9-18 p. plate.
Copies at ViHi and ViRU
Littling of Gaywood. By Edna Turpin. Drawings by Fritz Eichenberg. New York: Random House, . 5 p. l., 3-265 p. illus. 20 cm.
Illustrated t.-p. and lining-papers. Copies at ViLRMWC and ViRVCU.
Littling of Gaywood. By Edna Turpin. Drawings by Fritz Eichenberg. Richmond: Dietz Press Inc., 1945. 5 p. l., 3-265 p. illus. 20 cm.
Copies at ViHi and ViU 
Lost and Found. Story by Edna Turpin and Catherine T Bryce; pictures by K. Alexander. New York: Nelson & Sons, 1939. 128 p. illus. (part col.) 21 cm.
Copy at Vi
Lost Covers. Edna Turpin. Illustrated by Victor Perard. New York: Random House, 281, [1 p. illus. 20 cm.
Copies at Vi, ViHi and ViU 
The New South, and Other Addresses. By Henry Woodfin Grady. With biography, critical opinions, and explanatory notes, by Edna Henry Lee Turpin. New York: Haskell House, 1969. 136 p. 23 cm.
Copy at Vi
Newson Readers. By Catherine Turner Bryce, Rose Lees Hardy, and Edna Henry Lee Turpin. New York and Chicago: Newson & Company, 1927. v. illus. (part col.) 20 cm.
Copy at ViU
The Old Mine's Secret. By Edna Turpin. Frontispiece by George Wright. New York: Macmillan, 1921. 3 p. l., 288 p. col. front. 20 cm.
Copy at Vi
The Old Mine's Secret; Anne Lewis and Her Village Cousins in War-Time. Frontispiece by George Wright. New York: Macmillan Co., 1938. 288 p. 20 cm.
Copies at ViLRMWC and ViU
Peggy of Roundabout Lane. By Edna Turpin. Illustrated by Alice Beard. New York: The Macmillan Co., 1917. 4 p. l., 310 p. front., plates. 20 cm.
Copy at Vi
Reed's Primary Speller. By Alonzo Reed and Edna H. L. Turpin. New York and Chicago: Charles E. Merrill Co., . 128 p. col. front., ill. 18 cm.
Copy at ViU
A Short History of the American People. New York: The Macmillan Company, 1911. xviii p., 1 l., 478 p. illus., maps. 20 cm.
Copies at Vi and ViU
A Short History of the American People. With an introduction by S. C. Mitchell. Atlanta, Richmond: B. F. Johnson Pub. Co., . xviii, 418, lxxxi p. illus., maps 20 cm.
Copies at Vi and ViU
Sir Roger de Coverley Papers in the Spectator / by Addison, Steele, and Budgell. With notes by Edna H. L. Turpin; with examination questions prepared by Cornelia Beare. New York: Maynard Merrill & Co., c1906. 269 p. 2 port. (incl. front.); 17 cm.
Maynard's English classic series. Special number. Copies at ViLRMWC and ViU.
The Story of Virginia. Text by Edna Turpin. Illus. by Luther Coleman Wells. New York: Random House, [56 p. illus., col. maps (on lining papers). 29 cm.
Juvenile literature. Copies at Vi, ViHi, ViLRMWC and ViU. 
This is Our Land; the Story of Water, Soil, and Other Natural Resources. By Edna Turpin and Alfred LWingo. Boston: Christopher Pub. House, [1954. 71 p. 21 cm.
Copies at Vi, ViRU and ViU
Three Circus Days. By Edna Turpin; pictures by George and Doris Hauman. New York: The Macmillan Company, 1935. 96 p. incl. col. front., col. illus. 19 cm.
Copy at Vi
Three Circus Days. New York: The Macmillan Company, 1948. 96 p. incl. col. front., col. illus. 19 cm.
Copy at ViU
Treasure Mountain. By Edna Turpin . . . illustrated by Robert Amick. New York: The Century Co., 1920. 4 p. l., 3-314 p. front., plates. 20 cm.
Copy at Vi
Treasure Mountain. By Edna Turpin . . . illustrated by Robert Amick. New York: The Century Co., 1921. 4 p. l., 3-314 p. front., plates. 20 cm.
Copy at ViHi
Treasure Mountain. By Edna Turpin. Illustrated by Robert Amick. New York: Appleton-Century, 1935 . 4 p. l., 3-314 p. front., plates. 20 cm.
Copy at ViBlVPI
Wayside Flowers, Poems of the Out-of-Doors. By William Wordsworth, selected and introduced by Edna Turpin, illustrated by Helene Carter. New York: The Macmillan Company, 1931. viii, 76, p. incl. front., illus. 23 cm.
Copies at ViRU, ViRVCU, and ViU
Whistling Jimps. By Edna Turpin. Illustrated by D. G. Summers. New York: The Century Co., 1922. 5 p. l., 3-328 p. front., plates. 19 cm.
Copies at ViLRMWC and ViU
Zickle's Luck. By Edna Turpin, illustrated by Marjorie Peters. New York: Macmillan Company, 1938. 6 p. l., 91 p. illus. 20 cm.
Illustrated lining-papers. Copy at ViLRMWC.
Zickle's Luck. New York: The Macmillan Company, 1946. 6 p. l., 91 p. illus. 20 cm.
Copy at ViU
Zickle's Puppy Dog. By Edna Turpin, illustrated by Arne Lundborg. New York: Greystone Press . 125 p. illus. 20 cm.
Copy at Vi

</doc>
<doc id="36765951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765951" title="Dragan Miletović">
Dragan Miletović

Dragan Miletović (born November 24, 1956) is a former Serbian football player.

</doc>
<doc id="36765957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765957" title="List of Pennsylvania gubernatorial elections">
List of Pennsylvania gubernatorial elections

The election of the Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania occurs when voters in the U.S. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania select the Governor and Lieutenant Governor for the ensuing four years beginning at noon on the third Tuesday of January following the election. Pennsylvania gubernatorial elections were held triennially beginning with the first election in 1790 until 1878. Gubernatorial elections have been held quadrennially since the election of 1882. Gubernatorial general elections are held on Election Day, coinciding with various other federal, state-wide, and local races.
Per Article II of the 1790 Pennsylvania Constitution, gubernatorial elections were held triennially on the second Tuesday of October, with the three-year term commencing on the third Tuesday of December immediately following the election. Incumbents were permitted to serve for a maximum of nine years out of any period of twelve years. Ties were to be resolved, pursuant to the same document, by a joint vote of the Pennsylvania General Assembly, consisting of the House of Representatives and the Senate. The 1874 Pennsylvania Constitution mandated the date of gubernatorial elections to be likewise that of the general election on Election Day in November and extended the term to four years, beginning on the third Tuesday of January following the election. In the original text of the 1874 Constitution, an incumbent Governor was prohibited from running for a second successive term, but this was amended in 1967 to permit an incumbent to do so. The next gubernatorial election in Pennsylvania is scheduled to be held on November 4, 2014.
The list below contains election returns from all sixty-four gubernatorial elections in Pennsylvania sorted by year, beginning with the first in 1790 and ending with the most recent in 2010. Incumbent Governors are listed as well as elected Governors and runner(s)-up in each election, including major third-party candidates (garnering 5% or more of the popular vote). Parties are color-coded to the left of a Governor's or candidate's name according to the key below. The popular vote and percentage margins listed in the "Margin" column are the differences between the total votes received and percentage of the popular vote received by the top two finishers in the corresponding election (i.e. the margin-of-victory of an elected Governor over the nearest competitor).

</doc>
<doc id="36765964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36765964" title="HNK Hajduk Split league record by opponent">
HNK Hajduk Split league record by opponent

HNK Hajduk Split is a Croatian association football club based in Split, which currently competes in the top tier division of Croatian football, Prva HNL. Founded in 1911, they played only friendlies during their first years in existence. Between the early 1920s and 1940, Hajduk regularly participated in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia national championship. The club spent their entire existence playing top-flight football, having been a member of Yugoslav First League from 1946 until its dissolution in 1991. Following the breakup of Yugoslavia the club joined the Croatian First League in its inaugural season in 1992.
Hajduk Split played their inaugural league fixture as part of the Croatian First League on 29 February 1992 against Istra. Since that game they have faced 36 different sides in league football with their most regular opponent having been Dinamo Zagreb.
References.
General

</doc>
<doc id="36766003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766003" title="Dublin City School District">
Dublin City School District

Dublin City School District may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36766021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766021" title="Steamboat Willie (musician)">
Steamboat Willie (musician)

Larry Stoops, better known as "Steamboat Willie" (born c. 1950) is a veteran musician of Dixieland, jazz and ragtime music, specializing in the early twentieth century era of the genres. He and his band perform nightly at Musical Legends Park, in the French Quarter of New Orleans, at the Cafe Beignet.
Early life.
Born in East St. Louis, Illinois, the son of Resal and Edith Stoops, Larry Stoops was playing cornet in a Pentecostal church band by the age of 8, and developed a style he refers to as, "playing fancy." While still a teenager, Stoops went to Tupelo, Mississippi to study at the Pentecostal Bible Institute. He sold Kirby vacuum sweepers and worked at a local grocery for $1 an hour to put himself through school. His first job after graduation was selling Bibles. Married at 20, Stoops was posted as an assistant pastor in Maine, but “I just couldn’t make it. I couldn’t make enough money to feed myself or my wife. One day I got a six-pack of beer, called the pastor, and let them know I quit. (I didn’t even drink.)” Three of Stoops four siblings are members of the clergy.
Career.
Stoops' music career got started while he was working at a car-seat manufacturer in St. Louis. He was given a cornet, practiced with it, and eventually was asked to sit in with band playing at a local country club. Wearing his signature panama hat, Stoops has been a publicly performing musician since 1972, mostly in Louisiana, and especially in New Orleans. Stoops picked up his nickname “Steamboat Willie” during a gig in Biloxi, Mississippi. The Steamboat Willie Jazz Ensemble usually consists of a rotating and varying combination of clarinet, trombone, tuba, string, bass, piano and/or drum players; in addition to Stoops leading on trumpet or cornet. He sings most vocals.
After Hurricane Katrina devastated the city in 2005, Stoops went on a "relief tour" to several university and college towns around the country. Stoops became a resident of New Orleans' Musicians' Village, a Habitat for Humanity project for musicians displaced by Katrina, in 2006.
In 1997, Stoops appeared with Larry Hagman in an episode of the television series, "Orleans", on CBS.

</doc>
<doc id="36766032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766032" title="ATA antibodies">
ATA antibodies

ATA antibodies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36766055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766055" title="Andrei Korobeinik">
Andrei Korobeinik

Andrei Korobeinik (born 5 November 1980) is an Estonian computer programmer and entrepreneur, founder and CEO of Rate Solutions and Serenda Invest. He is better known as creator of Estonian social networking site, Rate.ee. In 2005, the portal was sold to EMT for 39 million Estonian Krones (approximately 2 million EURO), making Andrei one of the youngest Estonian millionaires of that time. 
However in 2012 Serenda Invest; a company that manages Rate.ee was purchased back from EMT which essentially put Andrei back in charge of his web portal. The price of this deal has not been revealed. Korobeinik is the winner of 2008 British Council's International Young Interactive Entrepreneur Award. He is the member of Estonian Dragon's Den jury and does angel investments, mostly into internet start-ups.
Education.
Korobeinik graduated from Pärnu Russian Gymnasium in 1998, same year he started with his undergraduate studies at University of Tartu in maths and information technology.
Other business ventures.
In 2010, he started a new project Cutefund.com. Cutefund.com is a crowdsourced mutual fund, designed to buy and sell stock on behalf of investors. Cutefund.com is currently awaiting for a license to trade stock, until then users can register and compete with each other for free in demo mode. Korobeinik is the author of idea for Flirtic.com, a dating website popular in Eastern Europe and Russia.
Political career.
In the Estonian parliamentary election, 2011, Korobeinik ran for Riigikogu membership for Pärnu County, he got 2057 votes but did not make it to the Parliament. He became a member of the Estonian Parliament starting on 6 April 2011, replacing Rein Lang who is currently serving as Minister of Culture of Estonia. Korobeinik is a chairman of e-parliament committee.
Hobbies.
He is a chess player, and on 20 November 2011 was elected as president of Estonian Chess Union.

</doc>
<doc id="36766059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766059" title="Toshiaki Fushimi">
Toshiaki Fushimi


</doc>
<doc id="36766062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766062" title="List of licences to crenellate">
List of licences to crenellate

The following is a list of licences to crenellate, surviving in the records, issued from the 12th to 16th centuries, which was compiled by the amateur historian Philip Davis and published in the "Castle Studies Group Journal". A few supposed licences sometimes quoted in other sources were questioned by Davis as dubious, deemed forgeries or were rejected entirely, but were still included in his list suitably qualified. 
1200s.
and Cathedral Close). Peter, Bishop of Exeter.

</doc>
<doc id="36766073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766073" title="1968 AFC Youth Championship">
1968 AFC Youth Championship

The AFC Youth Championship 1968 was held in Seoul, South Korea.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
First Round.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Group C.
<br>
Second Round.
Group 1.
<br>
Group 2.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36766085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766085" title="List of historic places in British Columbia">
List of historic places in British Columbia

The following articles list the historic places in the province of British Columbia entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal. They are divided by regional districts.

</doc>
<doc id="36766099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766099" title="Haydn's name">
Haydn's name

The name of the composer Joseph Haydn had many forms, following customs of naming prevalent in his time.
Baptismal names and the use of "Franz".
Haydn was baptized shortly after his birth, on 1 April 1732. The baptismal record indicates that he was given the names Franciscus Josephus; these are Latinized versions of the German names Franz Joseph, often used today to refer to Haydn.
Both "Franz" and "Joseph" are names of saints whose saint's days fell close to Haydn's birth date. The choice of such saint's names followed the common practice of Roman Catholicism (the parents' religion) in Haydn's time. "Franz" designates the saint Francis of Paola, whose saint's day is 2 April, and "Joseph" designates Joseph the husband of Mary, whose saint's day is 19 March.
In later life, Haydn "hardly ever" used the name Franz. Jones explains the situation thus: "As was frequently the practice in Austria, Haydn's parents gave their children two Christian names, the second of which was routinely used."
Foreign-language versions of "Joseph".
Although Haydn normally called himself Joseph Haydn, he also used two foreign-language versions of his name. On legal documents and letters, he often used the Latinized version Josephus. In musical contexts—such as the signature on manuscripts of his music—Haydn referred to himself with the Italian version of his name, which is Giuseppe. Haydn was himself a fluent speaker of Italian (since in his employment he worked constantly with musicians from Italy) and evidently felt that Italian as the "language of music" was the appropriate choice for rendering his name in musical contexts.
Childhood.
As a child Haydn was addressed with a diminutive form of his name, Sepperl. This form employs the Austrian diminutive suffix "-erl", seen elsewhere, for instance, in the childhood name of Mozart's sister Nannerl. The base form "Sepp" likely originates in an infantile pronunciation of the second syllable of "Joseph".
Modern usage.
Contemporary practice by English-language writers concerning Haydn's name varies, particularly in the (ahistorical) use of his first name. Some commercial sources, for example on recordings and published scores, employ Franz Joseph Haydn. Other publishers, and most scholarly researchers, follow Haydn's own practice and omit the "Franz". Haydn scholar James Webster, in the opening of his article on Haydn in the New Grove, goes so far as to encourage his readers to drop the "Franz": "Neither nor his contemporaries used the name Franz, and there is no reason to do so today."
The patterns of English usage can be observed in the reports of the Google Ngram Viewer, which analyzes a large corpus of books, matches particular sequences of characters and gives the results on a year-by-year basis. According to the Ngram Viewer counts, "Franz Joseph Haydn" was not used in English-language books at all before about 1860, but since then it has undergone a gentle ascent and is to this day a solid minority choice, though still falling well behind the most frequent usage, "Joseph Haydn".
English-language authors also occasionally use "Josef Haydn" (with or without "Franz"). The spelling of "Joseph" with an "f" was not found in Haydn's day but is an adaptation of "Joseph" to what is now the normal spelling for this name in German. The change within German to "Josef" can be seen in the Ngram Viewer data for German-language books, where "Josef Haydn" starts to appear only around 1860, long after Haydn's lifetime (indeed, according the same source, the spelling "Josef" as applied to any person is largely a post-1860 development). 
Even in German-language works, "Josef" is still a minority choice in referring to the composer, as authors tend to favor the historical spelling. For German books "Josef" peaked around the end of World War II and plunged to a low but steady level shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="36766101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766101" title="Abdi Jama">
Abdi Jama

Abdi Jama (born 1 November 1982) is a British wheelchair basketball player. He was born in Burao, northwestern Somalia and currently lives in Liverpool. He was selected to play for Team GB in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Personal life.
Jama was born on 1 November 1982 in Burao, in northwestern Somalia. He currently lives in Liverpool, England and has 31 brothers and sisters. His family moved from Somalia to Toxteth in Liverpool due to the wars in Somalia. As a child, Jama was left paralysed at the age of 14. He thought that he could not have a sporting career, until he was introduced to wheelchair basketball by Ade Orogbemi. He is a 1 point player
Wheelchair basketball.
Jama was introduced to wheelchair basketball by Ade Orogbemi, who was playing for Team GB at the time. Orogbemi went to Jama's school to run a taster session of wheelchair basketball. Jama later became a team-mate of Orogbemi in Team GB. He joined the Liverpool Vikings shortly after. In his career, Jama has represented Great Britain at the 2008 Summer Paralympic Games in Beijing, where his team won bronze. He has played for clubs in Italy and Australia. He currently plays for and trains with the Wolverhampton Rhinos.
In 2007, Jama played in his first championship, the 2007 European Wheelchair Basketball Championships in Wetzlar, where his team won silver. He participated in the 2008 Beijing Summer Paralympic Games for Team GB. The following year he played in the 2009 European Championships in Adana, southern Turkey, where, along with his team, won bronze. In 2010, Jama participated in the 2010 World Wheelchair Basketball Championships in Birmingham for Great Britain. Great Britain came fifth after losing 50—59 to France in the quarter-finals. In the 2011 European Championships in Nazareth, Israel, along with his team, he won gold.

</doc>
<doc id="36766128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766128" title="Tim Burns (writer)">
Tim Burns (writer)

Tim Burns is a Canadian writer and producer for Canadian and American television; more popularly known as the show runner/executive producer of the Teletoon-Disney Channel shared, supernatural comedy-drama series, "My Babysitter's a Vampire" and for writing its TV pilot film. He was also supervising writer of the third season of "Crank Yankers" and was a composer on "The Sunny Side Up Show".
Career.
Tim Burns began his writing career writing an episode of "The Jim Henson Hour" in 1989, two years later he created the sketch comedy "The Idiot Box" with Alex Winter and Tom Stern. He portrayed Frogman in the movie "Freaked", also wrote the soundtracks "Wienerschnitzel Polka", and "Freekz!" That's What They Call Us!, along with writing and performing the song "Pick-A-Freek". Burns wrote two episodes of "Blackfly" and was supervising producer for one episode.
Burns also began composing in 1996 with "Hello Mrs. Cherrywinkle", and other shows like "The Good Night Show", "Saul of the Mole Men", and "The Sunny Side Up Show" from 2007 until 2009. He also worked on soundtracks for "Nancy Nancy", "Young Person's Guide to History". Burns wrote an episode of "" in 2008, "Destroy Malevolence". In 2010 he wrote the teleplay and story for the Teletoon TV movie, "My Babysitter's a Vampire", when the movie was became a series, he became executive producer of the series and wrote the series premiere episode along with two other episodes so far.

</doc>
<doc id="36766129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766129" title="Double Xposure">
Double Xposure

Double Xposure is a 2012 Chinese psychological thriller film directed by Li Yu starring Fan Bingbing and Feng Shaofeng. Upon release, "Double Xposure" became a commercial success, earning over ¥100 million in mainland China, and that made Li Yu the 52nd director whose single film's box office was more than ¥100 million.
Plot.
When Song Qi stumbles upon her boyfriend, Liu Dong's (Feng Shaofeng) affair with her best friend, Xiaoxi (Huo Siyan), her life quickly starts falling apart and she is subsequently drawn into revenge and murder. Though all is not as it seems and Song Qi will have to embark on a twisted journey into her past and the very depths of her own mind.
Song Qi confronts Xiaoxi about her affair with her boyfriend, in which Xiaoxi states that Liu Dong really loves her instend of Song Qi. Song Qi starts verbally and physically abusing Xiaoxi, and Xiaoxi finally breaks apart and calls Liu Dong. Song Qi becomes murderous and used an orange scarf of Xiaoxi to strangle her to death.
Song Qi comes back to Xiaoxi's house at night and buries her underneath bricks in her garden. She then confronts her boyfriend, Liu Dong, also about the affair. Liu Dong denies at first but then he admits to liking Xiaoxi. Song Qi weeps saddenly and the two's love relationship takes a harsh downward spiral.
A policeman, Liu Jian (Fang Li), visits Song Qi after a few days to question about Xiaoxi's sudden disappearance and also her whereabouts. Song Qi denies that she know where Xiaoxi is. The police remains suspicious, but he leaves. Song Qi starts having hallucinations and nightmares at night of Xiaoxi visiting her and haunting her. A few more days pass and Liu Dong is also suspicious about Song Qi. He confronts her and shows her the orange scarf that Song Qi choked Xiaoxi with. He claims that the orange scarf's patterns is askew and he will show the police about it. Song Qi is terrified and she tries to take it back, but she fails. Liu Dong shows the orange scarf to Liu Jian the next day.
Song Qi then makes a run for it when she stumbles into Liu Dong showing the orange scarf to the Liu Jian. She drives into the wilderness to a lake. She jumps into the lake to swim but she quickly gets out when she saw a hallucination of Xiaoxi swimming also in the lake. Later, she eats at a restaurant when she saw Liu Jian coming into the restaurant and questioning people, presumably about her. She hides and runs out the restaurant via the kitchens. She stumbles in the forest and knocks her head on a tree, creating a bloody mark on her head.
She finds her car and starts to drive rapidly away when she suddenly runs over Liu Jiang coming out the woods. Song Qi climbs out the car and checks on Liu Jiang only to see that he is dead. She weeps and fells asleep. When she awakes, she sees a female policewoman shaking her. Song Qi says to the policewoman that she ran over a policeman named Liu Jian except there is no body and no evidence of damage on the her car's hood. The policewoman takes her to the station where she finds out that there is no officer in the police station named Liu Jian. She then finds out that her boyfriend, Liu Dong, is not real and that her best friend, Xiaoxi, is alive and is on a holiday abroad.
Song Qi discovers that everything happening before was actually hallucinations and was really a replay of what happened before in her life. When Song Qi was little, she witnessed her mother, Wang Meiling (Kong Wei), being strangled by her father, Wang Teihui (Yao An-Lian). Her father had used an orange scarf to commit the murder. He had done it out of anger when he found out that Meiling was having an affair with their lawyer, Liu Jian (Fang Li). He then storms away and disappears presumed dead by everyone.
Song Qi was then adopted by Liu Jian. Liu Jian had a son named Liu Dong in which Song Qi was deeply in love with. After many years when Song Qi and Liu Dong was finished with college, Liu Jian decided to take a trip alone to visit Song Qi's biological father, Teihui. On the way to Xinjiang, he was in an car accident and died. Song Qi was ballistic when she found out and it was then she went crazy and started having hallucinations. She broke away from the real Liu Dong and started having a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship with a fake Liu Dong she made up in her mind but believed to be real.
When she finally found out about her father, he was dying. He expressed immense regret over what he did and wishes she would take his ashes with her. Song Qi then puts his cremation urn with her mother's.
She finally decides to search for the real Liu Dong. When she finally finds him at the beach in Qinghuangdao, gazing into the sea, she taps him on the shoulder in which he responded by turning around. They both express longing and love for each other and embraces. Liu Dong states, "You have been away for so long". Finally, Song Qi answered with, "Actually, you were with me the whole time".
Technical Details.
The film was digitally shot using the Arri Alexa camera along with ARRI master prime and Alura zoom lenses by German cinematographer Florian Zinke who worked as second cinematographer for Li Yu's previous film, Buddha Mountain. In addition, flashback sequences were shot on 16mm film. Scratches and dust were deliberately left on the 16mm scan and barely graded during post production to achieve a stylized look. The film's aspect ratio is 2.40:1.
Promotion.
To promote this film, Fan Bingbing went to more than 20 cinemas in different cities across China, including Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Chengdu, Wuhan. She also appeared on 14 magazines' covers and the media called her the first lady of the National Day Holiday.
Reception.
Box office.
The film had a Chinese domestic gross of RMB 108,720,000, and that was a huge commercial success compared with the budget RMB 45,000,000.
Critical reception.
This film received mixed reviews. It got 6.2 score based upon 65854 users' ratings in the Chinese domestic movie website Douban, and got 6.5 score based upon 4021 users' ratings in another Chinese domestic movie website "Mtime.com". But the film critics gave high praise to Fan Bingbing's performance.

</doc>
<doc id="36766134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766134" title="Stepan Privedentsev">
Stepan Privedentsev

Stepan Ivanovich Privedentsev (; January 5, 1916, Makiivka, Russian Empire; November 7, 1990, Leningrad, USSR) was a Soviet Russian painter, a member of the Leningrad Union of Artists, who lived and worked in Leningrad, regarded as one of representatives of the Leningrad school of painting, most famous for his genre and landscape paintings.

</doc>
<doc id="36766159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766159" title="Goran Šušnjara">
Goran Šušnjara

Goran Šušnjara (born 29 May 1958 in Split, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian former midfielder who played for Hajduk Split.

</doc>
<doc id="36766169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766169" title="Vermont (community), Wisconsin">
Vermont (community), Wisconsin

Vermont is an unincorporated community in the town of Vermont, Dane County, Wisconsin, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36766181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766181" title="Taft, Tennessee">
Taft, Tennessee

Taft is an unincorporated community in Lincoln County, Tennessee. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 2,524, compared to 2,340 in 2000.
Demographics.
As of 2010 there were 2,524 people and 956 households. The racial makeup is 97% White, 0.01% Black, 0.03% Hispanic, 0.005% Asian, and 0.09% Indian. The median age is 41 years. The average household income is $34,667.

</doc>
<doc id="36766191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766191" title="C. David Breeden">
C. David Breeden

C. David Breeden was an American sculptor and was born on May 29, 1938, in Fairfax, Virginia, and died on September 12, 2006.
His early works were created in his hometown of Manassas, Virginia, where he participated in the family trade of land development, and attended Greenbriar Military School in Lewisburg, West Virginia and Carnegie-Mellon Institute in Pittsburgh. He lived in Brazil and Botswana before coming to Charlottesville in 1974, where he became a well-known figure in the local arts scene. He lived and acted Biscuit Run, his studio and house, south of town.
His media ranged from native Virginia soapstone, stained glass, metal, and concrete to esoteric media collected at auctions and in scrapyards.
The monumental works of David Breeden stand before courthouses in Roanoke and Charlottesville, Virginia and at Universities such as Penn State at York and the University of Virginia. They adorn cityscapes in Pittsburgh, Charlottesville, Negril, (Jamaica) and St. John's (Antigua). They are made of soapstone, dalle de verre glass and fiberglass mortar. Breeden’s legacy is still on display at Biscuit Run’s gallery and in private collections around the world.
http://www.biscuitrun.com/studiohistory.html

</doc>
<doc id="36766238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766238" title="Rubén Galván">
Rubén Galván

Rubén Galván may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36766253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766253" title="Lou Galloway">
Lou Galloway

Louisa Sara Galloway (born January 7, 1942) is a former volleyball player. She played for the United States national team at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36766266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766266" title="Ante Rumora">
Ante Rumora

Ante Rumora (born 4 July 1960 in SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian former football defender who played for Dinamo Zagreb.

</doc>
<doc id="36766269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766269" title="1969 AFC Youth Championship">
1969 AFC Youth Championship

The AFC Youth Championship 1969 was held in Bangkok, Thailand.
Teams.
The following teams entered the tournament:
Group Stage.
Group A.
<br>
Group B.
<br>
Group C.
<br>
Group D.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36766270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766270" title="Julie Anne San Jose (album)">
Julie Anne San Jose (album)

Julie Anne San Jose is the debut self-titled studio album of Filipino singer and actress Julie Anne San Jose, released in iTunes on August 10, 2012 and in Compact Discs on August 15, 2012 by GMA Records.
Singles.
"I'll Be There" was released as the first single and was used as the theme song for the South Korean TV series "Lie To Me" by GMA-7. "I'll Be There" is the first ever OPM single to reach the "Platinum Digital Single Record Award" for the outstanding digital sales exceeding 245,000+ downloads. The single is now certified 4x Platinum by Philippine Association of the Record Industry.
"Enough" was released as the second single on September 30, 2012. The music video was directed by Mark Reyes and was shot in San Francisco, California, USA.
"Bakit Ngayon" was released as the third single and was used as the theme song for the South Korean TV series "The Greatest Love" by GMA-7.
"For Everything" was released as the fourth single and was used as the theme song for the South Korean TV series "My Daughter Seo-young" by GMA-7.

</doc>
<doc id="36766304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766304" title="Barbara Harwerth">
Barbara Harwerth

Barbara Jean Harwerth (born March 6, 1941) is a former volleyball player. Born in La Crosse, Wisconsin, she played for the United States national team at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36766305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766305" title="Lambda Equulei">
Lambda Equulei

Lambda Equulei is a double star system in the constellation of Equuleus. The main component is a F-type main sequence star.

</doc>
<doc id="36766307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766307" title="Born Reckless (1937 film)">
Born Reckless (1937 film)

Born Reckless is a 1937 gangster film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and Gustav Machatý (St. Clair received sole directorial credit) and starring Brian Donlevy and Rochelle Hudson. Donlevy plays a race-car champion who infiltrates a mob-run taxi cab company. Barton MacLane plays the chief mobster.
Production.
Filming occurred at the Fox studio and at Union Station in downtown Los Angeles. During filming, Donlevy injured his hand, necessitating that two fingers be bandaged. The bandaged hand had to be concealed throughout filming, though it is visible at the end of the film. Former stars of the silent era Jack Mulhall, Joyce Compton and Mary McLaren have uncredited bit parts.

</doc>
<doc id="36766349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766349" title="AIM Academy">
AIM Academy

AIM Academy is an independent co-educational college prep school serving bright students with language-based learning differences in grades 1-12. AIM was founded in 2006 and moved to its current location in Whitemarsh, Pennsylvania in 2012.
Location.
The campus is located in Whitemarsh, PA across the street from Septa’s R-6 Miquon station. It is 4 miles from Exit 16A on Rte. 476 and 4 miles from exit 332 on Rte. 76 (Schuylkill Expressway). Students come from Philadelphia and its surrounding suburban communities.
Campus.
The school is located in a century old brick building which originally housed a mill. The 60,000 sq. feet interior was uniquely designed and technologically enhanced in 2012 and includes classrooms, science labs, art studios, Global Resource Center and a dining facility that accommodates family style dining and Mark Vetri’s “Eatiquette” program. A turf field and playground were also added in 2012.
History.
AIM Academy was founded in 2006 by Pat Roberts and Nancy Blair to serve bright children with language-based learning differences in the Philadelphia area. They modeled the new school after The Lab School in Washington. When they opened their doors, they enrolled 27 students. Seven years later the school grew to 253 students in grades 1-12, with plans to expand to 300 in five years. The school was originally located in Manayunk, Philadelphia, PA and called Academy in Manayunk. In response to their increasing student population, the school moved in 2012 to a newly renovated and technologically enhanced school building. The school was then renamed AIM Academy.
Enrollment.
253 students in grades 1-12.
Academics.
AIM is a research-to-practice school which uses evidenced-based intervention strategies in the areas where children with language-based learning disabilities need support while also offering challenging educational opportunities.
The curriculum includes reading, writing, English, math, science, technology, history, art, physical education and for high school students, Latin. Junior and Senior honors students have the opportunity to take college courses for credit. 
College placement is 100%.
Accreditations and associations.
AIM is a member of the National Association of Independent Schools (NAIS), The Pennsylvania Association of Independent Schools (PAIS), The Association of Delaware Valley Independent Schools (ADVIS), The International Dyslexia Association (IDA), The Pennsylvania Branch of the International Dyslexia Association (PBIDA), and is a Wilson Accredited Partner School, a LETRS Affiliate Site, and a RAVE-O Training Site.
Summer program.
AIM offers a four week summer program for students in grades 1-12 offering support in math and literacy and for older students SAT and ACT prep.

</doc>
<doc id="36766354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766354" title="Sergei Kuzmin">
Sergei Kuzmin

Sergei Kuzmin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36766367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766367" title="National Institute of Technology Delhi">
National Institute of Technology Delhi

The National Institute Of Technology Delhi (abbreviated NIT Delhi or NITD)(, NITD) is a public engineering institution located in Delhi, India. It has been declared as an Institute of National Importance by an act of Parliament of India. It is one of the NITs along with other National Institute of Technology institutions in India.
History.
The National Institute of Technology, Delhi is one of ten newly set up NITs during the 11th Five Year Plan by the Ministry of Human Resources Development (HRD). The first batch of students was admitted and academic activities of NIT Delhi were started in the year 2010-11. Since inception of NIT Delhi, for the first two years the academic activities were carried out at National Institute of Technology, Warangal, the mentor institute for NIT Delhi.
Campus.
Since inception of NIT Delhi, for the first two years the academic activities were carried out at NIT Warangal, the mentor institute for NIT Delhi. From the academic year 2012-2013, Govt. of Delhi provided temporary space at Integrated Institute of Technology,Sector-9, Dwarka, Delhi up to Feb, 17th 2014. NIT Delhi has been allotted permanent campus on NH-1, about 51 acres just behind the Bakoli Crossing bus stand. A road is coming up on the southern side of the institute's allocated land. On the northern side is located the Prasar Bharti transmission station. The plan for the layout of the campus has been finalized. Till the time campus is built classes will be held in IAMR campus, sector 7, Narela.
Organization and administration.
The rules, regulations and recommendations for the functioning of all NITs are decided by the NIT Council. The members of the council consist of representatives of all NITs and the Ministry of HRD. The governance of NIT Delhi is in the hands of the NIT Delhi Board of Governors. The director of the institute is an ex-officio member of the Board. It decides on all the aspects of running of the institute including curriculum, faculty, etc.
Academics.
Admissions.
National Admissions.
The admissions to the B. Tech program of the institute is solely carried out through the Joint Entrance Exam (Main) organised by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) on the directions of the Ministry of Human Resource Develpoment, Government of India. The seats are allotted by the Central Seat Allocation Board (CSAB). Fifty percent of seats are reserved under Home State category for Delhi and Chandigarh students. The remaining fifty percent seats are filled by students of other states.
International Admissions.
Admissions for foreign nationals is carried out by Direct Admission for Students Abroad (DASA) under the Ministry of HRD. The admissions are on the basis of the SAT score of the eligible candidates. The number of seats available for foreign nationals in each branch at NITD is 4 and these are over and above the intake (currently 60) of each branch.
Branches.
NIT Delhi started admitting students from the academic session 2010-11 with an intake of 30 students in each of the following branches of Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) programmes:-
Intake at UG level enhanced to 60 w.e.f. 2013-14.
NITD started M.Tech. In Electronics and Communication Engineering w.e.f. 2013-14.
NITD started Doctoral programmes w.e.f. 2014.
NITD is going to start M.Tech. In Computer Science and Engineering with specialisation in Analytics w.e.f. 2014-15.
In near future NIT Delhi plans to offer more programmes and disciplines of studies and to offer Masters and Doctoral programmes in all disciplines of interest to the institute with overall strength of 20,000 students.
Departments.
Currently, the following four departments are functioning in the institute:-
Library.
The Central Library, NITD was established in the year 2012 (10 June 2012) in Dwarka to facilitate the access to information resources to faculty and students of the Institute. It moved to its present location IAMR Campus, Narela Institutional Area on 18th February 2014. It is housed on the first floor of the building with beautiful surroundings and is in midst of the campus which is easily accessible from all departments and hostels. All the faculty members, students and staff of the Institute are entitled to access all the library facilities and services. The library is growing rapidly with exponential increase in number and type of collection to serve the information needs of the clientele in the field of Social Sciences & Humanities and Engineering & Physical Sciences. The automation of library service is also being carried out through RFID-cum-library card.
Computer Centre.
The Computer Centre, NITD was established on 18/02/2014, to cater to the computational requirements of the Institute. 
The Computer Centre maintains and manages WiFi facility through rack mounted blade servers in the campus having High speed (single mode) fiber backbone, managed by Layer 4 Switches providing 250 Mbps (1:1) bandwidth Speed. These networking facilities are also extended to Hostel and Residential areas.
Student Life.
Halls of Residence.
The hostels of the institute are located within the IAMR campus and in the residential quarters of the nearby Satyawadi Raja Harish Chandra Hospital. Currently, first year students are being accommodated in the Hospital's quarters while rest of the students are accommodate in the IAMR premises. Another hostel of the institute is located at YWCA, Rohini which is solely used for accommodation of girl students. Mess facility is available in all the premises.
Buses are provided for the transportation of the girl students in Rohini to-and-from the Institute premises. One side journey takes about an hour. Bus facility is also provided for day scholar students to-and-from Jahangirpuri metro staion to the institute. The journey takes about 20 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="36766386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766386" title="Euroscaptor subanura">
Euroscaptor subanura

Euroscaptor subanura is a species of talpine mole. It is found in Vietnam. 
The new species was first identified in December 2008 in the foothills of the Tam Dao mountains in northern Vietnam. At the time of the formal description of the new species in 2012, only nine specimens had been collected, including three already held at the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology, but not previously identified as belonging to a new species. They were confirmed as a new species both from their unique appearance, and from karyotypic analysis.
The mole lives in deciduous forest among limestone hills between about elevation. They construct large mole hills, and are thought to be similar to other talpine moles in their habits. They are small and slender moles, with a head-body length of and weighing . They have a slender, hairless, snout with many whisker-like protuberances around the nostrils. The tail is extremely short, only in length, and barely visible beyond the animal's fur. This remarkably short tail, said to "resemble a wart" in the original paper, is thought to be diagnostic for the species, and is the source of its scientific name, "subanura", which means "almost tail-less".
The closest living relative of "Euroscaptor subanura" is thought to be the small-toothed mole of southern Vietnam.

</doc>
<doc id="36766401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766401" title="Želimir Vidović">
Želimir Vidović

Želimir K. Vidović (17 November 1953 – 17 May 1992) was a Bosnian footballer. He was killed during the Siege of Sarajevo while transporting wounded citizens to the nearby hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="36766402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766402" title="Ernst Hallier">
Ernst Hallier

Ernst Hallier (15 November 1831, Hamburg – 19 December 1904, Dachau) was a German botanist and mycologist.
As a young man he was trained as a gardener, later studying botany at the Universities of Berlin, Jena and Göttingen. From 1858 he served as an instructor at the Pharmaceutical Institute in Jena, where in 1860 he obtained his habilitation. In 1865 he became an associate professor, resigning his professorship 19 years later (1884).
Written works.
He published revisions of Wilhelm Daniel Joseph Koch's ""Taschenbuch der deutschen und schweizerischen Flora"" (Handbook of German and Swiss Flora) and ""Synopsis florae germanicae et helveticae"" (3rd edition, 1890 ff.). He was also responsible for a revision of Schlechtendal, Langethal & Schenk's ""Flora von Deutschland"" (5th edition, Gera 1880–1888, 30 volumes). The following are some of his original botanical writings: 
Hallier was a disciple of the philosophy of Jakob Friedrich Fries (1773-1843), and was the author of several philosophical writings:

</doc>
<doc id="36766405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766405" title="List of historic places in Alberta">
List of historic places in Alberta

This article is a list of historic places in the province of Alberta entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.

</doc>
<doc id="36766422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766422" title="Gail O'Rourke">
Gail O'Rourke

Gail O'Rourke Wong (December 23, 1942 – April 3, 2000) was a volleyball player. She played for the United States national team at the 1964 Summer Olympics and was an All-American at Marymount College in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="36766429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766429" title="Xavier Guerrero">
Xavier Guerrero

Xavier Guerrero (b. December 3, 1896 San Pedro de las Colonias, Coahuila – d. June 29, 1974 Mexico City) was one of the pioneers of the Mexican muralism movement in the early 20th century. He learned painting working with his father, who worked in masonry and decorating, with evidence that his ability was mostly self-taught. In 1912, he moved to Guadalajara and began painting murals, moving to Mexico City in 1919 just as the muralism movement was about to begin. Most of his work was in collaboration with or subordinate to other painters such as Diego Rivera and David Alfaro Siqueiros, working at the San Ildefonso College, the Secretaría de Educación Pública building and the Universidad Autónoma de Chapingo; however, much of his other work has been lost. While best known for his mural work, his later canvas work is considered to be better.
Life.
Xavier Guerrero was born in 1896 with the name Javier Guerrero Saucedo Francisco, using the variant “Xavier Guerrero” as his professional name. He was born in San Pedro de las Colonias, Coahuila to Toalul Guerrero and Marion Saucedo.
His father was a bricklayer, painter and decorator doing work at haciendas, with Xavier involved his father’s trade early in life, learning aesthetics and painting techniques. As a child, he learned to mix create paint as well as make cement and mortar, with his ability to paint in watercolors recognized when he was very young. 
Already noted for his work in watercolors, he moved to Guadalajara in 1912 where he met painters, musicians, sculptors and journalists at a location called Centro Bohemio, one of the centers of the start of the Mexican muralism movement. Jean Charlot was one of his best friends. In the 1920s, he had a relationship with photographer Tina Modotti of whom he did a portrait in 1928. For a time he lived with Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo.
Modotti introduced Guerrero to Stalinist thought and he became politically active with the communist movement. He became a lifelong supporter of socialist and communist politics. He founded the "El Machete", a publication of the Mexican Communist Party along with David Alfaro Siqueiros in 1924 and the two also founded the Sindicato de Obreros Técnicos, Pintores y Escultores union. His work in politics and journalist took him to various parts of the world, including the Soviet Union, where he went in 1927 to attend the Lomonosov University.
In the 1950s he met and married Cuban designer Clara Porset, who had her own professional career working with architects such as Juan Sordo Madaleno, Luis Barragán, Mario Pani and Enrique del Moral.
Guerrero’s last residence was on Calle del Hipo in the San Ángel neighborhood of Mexico City. He died in Mexico City on June 29, 1974 at age 77 and was buried at the Panteón Jardín.
Career.
Xavier Guerrero is one of the most important artists from the state of Coahuila but he is relatively unknown, even in his home state as he did not achieve the level of fame that a number of his contemporaries did. However, he was one of the pioneers of the Mexican muralism movement along with Diego Rivera, José Clemente Orozco and David Alfaro Siqueiros. In 1919, he signed a petition, along with other artists, requesting that President Venustiano Carranza provide facilities for the creation and promotion of Mexican art, just before what is considered to be the official start of the Mexican muralism movement with the efforts of José Vasconcelos. One reason for his obscurity is that much of his mural work has disappeared, with the largest surviving collections found in Guadalajara and the Universidad Autónoma de Chapingo in the State of Mexico.
He began to paint murals in Guadalajara, generally with biblical topics, rural landscapes, allegories, and decorative perimeters He created his first mural in 1912 on a building in Jalisco called the Palacio de las Vacas when he was only sixteen years old. From 1913 to 1914 he created a fresco on the ceiling of the Hospital de San Camilo representing the resurrection of Christ. In 1919, he moved to Mexico City to painting the cupola of the former Monastery del Carmen and researched pre Hispanic fresco techniques.
Another reason for his obscurity is that much of his work was done in collaboration with or in subordination to other artists. He worked with Roberto Montenegro at the former San Pedro y San Pablo monastery on the "El arbol de la vida" mural and the design of the stained glass windows "El Jarabe Tapatío" and "La vendedora de pericos". He also designed the stained glass window with the seal of the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México in the same building with Jorge Enciso. In 1921, Guerrero met Diego Rivera and became one of the artists to paint the San Ildefonso College building, then the Escuela Nacional Preparatoria and the Anfiteatro Bolivar, mostly done in encaustics. Under Rivera and Siqueiros, he became one of the painters of the Secretaría de Educación Pública building along with Amado de la Cueva and Pablo O'Higgins. Despite the subordinate position, he was the one to teach Rivera how to prepare walls for fresco work. He assisted on works by José Clemente Orozco, Carlos Mérida, Miguel Covarrubias and Adolfo Best Maugard. With Gabriel Fernández Ledesma he designed the wainscot made of Talavera tiles for the mural work titled "Zodiaco" in 1921.
Much of his mural work was done at the Universidad Autónoma de Chapingo, an agricultural college from 1923 to 1927. He worked on the six pediments of the Parthenon building at the same time Rivera was painting the interior of the school’s former chapel. The pediments were painted with allegories of humanity’s relationship to the fruit of the field, which also contain Communist symbols. These murals were restored in 2006. He also did a twenty two panel mural at the old Director’s House, which was demolished in the 1960s. These panels were moved beforehand with five on permanent display at the Museo Nacional de Agricultura on the campus and the others in the possible of the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes. In total, Chapingo has twenty three fresco panels, one oil portrait, one pencil drawing and sculptured reliefs of his. 
From the 1930s on, his career mostly concentrated on canvas work, which he is considered better at but did not bring him the recognition of his mural work. However, from 1940 to 1942, he worked with David Siqueiros on a mural in Chillán, Chile called "Muerte al invasor" at the Pedro Aguierre Cerda Library of the Escuela México. He painted the fresco panels called "De México a Chile" on the lobby of the same building. They underwent restoration in 2009 but were damaged by an earthquake in 2010. The Chillan murals became a major tourist attraction for the city.
Later murals also include "Motivos mexicanos" at the house of José Guadalupe Zuno and "El día y la noche" at the Ermita Cinema in Tacubaya in the 1950s. He also painted murals at a residence in Guadalajara and at the Club de la Unión de Mecánicos, but only fragments remain. 
Recogniztions include one major prize, first place at the International Competition of Contemporary Furniture Design sponsored by the Museum of Modern Art in New York. He was also accepted as a member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana. He had a large exhibition at the Museo de Arte Moderno in Mexico City in 1972. In 2002, the state of Coahuila held a retrospective of his work called “Entre Torreón y San Pedro, homenajo al maestro Xavier Guerrero.
Artistry.
During his career, Guerrero did canvas work, graphic art and mural painting. While his mural work is his best known, his canvas work is considered to be better and he had more success with it during his lifetime. At the time, his murals were considered to have a “weak” quality, but his later canvas work shows great refinement in his technique. His most significant canvas work is a self-portrait from 1947 in which a blood-red color dominates. Despite this, Rivera considered him a master of al fresco mural techniques, and Jean Charlot called him " a master in all that involves climbing and painting houses and walls" as he taught mural and wall preparation techniques to both artists.
His mural work was first influenced by his childhood experienced with masonry and decoration and has a folk quality to it. His work is considered to blur the distinction between fine art, folk art and handcrafts. There is evidence that much of his painting ability was self-taught. His work in murals was mostly associated with the Mexican muralism movement, even though his travels allowed him to see other painting styles, he stuck with the Realism that was developing in Mexico. His mural themes include the history, suffering, labor and aspirations of the Mexican people. Like many of the muralists, he thought of art as a means of social transformation to liberate the oppressed classes, but he did find much of the movement’s overt political character alienating. 
Guerrero’s themes tended to be more philosophical. For Guerrero, man and nature identify interact in a magical and poetic way. His subjects mostly consisted of images from nature such as landscapes, flowers and fruit. Even when he did portray the human body, it was generally surrounded by plants and animals. His work has been described as pantheistic and mythical in that humans do not center, especially in his canvas work and elements of nature have anthropomorphic qualities. For this reason, he has been described as the successor to Mexico’s pre-Columbian art. This quality distinguishes his work from his contemporaries.

</doc>
<doc id="36766436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766436" title="Lumë">
Lumë

Lumë (Also called Lum and Lumi) is a village in Shtiqën Municipality, Kukës District, Albania, beside the Kirit River. It is about northwest of Shkodër by road.

</doc>
<doc id="36766438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766438" title="Tom Sanders (mathematician)">
Tom Sanders (mathematician)

Tom Sanders is an English mathematician, working on problems in additive combinatorics at the interface of harmonic analysis and analytic number theory.
Sanders studied mathematics at the University of Cambridge, taking his Ph.D. in 2007 under the direction of Timothy Gowers. He held a Junior Research Fellowship at Christ's College, Cambridge from 2006 until 2011, in addition to visiting fellowships at the Institute for Advanced Study in 2007, the MSRI in 2008, and the Mittag-Leffler Institute in 2009. Since 2011, he has held a Royal Society University Research Fellowship at the University of Oxford, where he is also a Senior Research Fellow at the Mathematical Institute, and a Tutorial Fellow at St Hugh's College. 
Among other results, he has improved the theorem of Klaus Friedrich Roth on three-term arithmetic progressions, coming close to breaking the so-called logarithmic barrier. More precisely, he has shown that any subset of {1, 2, ..., N} of maximal cardinality containing no non-trivial three-term arithmetic progression is of size formula_1.
In February 2011, he was awarded the Adams Prize (jointly with Harald Helfgott) for having "employed deep harmonic analysis to understand arithmetic progressions and answer long-standing conjectures in number theory". In July 2012, he was awarded a Prize of the European Mathematical Society for his "fundamental results in additive combinatorics and harmonic analysis, which combine in a masterful way deep known techniques with the invention of new methods to achieve spectacular results." In July 2013, he was awarded the Whitehead Prize of the London Mathematical Society for his "spectacular results in additive combinatorics and related areas"", "in particular "for his paper obtaining the best known upper bounds for sets of integers containing no 3-term arithmetic progressions, for his work dramatically improving bounds connected with Freiman's theorem on sets with small doubling, and for other results in additive combinatorics and harmonic analysis."
In September 2013, he was awarded the European Prize in Combinatorics. 

</doc>
<doc id="36766470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766470" title="John Simon (died 1524)">
John Simon (died 1524)

John Simon (by 1458 - 1524), was an English politician.
Simon was Mayor of Exeter 1512-13. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Exeter in 1512 and 1515.

</doc>
<doc id="36766475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766475" title="Big Noise Transmission">
Big Noise Transmission

Big Noise Transmission is a live album by English musician Gary Numan. The album was released in 2012 by Mortal Records and is a recording of Numan's December 2011 concert at The Ritz, Manchester.
The CD is an exclusive fan club release via Townsend Records. A DVD of the concert was also released. Big Noise Transmission reached number 9 in the Official Charts Music Video Top 40.
Track listing.
CD1
CD2

</doc>
<doc id="36766476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766476" title="Lume (disambiguation)">
Lume (disambiguation)

Lume may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36766485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766485" title="Romankenkius patagonicus">
Romankenkius patagonicus

Romankenkius patagonicus is a species of freshwater triclad that inhabits South America.

</doc>
<doc id="36766495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766495" title="Verneda Thomas">
Verneda Thomas

Verneda Estella Thomas (born June 21, 1936) is a former volleyball player. She played for the United States national team at the 1964 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36766496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766496" title="Mayor of Exeter">
Mayor of Exeter

This is a chronological list of the Mayors and Lord Mayors of the city of Exeter, England.
The role of Mayor was granted the dignity and style of Lord Mayor by letters patent dated 1 May 2002 as the result of a competition to celebrate the Golden Jubilee of Elizabeth II.

</doc>
<doc id="36766505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766505" title="Nándor Balaskó">
Nándor Balaskó

Nándor Balaskó (August 30, 1918 – June 28, 1996) was a sculptor from Romania. 
Balaskó graduated from Silvania National College in 1937. He studied at the Bucharest National University of Arts (1937–40) and the Hungarian University of Fine Arts (1940–43). Then he worked with Ion Andreescu Institute of Fine and Decorative Art in Cluj Napoca. In 1958 he took part in the International Auschwitz-contest. In 1970, Balaskó emigrated to Sintra, Portugal.
Exhibitions.
Solo Exhibitions 
Selected group exhibitions

</doc>
<doc id="36766509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766509" title="Monument to Endre Ady, Zalău">
Monument to Endre Ady, Zalău

Monument to Endre Ady is a monument in Zalău, Romania.
It was opened in front of Silvania National College, on November 22, 1957 (80 years after the birth of Endre Ady).

</doc>
<doc id="36766514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766514" title="John Noseworthy (disambiguation)">
John Noseworthy (disambiguation)

John Noseworthy is a Canadian politician.
John Noseworthy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36766526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766526" title="2012–13 West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team">
2012–13 West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team

The 2012–13 West Virginia Mountaineers men's basketball team represented West Virginia University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Mountaineers were led by sixth year head coach Bob Huggins and played their home games at WVU Coliseum. This was the Mountaineers first season as members of the Big 12 Conference. They finished the season 13–19, 6–12 in Big 12 play to finish in eighth place. They lost in the first round of the Big 12 Tournament to Texas Tech.
Before the Season.
Recruits.
Elijah Macon has committed to West Virginia, but he is doing a Post-Graduate year at Brewster Academy and won't join the Mountaineers until the 2013-14 season.
Schedule.
!colspan=12 style="background:#FFCC00; color:#003366;"| Exhibition
!colspan=12 style="background:#003366; color:#FFCC00;"| Regular Season
!colspan=12 style="background:#FFCC00; color:#003366;"| 2013 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="36766527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766527" title="88th New York State Legislature">
88th New York State Legislature

The 88th New York State Legislature, consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly, met from January 3 to April 28, 1865, during the first year of Reuben E. Fenton's governorship, in Albany.
Background.
Under the provisions of the New York Constitution of 1846, 32 Senators and 128 assemblymen were elected in single-seat districts; senators for a two-year term, assemblymen for a one-year term. The senatorial districts were made up of entire counties, except New York County (four districts) and Kings County (two districts). The Assembly districts were made up of entire towns, or city wards, forming a contiguous area, all within the same county. 
At this time there were two major political parties: the Republican Party and the Democratic Party. The Democrats split over the civil war issue. The "War Democrats" and the Republicans formed a coalition known as the "Republican Union," and supported President Abraham Lincoln and the Union Army's war effort; the rump Democratic Party opposed the war, favoring a compromise with the South, and became known as "Peace Democrats" or "Copperheads."
Elections.
The New York state election, 1864 was held on November 8. All four statewide elective offices up for election were carried by the Republican Union. Congressman Reuben E. Fenton and Speaker Thomas G. Alvord defeated the incumbent Gov. Horatio Seymour and Lt. David R. Floyd-Jones. The approximate party strength at this election, as expressed by the vote for Governor, was: Republican Union 369,000 and Democrats 361,000.
Sessions.
The Legislature met for the regular session at the Old State Capitol in Albany on January 3, 1865; and adjourned on April 28.
George G. Hoskins (R) was elected Speaker with 72 votes against 50 for Abram B. Weaver (D).
On March 9, Charles J. Folger (R) was elected President pro tempore of the State Senate.
On April 4, the Legislature re-elected Victor M. Rice (R) as Superintendent of Public Instruction.
State Senate.
Districts.
Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
Members.
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature.
State Assembly.
Assemblymen.
The asterisk (*) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued as members of this Legislature.
Party affiliations follow the vote for Speaker.

</doc>
<doc id="36766529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766529" title="John Noseworthy (MP)">
John Noseworthy (MP)

John Noseworthy (by 1481-1530/1532), was an English politician.
Noseworthy was mayor of Exeter from 1502-1503. He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Exeter in 1523.

</doc>
<doc id="36766530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766530" title="Benjamin D. Price">
Benjamin D. Price

Benjamin Detwiler Price (September 3, 1845 - September 19, 1922) was an architect known principally for his catalogue sales of plans for churches. He reportedly sold over 6,000 copies of his church plans, and several of the churches he designed are listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.
Architectural practice.
Born in North Coventry, Pennsylvania, he established his architectural practice at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. In the 1870s, he began marketing plans for churches through the mail. In 1876, Price began working with the Methodist Episcopal Board of Church Extension and prepared 67 church plans for them. The Methodist Episcopal Church Board sold copies of Price's plans by mail for prices ranging from two to fifty dollars. By 1885, the Board had sold 1,975 copies of Price's plans. In 1889, Price reacquired the rights to his designs from the Board. In the 1892 edition of "Church Plans," Price wrote that he had sold 600 copies of his plans in 1891 and that a total of 5,350 plans had been sold through December 31, 1891. He claimed to have sold more than 6,000 copies of his plans between 1876 and 1907. A number of editions of his book "Church Plans" were published from 1885 to 1906.
Family and personal life.
Price was married in 1872 to Mary W. Dingee. Price and his son, Max Charles Price, co-authored later editions of "Church Plans" and also formed a company to manufacture and sell paper imitation stained glass. By 1900, he had moved to Middletown Township, Monmouth County, New Jersey. By 1920, he had moved to Punta Gorda, Florida. In 1922, Price died in Punta Gorda, Florida.
Works.
A number of Price's works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. His works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36766546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766546" title="John Bridgeman (died 1523)">
John Bridgeman (died 1523)

John Bridgeman (by 1489-1523) was an English politician.
Personal life.
He married Alison Bartlett, daughter of Richard Bartlett, widow of a man named Philip.
Professional life.
He was a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Exeter in 1523. He was described as ‘a wise man ... of great experience.’

</doc>
<doc id="36766556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766556" title="2011 NAIA football rankings">
2011 NAIA football rankings

One human poll made up the 2011 NAIA football rankings, sometimes called the NAIA Coaches' Poll or the football ratings. Once the regular season was complete, the NAIA sponsored a 16-team playoff to determine the year's national champion. A final poll was then taken after completion of the 2011 NAIA Football National Championship.
The poll release dates were: 

</doc>
<doc id="36766565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766565" title="Richard Hewitt">
Richard Hewitt

Richard Hewitt may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36766567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766567" title="List of historic places in Saskatchewan">
List of historic places in Saskatchewan

This article is a list of historic places in the province of Saskatchewan entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.

</doc>
<doc id="36766580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766580" title="2012 Irwin Tools Night Race">
2012 Irwin Tools Night Race

The 2012 Irwin Tools Night Race was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on August 25, 2012 at Bristol Motor Speedway in Bristol, Tennessee. Contested over 500 laps, it was the twenty-fourth race of the 2012 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season.
Denny Hamlin of Joe Gibbs Racing won the race, his first at Bristol and third of the 2012 season. Jimmie Johnson finished second and Jeff Gordon was third. Nearly 150,000 people attended this 189-minute racing event.
This race was broadcast on ABC (through ESPN on ABC), but was not available in all areas. A handful of ABC affiliates aired NFL preseason football games, with most of the affected affiliates preempting the race altogether, although at least one joined the race in progress in its final hour. Because of this, WOTV in Battle Creek, Michigan was the only West Michigan ABC affiliate airing the race, as WZZM-TV in Grand Rapids, Michigan was simulcasting WXYZ-TV in Southfield, Michigan's Detroit Lions coverage and, unlike WXYZ-TV, chose not to join the race in progress, choosing to air syndicated programming instead.
Qualifying.
Sprint Cup qualifying was to begin on August 24 at 5:00pm EST after the Nationwide Series qualifying. Just before the Cup cars were to take their laps, rain poured on the track. As the Cup cars were unable to make time and with the Nationwide race to run on Friday night, NASCAR cancelled qualifying and set the field according to the following criteria: The field would consist of the Top 35 in owner's points and those with the most attempts. In the event that multiple teams have the same number of starts, preference is given to the team higher in owner's points. The field would be set by their lap times during the practice session.
As a result, Casey Mears, at a time of 15.701 seconds, won the pole, followed by Brad Keselowski, Greg Biffle, Joey Logano, and Aric Almirola. Four drivers would not race due to the number of attempts: Scott Speed, Kelly Bires, J. J. Yeley, and Reed Sorenson.

</doc>
<doc id="36766590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766590" title="Lugaži">
Lugaži

Lugaži is a small town in the Valka Parish of Valka municipality in Latvia.
The small community is largely a satellite town of Valka. It has a railway station, and until international services were resumed in 2008, it was the terminus of trains running on the Riga – Lugaži Railway. Since 2008, however, all trains travel on from Lugaži and cross the international border into Estonia, terminating at Valga. From Valga a connecting train service is available through Estonia, to Tallinn, providing a direct rail link between the two capital cities of Riga and Tallinn.

</doc>
<doc id="36766596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766596" title="Inner Sanctum (1991 film)">
Inner Sanctum (1991 film)

Inner Sanctum is a 1991 film which stars Tanya Roberts, Margaux Hemingway, Joseph Bottoms and Valerie Wildman. This film is written by Mark Thomas McGee and directed by Fred Olen Ray.

</doc>
<doc id="36766602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766602" title="United States v. Jackalow">
United States v. Jackalow

United States v. Jackalow, 66 U.S. (1 Black) 484 (1862), is a U.S. Supreme Court case interpreting the Venue and Vicinage clauses of the United States Constitution. It was an "unusual criminal case", and one of the few constitutional criminal cases from the Taney Court. Jackalow, a mariner from the Ryukyu Islands, was suspected of the robbery and murder of the captain of the sloop "Spray", Jonathan Leete, and Jonathan's brother Elijah, while the ship was at sea. He was convicted of robbery in the Long Island Sound, but as there was disagreement over the question of jurisdiction between the two judges who heard the post-trial motion – Judge Mahlon Dickerson and Supreme Court Justice Robert Cooper Grier – the case was referred to the Supreme Court by certificate of division.
The Supreme Court directed the circuit court for the District of New Jersey to grant Jackalow a new trial. The Court held that, while the trial court should determine the description of the boundaries of New York and Connecticut, the ascertainment of their actual boundaries, and the application of those boundaries to the crime in question, should have been a question of fact for the jury. Jackalow was not retried and was released.
The trial attracted significant media interest. According to "The New York Times", "every part in and near the Court room was crowded during the trial". The case is viewed as historically significant, because even though it occurred during the American Civil War, the federal courts focused on proper legal procedure and jurisprudence in a case unrelated to the war.
Background.
Jonathan T. Leete had captained the schooner "Reaper", owned by James Frisbie, and crewed by a man of East Asian origin, John Canoe, commonly known as Jackalow, short for John Low or John Lord. After Jonathan gave up command of the "Reaper", he and Jackalow worked on Jonathan's father's farm on Sachem's Head in Guilford, Connecticut, where Jackalow was regarded as family. At some point, while in New York, Jackalow had stolen $100 from Jonathan and fled to New Haven. He was returned to New York by the police, but Jonathan refused to testify against him and rehired him. Jonathan and his brother Elijah J. Leete subsequently bought the 30-ton sloop "Spray", funded in part by a mortgage their father took out on his farm. Jonathan (the captain), Elijah, and Jackalow sailed the "Spray" together for two or three years. By March 1860, Jackalow had sailed with Jonathan for four years.
"Spray"s final voyage.
On March 15, 1860, the "Spray" departed its home port of Guilford on a voyage to New York City, in the company of other vessels. As well as its normal crew of Jonathan, Elijah and Jackalow, there was a passenger on board: Andrew Foote, of Nut Plains. The "Spray" also carried hay and potatoes on consignment from David Benton of Sachem's Head.
The "Spray" reached New York City safely and sold its cargo for $500 in gold and bills. Foote returned to Guilford by other means. The "Spray" set course for Guilford and was seen at various points along the route. One night, she anchored near Norwalk, where cries of "Murder!" and "Open the Cabin Door!" were allegedly heard. Supposedly, Jackalow had locked the cabin door before dispatching Elijah on the deck. Elijah had yelled "Murder!"; and Jonathan, "Open the Cabin Door!" Then, Jackalow was supposed to have shot Jonathan through the cabin skylight, thrown the bodies overboard, and searched the cabin for the money. Alone, Jackalow was further supposed to have sailed the "Spray" to South Brooklyn, purchased supplies, and then sailed south.
At 2 pm on Wednesday, March 21, the "Spray" collided with the "Lucinda" four miles north of Barnegat, New Jersey, knocking a hole in the "Spray"s bow that resulted in her filling with water; the "Lucinda" also sustained damage. Capt. Willis of the "Lucinda" saw no one other than Jackalow (whom he blamed for the collision) on board the "Spray", and Jackalow refused to be rescued and taken aboard the "Lucinda". Willis observed that the deck of the "Spray" was strewn with bedding and other articles from the cabin.
That same day, Jackalow, anchored on a nearby yawl boat and was taken aboard the schooner "Thomas F. French" (of Suffolk, Virginia), captained by James Webb, who believed Jackalow to be a kanaka. (Other accounts call him a lascar.) Jackalow gave contradictory accounts of the fate of the Leetes. He told Webb that Jonathan was sick in the cabin and that Elijah had been knocked overboard by the boom, but he subsequently changed his story, claiming that one brother had fallen overboard from the bowsprit, and the other had been knocked overboard by the mainsheet. Webb sailed to Little Egg Harbor, finding the "Lucinda" and its captain and hearing Willis's account of the collision. Webb made no attempt to detain Jackalow, who accompanied him ashore in a small row boat before immediately disappearing into a crowd.
The "Spray", already stripped of her sails and rigging, and lying on her beam ends, was towed to the New York Harbor. There, the harbor police took charge of the "Spray" and began retrieving items from the partially submerged cabin, including the captain's bed, which was stained and splattered with blood. A "heavy three-cornered scraper" also recovered was suspected to be the "instrument with which the bloody deed was committed." A pair of unloaded pistols, one with signs of recent discharge, were also recovered. Other items included a small pine box, suspected to be the captain's money box, that had been broken open, but no bodies or money were found.
Jackalow became a wanted man, and his description was widely disseminated. On March 25, news of the fate of the "Spray" reached Guilford. That same day, the pilot boat "George Steers" reached the "Spray" and towed her to Jersey City.
Jackalow's arrest.
At 11:30 am, March 27, recognizing his description from a newspaper story, the engineer and brakeman of a train, from Philadelphia to Jersey City, crossing the Hackensack Bridge, spotted Jackalow running towards the woods. First two, then eight, New Jersey police officers went into the woods after him. Around noon, Jackalow was turned away from crossing a railroad bridge, then under construction in Newark, New Jersey, by workman William Jacobus, who recognized Jackalow. His colleague Henry Wilson mentioned a $1000 reward for Jackalow's arrest, and the pair—joined by John Sanford and John Douglass, and aided by a spy glass—spotted Jackalow heading for the Newark Plank Road. Jacobus and Douglass pursued Jackalow, while Wilson and Sanford took the car to Newark, hired a horse, and set out to intercept him on the road.
The four arrested Jackalow at the toll gate of the Plank Road; he did not respond to "Jackalow" and claimed to be Indian. He was taken to Jersey City by train, arriving at about 4:00 pm. Jackalow was taken to the Jersey City police station, where in search conducted by Assistant Superintendent Woodruff bags of gold and silver worth about $400, were found tied to his person. Jackalow was also wearing Jonathan's coat, which contained Jonathan's memorandum book. Jackalow was taken to the city prison."As the news spread, people came flocking from all directions, completely filling the stationhouse and blocking the streets around it."
Soon after 5 pm, Jackalow was taken before Recorder Bedford, where Sanford lodged a formal complaint accusing Jackalow of the murders of the Leetes. Jackalow gave his name to the Recorder as "Sam Patch" and his occupation as a crewman on the "Spray". Later, Jackalow told a reporter from the "New York Herald" that the $400 represented his savings, and that his wages had been $30/month for four years.
On Saturday, April 2, the "Spray" was salvaged, and the stains believed to have been blood were discovered to be vermilion. An examination by Dr. John F. Quidor found "no evidence of a murder having been committed in the cabin." In Quidor's opinion, the blood discovered on a cotton chord belonged to an animal.
Preliminary hearings.
Also on April 2, U.S. Commissioner J.P. Vroom, in Jersey City, presided over Jackalow's preliminary hearing. Elizabeth Schenck, an African-American, her sister Ann Louisa Talmadge, and brother-in-law James Talmadge testified that Jackalow had sought board with them, claiming to be an Indian. The court recessed until 2 pm, when Mrs. Electa Lecte and Elizabeth Leete, the mother and sister of Jonathan Leete respectively, appeared. The women identified the Leetes' effects, testified to their relationship with Jackalow, and stated that they had never known him to carry so much money. Upon seeing the women, Jackalow burst into tears and requested to speak with them. Jackalow's lawyer, William Voorhees, refused to allow Jackalow to speak to anyone without his consent.
Chas. H. Ross and Mr. Haybeck then testified to the articles he recovered from the "Spray". The prosecutor, William H. Jelliffe, asked for another adjournment to await the arrival of Willis to testify to the collision. Voorhees opposed the adjournment and moved for Jackalow's immediate release on the ground that there was no jurisdiction because no crime had been proved to have been committed. Jeliffe replied that he intended to charge murder, piracy, and running away with a vessel with intent to steal it. Vroom granted an adjournment until Tuesday at 11 am. Jackalow was remanded to the city prison.
On Monday, April 4, U.S. Attorney Garret S. Cannon took over the prosecution and moved that Jackalow be transferred to the U.S. Marshall in the Essex County Jail. Voorhies again objected to jurisdiction, arguing that if the alleged murder was committed in the Long Island Sound it could only be tried in New York. Vroom on the other hand held that a showing of probable cause had been made. Further, he argued that he had jurisdiction on the grounds that the murder was committed between the state of New York and the Norwalk Islands, and Jackalow's robbery had in any case continued until his arrival in Barnegat. Jackalow was remanded to Newark to await the decision of the grand jury.
Jackalow was still incarcerated in the Essex County Jail on July 21. A reporter from the "Newark Daily Advertiser" visited Jackalow and found him to be intelligent, noting that he spent most of his time reading but was not proficient in spoken English. Jackalow protested his innocence to the reporter and explained that he was Japanese, from the Ryukyu Islands.
Indictment.
Jackalow's indictment, in the United States Circuit Court for the District of New Jersey, was scheduled for Tuesday, September 25. Justice Robert Cooper Grier, riding circuit, and Judge Mahlon Dickerson, of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, presided in Newark. Jackalow, having been moved to the Mercer jail, attended. U.S. Attorney Cannon stated that he needed three or four days to bring in witnesses from Connecticut and elsewhere. The grand jurors were sworn, and Justice Grier instructed them on the law, specifically the Act of 1820, which provided:
Justice Grier further instructed the grand jury that it was unnecessary for the government to produce the corpse to prosecute a murder. But, on September 27, while the grand jury was still sitting, Jonathan Leete's clothed body was recovered in Goose Creek, Jamaica, Queens. The body was shown to the Leetes' sister for identification, and a portion of the clothing was sent to his mother in Guilford for further identification, which was inconclusive. The forehead of the corpse bore "two distinct wounds, as if the result of blows from a hatchet or hammer." The coroner cited the wounds as the cause of death. The Leete family offered their opinion that Elijah had been at the wheel, Jackalow at the lookout, and Jonathan asleep in the berth prior to the murders. (It was the habit of the Leete brothers to sleep fully clothed.)
On Saturday, October 6, the grand jury heard testimony from Joseph Langdon, the crew of the "Lucinda", and a carman from Brooklyn. At 9 am, the grand jury presented five bills of indictment against Jackalow: the murder of Jonathan Leete; the murder of Elijah Leete; the robbery of Jonathan Leete; the robbery of Elijah Leete; and running away with the "Spray". Voorhees was joined by lawyer Isaac R. Wilson, of New York City, for Jackalow's defense. Jackalow pleaded not guilty to each count. On the motion of U.S. Attorney Cannon, a special term of the circuit court was appointed to meet in Trenton, on the third Tuesday in January, to try the case.
Trial.
The remaining, un-impanelled petit jurors were discharged from the Trenton federal court on September 28. Thus, Jackalow could have been tried no earlier than January 1861. Jackalow's trial was scheduled for January 15, 1861.
The trial was postponed until January 17 because Jackalow's counsel was not served with the list of names of the jurors until the morning of January 15, and federal law required that the panel be served two full days before trial. The government planned to call 34 witnesses, and to pay each $500 for their time. Jackalow moved to compel the attendance of Dr. Theodore R. Vanck, Robert J. Dalton, and Professor George Hammell Cook of Rutgers College. Voorhees and Wilson represented Jackalow, and the prosecution was conducted by U.S. Attorney Cannon and Andrew Dutcher.
The jury was impanelled on January 18. The indictment was read and Cannon delivered his opening statement. Most of the evidence pertained to the robbery counts, resulting in speculation that the other counts would not even be tried if a robbery conviction could be obtained.
Prosecution's case.
On January 21, four government witnesses testified. The testimony tended to prove that: the "Spray" was seen on March 15 with Jackalow and the Leetes aboard; Jackalow was seen on the vessel alone on March 17 and 18, heading to New York City; Jackalow purchased supplies from a grocer in Brooklyn on March 19 with a roll of banknotes, including one $50 bill from the Mechanics Bank, and asked for change in coins. E. H. Grandin was added to the defense team, and J. W. Wiley acted as interpreter.
On January 22, eleven government witnesses testified. The testimony tended to prove that: the "Spray" and "Lucinda" had collided; Jackalow, brandishing a hatchet, had refused to allow anyone else aboard; Capt. Webb had taken Jackalow aboard his ship to Newark; Jackalow had applied for lodging in a cellar in Newark; Jackalow had given two different names for himself in Egg Harbor when relating the fate of the Leetes; he had bought supplies in New York City and Brooklyn. At the close of evidence, the government had examined 17 witnesses, half the number for which it had issued subpoenas.
On January 23, six government witnesses testified. The testimony tended to prove that: Jackalow had offered $60 for a boat, intending to catch bluefish; two witnesses had pursued Jackalow after the account of the Leetes' death was published; Jackalow was found on the Newark Plank Road; Jackalow had then claimed to be an East Indiaman named Sam Patch; the bags of coins had been found on Jackalow.
On January 24, 13 government witnesses testified. The testimony tended to prove that: Jackalow was found with $393; someone heard a "cry of murder on the Sound" on March 15; blood was found on the "Spray" in Jersey City. Jackalow also sought to compel the attendance of Bayard Taylor. Wiley, the interpreter, could barely understand Jackalow because his language was "not pure Chinese."
On January 25, five government witnesses testified, including Dr. Quidor and the Leetes' mother and sister. Quidor testified that he had discovered blood on a ball of twine, although it had been painted over with vermilion.
On Monday, January 28, the government examined one last witness and rested its case. The witness testified to what transpired before U.S. Commissioner Vroom after Jackalow's arrest.
Jackalow's case.
Still on January 28, Jackalow's defense opened with Taylor's evidence. He testified to having seen a person on the Perry Expedition in Japan who "resembled very much, and he thought it was the same man." Supposedly, Jackalow had been brought to the United States by Commodore Perry aboard the USS "Mississippi".
At this point, Grandin moved for a judgment of acquittal for lack of jurisdiction. Because the incident took place between Norwalk and Hell Gate, Grandin argued that venue was improper in the District of New Jersey, as opposed to the Southern District of New York or District of Connecticut. Grandin also argued that the Long Island Sound was not on the "high seas" and thus that the indictment was defective. In rebuttal, Dutcher cited authorities that the Sound was "an arm of the sea." The following day, Dutcher, followed by U.S. Attorney Cannon, argued that the Sound was "uninclosed waters of the ocean outside the jaws of land." In particular, Cannon cited the "Amistad" case (1841) and noted that the words "out of the jurisdiction of any particular State" had been removed in 1820. Voorhees was given rebuttal.
Judge Dickerson stated that he was of the opinion that the Long Island Sound was not on the high seas. Rather than halt the trial, Dickerson proposed to have the jury return a special verdict, and, if Jackalow was convicted, to argue a motion for arrest of judgment before a "full bench" (i.e. Dickerson plus Justice Grier riding circuit) at the next term in March, and, if the panel was divided, to certify the question to the Supreme Court by certificate of division.
"ithout a formal opening," Voorhees called two more witnesses that day, "but nothing was elicited from them."
Closing arguments and instructions.
The defense rested on January 30. Dutcher delivered the closing argument for the prosecution on the robbery charges, Grandin for the defense. On January 31, Grandin concluded his argument, and Voorhees followed; the murder charge had not been tried. Cannon delivered the prosecution's rebuttal. Cannon concluded his "most able argument" the next day, February 1.
Judge Dickerson instructed the jury to consider the two robbery charges only: "If the robbery was an after thought after the murder, it would be nothing more than larceny. If the murder was committed with the intention of taking the goods, then it was robbery." And, Dickerson instructed, "f they found the prisoner guilty, then they must also fix the locality of the robbery." The jury left the courtroom at 4 pm.
Verdict.
At 12 pm on February 2, the jury found Jackalow guilty on the first robbery count and not guilty on the other counts in the indictment. As for the location, the jury found that the "Spray" "at that time was lying on the waters adjoining the State of Connecticut, between Norwalk Harbor and Westchester county, in the State of New-York, and at a point five miles eastward from Lyon's Point, one and a half miles from the Connecticut shore at low water mark." The special verdict did not determine whether the place of the murder was Connecticut, New York, or the high seas.
One juror explained that he considered only the taking of Leete's coat, and not their money, to have been proven. The value of the coat had been proven to be approximately $1.
Grandin moved to set aside the verdict. The question of jurisdiction was set for argument before the full bench at the upcoming March term.
Certificate of division.
Jackalow's post-trial motion was argued on April 4 before Judge Dickerson and Justice Grier. Anthony Q. Keasbey, Cannon's successor as U.S. Attorney, appeared for the United States; Grandin for Jackalow. Grandin put forward various reasons to arrest the judgment:
The argument concluded on April 6. Dickerson persisted in his view that there was no jurisdiction, but Grier disagreed. The court certified the question to the Supreme Court by a certificate of division.
While the certificate was pending, a body believed to be that of Elijah Leete was discovered off the Norwalk Islands on August 21. "It had evidently been a long time in the water, and the body had on thick clothing and oil cloth pants."
Oral argument.
The case was called before the Supreme Court on March 17, 1862. Attorney General Edward Bates announced that he was delegating the argument to U.S. Attorney Keasbey. Jackalow's attorney was not present, and, by letter, requested a postponement. No postponement was forthcoming, and Reverdy Johnson volunteered to argue for Jackalow.
The case was argued on March 18. Keasbey made an "able and exhaustive argument" for the United States. According to "The New York Times", Johnson argued for Jackalow, although the United States Reports state that "no counsel appeared for Jackalow." The opinion was to be delivered the following Monday, as the Court was to adjourn for the term on Tuesday.
Opinion.
Article Three provides that "the Trial of all Crimes, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall be by Jury; and such Trial shall be held in the State where the said Crimes shall have been committed; but "when not committed within any State", the Trial shall be at such Place or Places as the Congress may by Law have directed." Pursuant to the latter clause, the 1820 piracy statute provided that offenders of that statute could be tried in the "Circuit Court of the United States for the district into which he shall be brought, or in which he shall be found." Further, more generally, § 14 of the Crimes Act of 1825 provided that "the trial of all offences which shall be committed upon the high seas or elsewhere, out of the limits of any state or district, shall be in the district where the offender is apprehended, or into which he may first be brought."
Justice Samuel Nelson, for the unanimous Court, noted that, under Article Three, the New Jersey circuit court's jurisdiction depended on two conjunctive propositions: first, that Jackalow's crime was not committed within any State; and second, that Jackalow was first apprehended in New Jersey. Citing "United States v. Dawson" (1854), the Court also noted that the Vicinage Clause required that crimes be tried in the district where committed, if and only if the crime was committed within a U.S. state. Further, the Court noted that, with the "high seas" crimes created by the Crimes Act of 1790 and Crimes Act of 1825, "the question presented in this case could not arise, as the offence could not be committed within the limits of the State." But, because offenses committed in "any open roadstead, or in any haven, basin, or bay, or in any river where the sea ebbs and flows" are not committed on the "high seas," the Court held, these offenses must be prosecuted in conformity with the restrictions of the venue and vicinage clauses.
The Court noted that the jury was not asked to return a special verdict that decided whether Jackalow's crime was committed within a state; instead, Judge Dickerson had himself decided that the crime was committed within New York. Although the Court expressed no opinion on the boundary of New York, it noted that "two of the eminent judges of the highest court of the State of New York entertained different opinions on this question." Instead, the Court prescribed the following procedure:
Thus, the Court directed the circuit court to set aside the special verdict and grant a new trial.
Aftermath.
Jackalow's fate.
At the time the Court's opinion was announced, Jackalow was in the Mount Holly Jail in Burlington County, New Jersey. "The New York Times" misinterpreted the Court's opinion as having "decided that the State of New-York has no jurisdiction over the waters of Long Island Sound, where the murders were committed, and has advised the United States Circuit Court for New-Jersey to proceed with the case." Thus, the "Times" predicted that Jackalow would be sentenced and that his counsel would attempt a motion for a new trial "upon the ground of the illegality of the verdict." Next, the "Times" falsely reported that Jackalow had been sentenced to death, and then that Judge Dickerson had "decided not to pass the sentence of death."
On March 24, 1863, at the Court's suggestion, the government filed a nolle prosequi motion and Jackalow was discharged. Jackalow was admonished to leave the country and never return, and he complied. Three years after Jackalow's first trial, the government was unable to locate witnesses for a retrial and persisted in Justice Grier, again riding circuit, reportedly stated: "If the Supreme Court of the United States can't make up its mind whether the place where the murder was committed was within the jurisdiction of the states or on the high seas, I am not going to come so near committing judicial murder as to set twelve men guessing at it."
That April, Voorhees filed a writ of attachment against Jackalow for unpaid attorney's fees, and the Leetes' executors were said to be contemplating similar action. The $389 that Jackalow was carrying at the time of his arrest eventually went to his lawyers.
As a precedent.
The rule of "Jackalow" generally remains good law, but to obtain reversal of a criminal conviction for failure to submit the issue of venue to the jury, venue must have been "in issue" and the defendant must have timely objected. Lower courts differ over the precise contours of when venue is "in issue." Because the government need only prove venue by a preponderance of the evidence, and because the jury often implicitly finds facts establishing venue by convicting the defendant, such errors are often harmless.
Analysis.
Mark Lender cites "Jackalow", decided during the American Civil War, as evidence that, "even amid the emotion of war," Judge Dickerson and Justice Grier "still preferred jurisprudence grounded in established procedures." Lender also argues that ""Jackalow" ... provided something of a perspective on the nature of federal jurisprudence in a time of extraordinary national crisis" by providing "generally fair and efficient proceedings" to "controversial defendants."
In part, "Jackalow" "attracted considerable attention" because "ith the nation at war, the federal government properly was concerned with its authority at sea and the safety of American shipping, even though the case was not directly related to the rebellion."
References.
Notes
Citations
'"Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36766605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766605" title="Teekyu">
Teekyu

Media.
Manga.
The "Teekyu" manga series is written Roots and illustrated by Piyo. Its first chapter was published by Earth Star Entertainment in "Comic Earth Star" 12th issue, released on February 10, 2012, and since then the series has also been compiled in 7 "tankōbon" volumes, the first and seventh published on August 11, 2012, and December 12, 2013, respectively.
Anime.
The anime adaptation is produced by MAPPA with direction and writing by Shin Itagaki. The series' first season aired between October 7 and December 23, 2012, the second one, between July 7 and September 22, 2013, and the third one, between October 6 and December 22, 2013. All three seasons aired on Tokyo Metropolitan Television and AT-X and additionally, the first one was streamed on Niconico and the third one aired on Sun Television. All three seasons have been simulcasted by Crunchyroll.
Each season makes use of one theme song. For the first season it is by Yui Watanabe, for the second - by Kyōko Narumi, and the for the third - by Yui Watanabe.
The first season was released on Blu-ray Disc and DVD on February 22, 2013. The second and third seasons were released on Blu-ray Disc on October 25, 2013, and January 24, 2014, respectively, along with two OVA episodes each.

</doc>
<doc id="36766614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766614" title="Simpson Memorial United Methodist Church (Greenville, Indiana)">
Simpson Memorial United Methodist Church (Greenville, Indiana)

The Simpson Memorial United Methodist Church is a historic Gothic Revival church in the Akron Plan style located on Harrison Street in Greenville, Indiana, United States. It was built in 1899 and designed by church plan catalogue architect Benjamin D. Price. It was also a work of Capt. John Nafius. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36766638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766638" title="Giovanni Battista Nauclerio">
Giovanni Battista Nauclerio

Giovanni Battista Nauclerio (Naples, 1666 - Naples, 1739) was an Italian architect and engineer, active in Naples, Italy.
He took over the work for the completion of the cloister of San Domenico Maggiore from his collaborator Francesco Antonio Picchiati. In 1704, he designed the church and monasteries of San Francesco degli Scarioni. In 1704, he designed the church of Santi Demetrio e Bonifacio. In 1708, he completed the construction of the church of San Giovanni Battista delle Monache, which had been designed by Francesco Picchiatti. In 1720, he designed Villa Paternò on the hill of Capodimonte. After the death of Arcangelo Guglielmelli in 1723, he helped complete the church of Santa Maria delle Grazie. He also helped the main altar for the church of San Diego all'Ospedaletto, the baldacchino in San Pietro ad Aram, and likely aided in the restructuring of Santi Bernardo e Margherita and the church of Santa Maria di Caravaggio.

</doc>
<doc id="36766650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766650" title="Stenophlebiidae">
Stenophlebiidae

The Stenophlebiidae is an extinct family of medium-sized to large fossil odonates from the Upper Jurassic and Lower Cretaceous period that belongs to the damsel-dragonfly grade ("anisozygopteres") within the stem group of Anisoptera. They are characterized by their long and slender wings, and the transverse shape of the discoidal triangles in their wing venation.
Description.
Adult.
Body.
The head is similar to that of Recent Gomphidae with two large and globular compound eyes that are distinctly separated. The three ocelli are arranged in a triangle on the globular vertex. The mandibles are strong. The legs have short and strong spines.
Wings and wing venation.
The largest species "Stenophlebia amphitrite" reached a wing span of about , while the smallest species "Hispanostenophlebia barremiana" reached only a wing span of about .
Stenophlebiidae are distinguished by the following set of eight derived wing characters (synapomorphies):<br>
1) a long not zigzagged secondary longitudinal convex vein in the postdiscoidal area, parallel to MP, the base of this vein being just distal of the discoidal triangle; (2) Cr long or very long, covering more than one or two cells between RA and RP; (3) pterostigma shifted basally; (4) pterostigma very long; (5) hind wing subdiscoidal space transverse and crossed by two veins or more; (6) the four wings elongate and more or less falcate; (7) forewing discoidal triangle long transverse; (8) numerous and well defined straight intercalary secondary longitudinal veins reaching posterior wing margin.
Furthermore they share the following four synapomorphies with Prostenophlebiidae in the superfamily Stenophlebioidea:
And they share these four synapomorphies with Prostenophlebiidae and Liassostenophlebiidae in the suborder Stenophlebioptera:
Sexual dimorphism.
Males are distinguished by a weak anal angle of the hind wing base and in some species of Upper Jurassic "Stenophlebia" by a club-like dilation of the termial part of the abdomen. The male secondary genitalia are unknown, but probably were of the anisopterid type. The male terminalia of the abdomen are of the anisopterid type, thus composed of a pair of dorsal claspers (cerci) and an unpaired ventral process (epiproct). 
Nel et al. (1993) stated that the female ovipositor is reduced, while Bechly (2007, 2010) could demonstrate that at least the female of the stenophlebiid genus "Cratostenophlebia" had a distinct endophytic ovipositor.
Larva.
Fossil larvae of this extinct family have not been formally described yet, but Bechly (2007) suggested that the "Nothomacromia" larvae from the Lower Cretaceous Crato Formation of Brazil may be the larvae of "Cratostenophlebia".
Classification.
The family group taxon was established by Needham (1903) as subfamily Stenophlebinae (sic) of the extinct damsel-dragonfly family Heterophlebiidae. It was emended and elevated to family rank Stenophlebiidae by Handlirsch (1906). "Stenophlebia" Hagen, 1866 is the type genus of this family.
The position and status of "Sinostenophlebia" is very uncertain due to the poor preservation and insufficient original description. A revision of the holotype would be needed, but its deposition seems to be unknown.
Bechly (2005) could show that the very small species ""Stenophlebia"" "casta" from the Upper Jurassic Solnhofen Plattenkalk of Germany is not related to Stenophlebiidae. It is now classified as "Parastenophlebia casta" in a separate family Parastenophlebiidae that belongs to the extinct damsel-dragonfly suborder Heterophlebioptera.
The family contains 6 described genera with totally 13 species:
Phylogeny.
The set of shared derived characters listed in the description section above demonstrate that Stenophlebiidae is clearly a monophyletic group (clade).
Before the advent of cladistic classification Stenophebiidae was classified within the odonate suborder Anisozyoptera, which was later recognized to be a paraphyletic grade. In modern classifications the taxon Anisozygoptera is therefore either abandoned or restricted to the Recent relict family Epiophlebiidae.
The extinct family Prostenophlebiidae is the sister group of Stenophlebiidae within the superfamily Stenophlebioidea. Stenophlebioidea is the sister group of Liassostenophlebiidae within the suborder Stenophlebioptera.
Nel et al. (1993) suggested that Recent Epiophlebiidae is the sister group of Stenophlebiidae within a superfamily Epiophlebioidea, and Bechly (1996) suggested that extinct Gondvanogomphidae is the sister group of Stenophlebiidae within Stenophlebioptera. However, these hypotheses have been refuted by Fleck et al. (2003).
The phylogenetic position of Stenophlebiidae according to Bechly (1996, 2007) and Fleck et al. (2003, 2004):
Biology.
Next to nothing is known about the ecology and behavior of Stenophlebiidae, but it probably was quite similar to Recent odonates. The shape of the wings suggests that they have not been very fast flyers that fed on smaller flying insects. The females probably inserted their eggs into plants in or close to the water.
Geographical and geological distribution.
The fossil record of this family ranges from Upper Jurassic of Germany (Solnhofen Plattenkalk, Nusplingen limestones) and Kazakhstan (Karabastau Svita) to the Lower Cretaceous of Brazil (Crato Formation), Mongolia (Bon Tsagaan), Spain (Las Hoyas), and England (Durlston Formation).
History.
Larger revisions of this family have been provided by Nel et. al (1993) and Fleck et al. (2003).
Earliest finds.
The first stenophlebiid fossil was described as ""Agrion"" "latreillei" by Germar (1839) from the Upper Jurassic Solnhofen Plattenkalk of Germany.
Notable specimens.
Beside the important type specimens there are also several exceptionally well preserved fossils that contribute to our knowledge of the morphology of Stenophlebiidae. These include specimens of "Stenophlebia amphitrite" and "Stenophlebia latreillei" in several private fossil collections.

</doc>
<doc id="36766659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766659" title="Ade Orogbemi">
Ade Orogbemi

Ade Orogbemi (born 11 May 1978) is a British wheelchair basketball player. He was selected to play for Team GB in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Personal life.
Orogbemi was born in Lagos in Nigeria on 11 May 1978. He currently lives at Liverpool, Merseyside. Orogbemi grew up in East London after moving from Lagos. He was born with Poliomyelitis (polio). In 2009 he was jailed for six months for claiming £33,000 worth of housing benefit, council tax benefit and income support. He admitted to three accounts of fraud.
Wheelchair basketball.
In 1997, Orogbemi was stopped on the streets by the coach of the East London Bullets and joined the wheelchair basketball team. Ever since then, he has competed in wheelchair basketball. After moving to Liverpool, he played for clubs such as Liverpool Greenbank, Tameside Owls and Wolverhampton Rhinos. He has also played with Toledo, a Spanish wheelchair basketball team. Orogbemi has been classed as a 2.5 player.
In 2001, he played in his first championship, the European Championships, held in Amsterdam in the Netherlands. Along with his team, he was fourth place. In 2003, Orogbemi played at the European Championships in Sassari, Italy, winning bronze. Two years later, he was in Paris, France in the 2005 European Championships, and won silver with his team. He played his first World Championships in 2006, in Amsterdam, where the team were fifth. The following year, he participated in his first Paralympics, the 2008 Summer Paralympic Games, held in Beijing. Along with Team GB, he finished in the bronze medal position. In 2010, at the World Wheelchair Basketball Championships in Birmingham, he finished in fifth place. 2011 saw Orogbemi's first victory, at the European Championships in Nazareth, Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="36766672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766672" title="First Christian Church (Nashville, Arkansas)">
First Christian Church (Nashville, Arkansas)

The First Christian Church on N. Main St. in Nashville, Arkansas was built in 1911. It was a work of the noted church architect Benjamin D. Price and his son Max Charles Price. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="36766680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766680" title="Latvia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Latvia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

Latvia competed with eight competitors at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from 29 August to 9 September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36766698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766698" title="Cedar Run, New Jersey">
Cedar Run, New Jersey

Cedar Run is an unincorporated community within Stafford Township, Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="36766706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766706" title="Nairobi Convention">
Nairobi Convention

The Convention of the Protection, Management and Development of the Marine and Coastal Environment of the Eastern African Region or Nairobi Convention of 1985 is a regional framework agreement for marine environmental management. 
It is implemented by the Consortium for Conservation of Coastal and Marine Ecosystems in the Western Indian Ocean (WIO-C) in coordination with the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) as well as non-governmental organizations such as World Conservation Union (IUCN) and Western Indian Ocean Marine Science Association (WIOMSA).
An amended convention was concluded in 2010, but it has not yet entered into force.

</doc>
<doc id="36766708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766708" title="Glasson, Wigton">
Glasson, Wigton

Glasson is a small settlement in Cumbria, England. It just inland from the Solway coast, eight miles northwest of the City of Carlisle on the course of Hadrian's Wall and its World Heritage Zone, near to Drumburgh. The place name of Glasson is thought to derive from the Anglo-Scandinavian 'glaise' which means a small stream.
History.
The line of the Vallum (National Monument number 26122) of Hadrians Wall, dating from 128AD-130AD runs through the village. No trace of the vallum is now visible within the village itself, however its earthworks are clearly visible in the fields to the east. A sandstone building stone inscribed ""Legions II Aug Coh III"" was found in the vicinity of Glasson in the 18th century.
The earliest map from the mid-eighteenth century shows a rural hamlet aligned along the course of the old vallum and made up of 21 dwellings. The 1838 tithe map shows 32 dwelling in Glasson with the same alignment. Between 1864 and 1926 the OS maps show that the village experienced a gradual expansion up to approximately 68 dwellings, aided by the establishment of the railway station on the line to Port Carlisle and to Carlisle via Drumburgh. 
The village lies in the old Barony of Burgh, dating from 1092, the baron now being the Earl of Lonsdale. The barony was a bulwark against Scottish invasion across the Solway
Transport.
Canals.
The Carlisle Navigation Canal (1821–1853) ran slightly to the east of the village, reaching the Solway at Port Carlisle. The Port Carlisle Railway Company filled in the canal and rail passenger services commenced in 1854. 
The old overbridge, with a cast-iron parapet, built in 1819-23 at NY254606 is a listed structure and was originally built as a bridge over canal. The plinth with rounded corners was originally the supporting structure for the canal drawbridge, increased in height to convert it to a railway bridge. An old canal lock keepers cottage also survives.
Railways.
Glasson railway station was the intermediate station on the Port Carlisle on the old branch line from Carlisle, diverging at the junction near Drumburgh. It had a single platform and a shelter. A horse-drawn passenger service was provided between Drumburgh and Port Carlisle through Glasson from 1856, replaced in 1914 by steam propulsion until a steam railmotor 'Flower of Yarrow' was introduced, running until the branch closed in 1932.
Natural history.
Glasson Moss NNR lies near the village. Much of the area was worked for peat in the past, however it is the best preserved of the Solway Mosses with a typical moss carpet and flora and notable bryophytes and invertebrates.

</doc>
<doc id="36766715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766715" title="German submarine U-322">
German submarine U-322

German submarine "U-322" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She carried out two patrols, sinking one ship of 5,149 GRT and causing two others, for a total of 14,367 tons, to be declared total losses.
The boat was sunk in December 1944 by a Canadian frigate in the English Channel.
Service history.
The submarine was laid down on 13 February 1943 by the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 322, launched on 18 December and commissioned on 5 February 1944 under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Gerhard Wysk.
She served with the 4th U-boat Flotilla for training, from 5 February 1944 to 31 October and the 11th flotilla for operations until her sinking on 29 December.
1st patrol.
"U-322" departed Kiel on 2 November 1944 and arrived in Horten (south of Oslo), on the 6th.
2nd patrol and loss.
The boat left Horten on 15 November 1944, heading for the 'gap' between the Faroe and Shetland Islands and passing west of Ireland. On 23 December, she sank the "Dumfries" off St Catherine's Point, Isle of Wight in the English Channel. On the 29th, seven miles off the Portland lighthouse near Weymouth, she attacked the "Arthur Sewall" and the "Black Hawk", causing both vessels to be declared a total loss. She was sunk on the same day by depth charges dropped from the Canadian frigate .
Fifty two men died; there were no survivors.
Previously recorded fate.
"U-322" was sunk on 25 November 1944 west of the Shetland Islands by the British frigate .
Discovery.
The wreck has been found; although it was originally thought to be that of "U-772", it has been identified as "U-322".

</doc>
<doc id="36766716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766716" title="Abderrahmane Sbai">
Abderrahmane Sbai

Abderrahmane Sbai ( – born 1940, Fes – died 22 October 2010, Rabat) was a Moroccan politician and civil servant. Since 1997 he has been Delegate-Minister for the Administration of National Defense, a position he held until his death. He held a degree in "geographic engineering".
He attended primary and secondary school in El Jadida.

</doc>
<doc id="36766719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766719" title="George Fawdon">
George Fawdon

George Fawdon (ca 1600 – ca 1654/1655), also spelled in various sources as George Fawden, George Fawder, George Fadoin, George Faudon, George Fawdoune, George Faudown, George Fawdowne, and George Fowden, was an early Virginia colonist, landowner, militia officer, county court clerk, county clerk justice and legislative representative (politician). He served at least two terms as a burgess in the Virginia House of Burgesses in the 1640s and 1650s representing Isle of Wight County, Virginia.
Early life.
George Fawdon was probably born in England about 1600. No definitive information about Fawdon's early life has been found.
The earliest definite official record of George Fawdon's presence in the Virginia colony is from a court in James City, Virginia on February 8, 1627 (/1628) which ordered "that George Fawdon, Thomas Sawyer & Wassell Weblin shall have leave to goe & live at Warosquoyacke." Warrosquoyacke was one of the several spellings of the area that became Isle of Wight County, Virginia in 1637. Warwicksqueake is another. On September 29, 1629, Justinian Cooper and wife deeded land there to Wassall Weblin and George Fawdon. Weblin and Fawdon assigned the land to Robert Sabine on February 25, 1630. Because of later grants of land abutting Fawdon's land along the Nansemond River, another grant of land to Fawdon was made but no abstract of the transaction was found in the references.
Several sources state that George Fawdon's daughter, Hester, married John George's son, Isaac. This suggests that Fawdon was married in or about 1630 since Isaac and Hester were married in 1654. Since no record or mention of Fawdon's first wife has been found, direct support for this earlier marriage for Fawdon and for the fact that Isaac George's wife was his daughter can be found only through a gift of land from Fawdon to Isaac George in 1654.
Fawdon's name, variously spelled, appears in several Virginia land patents: Grant to Richard Bennett of 2000 acres on the Nansemond River adjoining George Fawdon, June 26, 1635; Grant to William Clark of 250 acres of land in Warrosquoyacke County, Virginia, on the south side of Nansemond River, adjoining George Fawder (Fawdon); Grant to Thomas Butler of 1,000 acres of land in Warrosquoyacke County on the Small River, falling into Nansemond Bay, on the back side of land of George Fawdon and John Parrott on July 11, 1635; Grant of 150 acres on the south side of the Nansemond River adjacent to the land of George Fawdon, July 14, 1635. 
George Fawdon received a 200 acre patent for land on the south branch of the Elizabeth River adjoining John Yates on June 6, 1639. Viewers of tobacco from Red Point to the head of Pagan Point Creek appointed in 1639-1640 were Joseph Salmon, John Miles and George Fawdon. 
George Fawdon and Thomas Carter witnessed a deed from Justinian Cooper to John George on March 16, 1642. On June 10, 1647, George Fawdon, Anthony Jones, and Thomas Wombrell witnessed a deed from James Roche to Henry Pitt in Chuckatuck, Isle of Wight County. George Fawdon, William Underwood and James Taylor, were appointed overseers of the will of Captain John Upton.
Virginia House of Burgesses, court justice, militia.
In 1646 and in 1653, George Fawdon represented Isle of Wight County in the Virginia House of Burgesses.
George Fawdon is listed as a justice of the local court in the Isle of Wight County Records for 1646 with eight others including John George. Since no names are listed between 1646 and 1666, George Fawdon may have served on the court during some or all of the years from 1646 until his death in 1654/1655. Fawdon was also listed as County Court Clerk in 1646 with James Bagnall, and in 1653 with five others.
George Fawdon also served as an officer in the local militia. He was listed as "Major" in several records.
Late life.
On April 10, 1654, Major George Fawdon gave to Isaac George, son of then Major John George 1,000 acres of land, if he lived to 21, but if he died before then, the land was to return to Major Fawdon. This strongly suggested to Grant family biographer Mary Grant that Hester Fawdon, wife of Isaac George, was the daughter of George Fawdon because there would be little other reason for Fawdon to make such a gift. No record of mention of an earlier wife of George Fawdon has been found, but since Fawdon was married to Anne Smith within a year of his death, she could not have been the mother of Hester Fawdon.
On October 30, 1654, George Fawdon assigned to Mrs. Anne Smith whom he intended to make his wife, 1500 acres of land in the Upper Parish upon the main river beginning at Job Beasley's adjoining the land of that was formerly John Olivers and adjoining land of Richard Corseys. It was further recorded, March 16, 1654/1655: "All of which the jointure and dowry the nuptials now being celebrated, We the said George and Anne Fawdon, do oblige ourselves never to alter without the consent of our father in law Nathaniel Bacon and our mother Ann his wife, with her brother William Smith." On July 9, 1655, Nathaniel Bacon, administrator of the estate of Major George Fawdon, confirmed "unto all points Isaac George the full contents of this gift." This shows Fowden had died by July 9, 1655.
Fawdon left no will which might have identified Hester, or other children, and his gift to Isaac George is not easily explained except as a gift to a son-in-law.

</doc>
<doc id="36766727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766727" title="Gaetano Gigante">
Gaetano Gigante

Gaetano Gigante (1770 in Naples – 1840) was an Italian painter and engraver, active mainly in Naples, Italy. He was the father of Giacinto Gigante, one of the main painters of the School of Posillipo, Emilia Gigante and Ercole Gigante (1815–1860); and Achille Gigante (1823–1846), a lithographer and designer of acquaforte. Gaetano received his training with Giacinto Diano.

</doc>
<doc id="36766756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766756" title="Miguel Prats">
Miguel Prats

Miguel Prats was a Cuban baseball rightfielder in the Cuban League. He played from 1902 to 1908 with several teams, including Almendares, Azul, Club Fé, and Habana.

</doc>
<doc id="36766759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766759" title="Trunk Line Bridge No. 237">
Trunk Line Bridge No. 237

Trunk Line Bridge No. 237 is an concrete arch bridge in Ransom Township, Michigan, that carries Burt Road over Silver Creek. Built in 1918, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History.
A thoroughfare existed along the current route of Burt Road as early as 1894. By the time of the bridge's construction, this route formed part of the east-west State Highway No. 308. The bridge was built in 1918 by the Michigan State Highway Department according to a standard plan. The Pioneer, Ohio-based company Beighton and Spaulding served as contractor.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 14, 2000.
Design and location.
The bridge is a concrete, barrel vaulted deck arch bridge. Its single arch spans across Silver Creek. The bridge carries the unpaved Burt Road in a rural, wooded area of Ransom Township in Hillsdale County. The parapet railings are constructed of solid concrete and have five rectangular recesses on the inside and outside faces. At the southwest corner is affixed a bridge plate on the inside of the railing.

</doc>
<doc id="36766773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766773" title="Lê Phổ">
Lê Phổ

Lê Phổ (2 August 1907 - 12 December 2001) was a Vietnamese painter. In 1932, he earned a scholarship to study at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris. Upon returning to Vietnam he taught at the École Supérieure des Beaux Arts de l'Indochine in Hanoi. 
In 1937, he came back to Paris where he resided until the time of his death - one of four EBAI graduates who made a career in Paris, including Mai Trung Thứ, Vũ Cao Đàm and woman painter Lê Thị Lựu. He painted sceneries of Vietnam, still life with flowers, family settings and portraits. Vietnamese women, most often portrayed as elongated figures evoking the influence of surrealism, are a recurrent theme in his work.

</doc>
<doc id="36766872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36766872" title="Eminencia">
Eminencia

Eminencia was a Cuban baseball team in the Cuban League. They played in 1905.

</doc>
<doc id="36767039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767039" title="Ken Howard (Episcopal priest)">
Ken Howard (Episcopal priest)

Kenneth Wayne "Ken" Howard (born September 19, 1952) is an author, an ordained minister of the Episcopal Church in the Diocese of Washington, and a thought leader in church planting and post-partisan Christian unity.
Ordained Ministry.
Howard is the founding vicar and first rector of Saint Nicholas Church. He led Saint Nicholas through its 1388% growth from 1995 to present, including purchasing and breaking ground on its own property and constructing the church building itself. He gives talks and presentations nationwide on topics from his book "Paradoxy: Creating Christian Community Beyond Us and Them", as well as consulting on conflict resolution, vision, and direction for congregations and dioceses, through the Paradoxy Center for Incarnational Christianity at St. Nicholas Church.
A Christian of Jewish origins, Howard has been an ordained priest in the Episcopal Church since 1993, focusing on church planting, congregational vitality, and conflict transformation. Prior to ordination Howard was a consultant in team-building, organizational development, and strategic planning. He holds a Master of Divinity degree from Virginia Theological Seminary, with honors in Church History for his research into the Jewish origins of early Christianity, published in "Jewish Christianity in the Early Church".
In 2010, Howard authored the book "Paradoxy: Creating Christian Community Beyond Us and Them", the premise of which is to help congregations "transcend dead-end divisions and transform conflict into healthy diversity united by the love of Christ and the power of the Holy Spirit". Notable critical reviews of the book include the following:
In 2011, Howard co-founded The Spiritual Formation Centers of Greater Washington, a network of non-profit multi-church spiritual formation and training centers whose stated goal is "to provide consultation, coaching, and capacity building in individual, group, and organizational spiritual development for churches and other religious organizations."
Associations, Elections, and Appointments.
Washington Episcopal Clergy Association
Episcopal Diocese of Washington

</doc>
<doc id="36767042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767042" title="2013 FIBA Under-19 World Championship">
2013 FIBA Under-19 World Championship

The 2013 FIBA Under-19 World Championship was hosted by Czech Republic from June 27 to July 7, 2013.
The United States won their fifth title by defeating Serbia 82–68 in the final.
Format.
Teams played a round robin in the preliminary round, with the top three teams advancing to the main round. The teams played against the teams from the other groups. The top four teams advanced to the knockout stage.
Preliminary round.
The draw for the tournament was held on 15 January 2013 in Prague, Czech Republic.
Awards.
All-Tournament Team
Referees.
FIBA named 25 referees that officiated at the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36767052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767052" title="Psilocybe acadiensis">
Psilocybe acadiensis

Psilocybe acadiensis is a dark-spored agaric mushroom first described by the American mycologist Alexander H. Smith in an article titled "New and unusual dark-spored agarics from North America", published in the "Journal of the Mitchell Society" in December 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="36767060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767060" title="Punzo">
Punzo

Punzo was a Cuban baseball team in the Cuban League. They played from 1904 to 1908. 

</doc>
<doc id="36767077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767077" title="Lottery Changed My Life">
Lottery Changed My Life

Lottery Changed My Life is a television series currently being broadcast by TLC profiling various winners of the lottery.

</doc>
<doc id="36767108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767108" title="Tiger tail">
Tiger tail

A tiger tail is part of the morphology of a tiger.
Biology.
The natural pattern of the colouration of a tiger's tail depends largely on the subspecies. The extinct Caspian tiger had less developed angular patterns at the base of its tail than subspecies of the Far East. Tail length also varies between subspecies. The tails of Bengal tigers are shorter than those of Siberian tigers, which, in fully grown males, are about in length. Tigers have a variety of uses for their tails. When jumping, they use their tails as rudders. Their tails help them balance when they are climbing. Tigers also use their tails to communicate with each other. An upright, slowly wagging tail indicates friendliness, while an outstretched, quickly wagging tail indicates excitement, and a tail that is barely moving and angled towards the ground indicates tenseness.
In human culture.
In traditional Chinese medicine, tiger tails are used to treat cutaneous conditions and rheumatism. In 19th-century Korea, a military unit serving under Heungseon Daewongun wielded spears around which they tied tiger tails. Korean proverbs include "If you tread on the tail of a tiger, you'll know it," and "It is hard to let go the tail of a tiger." The idea of treading on the tail of a tiger is common in East Asia, and is often used to refer to a hazardous situation.

</doc>
<doc id="36767111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767111" title="Villa Maria Academy (1892)">
Villa Maria Academy (1892)

Villa Maria Academy are two connected historic school buildings located at Erie, Erie County, Pennsylvania. It was built in 1892, with additions and alterations in 1904 and 1927. The original building, known as the motherhouse, is a 2 1/2-story, red brick building with terra cotta trim in the High Victorian Gothic style. It features a cross gable roof with dormers and two conical roof turrets. The 3 1/2-story addition was completed in 1904. It is in the Gothic style and features parapet walls, a second story projecting bay, terra cotta decoration, and a hipped roof with dormers. Gannon Hall was built in 1927 and is connected to the original academy building by a two-story bridge. It is a 3 1/2-story, gable roofed building in the Late Gothic Revival style. The brick building features stepped gable dormers and the College Chapel section with stained glass windows, conical roof tower, and pointed buttresses. The College Chapel, also known as Villa Chapel, was added to Preservation Pennsylvania At Risk List in 2011.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="36767144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767144" title="Lyon Mountain Mountain Fire Observation Station">
Lyon Mountain Mountain Fire Observation Station

The Lyon Mountain Mountain Fire Observation Station is located 7 miles west of Dannemora in Clinton County, New York. It was established in April 1910 without a fire tower, as the summit of Lyon Mountain was bare at that time. In 1917 the New York State Conservation Commission erected a 35 foot steel Aermotor LS40 fire lookout tower that still stands atop the mountain. 
The tower was used until the end of the 1988 season and was officially closed in early 1989 when the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation determined that airplanes were more effective for spotting fires than fire towers.
The tower and surrounding land belonged to timber company Domtar until January, 2005, when Domtar sold 20,000 acres of its holdings around Lyon Mountain to The Nature Conservancy; the land has since been sold to New York State.

</doc>
<doc id="36767181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767181" title="2012–13 Montenegrin First League">
2012–13 Montenegrin First League

The 2012–13 Montenegrin First League was the seventh season of top-tier football in Montenegro. The season began on 11 August 2012 and ended on June 1, 2013. The mid-season winter break began on 2 December 2012 and ended on 7 March 2013. FK Budućnost Podgorica are the defending champions.
Teams.
Last season, Bokelj, Berane, and Dečić were relegated to the Montenegrin Second League. Montenegrin Cup winners FK Čelik Nikšić were promoted along with Mornar and Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje.
Stadiums and locations.
All figures for stadiums include seating capacity only, as many stadiums in Montenegro have stands without chairs which would otherwise be the actual amount of people able to attend football matches not regulated by UEFA or FIFA.
Results.
The schedule consisted of three rounds. During the first two rounds, each team played each other once home and away for a total of 22 matches. The pairings of the third round were then set according to the standings after the first two rounds, giving every team a third game against each opponent for a total of 33 games per team.
Third round.
Key numbers for pairing determination (number marks position after 22 games):
Relegation play-offs.
The 10th-placed team (against the 3rd-placed team of the Second League) and the 11th-placed team (against the runners-up of the Second League) will both compete in two-legged relegation play-offs after the end of the season.
Second legs.
"Mornar won 2–1 on aggregate."
"Mogren won 9–2 on aggregate."

</doc>
<doc id="36767189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767189" title="Sheriff of Cork City">
Sheriff of Cork City

In the Ireland, a sheriff () is a court officer in both Dublin City and County and Cork City and County who earn their fees from poundage (commission). Before 1842 two sheriffs (and the Mayor) were voted into office annually by the freemen of the borough. After that time the power of appointment of a single sheriff per year was vested in the crown.
The sheriffs are charged with enforcing civil judgements against debtors within their bailiwick.
The Dublin and Cork sheriffs also perform all the duties of returning officers in elections (other than local elections) and some other duties concerning pounds. Sheriffs may appoint court messengers, subject to approval of the Minister for Justice, to assist them with their work.

</doc>
<doc id="36767209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767209" title="American Osteopathic Board of Neurology and Psychiatry">
American Osteopathic Board of Neurology and Psychiatry

The American Osteopathic Board of Neurology and Psychiatry (AOBNP) is an organization that provides board certification to qualified Doctors of Osteopathic Medicine (D.O.) who specialize in disorders of the nervous system (neurologists) and to qualified Doctors of Osteopathic Medicine who specialize in the diagnosis and treatment of mental disorders (psychiatrists). The board is one of 18 medical specialty certifying boards of the American Osteopathic Association Bureau of Osteopathic Specialists (AOABOS) of the American Osteopathic Association (AOA). Established in 1941, the AOBNP is responsible for examining DOs who have completed an AOA-approved residency training in neurology and/or psychiatry. The purpose of the certification examination is to ensure that physicians who have completed the required training have a high level of competency and therefore can safely provide services to their patients which meets a well established standard of care. Physicians who successfully pass both parts of the examination are recommended by the AOBNP to the AOABOS for certification. The AOABOS holds the ultimate authority in conferring board certification.
The AOBNP is one of two certifying boards for neurologists and psychiatrists in the United States. The other certifying authority is the American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology, Inc. (ABPN), a member board of the American Board of Medical Specialties. As of December 2011, there are 486 osteopathic neurologists and psychiatrists who hold active primary board certification with the AOBNP. A total of 38 physicians hold a Certificate of Special Qualifications in Child Psychiatry and 3 physicians hold a Certificate of Special Qualification in Child Neurology. A total of 41 physicians hold a Certificate of Added Qualification in at least one of the five subspecialty areas of neurology and psychiatry.
Organization.
There are ten elected members of the AOBNP. Each member is an AOA board-certified physician, certified through the AOBNP. Membership includes a representative from each area of neurology (4), psychiatry (4), child neurology (1), child psychiatry (1) and a representative from each of the time divisions of the United States whenever possible. The administrative responsibilities of the Board rest with the Executive Director, with the day-to-day functioning carried out by the Administrator.
Board certification.
AOBNP certification requires: the Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine degree from an AOA accredited college of Osteopathic Medicine, at least 2 years of AOA membership, completion of 3 years of training in an AOA approved neurology or psychiatry residency program following 1 year of training in a AOA approved rotating internship program, an active and unrestricted medical license in at least one state in the United States and passing of required board examinations after payment of required fees. Although the ABPN has formally eliminated the Part II oral and clinical skills examinations as a certification requirement, the AOBNP continues to require oral and clinical skills testing to attain board certification.
Physicians who successfully complete the certification process are referred to as diplomates. As of January 1, 1996, the AOBNP presents diplomates with a numbered certificate that is valid for 10 years. Diplomates are required to seek recertification after 10 years.
Osteopathic neurologists and psychiatrists may receive Certification of Special Qualifications in the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="36767225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767225" title="Scour">
Scour

Scour may refer to:
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="36767245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767245" title="Crossbones (TV series)">
Crossbones (TV series)

Crossbones is an American television series on the NBC network. The series is a fictionalization of the life of the pirate Edward "Blackbeard" Teach in and around the island of New Providence in The Bahamas. The show was created by Neil Cross, James V. Hart and Amanda Welles. 
The network announced the series in May 2012 with a straight-to-series commitment. Ten episodes were ordered, with production beginning in Puerto Rico on October 15, 2013. It was originally supposed to be a part of NBC's midseason schedule, but was later pushed to summer.
The series premiered on May 30, 2014, at 10:00 pm EDT.
The series is based on the book "The Republic of Pirates" by Colin Woodard.
Georgeville Television, which had been participating as a production company, dropped out of the project.
Plot.
During the War of the Spanish Succession, the island of New Providence in the Bahamas is home to pirates, thieves and cutthroats all ruled by the feared pirate captain Edward "Blackbeard" Teach, who is believed to be dead by the British Empire, however he is merely in hiding. Calling himself "Commodore", he now uses this island as his base of operations. 
According to the first episode, "At its height, the British Empire was the most powerful force humanity had ever known. Fully 1/5 of the world's population lived and died under the British flag. Yet its true power was not on land but on the sea where they ruled with the most brutal and efficient military force that has ever been: the British Navy. But the oceans that this navy sought to control were vast, unknowable and full of terrible danger. And for all the Crown's might, its ships were often lost to starvation, to storm and tempest, and to pirates. So it was in 1712, the Crown offered a prince's fortune to whomever could create a device that would allow its navy to navigate this great emptiness with a precision never before known. With this device, the Empire would increase its dominion over the world. But without it, the ships of the Crown would continue to be easy prey, not only from the gods and monsters of legend, but from a monster far more brutal and far more real."
Reception.
"Crossbones" has received mixed reviews among critics. According to The Wrap, "The show leans more closely to blood-and-guts intrigue of Starz's "Black Sails" than to Pirates of Caribbean merriment"; "NBC's "Crossbones" series drew critic in with the prospect of John Malkovich as Blackbeard, and while he does indeed dig into the pirate role with relish, it's not enough to save the show. The period yarn begins with great verve Friday night, but stumbles over narrative gymnastics to keep key players plotting against each other." According to Mary McNamara of "Los Angeles Times", "Slipstreaming the more hyper-paced and R-rated "Black Sails" on Starz, "Crossbones" may have a similar conceit—pirates are people too!—but its narrative ambitions are a bit loftier, driven more by character than plot." McNamara notes "There's so much plot, in fact, that it more than occasionally overwhelms what is clearly the heart of creator Neil Cross' tale: the surprisingly hypnotic game of psychological cat and mouse played by Blackbeard and the man who has been sent to kill him. That would be Tom Lowe (Richard Coyle), super-agent of the Royal Navy who enters our story posing as a ship's doctor."
On Rotten Tomatoes, the show holds a rating of 61%, with the consensus being: "John Malkovich's show-stealing performance keeps "Crossbones" partially afloat, but an overly serious tone and choppy editing make this a leaky vessel for his talents". On Metacritic, the show earned a rating of 57 out of 100 from 23 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Home media release.
On September 2, 2014, the first season of "Crossbones" will be released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc.

</doc>
<doc id="36767262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767262" title="Archery at the Pan American Games">
Archery at the Pan American Games

Archery has been part of the Pan American Games since the 1979 Games in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Medal table.
1979 marked the beginning of the modern archery competition at the Pan American Games. Table includes discontinued events.

</doc>
<doc id="36767303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767303" title="Kumla Church, Närke">
Kumla Church, Närke

Kumla Church (Swedish: "Kumla kyrka") is located in Kumla in Närke, Sweden.
History.
In the 12th century a church with tower in west in Romanesque art was built. In the 13th century it was rebuilt and became an aisleless church and in west naves were built. A few centuries later the church became greater in south and got two naves. Until 1829 the church had a belltower, built of Middle Age "kastal".
The Middle Age church was demolished when a new new-classical church was built 1829–34. Architect was Per Axel Nyström. In 1968 the church burnt. A new church was built 1971–72, architect was Jerk Alton, and the new church was opened on the 1st Sunday of Advent by bishop Tord Simonsson. There is a small museum in the bell tower.

</doc>
<doc id="36767310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767310" title="Abidar Open Air Cinema">
Abidar Open Air Cinema

Abidar Open Air Cinema, one of the biggest outdoor cinemas, was built by mayor Ardavan Nosoudi in 1995 over the Amireih valley in Sanandaj, capital city of Kurdistan, Iran. There used to show a movie every Friday.
Until just a few years ago, the only video that could be played in the Abidar cinema was by 35 mm movie projectors and using other sources like TV, DVD, etc. was not possible. The sound was then broadcast through the transmitter, people were listening through radio using FM broadcast band frequency but that was not comfortable because of the audio and video was not synchronize.
Recently it is switched from 35mm film to Digital Cinema projector. 
Using DLP Cinema offers a perfect resolution of 1080*2048 with 1:2000 contrast, in 3D with bright, stunning clarity. 
AIRSCREEN screen surface size is 90x38ft / 27x11 m and distance of facilities from cinema screen is 47m.
Audio is provided by the Community R2 loudspeakers 3-way, triaxial, full-range systems.
Sound can be heard from three hundred meters away
With the amplifier rated at approximately 400 watts and the frequency response 70 Hz to 16 kHz ±1dB, Sound can be heard up to about 300 meter away. 
http://www.irinn.ir/Default.aspx?TabId=55&nid=178962
http://www.ghatreh.com/news/4978214.htm

</doc>
<doc id="36767312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767312" title="Tigertail (disambiguation)">
Tigertail (disambiguation)

Tigertail is a family of dragonflies.
Tigertail may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36767354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767354" title="Miodrag Ćirković">
Miodrag Ćirković

Miodrag Ćirković (Serbian Cyrillic: Миодраг Ћирковић) (born October 23, 1965) is a retired Serbian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="36767365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767365" title="Lorenza Cobb">
Lorenza Cobb

Lorenza S. N. Cobb (February 10, 1888 – January 21, 1953) was an American baseball catcher in the Negro Leagues. He played from 1914 to 1920, playing mostly with the St. Louis Giants. After his playing career, he became secretary of the Negro National League. He served in the 804th Pioneer Infantry during World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="36767439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767439" title="Verina Wihongi">
Verina Wihongi

Verina Rosiland Wihongi is a taekwando practitioner from New Zealand. 
She represented New Zealand at the 2004 Summer Olympics at Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="36767478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767478" title="Kumla Church">
Kumla Church

Kumla Church may refer to one of several churches in Sweden:

</doc>
<doc id="36767549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767549" title="2012 Sudan Antonov An-26 crash">
2012 Sudan Antonov An-26 crash

The 2012 Sudan Antonov An-26 crash was the 19 August 2012 crash of an aircraft near the town of Talodi, Sudan, killing all 32 persons on board. The aircraft was carrying a Sudanese government delegation. Among the victims were members of the Sudanese government, several ranking members of the Sudanese Armed Forces and other officials, and a television crew.
Aircraft.
Although some early media reports mistakenly announced the crash as a helicopter crash, the aircraft involved was an Antonov An-26-100 civilian airplane, chartered for this flight by the Sudanese Government and operated by the Sudanese private air carrier Alfa Airlines (ICAO code AAJ), tail number ST-ARL.
The aircraft was built at the Ukrainian "Aviant" aircraft plant in the Soviet Union and entered service on 16 December 1974. It flew on Soviet and Russian regional routes until July 1998. It was sold to an Armenian air carrier, and then to Trans Attico, Air Libya, Ababeel Aviation, and other air companies in Africa. It was acquired by Alfa Airlines in July 2009 and was modified from Antonov An-26 to Antonov An-26-100 standard at Kiev Aircraft Repair Plant 410 in Ukraine in 2010.
There have been several deadly plane crashes in Sudan in recent years. All Sudanese airlines, including Alfa Airlines, are banned for safety reasons from flying in European airspace. The Sudanese authorities complain that it is difficult to get spare parts because of sanctions the United States has imposed against Khartoum. This crash was the first accident in the history of Alfa Airlines, which was founded only in 2009.
Passengers and crew.
The chartered plane was carrying a Sudanese government delegation, from the capital of the country, Khartoum, to the town of Talodi in South Kordofan, a war-torn state with ongoing fighting between Sudan's army and rebel groups, for an Eid al-Fitr celebration, to mark the end of the holy month of Ramadan.
The official list of the passengers and crew, all of whom died in the crash, is as follows:
The aircraft was flown by a senior Russian captain, assisted by a Sudanese first officer, a 43-year old navigator from Tajikistan and a 42-year old Armenian flight engineer.
Crash.
Antonov An-26 had taken off from Khartoum International Airport at around 6:02 a.m. local time on 19 August 2012. Approximately at 8 a.m., the plane crashed into the Hajar Al-Nar Mountain of the Nuba Mountain range near Talodi, a small town about 595 km (372 miles) southwest of Khartoum and 50 km (30 miles) from the border with South Sudan. A television statement said that the weather had prevented the aircraft from landing on its first attempt, and on its second attempt, the plane crashed into a mountain.
According to "The Aviation Herald", Talodi Airstrip features a single paved, unmarked runway of 1800 m (5900 ft) length.
Investigation.
An official with Sudan's Civil Aviation Authority said that bad weather was responsible for the crash. The official news agency of Sudan, "SUNA", also said the crash happened "due to the bad weather conditions". Minister of Information Ahmed Bilal Osman also added that the plane was attempting to land in bad weather conditions in Talodi, as seasonal heavy rains left the pilots with "zero visibility," when it crashed into a mountain.
Rebel spokesman Arnu Ngutulu Lodi denied that his rebel forces were involved with the crash, which happened outside of rebel territory.
Two days after the crash, on 21 August 2012, Sudan Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) chief Mohammad Abdul-Aziz tendered his resignation to the President of Sudan. “As a leader of the CAA am ready to shoulder responsibility of the tragic incident regardless of its causes,” he said. However, President Bashir rejected his resignation, urging the chief to continue a newly approved program of reforms to the development and supervision of the CAA.
On 24 August 2012, the local government reported the flight recorders have been found and recovered from the crash site.

</doc>
<doc id="36767577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767577" title="Roderick Jones">
Roderick Jones

Roderick Jones may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36767623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767623" title="2013 New Zealand Warriors season">
2013 New Zealand Warriors season

The 2013 New Zealand Warriors season was the New Zealand Warriors 19th first-grade season. The club competed in Australasia's National Rugby League. The coach of the team was Matthew Elliott while Simon Mannering was the club's captain.
Fixtures.
Pre-season training.
Pre-season training began on 5 November 2012. Australian wrestler and mixed martial arts fighter Brad Morris was employed on the Warriors coaching staff. The team was based at the Millennium Institute of Sport and Health and North Harbour Stadium during the pre-Christmas period. Four players joined the squad on pre-season trial contracts; Charlie Gubb, Suaia Matagi, Atelea Nafetalai, Nathaniel Peteru.
Regular season.
The Warriors will play ten home matches at Mount Smart Stadium, one at Eden Park and another at Westpac Stadium in Wellington. This will be the Warriors first home match held outside of Auckland.
Other teams.
The Junior Warriors again competed in the Holden Cup while senior players who were not required for the first team played with the Auckland Vulcans in the NSW Cup.
Holden Cup Squad.
In John Ackland's last season with the club, the Junior Warriors made the grand final, before losing 30-42 to the Penrith Panthers juniors.
Grand Final team: David Fusitua, Metia Lisati, Adam Tuimavave-Gerrard, Ngataua Hukatai, Viliami Lolohea, Tuimoala Lolohea, Mason Lino, James Taylor, Siliva Havili, Albert Vete, Michael Sio, Raymond Faitala-Mariner and David Bhana (c). Bench: Eko Malu, Sam Lisone, Kouma Samson, Solomone Kata.
Seventeen Junior Warriors attended an NRL rookie camp on the 24 and 25 November 2012. They were Vincent Afoa, Katamiro Atera, Trent Bishop, Raymond Faitala-Mariner, Sione Feao, David Fusitua, Ngani Laumape, Mason Lino, Sam Lisone, Kouma Samson, Kurt Robinson, Lafu Feagaiga, Tama Koopu, Kenneth Maumalo, Eric Newbigging, Sam Cook and Esera Esera.
Vulcans squad.
The Vulcans were coached by Willie Swann, who was assisted by Brent Gemmel.
The Vulcans made the finals, losing to the Wests Tigers 24-34 in an elimination final.
The 2013 squad was Aaron Nootai, Agnatius Passi, Atelea Nafetalai, Daniel Palavi, Murray Iti, Nathaniel Peteru, Steve Waetford, Tangi Ropati and Zoram Watene. In addition, the Vulcans were able to select players contracted to the Warriors and not selected for first grade, including four under 20 players; Ngani Laumape, Siliva Havili, Trent Bishop and Visesio Setefano.
Suaia Matagi was named the player of the year, ahead of runner up Tangi Ropati. John Palavi was named the rookie of the year.
Awards.
Captain Simon Mannering won the Player of the Year award while Ngani Laumape won Rookie of the Year. The Clubman of the Year was Manu Vatuvei and Shaun Johnson won the People’s Player of the Year, decided by public vote. Jerome Ropati was presented with a special Legacy Award.

</doc>
<doc id="36767626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767626" title="Wixford railway station">
Wixford railway station

Wixford railway station was a railway station serving Wixford, a village in the English county of Warwickshire. Located on the edge of the village it was accessed by steps down from a bridge carrying the B4085 (Icknield Street).
Opened 17 September 1866 the station was originally going to be a temporary one but was eventually made permanent by the Midland Railway. From the start the station was manned from a small wooden hut which included the waiting room and toilet. As well as the hut there were lampposts for lighting and a bench. There was a single track siding which included a loading gauge, portable livestock ramp and a small goods shed.
Aside from a short period in 1901 when the nearby River Arrow flooded and damaged the line, the station remained open through to 1950. Passenger and freight services ended on the same day that year, although the line was operational for several years afterwards before being closed and lifted in 1965. The station site is still accessible and although the track bed is completely covered there are remains of the platform.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="36767648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767648" title="1984 Copa del Rey Final">
1984 Copa del Rey Final

The Copa del Rey 1984 Final was the 80th final of the King's Cup. The final was played at Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in Madrid, on 5 May 1984, being won by Athletic Club, who beat Barcelona 1–0.

</doc>
<doc id="36767673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767673" title="Kir (river)">
Kir (river)

The Kir ( or "Kiri") is a river in northern Albania that first flows south-southwest and then southwest out of the North Albanian Alps and enters a distributary of the Drin just below Shkodër.
In the upper reaches the river cuts the "Canyon of the Kir" with dramatic cliffs. Just outside Shkodër, in Mes, the old stone Mes Bridge crosses the Kir.

</doc>
<doc id="36767732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767732" title="Victorian Honour Roll of Women">
Victorian Honour Roll of Women

The Victorian Honour Roll of Women was established in 2001 to recognise the achievements of women from the Australian state of Victoria. The Honour Roll was established as part of the celebrations of Victoria's Centenary of Federation.
Public nominations for the Honour Roll open in the second half of each year and the inductees are determined by an independent panel of women. , 497 women have been inducted onto the Honour Roll. The Office of Women's Policy produces commemorative booklets that contain biographical sketches of each woman inducted onto the Honour Roll. In 2012, the 20 inductees were selected from over 140 nominations and were honoured by Minister for Women's Affairs Mary Wooldridge.

</doc>
<doc id="36767743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767743" title="Antoine McClain">
Antoine McClain

Antoine McClain (born December 6, 1989) is an American football offensive guard for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). He initially signed with the Baltimore Ravens as an undrafted free agent in 2012. Originally from Anniston, Alabama, McClain played college football at Clemson University.
High school.
He was named to the ASWA First-Team All-State after his Senior season. He participated at in the ESPN/Under Armour All-American game.
College career.
He played College football at Clemson. During his time in Clemson, He participated in 2,438 snaps and He played in 54 games and started 41 of them.
In his Senior year, He played in 14 games and started all 14 games.
In his Junior year, He played in 13 games and started all 13 games and he was involved in 704 snaps. He was selected to the Third-team All-ACC and ACC All-Academic Honor Roll.
In his Sophomore year, He started 14 games. He was named the starting offensive guard and recorded 66 knockdown blocks.
In his Freshman year, He played in 13 games and was involved in 149 snaps.
Professional career.
Baltimore Ravens.
On April 30, 2012, After going undrafted in the 2012 NFL Draft, He signed with the Baltimore Ravens. On August 31, 2012, He was released. On September 1, 2012, He resigned with team and assign to the practice squad.
Oakland Raiders.
On September 1, 2013 the Oakland Raiders signed McClain.
Buffalo Bills.
On October 7, 2013, McClain was claimed off waivers by the Buffalo Bills.

</doc>
<doc id="36767754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767754" title="Busy Bein' Born">
Busy Bein' Born

"Busy Bein' Born" is a song by Middle Class Rut from their 2010 album "No Name No Color".
Premise.
The video details child kidnapping, forced child labor and a Fight Club for children.
Video.
A young man is shown chained by his neck and bleeding from his mouth in a prison cell.

</doc>
<doc id="36767764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767764" title="2013 FIBA Under-19 World Championship for Women">
2013 FIBA Under-19 World Championship for Women

The 2013 FIBA Under-19 World Championship for Women was hosted by Lithuania from July 18 until July 28, 2013.
The United States won their fifth straight and sixth overall title by defeating France 61–28 in the final.
Format.
Teams played a round robin in the preliminary round, with the top three teams advancing to the main round. The teams played against the teams from the other groups. The top four teams advanced to the knockout stage.
Group Stage.
The draw for the tournament was held on 17 January 2013 in Vilnius, Lithuania.
Statistical leaders.
Points
Rebounds
Assists
Blocks
Steals
Awards.
All-Tournament Team
Referees.
FIBA named 25 referees that officiated at the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36767785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767785" title="Donald Leach">
Donald Leach

Donald Charles (Don) Leach is a New Zealand rower. 
He represented New Zealand in the coxless fours at the 2004 Summer Olympics at Athens, they came fourth.

</doc>
<doc id="36767810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767810" title="Ahmed Dabbah">
Ahmed Dabbah

Ahmed Dabbah (, ; born January 27, 1955) is an Israeli Arab politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Kadima between 2012 and 2013, the party's first non-Druze Arab MK. He also served as mayor of Deir al-Asad and the now-dissolved city of Shaghur.
Biography.
Dabbah started his career as a primary school teacher, before becoming the owner and CEO of "Saleh Dabbah and Sons", a business conglomerate including supermarkets and a slaughterhouse, as well as establishing the Dabbah shopping mall in Deir al-Asad. He has nine children.
Political career.
In 1992 he joined Likud, but transferred to Kadima after it was founded in 2005, becoming one of its leading activists. Although he was given a high placing by Ariel Sharon on the party's original list for the 2006 Knesset elections, he was ultimately placed only 51st on the final list, and failed to win a seat as the party won only 29. He was placed 36th on the party's list for the 2009 elections, but again failed to win a seat as the party won only 28 seats.
Dabbah has been the mayor of Deir-el-Asad, as well as the head of the Shagur Local Council. As mayor of Deir-el-Asad, Dabbah helped Shaul Mofaz gain votes among the Arab-Israeli public, who was running to replace Tzipi Livni as leader of Kadima. Dabbah helped bring 1,121 votes from his town of Deir-el-Asad for Shaul Mofaz, which totals more votes than both Mofaz's and Livni's combined votes from Tel Aviv, which numbered 1,112. Dabbah has said that he is a public figure that the public trusts, and objects to being called a "vote contractor."
Dabbah was sworn into the Knesset on 16 August 2012 as a replacement for Avi Dichter, who had resigned his seat on 14 August after leaving the party in order to join the Netanyahu government as an independent. This took the number of Arab members of the Knesset to 17, a record.
Placed ninth on the Kadima list for the 2013 elections, he lost his seat as the party were reduced to two MKs.

</doc>
<doc id="36767826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767826" title="Psilocybe ferrugineo-lateritia">
Psilocybe ferrugineo-lateritia

Psilocybe ferrugineo-lateritia is a dark-spored agaric mushroom briefly mentioned (on page 200) in the Journal of the Mitchell Society by Alexander H. Smith (Dec., 1946). The article title is New and Unusual Dark-Spored Agarics from North America.

</doc>
<doc id="36767842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767842" title="Round Island (Ohio)">
Round Island (Ohio)

Round Island, is a private island, located within Buckeye Lake, in Fairfield County, Ohio. In the 1920s, a cottage was built on the island, and in 1995 it was purchased and renovated by the late Dave Thomas, CEO and founder of Wendy's restaurants.

</doc>
<doc id="36767927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767927" title="John Grenville (disambiguation)">
John Grenville (disambiguation)

John Grenville was a historian.
John Grenville may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36767960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767960" title="Abbey of Saint-Arnould">
Abbey of Saint-Arnould

The Abbey of Saint-Arnould, St. Arnold,Saint-Arnoult or Abbey of the Holy Apostles is a Benedictine abbey residing in Metz since the 6th century.
History.
The origins of the abbey are a mystery. According to legend it was founded in the 2nd century by Bishop Patient Metz, as the Basilica of St. John Evangelist. Although no historical record exists before the 6th century, it was named the "Church of the Holy Apostles" in 715. It stood in front of medieval ramparts of the Hôpital Notre Dame de Bon Secours, near the Roman road leading to Toul and Lyon.
According to another source, this was the site of the "Church of St. Theresa of the Child Jesus" which stood in front of the hospital.
In 717, the Abbey took the name of St. Arnulf, due to the relics of Arnulf of Metz, Bishop of Metz being interred there in 641.
Charlemagne made this abbey the burial place of his family: his wife Hildegarde, sisters, son, Emperor Louis the Pious and Bishop Drogo were all buried here.
It was destroyed, by the Normans in the 9th century, when they plundered Metz. However, the abbey was rebuilt in same location. In 1049, saw the consecration of a more grandiose church, which suffered a fire in 1097.
In 942, the bishop Adalberon moved the monks from Abbey Gorze to Saint Arnould, under the direction of the abbot Heribert, to establish a Benedictine Abbey. From 996-997, the bishop Adalberon II entrusted William of Volpiano, as abbot, to continue this reform. Around the year 1000 the abbot appointed Guillaume Benoit, who had been his student at the Cathedral Benign Dijon and after his death in 1015, Benoit himself became the abbot of St.Arnould.
In the 9th century, relics of St. Gorgon, a 4th century Roman martyr, were transferred to the abbey.
The siege of Metz by Charles V in 1552 led to the destruction of the abbey. The abbey was transferred to inside the walls of the Dominican convent of preachers, built in 1221. The church was rebuilt in 17th century. These buildings, can be seen today, in particular with the cloister, the refectory and the former sacristy.
The Abbey resided in the Diocese of Metz within the province of Trier until 1780. The Diocese of Metz, was transferred to the province of Besançon from 1801.
During the French Revolution it was confiscated as property of the state, monks were expelled and the imperial tombs were destroyed. Part of the tomb of Louis the Pious resides at the museum of Metz. After the Revolution, vineyards were planted at the site of the abbey.
The Abbey of Saint-Arnould has a Pietà carved around 1520. It was "walled up" above one of the entrances to the chapel of the abbey during the Reign of Terror(1793-1794). Following an edict from the mayor of Metz requesting that all religious representations are hidden from public view, it was rediscovered in 1990 during some construction (the site of the chapel is the current tennis court behind the Governor's Palace ). Dated around the 10th century, it is one of the most beautiful polychrome Pieta known in the world (according to the experts participating in the symposium organized by the Renaissance old Metz in association with the Ministry of Defence and the land area of the COMMAND North East May 11, 2007).
Fate of the Abbey.
During the French Revolution an artillery and engineering school moved into the monastery buildings. Later, a 42 m high turret was constructed during the Second French Empire, to observe the maneuvers of artillery on Mont Saint-Quentin. During the German occupation in 1872, the artillery school gave way to the " Kriegsschule Metz," a German military school. In April 1919, the abbey became the headquarters of the "Cercle des Officers" of Metz

</doc>
<doc id="36767962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767962" title="L'Annalistique romaine">
L'Annalistique romaine

"L'Annalistique romaine" is a three-volume collection of scholarly editions of fragmentary Roman historical texts edited by Martine Chassignet, a professor of history and specialist in historiography at Nancy 2 University. Begun in 1996, the series was completed in 2004. Chassignet also provides a French translation of the works; her work supplants what was until then the standard edition, the "Historicorum Romanorum reliquiae" by Hermann Peter, published between 1870 and 1914. Chassignet, whose 1986 edition of Cato the Elder's "Origines" was praised by critics, acknowledged Peter's as the model for her edition, which for the most part has the same selection of authors and texts.
In the middle of the twentieth century there were repeated calls (including by Felix Jacoby, editor of a similar collection of Greek fragments, "Fragmente der griechischen Historiker") for an updated, revised edition of the fragments. Chassignet's edition is praised for its judicious and conservative commentary and its standard of scholarship. At the same time, one reviewer remarked that the "historiographical edifice" of Peter's edition is retained in Chassignet's edition, and that the practice of regarding problems of authorship as necessary and soluble should be recast into "a more permissive approach, which allows readers to make sense for themselves of the possibilities for diverse readings of these
mutilated ghosts." Other editors besides Chassignet have taken up the project of publishing the important fragments of Roman literary tradition, including E. Courtney ("Fragmentary Latin Poets") and Henrica Malcovati ("Oratorum Romanorum Fragmenta"); a multi-volume edition of such texts, "The Fragmentary Roman Historians", edited by a team of British scholars under the direction of Tim Cornell from the University of Manchester was announced as in press in 2011 with Oxford UP.

</doc>
<doc id="36767983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36767983" title="A. I. Selden Dam">
A. I. Selden Dam

A. I. Selden Dam is a dam in Hale County, Alabama. The concrete gravity dam was constructed in 1958 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers with a height of and long at its crest. It impounds the Black Warrior River for navigation and flood control. Named for the U.S. Representative from Alabama, Armistead I. Selden, Jr., the dam is owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers. 
The riverine reservoir it creates, Warrior Lake, has a water surface of 12.2 square miles, a length of 77 miles, and has a maximum capacity of 58,650 acre-feet. Recreation includes camping, boating, fishing, hunting, and hiking, as well as seven day-use parks maintained by the Corps. Alabama's Hale County Road 38 crosses the river over dam. 

</doc>
<doc id="36768021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768021" title="Meer uitgebreid lager onderwijs">
Meer uitgebreid lager onderwijs

Meer uitgebreid lager onderwijs (Dutch, "more advanced primary education") was during part of the twentieth century a level of education in the Netherlands (and the Dutch East Indies), comparable with the junior high school level in the US education system. Its successors were the mavo and vbo, now both replaced by vmbo.

</doc>
<doc id="36768042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768042" title="Jayne Furlong">
Jayne Furlong

Jayne Furlong was a 17-year-old New Zealand girl from Auckland who was abducted on 26 May 1993 and subsequently murdered while working in the sex trade. At the time she disappeared she was due to testify as a witness for the prosecution in two separate legal cases - one involving gang members accused of an assault, and the other relating to a businessman charged with brutal attacks on sex workers.
In 2007 her case was featured on the television series Sensing Murder. Her remains were discovered buried deep under a sand dune at Sunset Beach in Port Waikato on 19 May 2012, being identified by DNA. She was laid to rest at St George's Anglican Church in Epsom on Friday July 20, 2012.
Her murder investigation is ongoing and the police are probing old information and setting up a Facebook page to help with their inquiries.
Jayne's ex-partner, who reported her missing, on 28 May 1993, has refused to speak to Police ever since her bodily remains were found.
Two witnesses claim to have overheard a confession to the killing of Jayne Furlong by a career criminal during 2003; the Police said their information contained factually incorrect information - so their potential leads were not further investigated.

</doc>
<doc id="36768046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768046" title="Arthur Davenport (engineer)">
Arthur Davenport (engineer)

Arthur Davenport F.R.Ae.S (1891 to 1976) was a British aircraft engineer working for Westland Aircraft.
When the Westland Aircraft Works was created by the Petter twins in 1915, Arthur was one of the first draughtsman to be recruited from Petter's Ltd . He was chief designer from 1919, working under the direction of Teddy Petter from May 1934 until 1944, when Petter left and Davenport became technical director. According to Harald Penrose, he was made the scapegoat for the late delivery of the Wyvern and headed into retirement in March 1952.
In the 1920s, when most aircraft were biplanes, Arthur was a strong proponent of the monoplane Most of his monopane designs were high-winged or parasol, culminating in the Lysander. During his career he was involved in the design of the following fixed-wing aircraft.
In the early 1930s he worked with Juan de la Cierva to develop the Cierva C.29 and CL-20 autogyros. It was this interest in rotary winged aircraft that would lead Westland to manufacture Sikorsky helicopters in the early 1950s.

</doc>
<doc id="36768051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768051" title="National People's Party (South Africa, 1981)">
National People's Party (South Africa, 1981)

The National People's Party was a South African political party founded in 1981 by Amichand Rajbansi. It participated in political structures established for Indian South Africans during the apartheid era: first the South African Indian Council, and then the House of Delegates in the Tricameral Parliament.
The NPP controlled the South African Indian Council after its election in 1981. When the House of Delegates was created at the election of 1984, the NPP won 18 of 40 elected seats. In the election of 1989 it won only 8 seats, coming second to the Solidarity Party.
After the end of apartheid in 1994 the party reformed as the Minority Front.

</doc>
<doc id="36768053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768053" title="Austin &amp; Ally (soundtrack)">
Austin &amp; Ally (soundtrack)

Austin & Ally is a Disney Channel soundtrack from the hit TV series, Austin & Ally. The album features songs from the show's first season performed by Ross Lynch with two bonus tracks performed by the band R5. It was released digitally and physically by Walt Disney Records on September 11, 2012.
Background and release.
During a commercial for the single "Heard It on the Radio", Ross Lynch announced that a soundtrack for the show was on its way. The track list was revealed on July 20, 2012.
Charts and chart performance.
The soundtrack peaked at #27 on the "Billboard" 200. It also debuted at #1 on the iTunes Soundtrack chart and remained there for four weeks.
Singles.
A Billion Hits.
"A Billion Hits" is the debut single by Ross Lynch. It is the first single off of the album. The song was written and produced by Mitch Allan and Jason Evigan. It was released on April 2, 2012.
Background.
The song was composed by the songwriter and producer Mitch Allan, known to form the same partnership to compose songs like "Save the Day" for Selena Gomez, for the album, "Stars Dance", "Heart Attack" for Demi Lovato for the album "Demi" and "Play My Music" for Jonas Brothers, for the album "Camp Rock". On April 2, the song was officially released to iTunes.
Music video.
The video premiered on Disney Channel during "Jessie", on July 13, 2012.
Heard It on the Radio.
"Heard It on the Radio" is a song performed by Ross Lynch. It is the second single off of the album. The song was written and produced by Jeannie Lurie. It was released on July 13, 2012.
Background.
The song was composed by the songwriter and producer Jeannie Lurie, known to form the same partnership to compose songs like "And The Crowd Goes" by Chris Brochu, for the soundtrack of "Lemonade Mouth", "So Far, So Great" and "What to Do" by Demi Lovato for the album "Here We Go Again" and "Sonny with a Chance", "Shake It Up" by Selena Gomez, for the soundtrack, ". On July 13, the song was officially released to iTunes.
Music video.
The video premiered on the Disney Channel during Jessie, on July 13, 2012. The music video can be found on YouTube on the channel DisneyChannelVEVO.

</doc>
<doc id="36768056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768056" title="Annaleise Carr">
Annaleise Carr

Annaleise Carr (born March 12, 1998) of Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada, became the youngest person to swim across Lake Ontario on Sunday, 19 August 2012 at the age of 14. 
Annaleise had to qualify for this swim which was overseen by the regulated body and supervision of Solo Swims of Ontario. After qualifying and filing the 70 pages of paperwork a date was set Aug 18 2012. With Lisa Anderson, her parents, grandparents, great grandparents and crew she was set with a huge flurry of media watching her leave as well as being on the water with her. Annaleise began her swim from Niagara-on-the-Lake(considered one of the world's most difficult open water swims) at 6:17:10 pm on 18 August 2012. She arrived at Marilyn Bell Park in Toronto after swimming for almost 27 hours, touching land at 8:58 pm on 19 August 2012. During her attempt, spectators received updates via live blogs, Twitter, and GPS live tracking. 
During her swim Annaleise's fundraising increased to $60,000, $80,000 to over $100,000 after her swim. To date Annaleise has raised over $250,000 for the Children and families at Camp Trillium. At the time of her swim Annaliese was the youngest person to cross Lake Ontario at 14 yrs 158 days and set an international record to be the youngest swimmer to swim continuously in open water for more than 24hrs (24 Hour Club). Annaleise's swim from Niagara-On-The-Lake to Toronto's Marilyn Bell Park when calculated through GPS; Annaleise swam close to 70km due to being pushed off course due to currents and waves of approx 6ft high pushing back toward Niagara-on-the-Lake. Through all this Annaleise's 4'10" frame accomplished the impossible all for the kids at Camp Trillium.
Swim across Lake Ontario.
Carr began her swim from Niagara-on-the-Lake at 6:17:10 pm on 18 August 2012. She arrived at Marilyn Bell Park in Toronto after swimming for almost 27 hours, touching land at 8:58 pm on 19 August 2012. During her attempt, spectators received updates via live blogs, Twitter, and GPS live tracking. One of Carr's goals was to raise $30,000 for a summer camp for children with cancer. By 24 hours into the race, she had raised over $60,000 for the camp. By 22 August 2012, almost $140,000 had been raised in her name.

</doc>
<doc id="36768057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768057" title="Brother (Canadian band)">
Brother (Canadian band)

Brother was a short-lived band from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, most famous for their connection to The Guess Who. 
History.
Formed at the end of 1969 by Vance "Masters" Schmidt (drums, vocals), Kurt Winter (guitar, vocals), and Bill Wallace (bass, vocals), the band was together for less than six months. All three were seasoned members of Winnipeg's rock music scene. Disenchanted with the politics of booking agents and the music union at that time, as well as the music being produced by other acts, the band formed as a collective, sharing lead vocals, writing credits, and management duties.
While short-lived, the band is legendary for its connection to prominent top-ten Canadian rock band The Guess Who. When founding member, guitarist and songwriter Randy Bachman left the group suddenly in 1970, the band was left short one member, and started searching for a replacement who could write songs as well as play guitar, and preferably somebody with an available catalogue. Band leader Burton Cummings recruited Brother guitarist Kurt Winter, who joined "The Guess Who" and took some of Brother's songs with him, including "Hand Me Down World" and "Bus Rider". Both songs became chart hits for the band. Later Guess Who singles "Rain Dance" and "Running Back to Saskatoon" were also based on Brother songs. Cummings himself has said that “there were umpteen things that The Guess Who ended up kind of stealing from Brother’s repertoire once Kurt joined the band. 
In 1972, Guess Who founding member and bass player Jim Kale was removed from the band, who then recruited Brother's Bill Wallace as replacement. Reflecting on this era in the liner notes to the 1991 MCA compilation "Track Record: The Guess Who Collection", Burton Cummings wrote:
"Kurt Winter is with Brother, the all-time best band that EVER WAS in Winnipeg. They are a trio … they all sing … they write all their stuff and it’s brilliant … Brother did Hand Me Down World about six million percent better than I ever did, but I was the guy who sang it for RCA and Jack and Brian … Share The Land is a genuine song in some people’s hearts and there’s a lot of plus signs around us. The flip side is Bus Rider, another Brother song that you should have heard THEM do live … another two-sided hit single. Rain Dance … We need songs constantly so everything becomes the “next big single” … I come home to Lansdowne one night and Kurt and Vance have had many beers and they’re doing a bagpipe drone on the old Nordhiemer and they’re chanting “DOAN-YA-WANNA-RAIN-DANCE-WITH-MEEE?” ... Kale had slipped out of the grove around Paramount time, and on bass these days was Bill Wallace. We now had two thirds of Brother in THE GUESS WHO. If Vance has ever forgiven me, he’s a bigger man than I think I could have been."
Reunions and Later Years.
Brother reunited in the studio in 1971 to record two songs: "Sending Money" and "Second Time Around The Woodpile", in a session financed by Kurt Winter. The songs were released as a single, but failed to attract any attention. As bassist Bill Wallace would later comment, “All our good stuff was already recorded by The Guess Who". Vance Masters re-released the single on CD in 2001, selling it from his web site.
One final Brother reunion took place in February 1994, at a benefit for the Museum of Man and Nature’s rock ‘n’ roll exhibit. Author John Einarson described the show in his book "American Woman: The Story of the Guess Who":
"By way of an introduction, drummer Vance Masters announced, “Here’s some songs very special to us that I think you’ll recognize, but here’s the way they were supposed to be done.” With that the trio tore into Hand Me Down World, Bus Rider and Rock and Roller Steam (with the Running Back To Saskatoon riff back where it belonged) to an enthralled audience, most of whom were likely unaware of the musical history lesson before them."
Kurt Winter left The Guess Who in 1974, but joined a later version led by original bassist Jim Kale from 1977-78. Winter died of kidney failure aged 51 on December 14, 1997. 
Bill Wallace remained in The Guess who until their initial break up in 1975, and has reunited with them several times in Cummings-led formations, including their successful "Running Back Through Canada" tour. Through the 1970s and 80s, he played with fellow Guess Who alumnus Greg Leskiw in the bands Crowcuss, LesQ, and Kilowatt. He currently lives in Winnipeg and works as a teacher.
In 1977, Vance Schmidt changed his named to Vance Masters. That year, he served as drummer in Burton Cummings' touring band and then joined the Jim Kale-led Guess Who until 1979. He has continued to drum with Winnipeg bands ever since, including The Trigger Brothers, Yogi and Friends, Twister, Guns 4 Hire and Sassy Jack.

</doc>
<doc id="36768059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768059" title="2012 Albanian Supercup">
2012 Albanian Supercup

Albanian Supercup 2012 is the 19th edition of the Albanian Supercup since its establishment in 1989. The match was contested between the 2011–12 Albanian Cup winners KF Tirana and the 2011–12 Albanian Superliga champions Skënderbeu Korçë.

</doc>
<doc id="36768173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768173" title="Maidstone Roller Hockey Club">
Maidstone Roller Hockey Club

YMCA Maidstone Roller Hockey Club is a roller hockey club located in Kent, England. It is a prestigious club with a rich history, winning three National Cup titles, producing some of the country's best ever players and regularly competing at the highest level in the country over the last few decades.
Maidstone train at the local YMCA Leisure Centre in Loose, Maidstone, Kent, returning to their newly refurbished home after a long period away from it.
Currently Maidstone Roller Hockey Club are competing in National Division One, the second highest national league competition in England, for the second year running. In the 2011-12 Season they finished in fifth place.
Maidstone RHC have had many notable teams over the years including the group of players who won three National Cups and various Premier League runners-up medals, the Bombers youth team and various England internationals.
History.
The Birth of Maidstone RHC.
Maidstone Roller Hockey Club had its first practice session at the YMCA, Maidstone on Christmas Eve 1972. Before this time some general skaters from the 'Y' were taken by Dave Brewer to Rochester Casino where they saw Roller Hockey for the first time. Rochester United had a very strong team at that time including Peter Wimble who later gave his name to the Veterans' Cup. Maidstone joined the long-established Kent League and newly formed National League in 1973/74. The original team of Dave Brewer, Martin Waller, Tony Spiel, Gerald Klaus, Glen Spiel, Paul Howard and Gary Howard won Division IV at their first attempt. Strengthed by two additional players from Herne Bay, Dave Walters and Brian Hendy (see photo) they won Division III of the National League in 1975/76
The Club had attracted younger players and thus started a period of rapid growth. The first AGM of the club was held at the 'Y' Centre on 12 December 1979. It had been an important year for the Club. Peter Haynes had played in goal for the National Junior side (captained by Stuart Doherty - see later) at Herne Bay and had beaten the Portuguese National Side. Roy Wheatley who had played for 30 years for Herne Bay United and had signed for Maidstone in 1978 captained the first team to win the National League Division II and was elected National Secretary. Most importantly of the Juniors were British Champions and the Schoolboys and Minors all did well.
The first committee was Chairman Roy Wheatley, Secretary Dave Brewer, Treasurer Dave Finis and 4 player representatives Nic Morton, Peter Haynes, Rob Duchesne and Russell Howard.
From 1979 the Maidstone Club produced a succession of international players at all levels especially at the younger age groups.
At the 1982 AGM it was decided to rearrange the teams and the old Junior players, most of them international players, became the first team. The second team were the older players from the first team plus up and coming youngsters notably Andrew and Pat Finnis.
During this period, before the Superleague started, Maidstone had two teams in National Division I and they won National Division III South, as well as having teams in the Kent League.
More to Follow...
Titles.
National Cup Winners: 1990, 1997 and 1999
Current Squad.
The first team, which will compete in the 2012-13 National Division One and National Cup, is as follows:
Coach: Tommy Harbord
Competitions.
In the 2012-13 Season Maidstone RHC will be competing for the second year running in National Division One and the National Cup. The previous season saw the Club finish in 5th place in ND1 and knocked out in the first round of the Cup by eventual winners Middlesbrough RHC.
This season the teams for National Division One remain the same besides one movement, which sees local rivals Herne Bay RHC replaced by East Grinstead RHC where various Maidstone players used to play following the Club's collapse in 2006.
The teams in National Division One can be seen on the England Roller Hockey page.

</doc>
<doc id="36768180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768180" title="Tomohiro Nagatsuka">
Tomohiro Nagatsuka


</doc>
<doc id="36768201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768201" title="Reformed Church, Şamşud">
Reformed Church, Şamşud

The Reformed Church (; ) is a church in Șamșud, Romania, completed in the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="36768214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768214" title="Greek-Catholic Church in Giurtelecu Şimleului">
Greek-Catholic Church in Giurtelecu Şimleului

The Greek-Catholic Church in Giurtelecu Șimleului was a church in Giurtelecu Şimleului, Romania, built in 1819 and demolished in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="36768220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768220" title="Simion Bărnuţiu National College">
Simion Bărnuţiu National College

The Simion Bărnuţiu National College () is a high school in Șimleu Silvaniei, Romania, opened on October 1, 1919.

</doc>
<doc id="36768259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768259" title="Auschwitz Report">
Auschwitz Report

Auschwitz Report can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36768318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768318" title="Fat Gourg">
Fat Gourg

Fat Gourg is a fictional monster cartoon character. It was created in 1999 by Luke, a 7 year English schoolboy during an English lesson at his primary school in Oakthorpe, Leicestershire.
Despite the character's obscure origins, it became unexpectedly popular in France. The character has been referenced in the works of other French cartoonists, such as Pierre Primen and Boulet (fr). This led to widespread internet popularity from around 2003. Eventually, around 2008, the character's original source was discovered. The character has grown to include figurines, fan art, cosplay and the usual trappings of fandom. From 2008, 8 August (i.e. the first one on 8-8-08) has been celebrated as "Fat Gourg Day", as the figure '8' was considered to resemble Fat Gourg.

</doc>
<doc id="36768327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768327" title="Mike Gailey">
Mike Gailey

Mike Gailey is a retired American soccer player. He played professionally in the National Professional Soccer League and USISL.
Youth.
In 1988, Gailey graduated from Grimsley High School. He attende the University of North Carolina Greensboro, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1988 to 1991. He led the NCAA Division I in scoring in 1991.
Professional.
In the spring of 1993, Gailey turned professional with the Greensboro Dynamo of the USISL. He would play for the Dynamo for four summer seasons. In 1993, he was a Sizzlin’ Six All Star. On November 5, 1993, Gailey signed with the Milwaukee Wave of the National Professional Soccer League. He was named to the NPSL All Rookie Third Team. In 1995, Gailey joined the Tampa Bay Terror where he played for the next two NPSL seasons. In 1997, he played for the Seattle Sounders of the USISL A-League. He was Second Team All League that season. Gailey then spent the 1997-1998 indoor season with the Buffalo Blizzard before signing with the Charleston Battery in 1998. After nine games, he moved to the Raleigh Flyers. Gailey finished his career with the Atlanta Silverbacks in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="36768357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768357" title="Masaki Inoue">
Masaki Inoue


</doc>
<doc id="36768376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768376" title="List of works by Townshend and Howson">
List of works by Townshend and Howson

List of works by Townshend and Howson are the works of Arts and Crafts movement stained glass artist partners Caroline Townshend and Joan Howson.
Works.
This is a listing of the major works of the stained glass artist Caroline Townshend and includes those stained glass where she worked with Joan Howson.
All Saints'.
The three-light window in the North Aisle was made by Townshend and Howson and designed by Townshend.
It depicts famous women:
Carlisle Cathedral.
Townshend and Howson reset some fragments of old glass in the Nave North with a purplish grisaille background.
Chichester Cathedral.
Townshend and Howson were responsible for the two-light window which depicts St Edmund Pontigny and St Thomas Becket. It is in the North Nave of the Cathedral.
The Children’s Church at Barnado’s.
Townshend and Howson were responsible for the stained glass which was in the East end of this church and the Aisle windows. The window is now part of the Prince Regent Hotel in Woodford Bridge, Essex.
Dornoch Cathedral.
Townshend and Howson were responsible for the single light window on the left of the South side of the Chancel 
Emmanuel Church.
This church has a Townshend and Howson East window which was installed in 1929. The windows are described by Richard Pollard and Nikolaus Pevsner as "large for them".
The Gate House.
The Gate House in Eskdale Green, Holmrook, is managed by the Outward Bound Trust. According to Matthew Hyde and Nikolaus Pevsner, "off the huge library occupying the tower base opens a winter garden containing glass of 1921".
Hannington Hall.
The dining room of St Peter's College in Oxford is known as Hannington Hall and this has a three-light Townshend and Howson window which dates from 1928/29. It depicts Bishop James Hannington.
Hartland Abbey.
Townshend and Howson made some small roundels, possibly as part of an original set, and four of these were incorporated in a central window of Hartland Abbey. The Stucley family owners of the Abbey were benefactors of the repairs undertaken at St Nectan's Church Hartland and these roundels match the others in the Mary Chapel at the church.
Holy Trinity.
Townshend and Howson were responsible for the North Transept window, known as the “Dove Window”.
Huyton College.
Huyton College was the sister school to Liverpool College and Howson designed and installed a two-light window in the college's chapel. From an article entitled ‘ The New Chapel at the Liverpool College for Girls, Liverpool’:
"At the west end of the Chapel and on the south side is a very beautiful two-light window, presented by Miss Howson, depicting Sir Percival and Sir Galahad, and bearing the legends “Sir Percival, mightiest and purest among men”; and “I saw the Holy Grail, and in the strength of this I rode shattering all evil customs everywhere". The Ven. Archdeacon Howson.
Little Hampton Parish Church.
Single-light window features St Christopher.
The Outward Bound Trust.
Townshend designed a window for Platt Chapel in Manchester in memory of a mountain climber. Platt Chapel no longer operates as a chapel and the window was transferred to The Outward Bound Trust's centre in Eskdale.
Royal Southern Hospital.
Townshend and Howson completed two windows for the hospital's chapel. One features Florence Nightingale and the other depicts the Virgin Mary with St John.
St Alphege.
Townshend and Howson were responsible for a two light window in the St Alphege chapel. It depicts the martyrdom of St Alphege and the procession carrying his coffin into St Paul’s Minster.
St Ambrose.
Townshend and Howson completed a three-light window for this church in the town of Widnes, then in Lancashire, now in Cheshire. From a church published article, “A journey around St Ambrose Church”.
“Three magnificent windows; the colour is brilliant in the afternoons of sunny summer days. Samuel Kidd, late of Farnworth, left £ 250 for a memorial window in memory of his wife Eliza who had been a Sunday School teacher for many years. The window was to depict “the woman with a pot of ointment” and lettered, “She hath done what she could."
Archbishop Howson’s daughter was asked to submit a design but it was uncertain which window to allocate. A design was approved and the west end was allocated. Miss J. Howson and a Miss C. Townshend worked at a studio in Putney. All three lights were to be used and to be descriptive of the great part played by women in the Lord’s ministry. The centre light was to show Jesus Christ with Mary at his feet, worshipping him and making the declaration “Rabboni”. Underneath this scene were to have a picture of the three Marys discovering the Risen Lord at the Sepulchre. The other lights were to show the widow’s gift to the Temple treasury. We were to see the joy of Jesus in his face as he looked down at the widow. The Arms of the Diocese of Liverpool which depict shipping and the Liver bird are used as are the arms of the Province of York. Can you see an inscription “Thy word is truth”. There are two more inscriptions. On the left, “She hath done what she could”. On the right, “She cast in all that she had”. In the centre window is the Agnus Dei, a lamb carrying a pennant (the Lamb of God with the banner of Victory). John the Baptist, having baptised Jesus Christ said “Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sins of the world”, The dedication reads “To the Glory of God and in loving Memory of Eliza Kidd, for many years a Sunday School teacher in this parish. The Gift of her husband, Samuel Kidd. 1918”.
St Andrew, Bemerton.
The Church of St Andrew, Bemerton, is known as George Herbert’s Church. It is in the parish of Bemerton. In George Herbert's day the other little church in the area was St Peter's Fugglestone which now comes within Wilton parish although in Herbert's day there was the one parish of Bemerton-cum-Fugglestone. On 14 June 1934, the stained glass in the West window, which had been given by admirers of George Herbert, from all over the world, was unveiled by the Bishop of Salisbury, Dr. St. Clair Donaldson. It depicts the Poet and his great friend Nicholas Ferrar. Caroline Townshend and Joan Howson were responsible for the window’s design and execution.
St Andrew, Kirkby Malzeard.
This church contains a three-light window by Caroline Townshend.
St Catherine.
Caroline Townshend and Joan Howson were responsible for the East end window in this Church and two small South windows.
St Firmin.
A three-light window in this church is by Townshend and depicts the symbols of Matthew and Luke on the left and Mark and John in the right hand light. In the centre is Christ in Majesty. Below her image of Christ in Majesty, Townshend inscribes the words:
St John's.
A single Townshend and Howson window was commissioned to the memory of the Wilton family and is set in the centre of the west wall of St John’s Chapel of ease. It represents St Augustine and St Francis.
St Leonard, Chelsum.
In 1939 Townshend and Howson made a south-facing stained glass window of St Leonard and St Francis, which was commissioned as a memorial for H. & M. Daniell. It had 2 lights.
St Leonard, Upton.
In 1920 Townshend made a "nice Arts & Crafts" window for the North Sanctuary.
St Mary, Great Warley.
The West rose window in this church was a replacement for one that was blown out in 1940. It is by Heywood Sumner, with contributions from Eric Gill, L. Hallward, Caroline Townshend, William Reynolds-Stephens and Louis Davis. The window itself features hearts, grapes and the names and symbols of the four Evangelists.
St Mary, Morpeth.
St Mary's is the parish church of Morpeth and has a Townshend and Howson window in the North wall.
St Mary, Storrington.
Working with Joan Howson, Townshend completed a roundel in the West part of the church. It depicts St Dunstan kneeling in prayer.
St Mary the Virgin.
In the church’s Jesus Chapel South there is a window by Townshend and Howson, this dedicated to J.E. Watts-Ditchfield, the first bishop of Chelmsford who died in 1923.
St Michael.
Townshend and Howson completed two windows for this church. In 1936 they completed a window for the North Aisle area and another in 1948 for the South Aisle West.
St Michael and All Angels.
The five-light East window in this church is by Caroline Townshend and Joan Howson.
St Nectan.
The Church of Saint Nectan is the parish church of Hartland in Devon and is sometimes referred to as the “Cathedral of North Devon”. It is located in the hamlet of Stoke, west of the town of Hartland. Townshend and Howson produced six windows for the church, all of which highlight the history and national connection of the parish rather than the religious life of the community.
One window, a three-light traceried window, is known as the “Gytha window.” Countess Gytha was a woman of some importance in Saxon England. She was married to Earl Godwin and they and their children held substantial power. She is credited with establishing a religious house at Stoke St Nectan (Nistenstok) and it is from this that the later Abbey grew. Gytha features in the centre light, holding her Abbey in her hands and in the light to her left are the Arms of the Dynhams, who were the owners of the parish & Hundred, showing the “Garter” belt and the seal of John Dynham, 1st Baron Dynham. In the right hand light are the Arms of Hartland Abbey and below Gytha is the seal of Lord Dynham.
The next Townshend and Howson window is known as the 'Armorial' window and illustrates the armorial insignia of the owners of the Manors within the parish of Hartland. The Abbot, Luttrell and Orchard arms are sequential as owners of Hartland Abbey from the Dissolution. The Docton arms are representing the Manor of Southole. There are no arms shown for the Waddon-Martyn family who were owners of Milford and Meddon as they were in dispute with the then owners of Hartland Manor and were therefore left off for political reasons.
The next Townshend and Howson window is known as the “King Alfred Window”. Hartland was held by the Saxon Royal Family and is mentioned in King Alfred’s will. This is another three-light traceried window with Alfred in the centre light. In the lights on either side are illustrations of Alfred’s achievements or events which are associated with him. We see the burning of the cakes, the candle clock, the Anglo Saxon Chronicle and the translation of Boethius.
Another window is the “King William Window” which shows the Coronation of King William who became the owner of Hartland following the Conquest. In the centre light of the three-light traceried window is King William and in the left and right hand lights are depictions of the invasion force, the Domesday Book and King William’s Royal Seal.
The “King Arthur Window” celebrates King Arthur and the Holy Grail. The Holy Grail is shown as a chalice, there is a depiction of Sarras, the City of the Grail, the alleged finding of the cross at Glastonbury, the sword Excalibur, the Thorn of Glastonbury and some Cornish Choughs, the symbol of Cornwall. The image of Arthur is based on the statue of Emperor Maximillion at Innsbruck.
The final Townshend and Howson window at St Nectan's is rather plain. A recovered piece of medieval glass from the east window was repaired and presented as a roundel. This has been incorporated as a central feature in the Mary Chapel window and Townshend and Howson then added a further two roundels based on designs of the medieval period, then on display in a London Museum. Some other minor decoration is within the window including stars and crowns.
St Oswald.
A five-light East window depicts scenes from the lives of St Oswald, St Mary, St John and St Kentigern. Described by Matthew Hyde and Nikolaus Pevsner as a "Good East window of 1936".
St Peter and St Paul.
Townshend and Howson completed the first to third windows in the North and West of the church.

</doc>
<doc id="36768388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768388" title="John Newton (rugby league)">
John Newton (rugby league)

John Newton is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country.
Playing career.
Newton played for Runanga in the West Coast Rugby League competition. He represented both the West Coast and the South Island.
He was first selected for the New Zealand Kiwis in 1946, playing against the touring Great Britain Lions. He toured Great Britain and France in 1947 and Australia in 1948 as well as playing in home tests against Australia and Great Britain.

</doc>
<doc id="36768398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768398" title="Harris County Common School District 29">
Harris County Common School District 29

Harris County Common School District 29 was a school district based in unincorporated north Harris County, Texas, United States. It served the communities of Aldine, Brubaker, Higgs and Westfield, all of which have now been absorbed into metropolitan Houston. 
Throughout most of its history, the district operated small frame primary schoolhouses (grades 1-7) in each of the four communities as well as a school for black children in Higgs. 
For a brief time, it also ran a high school (grades 8 and 9) called the Hartwell School near Westfield. District 29 consolidated its white schools into one central facility in 1933, reinstated a high school program and two years later became the Aldine Independent School District by a popular vote.
History.
Harris County Commissioners Court created Common School District 29 on June 18, 1884, to serve the then sparsely populated sections of north Harris county south of Cypress Creek.
A 1934 map of Harris County school districts shows (1) the Aldine School near the intersection of Aldine-Bender (today's FM 525) and Aldine-Westfield, (2) the Brubaker School near the intersection of Blue Bell Road and East Montgomery (today's Airline Drive), (3) the Higgs School on Lee Road at Garners Bayou, just south of Humble-Westfield Road (today's FM 1960), (4) the Westfield School on the south side of Humble-Westfield Road (FM 1960), just west of Hardy, and (5) the then closed Hartwell School near the southwest corner of Humble-Westfield (FM 1960) and Aldine-Westfield Road.
On June 18, 1932, District 29 residents voted for a $40,000 bond to consolidate the four white schoolhouses in Aldine, Brubaker, Higgs and Westfield into one new centralized school. This two-story brick building would contain 12 classrooms and an auditorium. It would house grades 1-7 and allow the district to offer high school classes (grades 8 and 9) for the first time since the Hartwell School had closed. The new, school opened in February 1933 at the intersection of Aldine-Bender Road and Aldine Westfield and immediately was filled to capacity. District 29 added grades 10 and 11 in 1933-34 to complete what was then considered a full high school program. Sometime in that same academic year, the school was named for S.M.N. Marrs, the late state superintendent of public instruction who had recently died. Marrs had championed rural education and financially weak school districts. 
On May 4, 1935, voters in District 29 approved creation of the Aldine Independent School District (AISD) by a 128 to 28 margin. With that vote, District 29 ceased to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="36768459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768459" title="Paulo Jorge Gomes Pereira">
Paulo Jorge Gomes Pereira

Paulo Jorge Gomes Pereira (born 18 January 1993 in Braga) is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Blackburn Rovers.
Career.
Blackburn Rovers.
After spending his youth career with S.C. Braga's youth team and F.C. Porto's youth team, on 27 July 2012 Jorge signed for English club Blackburn Rovers of the Championship. On 18 August 2012, Jorge made his league debut for Rovers against Ipswich Town coming on as an 83rd minute substitute for Danny Murphy.
Beroe Stara Zagora.
On 9 February 2013, Jorge signed for Bulgarian club Beroe Stara Zagora on loan for the rest of the season. He did not make any appearances and returned to Blackburn for the 2013-14 season.
International career.
Paulo Jorge has represented Portugal at under-17 and twice at under-19 level. He played 90 minutes for the U19s in a 6-0 win away at San Marino on 6 November 2011 and came on as substitute in a 3-3 draw at home to Hungary three days later.
Career statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of 19 August 2012"

</doc>
<doc id="36768465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768465" title="Cihuatecayotl">
Cihuatecayotl

In Aztec mythology Cihuatecayotl is the god of the West wind.

</doc>
<doc id="36768488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768488" title="Tlalocayotl">
Tlalocayotl

In Aztec mythology, Tlalocayotl is the god of the East wind.

</doc>
<doc id="36768489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768489" title="Mictlanpachecatl">
Mictlanpachecatl

In Aztec mythology Mictlanpachecatl is the god of the North wind.

</doc>
<doc id="36768497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768497" title="Energy in Hawaii">
Energy in Hawaii

Energy production in Hawaii is a difficult issue due to the islands' isolated location and lack of local resources. The state relies heavily on imports of petroleum and coal for power although recent initiatives have increased use of renewable resources.
Hawaii has by far the most expensive electricity prices in the United States. The average cost of electricity in the first nine months of 2012 was $0.34 per kilowatt-hour, more than double the cost in the next-highest state (New York: $0.16) and more than triple the US average of $0.10 per kilowatt-hour.
Consumption.
In 2008 Hawaii's primary energy consumption by source was: 
In 2008, sources of renewable power were:
Renewable sources provided 10.5% of total electric power. Hawaii ranked third among U.S. states in geothermal energy and seventh in distributed solar power.
Hawaii Clean Energy Initiative.
On January 28, 2008, the State of Hawaii and the US Department of Energy signed a memorandum of understanding and announced the Hawaii Clean Energy Initiative, which has a goal to use renewable resources such as wind, sun, ocean, geothermal, and bioenergy to supply 70 percent or more of Hawaii's energy needs by 2030 and to reduce the state's dependence on imported oil.
The Initiative's efforts will focus on working with public and private partners on several clean energy projects throughout the state including: designing cost-effective approaches for 100 percent use of renewable energy on smaller islands, designing systems to improve stability of electrical grids operating with variable generating sources, such as wind power plants on the Island of Hawaii and Maui, and expanding Hawaii's capability to use locally grown crops as byproducts for producing fuel and electricity.
Climate change and renewable energy.
Legislation.
Hawaii Governor Linda Lingle has approved a number of energy-related bills to address climate change and promote local renewable energy production. The governor's energy bill-signing streak started in late April 2008 with the approval of House Bill 2502, which allows solar energy facilities to be located on less-productive agricultural lands, followed in late May by the approval of HB 3179, which makes it easier for biofuel producers to lease state lands. In the same time frame, the governor approved SB 2034, SB 3190, and HB 2168, which authorize special purpose revenue bonds to help finance a 2.7-megawatt wave energy facility off the coast of Maui, a solar energy facility on Oahu, and hydrogen generation and conversion facilities at the Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority, located on the island of Hawaii.
Senate Bill 644, approved on June 26, 2008 prohibits the issuing of building permits for new homes without solar water heaters as of 2010. The bill excludes homes located in areas with poor solar energy resources, homes using other renewable energy sources, and homes employing on-demand gas-fired water heaters. The bill also eliminates solar thermal energy tax credits for those homes.
On June 6, 2008 the governor approved SB 988, which allows the Hawaii Public Utility Commission to establish a rebate for solar photovoltaic electric systems, and HB 2550, which encourages net metering for residential and small commercial customers.
On July 1, 2008 the governor approved the final three energy bills, including HB 2863, which provides streamlined permitting for new renewable energy facilities of at least 200 megawatts in capacity. HB 2505 creates a full-time renewable energy facilitator to help the state expedite those permits, while a third bill, HB 2261, will provide loans of up to $1.5 million and up to 85% of the cost of renewable energy projects at farms and aquaculture facilities.
Transportation.
A transition from fossil fuel vehicles to electric vehicles will enable Hawaii's transportation needs to be fueled with electricity generated from renewable energy and with biofuels.
Coal phase out.
Hawaii has banned new coal plants beyond the only operating coal-fired power plant in the state, AES Hawaii Power Plant.
Algal fuel.
Two companies and two Hawaiian electric utilities are teaming up to develop a commercial-scale microalgae facility on Maui for the production of biodiesel and other products.
HR BioPetroleum, Inc. and Alexander & Baldwin, Inc. announced in mid-July that they have signed a memorandum of understanding with Hawaiian Electric Company and Maui Electric Company to pursue the development of the algae farm, with HR BioPetroleum managing the overall project and Alexander & Baldwin providing land next to a Maui Electric power plant. The two utilities—both subsidiaries of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc.—will help engineer piping to carry emissions from the neighboring power plant to the algae facility. The project is contingent upon a number of factors, including positive results from HR BioPetroleum's pilot-scale and demonstration-scale algae facilities.
If the project goes forward, the facility should begin operating in 2011. During operation, the algae will grow in the carbon dioxide-rich atmosphere of the power plant emissions, converting some of those emissions into algae. The oil will then be extracted from the algae, combined with local vegetable oils, and converted into biodiesel fuel. Microalgae have significant potential as an energy crop, with the levels of oil production per acre potentially far exceeding the levels found in vegetable oil crops. HR BioPetroleum is currently working with Royal Dutch Shell plc on a pilot facility to grow algae on land leased from the Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority, which is located on the west shore of the island of Hawaii. See the HR BioPetroleum press release and Web page on its joint venture with Shell.

</doc>
<doc id="36768507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768507" title="Environmental issues in Hawaii">
Environmental issues in Hawaii

The majority of the environmental issues affecting Hawaii today are related to pressures from increasing human and animal population in the limited separation space of the islands.
Flora and fauna.
A number of plant species are now extinct due to grazing livestock, and aggressive non-indigenous species taking over the land. 
Almost 40% of the endangered species in the United States are Hawaiian species, while nearly 75% of all U.S. extinctions have occurred in Hawaii.
The native flora comprises 89% endemic species, but the flora of Hawaii now includes more than 1044 introduced plant species; more than 100 of these are likely to be invasive in natural areas. Species such as the strawberry guava ("Psidium cattleianum"), and christmasberry ("Schinus terebinthifolius") have spread across wide areas, competing with native species and altering the natural ecosystem. Recent invaders like miconia or velvet tree ("Miconia calvescens") and Himalayan raspberry ("Rubus ellipticus") are now permanently established over large areas. These species are predicted to decrease watershed function.
Prior to the arrival of non-natives, some bird species were made extinct, or pushed to near extinction from the collection of feathers by Native Hawaiians. With the arrival of James Cook in 1778, a new set of environmental threats emerged. Alien species such as cats, dogs, rabbits, pigs, and rats affected a number of indigenous species. Hawaii is known as the "extinction capital of the world" with the extinction of nearly half (140) of its historically recorded native bird species. Some of the alien species that are currently affecting Hawaii include cane toads, mongoose, coquí frogs, gall wasps, Mediterranean, Oriental, and melon flies that damage crops, ants that destroy native insects, and bacteria that infect waters.
Air quality.
Compared with the mainland United States, Hawaii's rating on the air quality index is ranked among the best. Approximately 47% of all emissions are caused by burning fossil fuel for electricity production. Ground transport is the second biggest contributor with 22%, while air transport contributes 19%.
Water quality.
There is no groundwater in Hawaii, and natives collect the rainwater and/or pay to have it trucked in. Water for towns is sent down the mountain in tubes. The waters surrounding the Hawaiian Islands are affected by effluents generated and released from the islands themselves. Floating plastic garbage is a problem, and refuse from the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is affecting beaches in Hawaii, such as Kamilo Beach. The U.S. military used the ocean as a dumping ground for munitions from 1919 to 1970, and the U.S. Army dumped 16,000 mustard gas bombs in deep water south of Pearl Harbor after World War II.
Superfund sites.
This is a list of Superfund sites in Hawaii designated under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) environmental law. The CERCLA federal law of 1980 authorized the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to create a list of polluted locations requiring a long-term response to clean up hazardous material contaminations. These locations are known as Superfund sites, and are placed on the National Priorities List (NPL). The NPL guides the EPA in "determining which sites warrant further investigation" for environmental remediation. As of May 1, 2010, there were three Superfund sites on the National Priorities List in Hawaii. One further site has been cleaned up and removed from the NPL; no sites are currently proposed for addition. All sites are on the island of Oahu.

</doc>
<doc id="36768514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768514" title="Melanie Benjamin (author)">
Melanie Benjamin (author)

Melanie Benjamin is the pen name of American writer Melanie Hauser (nee Miller).
Personal life.
Born November 24, 1962, in Indianapolis, Indiana, Melanie is one of three children. Melanie attended Indiana University--Purdue University at Indianapolis then married Dennis Hauser in 1988; they presently reside in the Chicago, Illinois area with their two sons. Melanie is a member of the Random House Speakers Bureau.
Publishing history.
As Melanie Hauser, she published short stories in the In Posse Review and The Adirondack Review. Her short story "Prodigy on Ice" won the 2001 "Now Hear This" short story competition that was part of a WBEZ (Chicago Public Radio) program called Stories on Stage, where short stories were performed and broadcast.
When Melanie sold her first of two contemporary novels, she had to add Lynne to her name (Melanie Lynne Hauser) to distinguish her from the published sports journalist Melanie Hauser. The first of Melanie's contemporary novels, "Confessions of Super Mom" was published with Dutton in 2005; the sequel "Super Mom Saves the World" was published by New American Library in 2007. In addition to her two contemporary novels, Melanie also contributed an essay to the anthology IT'S A BOY and maintained a popular mom blog called "The Refrigerator Door".
Under the pen name Melanie Benjamin (a combination of her first name and her son's first name), she shifted genres to historical fiction. Her third novel, "Alice I Have Been", was inspired by Alice Liddell Hargreaves's life. Published in 2010 by Delacorte Press, "Alice I Have Been" was a national bestseller and reached the extended list of "The New York Times" Best Seller list. In 2011, Benjamin fictionalized another historical female. Her novel "The Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb" focuses on the life of Lavinia Warren Bump, a proportionate dwarf featured in P.T. Barnum's shows. Meredith Eaton optioned the film rights for "The Autobiography of Mrs. Tom Thumb" in December 2011.
Melanine Benjamin published a third historical fiction novel in 2013. "The Aviator's Wife" revolves around the historic personage of Anne Morrow Lindbergh. It was a "New York Times" bestseller in both hardcover and paperback. In addition it was a "USA Today" bestseller as well as an Indie Next List choice in both hardcover and paperback. "The Aviator's Wife" has been optioned for film by Vandalia Films, Jennifer Garner's production company.
Interviews.
The Diane Rehm Show
Book Trailers.
The Dutch Book Trailer for "Alice I Have Been"
Book Trailer for "Mrs. Tom Thumb"
Bibliography.
As Melanie Hauser:
As Melanie Benjamin:

</doc>
<doc id="36768516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768516" title="State Nature National Park Kara-Shoro">
State Nature National Park Kara-Shoro


</doc>
<doc id="36768533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768533" title="Gene Strandness">
Gene Strandness

Donald Eugene Strandness (September 22, 1928 – January 7, 2002) was an American physician, university professor, and research scientist. Dr. Strandness, known as Gene, was influential in the development of Doppler ultrasound as a diagnostic tool in vascular medicine, and did research that established much of the clinical grading criteria in the field of vascular ultrasound.
Dr. Strandness was recognized as a pioneer in the field of vascular surgery, and as a "founding father" of the University of Washington School of Medicine and Medical Center.
Early life and education.
Gene Strandness was born on September 22, 1928 in Bowman, North Dakota. Facing economic hardship, his family left North Dakota and moved to Olympia, WA when he was 10 years old. He attended Olympia High School, graduating in 1946. He did his undergraduate studies at Pacific Lutheran University in Tacoma, Washington. He went on to study medicine at the University of Washington School of Medicine, receiving his M.D. in 1954.
Pioneering role in vascular ultrasound.
In the early 1960s, while a resident at the University of Washington Medical Center, Strandness became interested in, and recognized the importance of, vascular physiology and hemodynamics (the flow of blood). He envisioned the potential uses of Doppler ultrasound as a tool in the diagnosis of vascular disease, and upon completing his residency began his collaborations with bio-engineers Robert Rushmer, Dean Franklin and Donald Baker and their team at the University of Washington. Their research, and the equipment they developed were used in clinical trials that validated Strandness' thinking.
In 1967, Strandness introduced the first Doppler ultrasound instrument for clinical use in an article he co-wrote, "Ultrasonic Flow Detection: A Useful Technic In The Evaluation of Peripheral Vascular Disease", published in the American Journal of Surgery. The article, and Strandness' belief in using Doppler ultrasound to detect peripheral vascular disease, was met with skepticism.
In the 1970s, Strandness and the bio-engineering group at the University of Washington, turned their attention to the use of real-time B-mode scanning. This type of ultrasound would enable physicians to see the vascular structures in real-time. Further research allowed B-mode imaging to be combined with Doppler ultrasound, providing real-time views of the vascular structures and simultaneous hemodynamic information. Today, this type of duplex scanning is used in a variety of ultrasound specialties.
Late career.
Throughout his career, Dr. Strandness taught and conducted vascular research at University of Washington. He retired with Emeritus status in 1995, but continued to run the University's vascular research lab. He was actively engaged in research and continued writing, including an updated version of his work, "Duplex Scanning in Vascular Disorders". He saw patients until shortly before his death in 2002.
Legacy.
Prior to Strandness' work, the only vascular imaging available to physicians would have been arteriograms, x-rays read from radiopaque dyes injected directly into the bloodstream. Initially, the idea of using ultrasound imaging was met with resistance. Eventually, however, younger physicians were more receptive and accepting of the technology Strandness and his team developed. Although arteriograms are sometimes still used, most physicians today rely upon the non-invasive procedures and real-time information provided by duplex ultrasound scans.
Today, based on the technologies and practices Dr. Strandness developed, vascular ultrasound is a well established field. Technologists, known as vascular sonographers, specialize in this specific branch of ultrasound scanning.

</doc>
<doc id="36768540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768540" title="9 Equulei">
9 Equulei

9 Equulei is a M-type star in the constellation Equuleus. This star moves through the Milky Way at a speed relative to the Sun.

</doc>
<doc id="36768564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768564" title="Toronto Alexithymia Scale">
Toronto Alexithymia Scale

The Toronto Alexithymia Scale is a measure of deficiency in understanding, processing, or describing emotions. It was developed in 1986 and later revised, removing some of the items. The current version has twenty statements rated on a five point Likert scale.
The reliability and validity of the TAS-20 was established by a series of articles by R. Michael Bagby et al.
It has been researched extensively.

</doc>
<doc id="36768588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768588" title="Port Gibson Female College">
Port Gibson Female College

Port Gibson Female College was a female seminary, founded in Port Gibson, Mississippi in 1843. It closed in 1908.
History.
The college was founded in 1843. In 1869 it was donated to the Methodist Episcopal Church, South. Unlike many small colleges in Mississippi, the Port Gibson Female College did not shut down during the civil war. It closed in 1908.
One of the college's original buildings now serves as the city hall of Port Gibson.

</doc>
<doc id="36768589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768589" title="Aoraki (disambiguation)">
Aoraki (disambiguation)

Aoraki is a Māori word for Mount Cook. The name may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36768600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768600" title="Stimmhorn">
Stimmhorn

Stimmhorn was a Swiss band, playing experimental ethno-music, Imaginary Folklore.
This band was formed in 1996 by Balthasar Streiff and Christian Zehnder. The band's name refers to their music, which consists mainly of their two voices performing traditional Swiss yodelling and horn instruments. The band's instrumentation and technique is multifaceted. Zehnder sings normally, sings overtone, and yodels. He also plays the wippkordeon, a bandoneon (concertina), a bandurria (a small guitar-like instrument similar a mandolin), an organ pipe and a hang (percussion instrument), among others. Streiff sings and plays horn like instruments, including the alphorn, double alphorn, alpofon (a system developed by his own instrument), büchel, cornet, baroque trumpet, cornetto and tuba.
In addition, the duo worked with guest musicians, such as the overtone singing group Huun-Huur-Tu from Tuva on their album Igloo and on a production of Faust.
In November 2009, Zehnder and Streiff played for the last time as "Stimmhorn".
Awards.
They achieved national and international awards, including:

</doc>
<doc id="36768661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768661" title="Taroman">
Taroman

Taroman is the highest mountain in the Cova Lima district of East Timor.

</doc>
<doc id="36768670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768670" title="Arroyo Peligroso">
Arroyo Peligroso

Arroyo Peligroso () is the first EP by Colombian musician singer-songwriter Joe Arroyo, released on March 16, 2004. Under the label of Discos Fuentes. After of the close his contract with Sony Music, Arroyo decide to return with his first label, Discos Fuentes. This album show us a more commercial folcloric rhythms and mild introduction to his upcoming album "Se Armo la Moña en Carnaval" (2005). It had two hits on Colombia: "La Fundillo Loco" and "El Torito", this last was released on beginning of the year, coinciding with the Carnival of Barranquilla. The album is available on iTunes and Amazon. Popular legend in Barranquilla has it that “La Fundillo Loco” was dedicated to his ex Mary.
Personnel.
Credits for "Arroyo Peligroso" adapted from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="36768708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768708" title="Floyd Cunningham">
Floyd Cunningham

Floyd T. Cunningham (born September 22, 1954) is an American historian and ordained minister, who has been a global missionary in the Philippines for the Church of the Nazarene since 1983, who served as the fifth president of Asia-Pacific Nazarene Theological Seminary from July 1, 2008 until April 3, 2013. Cunningham is serving currently as the distinguished professor of the history of Christianity at APNTS, and is the author of "Holiness Abroad: Nazarene Missions in Asia", the editor and co-author of "Our Watchword & Song: The Centennial History of the Church of the Nazarene", and the author of dozens of articles in academic journals and magazines. Cunningham is a Life member of the Philippine National Historical Society, a member of the American Society of Church History, the Wesleyan Theological Society, and the American Historical Association since 1980.
Early life and education.
Floyd Timothy Cunningham was born in Washington, D.C., USA on September 22, 1954, as the oldest of the three children of Floyd Enus Cunningham (born August 17, 1921 in Bethesda, Maryland; died September 7, 1992 in Montgomery County, Maryland), later auto parts manager at Maryland Motors in Rockville, Maryland, and Eleanor Wagner Leighton Cunningham (born October 6, 1923 in Rockville, Maryland), later a secretary in the Montgomery County Public Schools system, and the author of five books, including "He Touched Her" (Warner Press, 1973), and "Miss Apple: Letters of a Maine Teacher in Kentucky" (2003) about her mother, Ethel Valentine Applebee (born February 12, 1893 in Enfield, Maine; died November 15, 1973 in Maryland), who had taught for nine months from September 1920 at the Chandler Normal School in Lexington, Kentucky for the American Missionary Association. Cunningham is the elder brother of Janice Ethel Elder (born August 19, 1959), was the president of Tender Loving Cat Care, Inc., and is customer service manager for Christian publisher, The Word Among Us; and Rev. Dr. Diane Kathleen LeClerc (born March 26, 1963), professor of historical theology at Northwest Nazarene University since 1998, Pastor of College & Career Ministries at Five Mile Church of the Nazarene in Boise, Idaho, former president of the Wesleyan Theological Society (2007-2008), and the author or editor of four books, including "Singleness of Heart: Gender, Sin, and Holiness in Historical Perspective" (Scarecrow Press, 2001) and "Discovering Christian Holiness: The Heart of Wesleyan Theology" (2010).
Soon after their wedding on May 9, 1953, Cunningham's parents moved into a newly constructed house at 715 Crabb Avenue, Rockville, Maryland. The Cunningham family attended a local congregation of the Church of God (Anderson, Indiana) in Montrose, Rockville, Maryland, where Eleanor's family had attended from its incorporation in October 1929, and had taught Sunday School since 1939. In January 1964, Cunningham joined the Loyal Temperance League, a children's organization founded by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and pledged to abstain from alcohol. Soon after, Cunningham's family moved to Gaithersburg, Maryland where they began to attend the local Church of the Nazarene because of its holiness teaching. In the summer of 1965 the Cunningham family attended the Church of the Nazarene's annual Washington-Philadelphia District Camp Meeting in North East, Maryland, and after reading children's books about pioneer Nazarenes H. Orton Wiley, R.T. Williams, and Uncle "Bud" Robinson, Cunningham was converted at the age of nine during that camp meeting. Cunningham is an active member of the Gaithersburg Church of the Nazarene.
From 1966 Cunningham attended Gaithersburg Junior High School and then Gaithersburg High School, where he had perfect attendance. After graduation from Gaithersburg High School on June 12, 1972, Cunningham attended Eastern Nazarene College, where he was awarded "Most Quiet for the Freshman Class of 1973", and where he was the pianist accompanying the Crossmen Quartet. In 1976 Cunningham received the Bachelor of Arts "cum laude" from ENC in religion and history. Cunningham subsequently studied at Nazarene Theological Seminary in Kansas City, Missouri, where he was the student assistant to Nazarene theologian Dr. J. Kenneth Grider. In 1979 Cunningham graduated from NTS with a Master of Divinity "cum laude". Cunningham studied at Johns Hopkins University in his native Maryland, where he studied under Timothy L. Smith and received the Master of Arts degree in History in 1981, and a Ph.D. in History in 1984 for his dissertation "The Christian Faith Personally Given: Divergent Trends in Twentieth-Century American Methodist Thought", which included chapters on Edwin Lewis, Ernest Fremont Tittle, Harold Paul Sloan, and Lynn Harold Hough. While studying at Johns Hopkins, Cunningham was a research assistant in American Religious History (1981-1983).
Career.
Asia-Pacific Nazarene Theological Seminary (from 1983).
Upon the recommendation of APNTS founding president Dr. Donald Owens, on September 27, 1982 Cunningham was approved by the Board of General Superintendents of the Church of the Nazarene to be a foundation faculty member of the proposed Asia Pacific Nazarene Theological Seminary (APNTS) to be established in Kaytikling, Taytay, Rizal, the Philippines in 1983. Soon after the successful defense of his doctoral dissertation, Cunningham arrived in Manila on November 5, 1983, nine days before the first classes of APNTS. Cunningham has served APNTS consecutively as an Associate Professor (1983-1991), Professor (1991-2004) and Distinguished Professor (since 2004). Administratively, Cunningham has been Dean of Students and chaplain (1983-1987), Academic Dean (June 1989 – 2009), and Officer-in-Charge for sixteen months (2001-2003).
Despite not having a specific call to be a missionary, in February 1988 Cunningham was appointed to APNTS a career missionary in the Church of the Nazarene by its General Board. In an interview published in October 2011, Cunningham indicated: 
Also in 1988 Cunningham was a Research Fellow at Yale Divinity School. With the permission of the People’s Republic of China, Cunningham visited China with Rev. John W. Pattee (born 1906), a retired Nazarene missionary to China and the Philippines, from May 16 to June 5, 1989. For three days from May 29, 1989 Cunningham and Pattee visited the old Nazarene mission field in Hebei, that had been abandoned more than forty years earlier.
5th President (2008-2013).
After the 2007 resignation of APNTS President Dr. Hitoshi "Paul" Fukue to return to pastoral ministry in Japan, on October 29, 2007, Cunningham was elected to a two-year term as Interim President by the APNTS Board of Trustees. At that time Cunningham indicated:
In June 2008 Cunningham was elected the 5th President of APNTS by the Board of Trustees and assumed office in July 2008. Board of Trustees Chairman Dr. Neville Bartle indicated: 
During APNTS's 25th anniversary, Cunningham was installed as the fifth president of APNTS in a service in the Wooten Chapel on the campus of APNTS on November 20, 2008. Exploring and developing APNTS's motto of "Bridging Cultures for Christ", in his inaugural address "Building New Bridges", Cunningham called for APNTS to build bridges to congregations within the Church of the Nazarene, to other denominations, to the community, and to the contemporary generation. In outlining his philosophy and priorities as President, Cunningham asserted: 
Consistent with that philosophy, Cunningham was responsible for advocating the creation of the Holistic Child Development (HCD) program at APNTS, the opening of extension centers in Fiji and Papua New Guinea, the construction of the New Life Mission Center and the establishment of the Bresee Institute East on the campus of APNTS.
In his annual presidential report in April 2011, Cunningham reaffirmed his desire to see students "demonstrate an aggressive kind of love for the people who are in their midst."
In March 2013 Cunningham announced his decision not to seek re-election as President of APNTS when his term concludedon April 3, 2013. At that time Cunningham indicated "his desire to remain at APNTS, serving as a historian, writer, and teacher." After the election of Dr. Seung-An "Abraham" Im as his successor, Cunningham agreed to remain at APNTS as interim President until the installation of Im.
Holistic Child Development (2008).
After attending the Global Consultation on Academic Programs in Holistic Child Development organized by Compassion International and Fuller Theological Seminary in Chiang Mai, Thailand on May 13–17, 2007, Cunningham was inspired to initiate a Holistic Child Development (HCD) program at APNTS. As the pioneer Director, Cunningham was instrumental in APNTS inaugurating the HCD program in partnership with both Compassion International and Nazarene Compassionate Ministries in April 2008. Since its inception in November 2009, Cunningham has been the program director of the Ph.D. in HCD offered by the Asia Graduate School of Theology (AGST) Philippines hosted by APNTS. By 2010 APNTS had become "a world leader in the area of holistic child development." After the Philippines Commission of Higher Education (CHED) approved, APNTS began offering its own Ph.D. in HCD in the 2011-2012 academic year, while continuing to co-operate with the AGST program. In an October 2011 interview, Cunningham indicated: 
Extension centers (2010).
During the 2010-2011 academic year APNTS opened extension centers in Fiji and Papua New Guinea.
In July 2010 Cunningham announced the largest endowment gift in the history of APNTS, a gift of US $300,000 from the Crawford Family Foundation of Cecil and Mary Crawford to establish an endowment fund that will generate in perpetuity scholarships for needy students, and especially for women called to ministry.
New Life Mission Center (2011).
On June 17, 2011 Cunningham and pastors of the SangAmDong Church of the Nazarene and Onnuri Methodist Church, both in the Republic of Korea, dedicated the three-floor New Life Mission Center on the campus of Asia-Pacific Nazarene Theological Seminary, a few weeks before its completion. The center features hotel-like accommodations with full amenities and services, dormitory accommodations, and two apartments for visiting faculty members, complete with a kitchen and both indoor and outdoor dining spaces. While the initial purpose of the center was to provide housing for Work and Witness teams and missionaries coming to APNTS and the Philippines, this facility also provides housing for other groups coming to APNTS for short-term courses, seminars, workshops in missions, English, and the HCD program.
Bresee Institute East (2012).
After extensive discussions in late 2011 with Dr. Fletcher L. Tink, Executive Director of the Bresee Institute for Metro-Ministries at Nazarene Theological Seminary, who had taught classes in urban ministry at APNTS as an adjunct professor, on March 29, 2012, Cunningham signed an agreement with Tink to locate Bresee Institute's third campus (Bresee Institute East) in two offices on the fourth floor of the Nielson Center for Education and Evangelism Building at APNTS. The Bresee Institute East was established to become a major center and broker for consultation, seminars, and materials related to its mission to provide urban training, to expand its curriculum in urban and compassionate ministries, and to develop urban internships. It has been tasked to provide teaching and administrative support for a proposed accredited Ph.D. program in urban and compassion ministries to be offered by APNTS.
Other ministries.
Pastoral ministry.
In addition to his work at APNTS, Cunningham pastored Nazarene churches in the Philippines for almost six years, including helping to plant a church in Teresa, Rizal for two years from December 1985. On April 6, 1988 Cunningham was ordained as an elder by the Mid-Atlantic District of the Church of the Nazarene. Cunningham subsequently pastored Nazarene churches at Diliman, Quezon City from February 1989 to March 1991; Central Church, Cubao, Queszon City from April 1991 to March 1992; and temporarily supplied (filled) the pulpit at the First Church of the Nazarene in Antipolo, Rizal for four months from November 1992.
Teaching ministry.
In addition to teaching at APNTS since its founding in November 1983, Cunningham was an instructor at Montgomery College in Rockville, Maryland before being assigned to APNTS, where he taught introductory classes in Philosophy and Cultural Anthropology; has taught at Korean Nazarene Theological College in Seoul, South Korea in the summer of 1986, was Missionary-in-Residence and taught at Northwest Nazarene College from January to June 1988, taught at Taiwan Nazarene Theological College in Beitou and the Wesleyan Institute of Pastoral Theology in Taipei, Taiwan, was Missionary-Scholar-in-Residence and taught at Nazarene Theological Seminary during the 1993-1994 academic year, taught at Southeast Asia Nazarene Bible College Extension Center in Yangon, Myanmar in 2008 and 2011; and taught the Doctrine of Holiness class at Melanesia Nazarene Bible College in the highlands of Papua New Guinea in November 2011.
Asia-Pacific Regional Education Coordinator (2002-2008).
On February 1, 2002, Asia-Pacific Regional Director Dr. A. Brent Cobb appointed Cunningham as the Regional Education Coordinator (REC) for the Asia-Pacific Region of the Church of the Nazarene, with the responsibility of "facilitating the educational endeavor of the Church of the Nazarene" in the Asia-Pacific region. Cunningham remained in this role until 2008.
In his role as REC for the Asia-Pacific Region, Cunningham spoke at the graduation service of Melanesia Nazarene Bible College, Western Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea in November 2002, and visited Nazarene Theological College (Australia) in late 2002. Cunningham also organized the Asia-Pacific Regional Education Conference for 50 Nazarene educators and facilitators from 8 Nazarene educational institutions from the region in Bangkok, Thailand January 9–13, 2003. During the conference, plans were initiated to develop an extensive theological education system that would include many extension centers, methods, techniques, and tools. After the Education Conference, Cunningham indicated: 
As REC Cunningham also presented a paper, "Holiness Embodied in the Asia-Pacific Context" at the Asia-Pacific Regional Conference of the Church of the Nazarene in Bangkok, Thailand on October 25, 2003; spoke at the graduation of Southeast Asia Nazarene Bible College's extension center in Yangon, Myanmar in March 2004, and presented a paper at the meeting of the International Course of Study Committee (ICOSAC) meetings in Perth, Western Australia in October 2005.
Author.
Cunningham is the author of one book, two study modules, dozens of scholarly articles and magazine articles, and the co-author of another book and a discipleship program.
Cunningham is a co-author (with Al Truesdale, Hal Cauthron, Linda Alexander, and Wes Eby) of "Following Jesus Discipleship Program for JESUS Film Harvest Partners", a discipleship program for "Jesus Film" converts published in 2001.
Cunningham is the author of "Holiness Abroad: Nazarene Missions in Asia" (Scarecrow Press, 2003), which won the Smith-Wynkoop Award from the Wesleyan Theological Society in March 2004. Church of the Nazarene archivist Dr. Stanley Ingersol, who described Cunningham's book as "astute, evenhanded, and accurate", also wrote in 2003:
In 2003 and 2004 Cunningham wrote the two church history modules for the Nazarene Ministerial Course of Study entitled "Examining Our Christian Heritage".
Cunningham edited and co-wrote with fellow Nazarene historians Stan Ingersol, Harold E. Raser, and David P. Whitelaw, "Our Watchword & Song: The Centennial History of the Church of the Nazarene", published by Nazarene Publishing House in 2009.
Cunningham is currently writing a history of Philippine Prostestantism.
Professional memberships and ecumenical activities.
Cunningham is a Life member of the Philippine National Historical Society, a member of the American Society of Church History, the Wesleyan Theological Society, and the American Historical Association since 1980.
AGST.
Cunningham is on the Theological Studies & Church History program committee of the Asia Graduate School of Theology (AGST) Philippines (a consortium of evangelical seminaries in the Philippines), a member of the AGST faculty, and as APNTS president, a member of the AGST Philippines board since late 2008; Cunningham was the pioneer director of AGST's Church History Th.M./Ph.D. program, which was hosted on the campus of APNTS, from its inception in Semester 1, 2002.
ATA.
Additionally, Cunningham is a member of the Visitation Evaluation Team (VET) of the Asia Theological Association (ATA), who was involved in evaluating Asian Seminary of Christian Ministries (ASCM) in Makati, Metro Manila, in early 2010; and the Asian Theological Seminary in Quezon City, Philippines in September 2011. Since October 2007 Cunningham has served as the Philippines representative on the editorial board of ATA's "Journal of Asian Evangelical Theology".
Other.
Cunningham is a Research Fellow of the Australasian Centre for Wesleyan Research (ACWR), and also serves on the editorial board of its theological journal, "Aldersgate Papers". From October 16–18, 2011 Cunningham was the speaker in a series of Holiness Conferences in Japan sponsored by the Japan Holiness Association.
Awards and honors.
On APNTS's Heritage Day on November 28, 2000, APNTS President Dr. John M. Nielson announced that the APNTS Board of Trustees had approved Cunningham as the first recipient of the APNTS Bridge Builder Award, "an elite award ... given occasionally in the history of APNTS in honor of long years of service and significant contributions to the mission of the seminary." Referring to Cunningham, Nielson indicated:
At the 39th annual meeting of the Wesleyan Theological Society held in Rochester, New York from March 4–6, 2004, Cunningham was announced as the recipient of the Smith-Wynkoop Award "in absentia" for his first book, "Holiness Abroad: Nazarene Missions in Asia" (Scarecrow Press, 2003). The Award, which was accepted on Cunningham's behalf by Stan Ingersol, is named in honor of the outstanding scholarly contributions of deceased Nazarene historian Timothy L. Smith, who was Cunningham's doctoral supervisor, and Nazarene theologian Mildred Bangs Wynkoop, who was Theologian-in-Residence when Cunningham was a student at Nazarene Theological Seminary in Kansas City, Missouri from 1976 to 1979.
In early 2009 at a Generation Congregation (GenCon) service at the Taytay First Church of the Nazarene, Cunningham received the GenCon Honorary Award for "his committed attendance at GenCon, and his ability to 'Bridge' that cultural gap, if only with his presence."
At the annual Homecoming Dinner of his "alma mater" Eastern Nazarene College in October 2011, thirty-five years after his graduation, Cunningham was announced as the Alumnus of the Year, which he acceped in Manila via Skype technology.

</doc>
<doc id="36768717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768717" title="Andreas Kirkerup">
Andreas Kirkerup

Andreas Johannes Kirkerup (9 June 1749 – 22 October 1810) was a Danish architect and master builder, one of the most significant pupils of Caspar Frederik Harsdorff. Together with architects such as Andreas Hallander and Johan Martin Quist, he played a major role in the rebuilding of Copenhagen after the Great Fire of 1795.
Early life and education.
The son of a carpenter, Kirkerup followed in his father's footsteps, training under master builder Johan Boye Junge who endorsed him to study architecture at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts where he studied under Caspar Frederik Harsdorff. He won the Academy's small and large silver medals in 1768, the small gold medal in 1771 and finally the large gold medal in 1773.
Career.
Kirkerup set up a business as master carpenter in 1774 and was appointed architect for the engineering troops. He won great recognition for his work and was appointed Court Carpenter in 1775 and Court Architect in 1991.
He was one of a select group of Harsdorff's students from the Academy, together with architects such as Andreas Hallander and Johan Martin Quist, who obtained a near monopoly on the rebuilding of Copenhagen after the Great Fire of 1795.
Other pursuits.
The group of builders which Kirkerup belonged to reinforced their friendship and professional connections through their membership of lodges, the Royal Copenhagen Shooting Society, the civil guard and the fire corps.
Still a student, Kirkerup enrolled in the fire corps in 1772 and was promoted through the ranks. He led the efforts to control the fire during the British Bombardment of Copenhagen in 1807 but was severely hurt in the line of duty. He died a few years later from his wounds and is buried at Frederiksberg churchyard.

</doc>
<doc id="36768724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768724" title="Sherman Williams">
Sherman Williams

Sherman Williams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36768745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768745" title="Sound of Stockholm">
Sound of Stockholm

Sound of Stockholm is an annual Swedish festival for contemporary classical music. The festival is based in Stockholm and was initiated by the composers Henrik Strindberg and Peter Lindroth during the 50-year-anniversary of the chamber music society "Samtida Musik". The festival is arranged by some of Sweden's most prominent institutions for contemporary music including Samtida Musik, Kroumata, Fylkingen, SEKT and Stockholm Saxophone Quartet. The festival first took place in 2010, when 1,400 people visited (a high number of people for a contemporary music festival) the 21 concerts and seminars that took place. 
The festival has hosted several of the most prominent musicians, ensembles and composers in the Sweden and abroad. Ensembles including Peärls Before Swïne Experience, Kroumata, Stockholm Saxophone Quartet and Sonanza have been featured as well as composers ranging from Annie Gosfield to Trevor Wishart.
Webpage.
Sound of Stockholm

</doc>
<doc id="36768748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768748" title="Streetz-n-Young Deuces">
Streetz-n-Young Deuces

Streetz-n-Young Deuces is an American hip-hop group consisting of Mark and Rudy Strong. They are best known for the songs "Mad Flavor" and "So Fresh" from the AND1 DVD Series.
History.
1986-2005: Early life & career beginnings.
Cousins Mark and Rudy Strong (both born in 1986) grew up in Milwaukee, WI and have been working on music since a very young age. Inspired by artist like Jay-Z, DMX, and Method Man & Redman, the two decided to take music more seriously and pursue their passion as a career. In 2008 they released their mixtape "We Want In Vol. 2", which resulted in a national feature in "The Source"'s "Unsigned Hype Section," UK's top magazine "Rago Magazine" & more. Their single "So Fresh" featured on the AND1 DVD series and more. The mixtape went on to sell more than 15,000 units independently throughout the following year.
Immediately after the success of "We Want In Vol. 2", Streetz-n-Young Deuces released their next mixtape "Money Marathon", a more commercial mixtape with more radio appeal then their previous work. The mixtape gained the group more magazine slots, including reviews in Ozone Magazine and Hip-Hop Weekly & helped them get the attention of Aphilliates Music Group.
2009-Present: Next Day Air.
In 2009, Streetz-n-Young Deuces started working with DJ Drama's protege, DJ Head Debiase, and went on to release two mixtapes through their brand. "Straight Drop Muzik 1 & 2" were both heavy successes, posted on many notable hip-hop websites. With the help of Aphilliates Music Group, Streetz-n-Young Deuces went on to win "Up & Coming Aritst of The Year" at the 1st Annual Get Em' Magazine Awards and "Best Indy Group" @ the 6th Annual Southern Ent Awards.
That same year, Streetz-n-Young Deuces inked a sponsorship from Crunk Energy Drink, and energy drink who also sponsored Lil Jon, Pitbull, and Paul Wall.
Streetz-n-Young Deuces began working on their 6th mixtape "Next Day Air" hosted by Shade 45 DJ, DJ Averi Minor, and sponsored by major blog RubyHornet.com in 2011. The mixtape took nearly a year to be created but turned out to be one of the groups most credible mixtape with features from Mickey Factz and The Black Wall Street Records artist Mysonne. With the success of "Next Day Air" the two went on to perform at numerous colleges and the South By Southwest festival. "Next Day Air" was listed on OnMilwaukee.com as one of the "Top 10 Projects I'm looking forward to in 2012" in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36768753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768753" title="Teodoro Duclère">
Teodoro Duclère

Teodoro Duclère (Naples, 1816-1867) was an Italian painter, active as a landscape painter in Naples, Italy.
He was born to French parents in Naples. He is one of the painters considered to belong to the School of Posillipo that arose in Naples associated with the Dutch painter, Anton van Pitloo, who would become Duclère's father-in-law. He was a close friend of Giacinto Gigante.

</doc>
<doc id="36768802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768802" title="Scam City">
Scam City

Scam City is a television show which started airing on Travel + Escape in June 2012, and has subsequently aired on the National Geographic Channel, and in Australia on the subscription channel Nat Geo People. Host Conor Woodman travels to some of the world's most popular cities in an effort to expose the darker side of tourism. 
Premise.
Woodman meets with questionable characters ranging from unethical cab drivers to aggressive pimps as he witnesses and experiences the travel experience of parting with personal property and money. He intentionally falls victim to these alleged scammers and says "yes" to every hooker and pocket jeweler in the city. The show aims to expose the local adaptations of common scams - from pick pockets, expensive cab fares, to bars luring people in with adult entertainment at a high cost.
Controversy.
Prague.
According to Prague's police department, all events depicted in the Prague episode were staged and the scammers were actually hired actors, as Czech Prima TV first revealed in October 2013. The Prague Police spokesperson, Ms. Jana Rösslerová, happened to see the episode on TV and immediately informed her colleagues. The Prague Police started to investigate the "crimes" depicted in the episode. They found and interrogated people featured in the documentary and checked all places where the crimes should have taken place. The result of their work was discovery that the whole reportage was fiction and staff shooting the documentary hired actors and extras for the roles of scammers. According to the police, the night-club presented as a place with prostitutes and blackmailers has been closed for several years and the company "Eurotaxi", used in the document as an example of taxi overpricing in Prague, went bankrupt in 2011, a year before the show was created.
Czech news agency Stream.cz repeated many of the investigations from the Scam City documentary. Their crew got into similar situations and were sometimes scammed with even worse results. They upheld the integrity of the Scam City programme and also revealed some errors in the statements made by Prague officials. For example, the notorious bar with prostitutes was still open at the time the original documentary was made.
Conor Woodman was requested by local police to give an explanation, yet he refused to do so stating that interviews with criminals were secured on the basis that information would not be shared with the police Interpol was requested for assistance in this matter but declined. 
National Geographic Channel insists that the documentary is not a fake, and that all persons depicted in the documentary were informed after the filming.
Amsterdam.
An episode aired in January 2014 provoked similar controversy, this time involving the city of Amsterdam. In the episode, various supposed crimes were filmed, including those committed by criminals posing as police officers, and Conor Woodman tweeted, in July 2013, "Amsterdam is right up there for the title of Scammiest City. It has all the right ingredients and all the right chefs!" A police investigation revealed, according to Amsterdam mayor Eberhard van der Laan, that the filmmakers had paid criminals to appear in the videos. National Geographic confirmed that people had been paid, but that they hadn't been actors; pending investigation they pulled the show from their rotation. Van der Laan referred to the show as "scam television", demanding an apology and rectification, and pending that threatened to take the matter to court. Woodman responded in a tweet, "O come on Mr Mayor! Convicted criminals we caught on camera in the Amsterdam ep say they were only 'acting'. You believe that?!! #whatever".
In March 2014, Amsterdam TV channel AT5 published a story alleging that one of the persons figuring in the Amsterdam episode claimed being paid 1800 Euro by National Geographic, and that representatives from National Geographic were discussing the matter with the city.
On May 23, 2014, the city of Amsterdam announced that an agreement was reached with National Geographic; National Geographic acknowledged that many of the events depicted in the show were put in scene, though they said it was based on extensive research.

</doc>
<doc id="36768805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768805" title="Hawaii–Hilo Vulcans">
Hawaii–Hilo Vulcans

The Hawaii–Hilo Vulcans (also UH Hilo Vulcans and UHH Vulcans) are the 12 varsity athletic teams that represent University of Hawaii at Hilo, located in Honolulu, Hawaii, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports. The Vulcans compete as members of the Pacific West Conference. Prior to 1994, UH Hilo belonged to the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics or NAIA. The University of Hawaii at Hilo Office of Intercollegiate Athletics has thirteen varsity teams as a member of the NCAA Division II, Pacific West Conference. UH Hilo has been a member of the PacWest Conference since 2004.
Nickname.
In 1965, a process was begun to adapt an individual identity for the University of Hawaii at Hilo Department of Intercollegiate Athletics. Previously known as the "Little Rainbows", the committee members focused on what would best represent the Island of Hawaii. Active volcanoes were immediately thought of and one of the first considerations was "Pele", the Hawaiian Volcano Goddess. However, out of respect for the Hawaiian Culture, the committee elected not to commercialize the Hawaiian deity.
In 1966, the University officially adopted "Vulcan" as their nickname. The Vulcans' colors are black and red. Five main sports venues used by the Vulcans are the new UH Hilo Gymnasium, the Afook-Chinen Civic Auditorium, Dr. Francis Wong Stadium, UH Hilo Tennis Courts, and the UH Hilo Softball Field. The men's and women's soccer and women's basketball athletic programs were added in 2006.
Vulcan is the Roman god of Fire and Volcanoes. He was an important member of the pantheon of the Romans. The Vulcan festival, Volcanalia, is held in Italy on August 23, each year. Vulcan is the patron god of artisans and blacksmiths. He was the son of Jupiter and Juno and his home was in the heart of Mount Etna. He fashioned Jupiter's magical thunderbolts and Cupid's arrows. His forge was thought to be the source of volcanic activity.
Vulcan's Greek counterpart is Hephaestus, the God of Destructive Terrestrial Fire and Volcanic Fire. He was the divine inventor and builder of magical things. From Vulcan, we receive the term Vulcanization. This is the treatment of rubber to give it certain qualities, such as strength, elasticity, resistance to solvents, and rendering it impervious to moderate heat and cold.
Varsity Sports.
Teams.
Men's sports
Women's sports

</doc>
<doc id="36768825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768825" title="Somali presidential election, 2012">
Somali presidential election, 2012

Indirect presidential elections were held in Somalia on 10 September 2012. The newly appointed Federal Parliament elected Hassan Sheikh Mohamud as the first President of Somalia since the dissolution of the Transitional Federal Government (TFG). The election had previously been scheduled for 20 August, the same day that the mandate of the TFG expired, but was rescheduled for a later date.
Background.
Following the outbreak of the civil war in 1991 that saw the ouster of the Siad Barre-led government, many of the few remaining political parties gave way to autonomous or semi-autonomous regional states, or fragmented into feuding militia groups. After several unsuccessful national reconciliation efforts, a Transitional Federal Government (TFG) was formed in 2004 with a mandate leading toward the establishment of a new constitution and a transition to a representative government.
Though there has been no government that has controlled the entirety of the territory recognised as Somalia since the Somali Civil War, there have been democratic elections in Somaliland and Puntland. In the months prior to the election, Operation Linda Nchi, backed by AMISOM, the military of Kenya and the TFG, pushed back Al Shabaab from Mogadishu and other areas to take control of bigger parts of the country than the internationally recognised government previously had. During the process there have also been several counter-attacks and bombings, including the deaths of high-profile figures. The UN-brokered Kampala Accord also ended the eight-year TFG, thus necessitating a new election. Several members of the Somali diaspora have also since returned to the country. The twice-renewed mandate of the TFG expired on 20 August.
Unlike in previous years, the run-up to the election, which fell on Eid al-Adha, the capital, Mogadishu, was reportedly peaceful.
Electoral system.
As part of the official "Roadmap for the End of Transition", Somali government officials met in the northeastern town of Garowe in February 2012 to discuss post-transition arrangements. After extensive deliberations attended by regional actors and international observers, the conference ended in a signed agreement between TFG President Sharif Sheikh Ahmed, Prime Minister Abdiweli Mohamed Ali, Speaker of Parliament Sharif Adan Sharif Hassan, Puntland President Abdirahman Mohamed Farole, Galmudug President Mohamed Ahmed Alim and Ahlu Sunnah Wal Jama'a representative Khalif Abdulkadir Noor stipulating that: a new 225 member bicameral parliament would be formed, consisting of an upper house seating 54 Senators as well as a lower house; the President is to be appointed through an election by appointed MPs; and the prime minister will then be selected by the president, who would, in turn, name a council of ministers.
On 23 June, TFG and regional leaders approved a draft constitution after several days of deliberation. The National Constituent Assembly overwhelmingly passed the new constitution on 1 August, with 96% of the 645 delegates present voting for it, 2% against it and 2% abstaining. To come into effect, it must be ratified by the new parliament.
A committee was formed to institute a new government and choose a president. The committee comprises 202 MP's and could have another 40 more representatives. On 18 August, committee co-chairperson Halimo Yarey said: "We have 202 members readied now and we are working on the reviewing of 40 others that were passed today and we hope the first parliament session will be held around August. The rest of the list is still pending because of inter-clan argument and other reasons related to a lack of fulfillment of the conditions."
The Technical Selection Committee is tasked with reviewing and approving a list of MPs from a list of nominations by a group of 135 traditional elders. On 17 August, the first 215 MPs were appointed, while about 70 nominees were rejected for failing the criteria to serve in parliament, which includes being Somali citizens of "sound mind," having a high school diploma and having no links to warlords or traces to "atrocities" during the civil war, as well as in accordane with the Galkayo and Garowe Principles accords. The TSC also based its screening procedure on detailed background information on the parliamentary candidates that was forwarded to it by the UN and African Union. The agreement also entails Somalia's four main clan families - the Darod, Dir, Hawiye and Rahanweyn - naming 30 members to the elders for nomination and 15 others suggested by a coalition of minority groups in what was called the four-and-a-half power sharing formula. Though it received praise as initiating some kind of permanent structures, it was also criticised as unfair with voting tied to clans and sub-clans in accordance with birth.
The new parliament would consist of 275 MPs in the lower house and an undecided number of upper house MPs capped at 54 representatives. They will be tasked with electing a new president, the speaker of parliament and two deputy speakers. The election had been scheduled to occur if a quorum of two-thirds of members (184 MPs) were present. Even though the total of 275 MPs were not achieved by the end of the TFG's mandate, the necessary quorum was achieved and a vote could have gone ahead as planned. As UN Special Representative Augustine Mahiga said that "this historic moment marks the long-awaited end of the transitional period in Somalia. The new MPs, selected after broad-based, grass roots consultations and representing all of Somalia's clans, have been successfully screened against objective criteria and are now ready to start their important work" and that the day marked the "legal end" of TFG, 222 of the MPs were sworn by the chief justice in at an airport base, which is located by the National Police Academy, which was secured by AMISOM troops. Pending the other 53 MPs the election will then be held by secret ballot. Defence Minister Hussein Arab Isse attributed the delay to a more thorough vetting process in order to avoid allegations of corruption and nepotism in order to avoid the scandals that dogged the TFG. He added that "most people that are coming into the parliament are highly educated and highly motivated."
Incumbent President Sharif Ahmed said of the committee that it "was given certain criteria to vet names presented to them. They don't have a right arbitrarily, to choose those on the list and who to reject. If there's a problem, members of the technical committee should go back to the council of elders, but it is unacceptable for them to overstep their mandate."
Candidates.
Since the official list has been released, 25 candidates are participating in Somalia's 2012 presidential elections. The list also includes a few incumbent government officials, such as President Sharif Ahmed, Prime Minister Abdiweli Mohamed Ali and Speaker of Parliament Sharif Hassan Sheikh Aden. Other prominent candidates included former Prime Minister Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, renowned scolar Prof. Dr. Mohamed Abdiweli Sheikh Yussuf Direed, journalist Yusuf Garaad Omar, social activist Hassan Sheikh Mohamud, and Professor Ahmed Ismail Samatar. The final number of hopefuls permitted to take part in the presidential race ultimately depends on which of the prospective candidates meets the presidential election commission's set of minimum prerequisites.
Issues.
Though this was the first election in decades to feature campaigning, some unnamed yet attributed as leading candidates said they were keeping a low profile due to the tenuous security situation. Further, the 30% representation for female MPs was frowned upon by the elder advisors who said it was too great a move in accordance with Somali culture. Despite lobbying by suffragettes, only 16% representations had been agreed upon.
External influence.
Prior to the election, a statement from the TFG's backers, including the African Union, the United Nations, the United States, the European Union and the Intergovernmental Authority on Development, read: "The conclusion of the Transition should mark the beginning of more representative government in Somalia. Whilst parliament remains a selected rather than elected body, it is essential that it cuts its ties with the past of self-interest and warlordism, and is populated by a new generation of Somali politicians, including the proper representation of Somali women."
Alexander Rondos, the European Union's special representative to the Horn of Africa, said from Mogadishu on 1 August: "We are in Mogadishu to show support because, finally, this is where the future of Somalia is being decided by Somalis. The international community welcomes the important progress that Somalia's leaders and people have made in getting to this stage."
Conduct.
Security was increased in Mogadishu on the day of the election with the visible sights of police and military patrols.
The chosen MPs re-scheduled the election in order to complete the remaining MP selections. The Minister of Planning and International Cooperation Godah Barre stated that the election would be held in two weeks' time, with a definite date expected to be announced.
On 30 August 2012, the federal parliament convened and unanimously endorsed a new committee tasked with overseeing the presidential elections. At the parliamentary session chaired by the Speaker of Parliament Mohamed Osman Jawari, 15 MPs were named to the body, with former acting Speaker Muse Hassan Abdulle appointed as the commission's chairperson.
At a press conference on 1 September 2012, the electoral commission released a ten-point set of criteria against which all prospective candidates for president would be screened. Among the cited conditions were that presidential hopefuls should be at least 40 years of age, a Muslim, and have no criminal history. Candidates are also required to pay a $10,000 registration fee and must have secured at least 20 supporters in parliament prior to running for office. Voting was scheduled to take place on the 10th of the month.
Results.
Members of Parliament marked their ballot papers behind a curtain before casting them in a clear box in front of foreign envoys and hundreds of Somali men and women, with the election broadcast live on television. After the first round of voting, former President Sharif Sheikh Ahmed emerged as the frontrunner, amassing 64 votes. Mohamud was a close second with 60 votes. Prime Minister Abdiweli Mohamed Ali placed third with 32 votes, but later dropped out ahead of the second round along with the fourth-place Abdiqadir Osoble Ali, even though both were eligible to stand in the second round. Mohamud went on to win the second round, defeating Sharif Ahmed by 190 votes to 79.

</doc>
<doc id="36768834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768834" title="Tapanee Pegazair-100">
Tapanee Pegazair-100

The Pegazair-100 STOL is a two seat STOL homebuilt aircraft developed in Canada.
Development.
Development of the Pegazair started in 1985 by Serg Dufour of Mont-Saint-Michel, Quebec. Originally it consisted of a new set of "Pega-STOL" wings with retractable leading edge slats to be installed on Zenair CH 701 STOLs to replace its wing which has fixed leading edge slots. Dufour went on to develop a new fuselage and tail to match the wings. The Pegazair is a two seats in side-by-side configuration, strut-braced, high-wing monoplane with conventional landing gear. Fuselage construction is welded steel tubing with aluminum skins. The wings employ full length flaperons and leading edge slats that deploy automatically. The tailplane is slotted for slow speed authority. The prototype was outfitted with a Continental A-65 engine. 
The design was later developed into the four seat Tapanee Levitation 4.

</doc>
<doc id="36768859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768859" title="Archery at the 1999 Pan American Games">
Archery at the 1999 Pan American Games

Archery at the 1999 Pan American Games was held in July and August 1999. The events took place at a temporary site at Assiniboine Park in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Just like in the Olympics, the archery competition will be held using the recurve bow.

</doc>
<doc id="36768886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768886" title="Louisville Memorial Auditorium">
Louisville Memorial Auditorium

Louisville Memorial Auditorium, located at 970 South Fourth Street, is a concert venue of Greek Revival design owned and operated by Louisville Metro Government. It was dedicated on Memorial Day, May 30, 1929, as a memorial to the people of Louisville who served in World War I. In 1954, the ceiling was lowered and the side balconies were closed off, reducing the seating capacity from 2,349 to 1,742 for improving the acoustics.
Memorial Auditorium is home of the World’s Largest Pilcher organ. This historic four-manual instrument with 5,288 pipes has been in operation since opening. It has been designated a Landmark by the Louisville Landmarks Commission and is on the National Register of Historic Places.
Although it is now used mainly by organizations for recitals, graduations, etc., it hosted many rock concerts in the 1960s and 1970s, including The Rolling Stones, Chicago, Bruce Springsteen, and KISS.

</doc>
<doc id="36768890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768890" title="Santa Maria di Caravaggio Church, Naples">
Santa Maria di Caravaggio Church, Naples

The Church of Santa Maria di Caravaggio is a Baroque Catholic church located on Piazza Dante in Naples, Italy.
Construction was begun in 1627 under the patronage of Felice Pignella, and dedicated to the Holy Mary of Caravaggio, a small town in the Province of Bergamo. This attribution of Mary recalls an apparition of the Virgin in 1432. The church was first attached to the Piarists, a religious order dedicated to teaching, and later to the Barnabites. In 1873, it became property of the Prince of Naples Institute for Blind Children (). The architect who helped complete the work was Giovan Battista Nauclerio. The dome was restored in 1846 by Michele Stellati.
The main altarpiece contains a painting entitled "The Birth of Mary", painted by Gaetano Gigante. The chapels to the right have paintings of "St Joseph" by Francesco Solimena, an anonymous "Madonna della Provvidenza", and a "Deposition" by Domenico Antonio Vaccaro. The chapels on the left have a "Sant'Antonio Zaccaria", by Luigi Scorrano; the tomb of the Barnabite priest, St. Francis Xavier Bianchi, and a painting depicting the apparition of the Virgin to peasants in Caravaggio. Other works in the church were completed by Errico Giovine and Giuseppe Bonolis.

</doc>
<doc id="36768894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768894" title="Don Allum">
Don Allum

Donald Edward Allum (17 May 1937 – 1 December 1992) was an English oarsman, the first person to row across the Atlantic Ocean in both directions.
On 26 March 1971, after 73 days at sea, Allum and his cousin, Geoff Allum, rowed their boat, the dory "QE3", into Harrison Point in Barbados.
In September 1987 Allum completed his westward crossing of the Atlantic, from St John's, Newfoundland to Dooagh on Achill Island, County Mayo, Ireland. The journey took 77 days and very nearly ended in disaster.
Allum died in Heston, Middlesex, in 1992.
British rock band Marillion released an eighteen-minute song called "Ocean Cloud" on its 2004 album "Marbles" based on Allum's 1987 crossing.

</doc>
<doc id="36768930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768930" title="Gotland School of Music Composition">
Gotland School of Music Composition

The Gotland School of Music Composition (sv. Gotlands tonsättarskola) is a folk high school for musical composition based in Visby, Gotland. The school offers two educational programs "Course in composition (2 years) and Composition - Contemporary (1 year).
The school tries to achieve a creative environment for young composers. There is pianos, a music studio for EAM and a music libery. The composer Mattias Svensson is the educational leader. Composers like Per Mårtensson and Henrik Strindberg hold seminars and individual lesson on weakly basis. Sweden's most famous composer Sven-David Sandström worked at the school previously.
Every year the students arrange the music festival "Ljudvågor", where professional musicians performs the students music. The festival has featured ensembles like Sonanza, Swedish Radio Choir, Norrbotten NEO and Pearls Before Swine Experience. 
The school has an ongoing cooperation with Visby International Centre for Composers (VICC).
Jan Risberg, conductor of The Sonanza Chamber Ensemble has stated that: "The Gotland School of Music Composition is the most important happening in the swedish contemporary music scene since The Monday Group in the 1940s."
Many established young composers in Sweden have studied at the school, among them Sofia Jernberg and Tony Blomdahl.

</doc>
<doc id="36768934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768934" title="List of dams and reservoirs in Kentucky">
List of dams and reservoirs in Kentucky

Following is a list of dams and reservoirs in Kentucky.
All major dams are linked below. The National Inventory of Dams defines any "major dam" as being tall with a storage capacity of at least , or of any height with a storage capacity of .

</doc>
<doc id="36768943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768943" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1500 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 1500 metres

The Men's 1500m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from 31 August to 4 September. A total of six events were contested over this distance for six different classifications.
Results.
T11.
Final
Competed 3 September 2012 at 20:31.
T13.
Final
Competed 4 September 2012 at 19:16.
T20.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 4 September 2012 at 19:34.
Final
Competed 4 September 2012 at 19:34.
T37.
There were no heats in this event. The final was competed on 3 September 2012 at 20:47.
Final
Competed 3 September 2012 at 20:47.
T46.
Final
Competed 4 September 2012 at 20:24.
T54.
Final

</doc>
<doc id="36768950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768950" title="Shiny Happy People (Grey's Anatomy)">
Shiny Happy People (Grey's Anatomy)

"Shiny Happy People" is the twenty-second episode of the sixth season of the American television medical drama "Grey's Anatomy", and the show's 124th episode overall. It premiered on May 13, 2010. Written by Zoanne Clack and Peter Nowalk, while directed by Ed Ornelas, the episode was viewed by 11.05 million Americans. In his review of the episode, "The Huffington Post" Michael Pascua said "Demi Lovato may have been the big celebrity name that was advertised on the commercials for "Grey's Anatomy", but Marion Ross [...] had the most touching story." He also noted a change in Sandra Oh's character, Cristina Yang, wondering "what happened to the headstrong independent Cristina of yester-season". The episode earned Lovato a People's Choice Award for Favorite TV Guest Star.
Production.
The episode was written by Zoanne Clack and Peter Nowalk, while Ed Ornelas directed it. On March 29, 2010, Demi Lovato announced on Twitter that she would film an episode of "Grey's Anatomy" during the week. It was later revealed that she would play a schizophrenic patient in a May episode. On April 14, Lovato posted a picture of her on the set. Also appearing in the episode is Marion Ross, whose presence was confirmed on April 19. Jason George reprised his role as Miranda Bailey's love interest Ben Warren, while Jonathan Goldstein, Emily Bergl, Amy Farrington and Austin Highsmith made their first and only appearance as Ken, Trisha, Mary and Amber, respectively.
Clack and Nowalk initially pitched Shonda Rhimes the episode as ending with Warren thinking that he and Bailey were not in an exclusive relationship but this was changed as Rhimes felt it was not right. The theme was thought to be about "happiness" and it evolved to how difficult it is to actually find happiness, "how we all try to be happy, constantly searching for it, faking it even, just in case it actually decides to show up." During their writing session, Clack and Nowalk thought of having a scene involving Alex Karev and Lexie leaving the party to "make whoopie" but that got cut.

</doc>
<doc id="36768951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768951" title="History of banking in Bangladesh">
History of banking in Bangladesh

The History of Banking in Bangladesh covers the nature of banking since Bangladesh was a part of former British colony of India.
History.
In the South Asian region a major landmark was the establishment of the Hindustan Bank in 1700 at Calcutta. After that, in Bangladesh Dhaka Bank was founded in 1806. Banks established in this region during the British period include Kurigram Bank (1887), Kumarkhali Bank (1896), Mahalaxmi Bank, Chittagong bank(1910), Dinajpur Bank(1914), Comilla Banking Corporation (1914) and Comilla Union Bank (1922). Major Indian Banks also had branches in this territory.

</doc>
<doc id="36768955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768955" title="Rosh Hashanah LaBehema">
Rosh Hashanah LaBehema

Rosh Hashanah LaBehema ( "New Year for Animals") is a minor Jewish holiday, occurring on the first day of the Hebrew month of Elul. During the time of the Temple this was the new year to determine the start date of animal tithes.

</doc>
<doc id="36768959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768959" title="Elizabeth Cresswell">
Elizabeth Cresswell

Elizabeth Cresswell (c. 1625 – c. 1698), also known as Mother Creswell and Madam Cresswell of Clerkenwell, was one of the most successful prostitutes and brothel keepers of the English seventeenth century. Starting with houses in Bartholomew Close, in the City of London and St Leonard's, Shoreditch, she built a widespread network of brothels across London, supplied with girls and women from across England. Her employees included the wives of soldiers pressed into service for Charles II and gentlewomen who had supported the Cavalier cause during the English Civil War and had since fallen on hard times. Her bawdy houses were favoured by King Charles and his court as well as powerful figures in government and city guilds. This position gave her a measure of immunity from prosecution and added to her profile as a caricature of iniquity and corruption.
During the Bawdy House Riots of 1668, apprentices smashed up brothels across London, including those belonging to Cresswell. She is listed as one the addressers of the satirical "Whores' Petition", sent to Lady Castlemaine, the King's courtesan. The letter requests help for the "sister" prostitutes who have had their livelihoods destroyed, asking that the brothels be rebuilt with money from the national tax coffers. Supporter of the prominent Whig, anti-Catholic, and anti-Carolean Thomas Player, Cresswell financed his political campaigns. In her final years she was attacked by both Protestants and Catholics: by Protestants for providing the royal court with whores, and by Catholics for financing Player's political rebellion.
Cresswell occupied a rare position in seventeenth-century England, as a person of common birth who rose to a position of high status as an independently wealthy, unmarried woman running a substantial business enterprise. She figures in a wide assortment of contemporary literature and songs, in ballads, poems, broadsides, novels and party pamphlets, often portrayed as a caricature of vice, a satirical figure of street commentary, sexual theatre and political bawdry.
Life and career.
Elizabeth Cresswell was born in about 1625, probably in the small village of Knockholt in Kent, England. Her middle-class Protestant family were influential, with strong connections to the powerful Percival family, favoured by King Charles I. By July 1658 Cresswell is recorded as a bawd "without rival in her wickedness", running a brothel in Bartholomew Close, a small street off Little Britain in the City of London. That month she was brought to trial in Hicks Hall, where constable John Marshall gave evidence that "Elizabeth Cresswell living in Bartholomew Close was found with divers Gentlemen and Women in her House at divers times". Marshall notes that some of the women were "sent to Bridewell", a notorious London prison. She subsequently attempted to bribe the police to avoid publicity for the court case. She was living two miles to the northeast of Bartholomew Close in St Leonard's, Shoreditch, by October 1658, when a mass of angry locals gathered at Westminster Court to give evidence against her and the prostitutes she ran from her "house". They stated that she:
... did entertain divers loose Persons, Men and Women suspected to have committed bawrdy...the said Elizabeth having lately taken a House ... for which she paid £100 for a Fine and a Rent of £40 per annum, whereunto many Persons well-habited have resorted by Day as by Nyght ... continued Drinking, Ranting, Dancing, Revelling, Swearing ... demeaning themselves as well on the Lord's Day and Fast Days. Witnesses told of seeing men and women going into rooms, 'the Woman having stript to her Bodice and Petticoat going into a room where they have shut the Casement and locked the Door ... some Company drunk about a dozen bottles of wine and further that divers Women suspected of Lightness have ... did surreptitiously slip in at a back gate whereby much infamy is brought upon the Place.
The amassed neighbours told of further infamies such as when whores "in the habit of a Gentlewoman began to propose a Health to the Privy Member of a Gentleman ... and afterwards drank a Toast to her own Private Parts". They complained that, such was the proliferation of bawds in the area around the house that the daughters of local families were assumed to be prostitutes by the men visiting the brothel. For her iniquities, Cresswell was "sett to Hard Labour" in prison.
Success.
By 1660, like her fellow Londoner Damaris Page, Mother Cresswell was regarded as one of the great figures of the London scene, with a talent for self-promotion. She declared she had "Beauties of all Complexions, from the cole-black clyng-fast to the golden lock'd insatiate, from the sleepy ey'd Slug to the lewd Fricatrix". She had a network of agents across the country who found her pretty young girls. Among her brothels, she owned one in Lincoln's Inn Fields by Whetstone Park where she sold "strong waters and fresh-faced wenches to all who had guineas to buy them with." Her headquarters were in a brothel on Back Alley off Moor Lane, near Cripplegate, where Moorgate station stands today. She also ran an office in Millbank to organise whores for local noblemen and owned both a mansion in Clerkenwell and a "House of Assignation" where women old and young could discreetly meet their lovers. She took on a cohort of Cavalier gentlewomen from formerly high circles of society who had supported the parliamentarian uprising, their standing destroyed by the civil war. This network of women worked the alleys close to the Gresham Royal Exchange in the city, and so were known as the "Countesses of the Exchange" or "side-pillows".
The Bawdy House Riots and the "Whores' Petition".
King Charles II patronised Cresswell's establishments, as he did those of Madam Damaris Page; he declared Cresswell's to be "a Sound organisation". She became as well known as the politicians of her time, largely shielded from legal proceedings by her extensive London network of clients across the court, the guilds and government. Her increasing immunity from prosecution furthered her stature as a hate figure, particularly with the many thousands of London apprentices who could not afford her bawds, and bound by the terms of their contracts, were forbidden to marry. The houses of Cresswell and Page were a target for the 1668 Bawdy House Riots that swept London. Starting on Shrove Tuesday, the rioting lasted for five days, as young apprentices burnt and smashed the royally supported brothels. To some, the brothels symbolised Charles's continental style court: licentious and awash with unaffordable debauchery. The apprentices attacked her "cathouse" in Moorfields, assaulting the women, tearing up the bedding, looting the property and destroying the building.
Following the riot, Page and Cresswell are listed as the addressers of "The Whores' Petition", sent to Lady Castlemaine, the King's lover, notorious for her own wild promiscuity. Some historians, such as Linnane, infer an active role of the addressers Page and Cresswell in the writing of the document. Others such as Mowry and Turner suggest it is an organ of political ventriloquism on behalf of anonymous, radical dissenters. In an act of brazen public satire, the two brothel owners request that the aristocrat act on the behalf of her "sisters" and repay the madams for the rebuilding of their brothels, funded by the national tax coffers. They address Castlemaine as a prostitute herself and list the sites of the brothels where her fellows struggle. It is addressed as:
Given her great experience in whoring, Lady Castlemaine would, they argued, be able to sympathise deeply with prostitutes across the city. "Should your Eminency but once fall into these Rough hands", they wrote, "you may expect no more Favour than they have shewn unto us poor Inferiour Whores". Diarist Samuel Pepys noted that Castlemaine was "horribly vexed" by the petition. The letter itself was so finely tuned to the political dynamics of the day that though the printer was arrested, the court censor writes that "I can fasten nothing on "The Poor Whore's Petition" that a jury will take notice of."
The Petition caused a flurry of broadside satires, poems and ballads on the subject through the following year. The historian James Turner identifies this event as an example of a new carnivalisation of sexuality in Restoration England, where genuine political attack, satire, street commentary and bawdy theatre came together. Two years after the riots, a mob gathered once more and again swore they would raze Cresswell's cathouse to the ground, though protection from the local beadles prevented the attack.
Political affiliation.
Cresswell never married. She was widely considered to be the lover of City Chamberlain Sir Thomas Player, nicknamed Sir Thomas Cresswell. He was a prominent Whig, an anti-Catholic, and an anti-Carolean, who gave large banquets for his political affiliates at Cresswell's house in Camberwell. These were said often to turn into orgies. On one occasion Cresswell provisioned such a party with 300 prostitutes; the story of the night was promptly turned into a local ballad. Cresswell bankrolled Player's career during this period, which gave her leverage in the political and financial underworld but also made her fierce enemies. Player's support for the anti-Catholic rebel Titus Oates and the avowedly Protestant claimant to the throne the Duke of Monmouth proved to be his ruin. Cresswell attempted to distance herself from any political affiliation, but was ultimately attacked by Protestants for providing the royal court with whores and by Catholics for financing Player. In 1681 she was brought to trial and convicted for "over thirty years of bawdry"; during the proceedings many of her own prostitutes testified against her. Her brothel at Moorfields was taken from her, but her businesses continued as usual.
Last years.
Creswell's health deteriorated towards the end of her life, probably because of tuberculosis. She appears ill and careworn in the portrait of her engraved by Marcellus Laroon, which now hangs in London's National Portrait Gallery. Cresswell was incarcerated in Bridewell Prison and she died there. Differing sources place the year of her death at some point around 1698. In her will she requested "a Decent Buryall in the Parish Church of Nockholt in the County of Kent accordynge to the Manner of the Church of England".
Cresswell was not buried at Knockholt and was possibly interred in the Bridewell graveyard. Several accounts claim that in her will she left £10 for a sermon to be read that said nothing ill of her. After a long search, a young clergyman prepared to perform the funeral rites was found. Following a lengthy sermon on social morality, he intoned: "By the will of the deceased it is expected that I should mention her and say nothing but what was well of her. All I shall say of her, therefore, is this – she was born well, lived well, and died well; for she was born with the name of Cresswell, lived at Clerkenwell, and died in Bridewell."
In contemporary media.
Cresswell was in a rare position for many reasons. Although she was of common birth, a woman and unmarried, she rose to a position of high status, running a large business enterprise. By mid-life she was an independently wealthy woman, connected across England to rich and powerful men in government and the court. Her network of services were in high demand, counter to the religious and social morals of the day.
Cresswell's success was fed by a talent and zest for self-promotion; she openly advertised her bawdy businesses, which helped to build her own profile. She was regularly referenced in party pamphlets, street literature and ballads, and may have been one of the inspirations for the eponymous hero of Daniel Defoe's satire "Moll Flanders". Richard Head and Francis Kirkman, authors who frequented bawdy houses, wrote up and circulated graphic accounts of their encounters with "the old matron" and "her girls" in "The English Rogue" (1665). She is mentioned often in Nathanael Thompson's "Collection of 180 Loyal Songs" (1685 and 1694), the Rochester satires and "Poems on State Affairs" (1697–1707).
Cresswell is satirised in Thomas Otway's "Venice Preserv'd" as the figure providing Sir Thomas Player with unending quantities of young flesh and in the anonymous pamphlet "A Letter from the Lady Cresswell to Madam C. the midwife" (London, 1680). "The Whore's Rhetorick" (1683) was an anonymous translation of Ferrante Pallavicino's "La Retorica della puttane" (1642). Set out like a traditional text book on the ancient art of rhetoric, the adaptation featured a caricature of Cresswell as a philosopher teaching her lifetime's worth of sexual tricks and wiles to Dorethea, the fallen daughter of a ruined royalist. In this satirical parody, the madam advises her young student: "You must cloath your discourse with a meek, grave, and pious aspect, to make your sophistry pass for sincere and real". She recommends researching the nature of the client:
Whore will find it much to her advantage, to enquire particularly into the
state and quality of all her Suitors affairs, to hinder any disappointment or
surprize: for if she has well informed her self of their busy hours, and when the necessities of their vocation, or the impulse of pleasure, do oblige their attendance; it will be easy to appoint times of meeting, as may give general satisfaction, and enable her to observe her particular engagements.
"In the sentiment of my Rhetorick", she lectures "there is no music ought to sound more charmingly in a Whores Ears as the sweet melody created by the clashing of Gold in her own purse."
References.
Notes
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36768966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768966" title="Archery at the 1987 Pan American Games">
Archery at the 1987 Pan American Games

Archery at the 1987 Pan American Games was held in August 1987. The events took place at a temporary site at Eagle Creek Park in Indianapolis, United States. Just like in the Olympics, the archery competition will be held using the recurve bow.

</doc>
<doc id="36768979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768979" title="4 Equulei">
4 Equulei

4 Equulei is a double star in the constellation of Equuleus.
Properties.
The main component is a F-type main sequence star at an age of 2.2 billion years. It weighs 2.4×1030 kilograms. This star also has a luminosity of 2 times the Sun's luminosity.

</doc>
<doc id="36768983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768983" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 5000 metres">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 5000 metres

The Men's 5000m athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from 31 August to 7 September. A total of three events were contested over this distance for three different classifications.
Results.
T11.
Top five finishers:
T12.
Top five finishers:
T54.
Final
Top five finishers:

</doc>
<doc id="36768984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768984" title="Travis Touma">
Travis Touma

Travis Touma is an Australian-born rugby league player who represented Lebanon in the 2000 World Cup. He played seven test matches for Lebanon between 2000 and 2003 and also competed in the 2004 World Sevens.
He now works as a physiotherapist in Sydney, Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="36768986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768986" title="The Forest Fire">
The Forest Fire

The Forest Fire is a painting by Italian Renaissance painter Piero di Cosimo. The painting depicts a variety of frightened animals attempting to escape a forest fire. The painting has a lot of activity, at the center of which is the raging fire itself. One of the earliest landscape paintings of the Renaissance, it combines real animals as well as made up animals. It was inspired by Book 5 of Lucretius's "On the Nature of Things"

</doc>
<doc id="36768987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768987" title="Kanadi Budruk">
Kanadi Budruk

Kanadi Budruk is a small village situated in the Ashti tehsil of the Beed district of Maharashtra. The population of the Kanadi Budruk is approximately 1800 as per latest census in 2011. The main occupation in the village is agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="36768994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36768994" title="Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's welterweight">
Boxing at the 1948 Summer Olympics – Men's welterweight

The men's welterweight boxing competition at the 1948 Olympic Games in London was held from 7 to 13 August at the Empress Hall in Earl's Court and the Wembley Arena.
Competition format.
Like all Olympic boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. The competition began with a preliminary round on 9 August, where the number of competitors was reduced to 16, and concluded with a final on 13 August. As there were less than 32 boxers in the competition, a number of boxers received a bye for the preliminary round. All bouts consisted of three periods where the boxers received points for every successful punch they land on their opponent's head or upper body. The boxer with the most points at the end of the bouts wins. If a boxer is knocked to the ground and cannot get up before the referee counts to 10 then the bout is over and the opponent wins.

</doc>
<doc id="36769001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769001" title="List of historic places in Manitoba">
List of historic places in Manitoba

This article is a list of historic places in the province of Manitoba entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal. The listings are divided by region. See the following lists:

</doc>
<doc id="36769043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769043" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 4 × 100 metres relay">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's 4 × 100 metres relay

The Men's 4x100m Relay athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium on 5 September. A total of two events were contested over this distance incorporating six different classifications.
Results.
T42-T46.
South Africa won with a world record time of 41.78 seconds. The team included Samkelo Radebe on the first leg, Zivan Smith on the second leg, Arnu Fourie on the third leg and Oscar Pistorius on the anchor leg.

</doc>
<doc id="36769060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769060" title="Texas in July (album)">
Texas in July (album)

Texas in July is the third studio album from Texas in July. The album was produced by Will Putney, recorded at Machine Shop Studios in Belleville, New Jersey, and released on October 9, 2012, with "Bed of Nails", the first single from the album, released on September 11, 2012. The entire album was streamed online one week prior to its release.
The album features percussion from Matt Greiner of August Burns Red, vocals from David Stephens of We Came as Romans and Chadwick Johnson of Hundredth.
The album peaked at No. 4 in the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart. 

</doc>
<doc id="36769075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769075" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's triple jump">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's triple jump

The Men's Triple Jump athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8. A total of 3 events were contested over this distance for 3 different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36769081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769081" title="James M. Creighton">
James M. Creighton

James Miller Creighton (September 14, 1856 - November 25, 1946) was an architect who practiced in Phoenix, Arizona from the 1880s through the 1920s. Several of his works are listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.
Creighton was born in Chatham, New Brunswick, emigrated to Denver, Colorado in 1879, and resided in Colorado for three years. He became a naturalized United States citizen and, in the early 1880s, established an architectural practice in Arizona. He lived with his wife Nellie Creighton in Maricopa County in the Arizona Territory from at least 1900 through at least the 1930s.
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include:

</doc>
<doc id="36769110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769110" title="Daigo (dairy product)">
Daigo (dairy product)

Daigo was a type of dairy product made in Japan during the 10th century. 
Summary.
The first mention of this word was in Nirvana Sutra. 
From cows to fresh milk; fresh milk to cream; cream to curdled milk; curdled milk to butter; butter to ghee ("daigo"). Daigo is the best. - Nirvana Sutra 
This is the origin of the word, "daigo-mi" (醍醐味), which means a superb flavor. Emperor Daigo encouraged the production of so and other cheese-like products. His name origin is thought to be based on the above text. Daigo is thought to have come from China, but it is no longer made in either China or Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="36769126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769126" title="Next Day Air (mixtape)">
Next Day Air (mixtape)

Next Day Air is the sixth official mixtape from Milwaukee, Wisconsin group Streetz-n-Young Deuces. The mixtape was released on March 20, 2012, through EMP Entertainment. The mixtape's lead single, "Treadmill" is produced by Shotgun Shorty. The second single, "Cadillac Muzik" was produced by Jae Swaggs.
Background.
Streetz-n-Young Deuces began working on the mixtape immediately after "Straight Drop Muzik". The project took nearly a full year to be produced. The mixtape was named for the film Next Day Air but is not related nor tied in together at all.
Singles.
The mixtape's first single was "Treadmill." A music video was shot and released through RubyHorent.com website on April 30, 2012. The video was filmed, directed and edited by DADO productions. 

</doc>
<doc id="36769140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769140" title="Confederate States presidential election, 1861">
Confederate States presidential election, 1861

The Confederate States presidential election of 1861 was the first and only presidential election held under the Permanent Constitution of the Confederate States of America. Jefferson Davis, who had been elected President and Alexander H. Stephens, who had been elected Vice President, under the Provisional Confederate States Constitution, were elected to six-year terms (February 22, 1862 – February 22, 1868) as the first permanent President and Vice President of the Confederate States of America.
Background.
The Confederate Provisional Congress met at Montgomery, Alabama, on February 4, 1861. A provisional constitution was adopted on February 8, 1861.
On February 9, 1861, Jefferson Davis was elected Provisional President and Alexander H. Stephens was elected Provisional Vice President. Both men took office on February 18, 1861.
On March 11, 1861, a permanent Constitution was adopted.
Constitutional Provisions.
Article II Section 1(1) reads: ""The executive power shall be vested in a President of the Confederate States of America. He and the Vice President shall hold their offices for the term of six years; but the President shall not be re-eligible.""
Article II Section 1(7) of the Confederate Constitution provides citizenship to people "born in the United States prior to the 20th of December, 1860" and also requires candidates for the President of the Confederacy to have resided "within the limits of the Confederate States" for 14 years.'"
Article VII Section 1(2) includes instructions for electing permanent officials after the ratification of the Confederate Constitution:
"When five states shall have ratified this Constitution, in the manner before specified, the Congress under the Provisional Constitution, shall prescribe the time for holding the election of President and Vice President; and, for the meeting of the Electoral College; and, for counting the votes, and inaugurating the President."
General Election.
Campaign.
Davis and Stephens ran without opposition.
Results.
The election simply confirmed the decision that had been made by the Provisional Confederate Congress earlier in the year. Davis remained president until May 5, 1865, when the Confederate government was officially dissolved.
Source (Popular Vote): CSA President - Popular Vote. "Our Campaigns". (August 30, 2012).
Source (Electoral Vote): CSA President. "Our Campaigns". (August 30, 2012).
(a) "Totals reflect the popular vote in North Carolina only."
(b) "Missouri and Kentucky did not participate in this election."
Official sources.
"Journal of the Congress of the Confederate States of America, 1861-1865" 5, Journal of the House of Representatives of the First Congress of the Confederate States of America, Second Day--Wednesday, February 19, 1862, page 12 and page 13

</doc>
<doc id="36769167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769167" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's shot put">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's shot put

The Men's Shot Put athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 8, 2012. A total of 11 events were contested incorporating 19 different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36769181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769181" title="List of historic places in Nunavut">
List of historic places in Nunavut

This article is a list of historic places in the territory of Nunavut entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.

</doc>
<doc id="36769183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769183" title="List of museums in Belarus">
List of museums in Belarus

This is a list of museums in Belarus.

</doc>
<doc id="36769236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769236" title="Jordan and Salt Lake City Canal">
Jordan and Salt Lake City Canal

The Jordan and Salt Lake City Canal is an historic waterway in Salt Lake County, Utah. It was first envisioned in 1849 and construction began in 1855. Initially conceived as a way to transport granite blocks from a quarry in Little Cottonwood Canyon to the construction site of the future Salt Lake Temple (a railroad spur from the canyon to the temple grounds was completed before this could become a reality), the canal evolved into a typical irrigation waterway.

</doc>
<doc id="36769284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769284" title="Free category">
Free category

In mathematics, the free category or path category generated by a directed graph or quiver is the category that results from freely concatenating arrows together, whenever the target of one arrow is the source of the next.
More precisely, the objects of the category are the vertices of the quiver, and the morphisms are paths between objects. Here, a path is defined as a sequence
where formula_2 is a vertex of the quiver, formula_3 is an edge of the quiver, and "n" ranges over the non-negative integers. The case of "n"=0 should be interpreted as the identity morphisms of the category.
Properties.
The category of small categories Cat has a forgetful functor "U" into the quiver category Quiv:
This functor forgets the identity morphisms of a given category, and it forgets morphism compositions. A "strict category" is a category with the structure of Set; the idea of "strictness" here is to make sure that any chosen category has objects that can be interpreted as the vertices of a quiver, that is, where the equality of heads to tails of edges can be specified. The left adjoint of this functor is a functor "F" taking Quiv to the corresponding free categories, as defined above:

</doc>
<doc id="36769287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769287" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's discus throw">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's discus throw

The Men's Discus Throw athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from August 31 to September 7. A total of 10 events were contested incorporating 13 different classifications.
Schedule.
There were no heats. However, in each event after the first three throws, the top eight had 3 extra throws.
Results.
PR = Paralympic record;
RR = Regional record;
PB = Personal best;
SB = Season best;
NM = No mark;
DNS = Did not start.

</doc>
<doc id="36769306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769306" title="YouBar">
YouBar

YouBar is a nutrition bar company producing energy bars that customers design. Ava Bise and Anthony Flynn, a mother-son team from Los Angeles, California, founded the company in 2006. Customers design bars using a nine-step process on YouBar's website, then order boxes of thirteen bars each. The service is designed for people with specific dietary requirements (particularly vegans, athletes, and people with allergies), and gives the customer control over what goes into the product.
History.
In 1998, Bise and Flynn started making nutrition bars at home using organic ingredients and recipes obtained by from swapping. They launched their product by wrapping the bars in wax paper and distributing them to friends. In 2006, after Flynn graduated from the University of Southern California with a degree in business administration, they expanded it into a custom bar company. It continued to operate from their home kitchen, and then borrowed commercial kitchen space from Bise's synagogue. Shortly after, they moved into their own space, an 800 square-foot commercial kitchen on Beverly Boulevard in Los Angeles, and in 2011, expanded into their current 8,000-square-foot facility in Downtown Los Angeles.
YouBar distributes its product internationally. Every bar is made-to-order, then packaged in a custom wrapper. The company's website averages 1,250 visitors dailyt and has had four million page views since 2008. In 2008, YouBar sales doubled every month.
Product.
The product offers more than forty million bar possibilities; The customer can choose the base, the add-on protein powders, nuts and seeds, dried fruits and berries, sweeteners, and grains. The company provides established recipes for the more popular bars, and offers a satisfaction guarantee to customers unhappy with their choice of ingredients.
The firm also produces "YouShakes", where customers in a similar manner pick the shake’s ingredients and individual portion size. In 2009, the firm introduced "YouTrailMix", a similar product. . In 2010, then launched "YouCereal", a similarly personalized breakfast cereal.
Media.
YouBar has been featured in the New York Times, the Today Show, Good Morning America, Runner's World, Women's Health, and Today's Health and Wellness.
Philanthropy.
The firm donates 2% of its annual profits to two charities: the Los Angeles Regional Foodbank and the United States Fund for UNICEF.

</doc>
<doc id="36769328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769328" title="White on White">
White on White

White on White (1918) is an abstract painting by Kasimir Malevich. It is one of the more well-known examples of the Russian suprematism movement.
Brush strokes are evident in this painting and the artist tried to make it look as if the tilted square is coming out of the canvas. The painting was considered ludicrous in its day.

</doc>
<doc id="36769330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769330" title="Paimiut, Alaska">
Paimiut, Alaska

Paimuit is an unincorporated community in Bethel Census Area, Alaska, United States. The population is 2. The nearest town is Hooper Bay, Alaska. The elevation is 197 feet. Paimiut is an Eskimo name meaning, "people of the stream's mouth". The town is on the east bank of the Lithkealik River.
Tourism.
The area is rich in fish. Paimiut is a fishing camp in the summer. During the winter, only 2 residents remain.

</doc>
<doc id="36769350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769350" title="Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's javelin throw">
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Paralympics – Men's javelin throw

The Men's Javelin Throw athletics events for the 2012 Summer Paralympics took place at the London Olympic Stadium from September 1 to September 8. A total of 8 events were contested incorporating 14 different classifications.

</doc>
<doc id="36769367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769367" title="MT explosive motorboat">
MT explosive motorboat

The explosive motorboat MT ("Motoscafo da Turismo") also known as "barchino" (Italian for "little boat"), was a series of small explosive motor boats developed by the Italian Royal Navy, which was based on its predecessors, the prototype boat MA ("Motoscafo d'Assalto") and the MAT ("Motoscafo Avio Trasportato"), an airborne prototype. By the end of September 1938 the Navy Department ordered six explosive boats. The one-pilot vessels were built by the companies Baglietto of Varazze and CABI of Milan, which was also to supply the engines. The small vessels were used by the Italian Navy in at least two major operations in the Mediterranean theatre during World War II.
Delivery and trials.
The first six boats were delivered in early 1939, immediately after which test trials were conducted off La Spezia. The MT explosive motorboat revealed some weaknesses. The deck was made of tarpaulins, which exposed the hull to leakage from splashing at high speed. The naval command demanded the addition of a solid wooden deck and a larger freeboard of 0.9 m (later enlarged to 1.1 m) and sent the boats and machine parts back to the manufacturer so that they could implement the requirements. In March 1939, the Navy Department ordered a further 12 explosive boats, increasing the total number to 18.
MT deployment.
The 18 motor boats were not operational until November 1940, when a full trial was carried out with a reduced warhead against the old World War I scout cruiser "Quarto". That was just six months after Italy's entry into World War II as an ally of Nazi Germany. More extensive testing before the official line-up showed once again that the boat's operational performance was limited. Therefore, an improved sea-going version was designed, the MTM ("Motoscafo da Turismo Modificato"), which also included a reverse gear.
Specifications.
The MTs had a length of 5.62 m and a beam of 1.62 m. They were propelled by a 95 horsepower Alfa Romeo AR 6cc outboard motor and developed a maximum speed of 33 knots at full load. The boats were specially equipped to be launched from a surface mother ship and then make their way through obstacles such as torpedo nets. The pilot would steer the assault craft on a collision course at his target ship, and then would jump from his boat before impact and warhead detonation. The pilot's cockpit was at the rear, in order to ensure an even distribution of weight with the 330 kg explosive charge inside the bow. The motor boat was designed to make a silent approach to a moored warship, set a collision course and run into full gear until the last 200 or 100 yards to the target, when the pilot would eject after blocking the rudder. At impact, the hull would be broken amidships by a small explosive charge, sinking the boat and the warhead, which was fitted with a water-pressure fuse set to go off at a depth of one metre.
Operational history.
On 25 March 1941, the destroyers "Crispi" and "Sella" departed Leros island in the Aegean at night for the allied naval base at Souda Bay, Crete, each one carrying three MTs. Once inside the bay, the six boats located their targets: the British heavy cruiser , the Norwegian tanker "Pericles" of 8,300 tons, another tanker, and a cargo ship. Two MTs hit "York" amidships, flooding her aft boilers and magazines. The "Pericles" was severely damaged and settled on the bottom. The other "barchini" apparently missed their intended targets, and one of them was stranded on the beach. All six Italian pilots were captured. The disabled "York" was later scuttled with demolition charges by her crew before the German conquest of Crete, while the disabled "Pericles" sank in April 1941 while being towed to Alexandria.
On 26 July 1941, two human torpedoes ("Maiale") and ten MAS boats (including six MTs) launched an unsuccessful attack on the British naval base at Valletta, Malta. The force was detected early on by a British radar facility, but the British coastal batteries held their fire until the Italians approached to close range. Fifteen Decima MAS crewmen were killed and 18 captured. All six MTs, both human torpedoes and two MAS boats (MAS 451 and MAS 452 ) were lost either to the coastal artillery or aircraft. One of the MTs hit a pile of the bridge linking Fort Saint Elmo with the breakwater, which collapsed with the blast, blocking the entrance to the harbor. The bridge was never restored, and a new one was not built until 2012.
The MTs were eventually superseded by the MTMs by the fall of 1941. The MTMs were deployed to the Black Sea at German request, in support of Operation Barbarossa from March 1942 to May 1943 and along the Libyan-Egyptian coast from August to September 1942, in both cases with little success. On 29 June 1942, during the Black Sea campaign, a number of MTMs supported a diversionary German landing near Balaklava. One of the explosive boats was intentionally run aground and set off on a beach occupied by Soviet troops in order to create confusion about the main landing point.
Later in the war, the Italian Navy developed a third type of explosive motorboat, the MTR ("Motoscafo da Turismo Ridotto"), a light version of the MTM for being carried to the intended target by submarine, on the same containers used to transport human torpedoes. An attempt against Allied naval forces in the Messina Strait was aborted when the submarine carrying the MTRs, the "Ambra", was depth-charged on 25 July 1943 by aircraft. The containers were distorted by the explosions and the boats became jammed inside.
After Italy signed an armistice with the Allies, the Italian Social Republic, a fascist puppet state in northern Italy which remained part of the Axis, continued to build and use MTMs. On the last days of the war in Europe, on 16 April 1945, one MTM hit and heavily damaged the French destroyer "Trombe" off Liguria.
Israeli navy.
At least four MTMs survived World War II to be used by the Shayetet 13, a unit of naval commandos of the Israeli Navy during the War of Independence. Three of them, transported by the former US patrol yacht INS "Ma'oz", attacked the Egyptian sloop "Emir Farouk" and a BYMS-class minesweeper in the Mediterranean on 22 October 1948, off the Sinai peninsula, in the naval campaign of Operation Yoav. The sloop sank in five minutes, while the minesweeper was severely damaged and had to be written off. Unlike the Italian procedure, the Israelis allocated a fourth boat to rescue the pilots. Another MTM was deployed to the Red Sea, with the mission of infiltrating secret agents into Jordan.

</doc>
<doc id="36769382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769382" title="Delano Howell">
Delano Howell

Delano Andre Howell (born November 17, 1989) is a strong safety for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL). He was originally signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2012. Howell played his four years of college football at Stanford University in the same position he has now. He is the younger brother of Dan Howell, who played football for the University of Washington.
High school.
Howell attended William S. Hart High School in Newhall, California where he played football for the Indians as a running back and ran track as a sprinter, long jumper, and triple jumper. Rivals.com selected him as the number 16 all-purpose back in the country and was chosen by PrepStar to be part of the All-West Region for the class of 2008 as well as a first-team all-state selection. Howell set multiple school records in his time at Hart, including rushing yards (4,502), total touchdowns (82), points scored (494), and yards from scrimmage (5,930). He was named the 2007 CIF-Southern Section Northern Division Offensive Player of the Year.
Collegiate career.
Howell competed in both football and track & field at Stanford University where he wore number 26 on the field. In track & field he owned Stanford's best mark of 2011 in the long jump at 23-8 3/4.
As a freshman, Howell played football as a running back where he had a season best 59 rushing yards and 94 passing yards against San Jose State and as a kickoff returner where he averaged 25.8 yards per return.
In his second year, he transferred to defense as a strong safety and totaled two interceptions, three pass breakups, and one fumble recovery. When he played the University of Washington he became the first Stanford player to have two interceptions in one game since 2007 and had a career-high 15 tackles against California.
Junior year Howell made the All-Pac-10 second team and had 60 tackles, including 8 against USC, 11 against the University of Arizona and 12 against Notre Dame. Against the University of Oregon, Howell picked up 8 tackles, an interception, and a fumble recovery.
In his final year at Stanford, Howell missed three games due to a hand injury. He went on, however, to total seven tackles against Oklahoma State in Cardinal's 41-38 loss in the 2012 Fiesta Bowl. He was awarded the Jack Huston Award for "the player who best exemplifies aggressiveness, exceptional performance and unheralded efforts" and was named to the All-Pac-12 Conference first team.
Howell ended his career at Stanford with 190 total tackles and seven interceptions in his 34 games.
Professional career.
Howell was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Buffalo Bills in April 2012 as a strong safety — the same position he played for three years in college. He is the seventh Hart High School graduate to play professionally after Miami quarterback Matt Moore and former Oakland quarterback Kyle Boller.
He was signed by the Indianapolis Colts on November 28, 2012.
On October 6th 2013, Howell returned a blocked field goal 61yds for a Touchdown, with the Colts trailing 12-7 at the time. The play turned out to be one of the key moments in the Colts 34-28 win over the eventual Super Bowl XLVIII champion Seattle Seahawks.

</doc>
<doc id="36769397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769397" title="Joseph Crespino">
Joseph Crespino

Joseph Crespino (born January 10, 1972) is a political historian of the 20th Century United States, specializing in the history of the American South and of modern conservatism. He is the author of two books and an edited collection and has been named a Top Young Historian by the History News Network at George Mason University.
Personal History.
Crespino was raised in Macon, Mississippi. His father, Bobby Crespino, played football at the University of Mississippi and then later in the NFL. Crespino attended The McCallie School in Chattanooga, Tennessee, from 1986 to 1990, and Northwestern University (1990–1994). From 1994 to 1996, he was a member of the Mississippi Teacher Corps, where he taught 11th-grade American history at Gentry High School in Indianola, Mississippi.
He earned his doctorate in American history from Stanford University in 2002 and is currently an associate professor of history at Emory University in Atlanta. He received the Undergraduate Teaching Award from the Emory Center for Teaching and Curricular Excellence in 2009. His wife is Mississippi-born singer-songwriter Caroline Herring.
Works.
Crespino is the author of "Strom Thurmond’s America" (Hill and Wang, 2012), a political biography of the longtime U.S. Senator from South Carolina. Pulitzer Prize winner Doris Kearns Goodwin describes it as a “thoroughly terrific and important work” that “makes clear the continuing impact of Thurmond’s legacy on our politics today.” Publishers Weekly gave it a starred review, calling in “an impressive biography . . . Crespino’s portrait reveals a flawed, egotistical, unapologetic, headstrong man whose views helped give birth to the contemporary Right and whose legacy continues to influence the GOP.”
His other book, "In Search of Another Country: Mississippi and the Conservative Counterrevolution" (Princeton, 2007), won the 2008 Lillian Smith Book Award by the Southern Regional Council, the McLemore Prize for the Best Mississippi History Book, and the nonfiction prize given by the Mississippi Institute of Arts and Letters. He also co-edited with Matthew Lassiter a book of essays titled "The Myth of Southern Exceptionalism" (Oxford, 2010).

</doc>
<doc id="36769400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769400" title="Chapel of St. John-by-the-Lake (Onekama, Michigan)">
Chapel of St. John-by-the-Lake (Onekama, Michigan)

The Chapel of St. John-by-the-Lake on Main Street (M-22) in Onekama, Michigan, is a summer chapel of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the Episcopal Diocese of Western Michigan. A 9 a.m. Study service is conducted during the summer months by a members of the clergy in the diocese who utilize a nearby cottage for a vacation period on a rotating basis. The chapel retains its original, century-old rustic interior and its original pine pews.
History.
The chapel was established by the Rev. Dr Francis J. Hall, who first came to Onekama as a summer resident in 1902, when he was Professor of Dogmatic Theology at Western Theological Seminary (later Seabury-Western Theological Seminary). By permission of the first bishop of Western Michigan, Hall first conducted services in the study of his summer home. In 1911, Hall purchased from Marvin Farr. a waterfront lot along Onekama's Main Street. With $502.00 in donations, Hall engaged A.D. McCormick to construct the chapel according to Hall's own design and specifications. Completed in the summer of 1912, the total cost of construction, including the pews, came to $709.81. 
The chapel was consecrated on August 11, 1912, by the Rt. Rev. John N. McCormick, Bishop of Western Michigan with the assistance of Hall, the first priest-in-charge, who in the following year became Professor of Dogmatic Theology at the General Theological Seminary in New York City. He remained in charge until 1930.
The chapel as designated as a "chapel-at-ease" under the immediate jurisdiction of the Bishop of Western Michigan and managed by an executive committee that included Hall. In 1918, with the approval of the committee, Hall purchased nearby property on which to build a summer cottage to serve a two-fold purpose: first to provide a source of rental income for the benefit of the chapel and second, to provide a place that minimum-salaried clergy, who could not otherwise afford a vacation, could use and who, in return for the privilege conduct Sunday services. The cottage was built in 1924 and Hall conveyed it to the diocese free of all indebtedness. The present street address of the house is 8342 First Street, Onekama.
In 1984, the chapel obtained rights to an oil well under Portage Lake and this produced some income for several years, allowing for basic repairs and maintenance to take place. In 1986, a seawall was constructed to protect the small lot from lake erosion during high water. In 1991, a waterside deck was constructed, and replaced in 2012.
A member of the chapel, Thomas R. Bambas, professor emeritus of art at Central Michigan University has designed the beautiful metalwork in the chapel, including the cross over the altar, altar candlesticks, cruets, and a ciborium.
Leadership.
The following individuals have been priest-in-charge or the chairperson of the chapel committee:

</doc>
<doc id="36769418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769418" title="SM Lanang Premier">
SM Lanang Premier

SM Lanang Premier (generally referred to a just "SM Lanang" by residents) is an indoor four-story shopping mall in Lanang, Davao City, Philippines along Jose P. Laurel Avenue and within S.P Dakudao loop. The mall is owned by Henry Sy, Sr. and managed by SM Prime Holdings. Construction of the mall started in 2011. SM Lanang Premier opened to the public on September 28, 2012 on the site of the former Lanang Golf and Country Club.
The mall has a gross floor area of making it the largest shopping mall in Mindanao. The mall has 273 stores along with several restaurants. The mall has SM Store and SM Supermarket as anchor stores. It featured 6 cinemas, an IMAX Theater, SMX Convention Center, SM Science Discovery Center, a bowling center, an Al fresco dining situated along the fountain court, located at the back of the mall. SM Lanang Premier is the 4th largest taxpayer in Davao City along with SM City Davao.
Location.
SM Lanang Premier is SM Prime Holdings' fourth mall in Mindanao after SM City Davao, SM City Cagayan de Oro and SM City General Santos. It is located on the site of the previous Lanang Golf and Country Club in Lanang, Davao City. It is 2.5 kilometers away from Francisco Bangoy International Airport and 4 kilometers away from Port of Davao. The mall is bordered by S.P Dakudao loop and Jose P. Laurel Avenue on its north. The mall is located near AH26 and R. Castillo Street which is being used as an access and exit point for vehicles. The mall is also near to Davao Museum.
Features.
Design.
The mall's exterior design is inspired by origami, the traditional Japanese art of paper folding. The abstract and asymmetric lines of the origami are introduced in the mall's the north, south and west facades.
Stores.
IMAX Theater, Forever 21, American Eagle Outfitters, SM Store, SM Supermarket, Watsons, Ace Hardware, Toy Kingdom, Our Home, and other major SM retail affiliates are some of the mall's anchor stores.
History.
Planning and construction.
SM Prime Holdings developed SM Lanang Premier, a Philippine-based shopping center management firm. SM Prime Holdings bought 10 hectares out of the 40 hectare property of Lanang Golf and Country Club from Dakudao and sons on 2008 for the mall. SM Prime Holdings saw potential in the northern sections of the city where upscale subdivisions are located. The mall was to be an SM City mall, a shopping mall with SM Store, SM Supermarket or SM Hypermarket and SM Cinemas together with retail shops and it was scheduled to open in 2011. It was planned that the mall would be bigger than SM City Davao, the first SM Mall in Mindanao. This original plan would have generated over 1,000 jobs. The mall was unofficially dubbed SM North Davao. Officers of SM Prime Holdings requested anonymity because they could not discuss project details. The mall project was planned to start in January 2010.
The start was moved to 2011, together with SM City General Santos, was scheduled to open in late 2012.
Tenant partners, retailers, food chains, service centers and merchants attended the tenant's preview of SM Lanang Premier on March 22, 2012. SM Prime Holdings announced the mall's name as SM Lanang Premier. Point Design, Inc. designed the mall. G&W Architects was Architect of Record; NGCB was General Contractor; D.A. Abcede and Associates was Project Manager; Edge its Cinema Designer; Abesamis-Guerrero was SMX Convention Center Designer, and HBO+EMTB was Cyberzone designer.
Opening.
8 days before it opened, SM Lanang Premier has 160 out of 273 stores occupied. The mall opened to the public on September 28, 2012. It has an operating hours from 10:00 am until 9:00 pm A sellout crowd filled the mall. Motorists and commuters got stuck in heavy traffic along Jose P. Laurel Avenue. At the time it opened, the mall's occupancy rate is 91%. Last March 2013, SM Lanang Premier hosted the M.I.C.E convention along with the annual Philippine Advertising Congress. It accommodated 5,000 people. As of August 2013, the mall's daily foot traffic has seen 20,000 people on weekdays and 40,000 on weekends.
Economic impact.
SM Lanang Premier serves as a major tourist attraction in Davao city and is the 4th largest taxpayer in the area, together with SM City Davao. As of 2013, it has an income tax return of ₱8 million. The mall employed 10,000 people in 2012. IBEX Global Solutions opened a Business process outsourcing within the mall last October 2013 with a gross floor area of which employed additional 700 people. As a result of SM Lanang Premier's very strong profit and Mindanao's growing economy, SM Prime Holdings will open 2 more malls in Mindanao area, one in Butuan City and a second mall in Cagayan de Oro City and MegaWorld Corporation is planning to open a residential building within the mall's vicinity, with an investment amounting to ₱15 billion. SM Lanang Premier together with SM City Davao accounts for 80% of total profit of SM Prime Holdings in Mindanao.
References.
__INDEX__
__NEWSECTIONLINK__

</doc>
<doc id="36769454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769454" title="YES (Lithuanian political party)">
YES (Lithuanian political party)

YES – Homeland Revival and Perspective () is a centre-right political party in Lithuania. The party was founded by Artūras Zuokas, the Mayor of Vilnius, in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36769464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769464" title="Top Model O Reality">
Top Model O Reality

Top Model, O Reality (or "Top Model, The Reality") is a Brazilian reality TV series, and the second Brazilian adaptation of Tyra Banks', "America's Next Top Model" after "Brazil's Next Top Model" which aired from 2007 to 2009, and had three cycles.
The former show was cancelled after series three, because Sony Entertainment Television did not renew the contract to adapt the original format of the show.
The new version of the show is hosted by Ana Hickmann and co-hosted by Ticiane Pinheiro during casting weeks. Cycle one began to air on September 2, 2012 and featured 24 semi-finalists.
Initially, the show was designed to be a part of Ana Hickmann's television show called "Tudo É Possivel", but was later made into an independent show. For this new version, the show was re-formatted in order to be more appealing to the Brazilian public. Casting became four episodes long, and the finale of the series was shot live. The models lived with Ana Hickmann in her house in Itu, Sao Paulo. Ana is not a judge at panel, and she only serves the role of a host. The judges that are present at panel for elimination change every week.

</doc>
<doc id="36769479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769479" title="Chi Sigma Iota">
Chi Sigma Iota

Chi Sigma Iota (CSI) is an international honor society for professional counselors.
Mission.
CSI’s stated mission is to “promote scholarship, research, professionalism, leadership, advocacy, and excellence in counseling, and to recognize high attainment in the pursuit of academic and clinical excellence in the profession of counseling.” Stated briefly, CSI's goal is “promoting excellence in the profession of counseling.”
History.
CSI was established on January 1, 1985 with the chartering of the Alpha Chapter at Ohio University. Dr. Thomas J. Sweeney, Professor Emeritus of Counselor Education at Ohio University, was the founding President and the association’s first Executive Director. Dr. Sweeney retired as Executive Director of CSI in May 2012. Dr. Jane Myers, Professor of Counselor Education at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro, is the current Executive Director.
In 1988, CSI negotiated with Rho Chi Sigma, the National Rehabilitation Counseling and Services Honor Society, to establish a single honor society for professional counselors. All chapters of Rho Chi Sigma were officially merged into CSI in March 1989.
Membership.
CSI’s membership includes both master’s and doctoral level graduate students enrolled in counseling programs, professional counselors, and counselor educators. The association’s bylaws state that membership is by invitation to students or graduates of an active chapter’s counselor education program. To be eligible for membership, students must complete at least one semester of full-time graduate coursework in a counselor education degree program, earn a grade point average of 3.5 or higher on a 4.0 system, and be recommended for membership by the chapter as promising for endorsement as a professional counselor whose ethical judgment and behavior will be exemplary. Faculty and alumni of a chapter may be inducted into CSI if they meet the G.P.A. requirement as graduates of a counselor education program and are endorsed by the chapter.
As of August 2012, CSI has more than 82,000 members who have been initiated into the Society. Each year, more than 14,000 people maintain active membership. The association includes 277 chapters located at college and university counselor education programs, most in the United States and one in the Philippines. New chapters of CSI may be established in counselor education training programs accredited by the Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs (CACREP) or the Council on Rehabilitation Education (CORE) as well as programs that can achieve CACREP or CORE accreditation within the next five years.
Leadership.
The Executive Council of CSI includes elected officers (President, President-Elect, Past President, Secretary, and Treasurer), two CSI Leadership Interns, and the Executive Director. Active members of the Society can volunteer to chair or serve on CSI Committees and Review Panels for grants and awards, all of which receive charges from the Executive Council. Members may also volunteer to serve on editorial review boards for the CSI Counselors' Bookshelf. Each chapter of CSI has a Chapter Faculty Advisor and chapter officers.
Publications.
CSI publishes the Exemplar, a quarterly magazine for members. In addition, selected books are endorsed for publication. Most recently, "Professional Counseling Excellence through Leadership and Advocacy" was selected for the 2012 Publication in Counselor Education and Supervision Award, given annually by the Association for Counselor Education and Supervision.
The Counselors' Bookshelf is an online compendium of reviews of professional books, fiction, movies and television shows, and music with implications for how counselors can use the various media for personal and professional development as well as helping interventions with clients.
Annual Meetings.
International meetings of CSI are held during the Annual Convention of the American Counseling Association. These events include a Business Meeting for representatives from every CSI chapter, a meeting of CSI’s Executive Council, a workshop on leadership, an awards ceremony, and opportunities for networking.
Institutional Affiliations.
CSI is a member of the Association of College Honor Societies. The Society is one of four professional partners of the American Counseling Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36769501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769501" title="Uganda Game and Fisheries Department">
Uganda Game and Fisheries Department

The Uganda Game and Fisheries Department was the lead wildlife conservation agency of the Uganda Protectorate. It was merged into the Uganda Wildlife Authority in 1996.
Wardens.
The Director of the Department was originally the Warden and later Chief Warden. Charles Pitman held the post from 1924 until he was replaced in 1951 by Bruce Kinloch.

</doc>
<doc id="36769502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769502" title="The Citadel Bulldogs football, 2000–09">
The Citadel Bulldogs football, 2000–09

The Citadel Bulldogs football teams represented The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in Charleston, South Carolina, United States. The program was established in 1905. Their primary rivals are Furman University and Virginia Military Institute (VMI). The games against VMI are known as the Military Classic of the South, in reference to the two schools being the only remaining all-military colleges in the South.
__NOTOC__
2001.
The Bulldogs game against Western Carolina was rescheduled from September 15 to November 17 due to the September 11, 2001 attacks.
2004.
The Bulldogs first game of the season, against Charleston Southern was cancelled due to Hurricane Gaston.

</doc>
<doc id="36769508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769508" title="Tony Underhill">
Tony Underhill

Anthony Barton (Tony) Underhill was an Australian artist born in Sydney in 1923.
Underhill joined the Australian Army in 1941. During this time he met William Dobell who taught him art and he completed his training with Dobell at the Sydney Technical College from 1945-46. He was a semi-official War Artist in New Guinea and North Australia from 1942-43. He had his first solo show in Melbourne in 1947, then moved to England the following year. He taught at Hornsey and Guildford Colleges of Art and became head of post-graduate painting at Birmingham Polytechnic. His works are held by the Art Gallery of New South Wales.
Underhill died in London on 24 May 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="36769509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769509" title="Eyak, Alaska">
Eyak, Alaska

Eyak is an Unincorporated community in Valdez-Cordova Census Area, Alaska, United States. As of 2010 the population was 168.

</doc>
<doc id="36769532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769532" title="De Fuik (restaurant)">
De Fuik (restaurant)

__NOTOC__
De Fuik is a restaurant located in Aalst in the Netherlands. It is a fine dining restaurant that was awarded one Michelin star in the period 2008-2011.
GaultMillau did not award the restaurant any points, but retained it in its Guide. The restaurant has lost its rating due to the new owner/head chef coming in.
Owner and head chef of "De Fuik" is Marco Poldervaart. Head chefs in the period of the Michelin star were Ton Verhaar (2008-2009) and Ralph Drost (2009-2011).
The restaurant is located in a modern building on the banks of the river Oude Maas. Marco and Inez Poldervaart bought the restaurant in June 2011. Sellers were Wim and Odilia Brundel, who had owned the restaurant for 31 years.
"De Fuik" is a member of Alliance Gastronomique Néerlandaise since 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36769568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769568" title="Archery at the 1983 Pan American Games">
Archery at the 1983 Pan American Games

Archery at the 1983 Pan American Games was held in August 1993. The events took place at a temporary site at in c, Caracas, Venezuela. Just like in the Olympics, the archery competition will be held using the recurve bow.

</doc>
<doc id="36769569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769569" title="List of historic places in Yukon">
List of historic places in Yukon

This article is a list of historic places in the territory of Yukon entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.

</doc>
<doc id="36769614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769614" title="Anoplocephala perfoliata">
Anoplocephala perfoliata

Anoplocephala perfoliata is the most common intestinal tapeworm of horses, and an agent responsible for some cases of equine colic.

</doc>
<doc id="36769664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769664" title="Junmar Fajardo">
Junmar Fajardo

June Mar Fajardo (born November 27, 1989) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). He played center for the University of Cebu and for the San Miguel Beermen in the ASEAN Basketball League (ABL) before being selected as the first overall in the 2012 PBA Draft by Petron Blaze. During his rookie season, he earned a silver medal playing Men's basketball at the 2013 FIBA Asia Championship for Team Philippines. He was also selected to the All-Rookie Team and Second Mythical Team.
International career.
Fajardo was chosen to be part of the Smart Gilas 2.0 team, later known as Gilas Pilipinas, that would be build to compete for the 2014 World Championships. After months of training that includes trips and scrimmages to Lithuania and New Zealand, Fajardo was included in the final 12-man lineup that would compete in the 2013 FIBA Asia Championship, the qualifier for the 2014 World Championships. In his first game in international competition, Fajardo scored 2 points, grabbed 2 rebounds, and was called for 4 personal fouls in less than 9 minutes of action against Saudi Arabia. He then only scored a total of 1 point in his next 6 games. Ultimately, Gilas Pilipinas finished with a silver medal and automatically qualify for next year's World Championships.
"Correct as of 11 August 2013."
Professional career.
Rookie Year.
Petron Blaze Boosters.
He made his debut against the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters.
Fajardo struggled in the first two conferences in his rookie year. However, in the semi finals of the third conference. Fajardo carried his team against Rain or Shine, scoring a career 26 points in Game 2, outplaying the veteran big men of Rain or Shine's Beau Belga and JR Quiñahan. They eventually won the best of 5 series in 3-1.
Fajardo's Petron faces the San Mig Super Coffee Mixers on the 2013 PBA Governors' Cup Finals this is where Fajardo was now known as the most dominant big man to play in the PBA since Asi Taulava. Fajardo dominated every big men of the San Mig Coffe Mixers. Outplaying Marc Pingris, Rafi Reavis and Yancy De Ocampo. In one game, Fajardo scored 23 points and grabbed a career high 26 rebounds. This was the first time a player in the PBA achieved a 20-20 game since Asi Taulava and Eric Menk. However, he's team fell short and San Mig Coffee Mixers eventually won in Game 7.
He finished the 2013 PBA Governors' Cup Finals with an average of 18.75 points and 14.50 rebounds.
Sophomore Year.
Petron Blaze Boosters / San Miguel Beermen.
As expected by many, Fajardo continued his dominance under the paint, averaging double-figures all throughout the 2013-14 PBA Philippine Cup conference. He's putting together norms of 15.1 points, 15.5 rebounds, 1.5 assists and 2.5 blocks in the first 11 games with the Blaze Boosters.
With his monstrous efforts, Boosters were able to enter the quarterfinals, facing off Barako Bull Energy. However, when they entered the semifinals, despite his Kraken-like efforts, the team was outplayed by Rain or Shine Elasto Painters led by Extra Rice Inc. tandem Beau Belga and JR Quiñahan, where they lost the series in 5 games (4-1). Despite of this, he was still awarded as the Best Player of the Conference.
The following conference was followed by disappointment as the Beermen fell short in the quarter finals after losing to Air 21 despite having a twice-to-beat advantage in the series. 
In the Third conference, Fajardo was a man on a mission. He normed 20 and 15 the entire conference. On June 3, 2014 Fajardo scored 26 points and grabbed 27 rebounds marking his 3rd career 20-20 game, his 27 rebounds were 2 shy of a PBA Record. He finshed the conference with averages of 21.2 points, 15.9 rebounds and 1.4 blocks despite losing to San Mig Super Coffee Mixers in the quarterfinals.
PBA career statistics.
"Correct as of June 17, 2014"

</doc>
<doc id="36769666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769666" title="Ramon Azeez">
Ramon Azeez

Ramon Olamilekan Azeez (born 12 December 1992) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for UD Almería in Spain, as a central midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Abuja, Azeez began playing football in the Future Pro Academy. In 2010 he agreed a move to UD Almería in Spain, but had to wait until July 2011 to complete the transfer.
On 17 August 2012, after one full season with the B-side in Segunda División B, Azeez made his debut with the first team: he came on as a substitute for Javier Casquero in the 55th minute of an away fixture against FC Barcelona B for the Segunda División championship (5–4 win), but was himself replaced after just ten minutes after being booked and, according to manager Javi Gracia, risking a subsequent sending off.
On 28 June 2013 Azeez was definitely promoted to the Andalusians' main squad, with the club having just recently promoted to La Liga. He made his debut in the competition on 30 August, playing roughly 20 minutes in a 2–2 home draw against Elche CF.
On 21 December 2013 Azeez scored his first professional goal, netting the game's only in a win at Real Betis. He repeated the feat in the second meeting between the two teams, scoring in the 94th minute for a 3–2 triumph at the "Estadio de los Juegos Mediterráneos".
International career.
Azeez appeared with the under-17's in 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup, and was a regular in the team which eventually finished runner-up. Two years later he appeared in another World Cup in the category, also as a starter.
On 3 February 2014 Azeez was called up to the full side for a friendly against Mexico. He made his debut on 5 March, playing the entire second-half in a 0–0 draw at Georgia Dome. 
On 6 May 2014, Azeez was named in the provisional 30-man squad ahead of the 2014 FIFA World Cup. He was included in Stephen Keshi's final list for the tournament, and made his debut on 16 June by starting in a 0–0 draw against Iran.

</doc>
<doc id="36769669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769669" title="Taramani railway station">
Taramani railway station

Taramani is a railway station on the Chennai MRTS in Chennai, India. Located off MGR Main Road in Taramani, it exclusively serves the Chennai MRTS.
History.
Taramani station station was opened on 19 November 2007, as part of the second phase of the Chennai MRTS network.
Structure.
The length of the platform is 280 m. The station premises includes 9,080 sq m of open parking area.
Service and connections.
Taramani station is the fifteenth station on the MRTS line to Velachery. In the return direction from Velachery, it is currently the third station towards Chennai Beach station A 3.4 km-long, 18 m-wide access road to Perungudi station and Taramani station is being constructed along the MRTS line from Velachery to Taramani.

</doc>
<doc id="36769689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769689" title="List of historic places in the Northwest Territories">
List of historic places in the Northwest Territories

This article is a list of historic places in the Northwest Territories entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal.

</doc>
<doc id="36769717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769717" title="Monkey Island, Oklahoma">
Monkey Island, Oklahoma

Monkey Island is a peninsula on the northern shore of Grand Lake o' the Cherokees, located southwest of Grove, Oklahoma. It is long from north to south and State Highway 125 runs through the peninsula to its southern end.

</doc>
<doc id="36769727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769727" title="Perungudi railway station">
Perungudi railway station

Perungudi is a railway station on the Chennai MRTS. It serves the neighbourhood of Perungudi, including localities such as Indira Nagar, Park Avenue and Tansi Nagar.
History.
Perungudi station was opened on 19 November 2007, as part of the second phase of the Chennai MRTS network.
Structure.
The length of the platform is 280 m. The station premises includes 8,080 sq m of open parking area.
A two-wheeler parking lot was created at the station in 2011, where about 150 to 200 two-wheelers and bicycles are parked every day.
Service and connections.
Taramani station is the sixteenth station on the MRTS line to Velachery. In the return direction from Velachery, it is currently the second station towards Chennai Beach station A 3.4 km-long, 18 m-wide access road to Perungudi station and Taramani station is being constructed along the MRTS line from Velachery to Taramani.

</doc>
<doc id="36769745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769745" title="HSBC Building, Shanghai (disambiguation)">
HSBC Building, Shanghai (disambiguation)

HSBC Building, Shanghai is a historic building on the Bund in Shanghai.
Other buildings which housed or house the operations of HSBC in Shanghai may also be referred to as the "HSBC Building", such as:

</doc>
<doc id="36769815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769815" title="Masilamaniswara Temple, Thiruvaduthurai">
Masilamaniswara Temple, Thiruvaduthurai

Masilamaniswara Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Hindu god Shiva, located in the village Thiruvaduthurai, located 22 km from the South Indian town, Kumbakonam and 14 km from Mayiladuthurai, Tamil Nadu. The temple is reverred in the verses of "Tevaram", the 7th century Tamil Saiva canon by Tirugnana Sambandar, Appar and Sundarar.
Legend.
Legend associates the temple with the saivite saint Tirumular (6th century CE). Tirumular saw a herd of cows lamenting the death of their herdsmen. Being a "siddha", he entered into the body of dead herdsman, came back alive to serve as the herdsman and sung 3000 verses in praise of Shiva. The legend is closely associated with this temple, but is also associated with other temples like Thenupuriswarar Temple at Patteswaram, Aavoor Pasupatheeswaram and Tirukogarnam near Pudukkottai.
The Temple.
The temple is located 12km away from Mayiladuthurai and 24 km away from Kumbakonam. The temple has a five tiered "Rajagopuram" with elevated stone walls separating the second, third and fourth precinct. The images of the presiding deity, Masilamaniswarar, in the form of Shiva lingam occupies the main sanctum facing east. The shrine of the consort of Masilamaniswarar, Oppilamulaiyar faces west. The third "prakaram" has a separate shrine for the saivite saint Tirumular. The temple has three water bodies located at various places inside the temple. The Thiruvaduthurai Adheenam is located in the premises outside the fourth precinct.
Literary references.
The temple is revered in the verses of "Tevaram", the 7th century Saivite canonical work by the three saint poets namely, Appar, Campantar and Cuntarar. The temple is reverred by Campantar in the third "Tirumurai" in one verse, Appar in five and Sundarar in 2 verses.
translating to

</doc>
<doc id="36769869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769869" title="List of historic places in Newfoundland and Labrador">
List of historic places in Newfoundland and Labrador

This is a list of historic places in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador entered on the Canadian Register of Historic Places, whether they are federal, provincial, or municipal. For reasons of length, the list has been divided as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="36769890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769890" title="Walter Lienert">
Walter Lienert

Walter "Lefty" Lienert (January 10, 1925 – July 1, 2012) was an American gymnastics coach and judge. He was inducted into the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="36769938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769938" title="Apology (horse)">
Apology (horse)

Apology (1871–1888) was a British Thoroughbred racemare who was the third winner of the Fillies' Triple Crown, winning the Epsom Oaks, 1,000 Guineas Stakes and St. Leger Stakes in 1874. Apology was bred and owned by the Reverend John William King, the vicar of Ashby de la Launde, whose ownership of the mare caused a minor scandal in the Church after Apology won the St. Leger Stakes. King ultimately had to resign his clerical appointments due to the scandal and died shortly thereafter of a chronic illness. Apology raced until she was five years old, winning the Ascot Gold Cup in 1876. She was retired from racing at the end of 1876 to become a broodmare initially for the widow of John King, and then for Clare Vyner. Apology was euthanised in 1888 after an extended illness.
Background.
Apology was bred by the Reverend John William King, who owned her during her racing career. King was the vicar of Ashby de la Launde and had inherited his father Colonel Neville King's Thoroughbred stud and racing stables at the death of his elder brother. Rev. King lived at Ashby Hall in Lincolnshire and raced his horses under the "nom de course" "Mr. Launde" from 1861 until his death in 1875. 
Apology's sire, Adventurer, was a good runner over long distances, winning the City and Suburban Handicap and Ascot Gold Vase as a four-year-old. Adventurer also sired the Classic winners Pretender and Wheel of Fortune. Apology's dam, Mandragora, was bred by W. H. Brook in 1860 and was sired by the Ascot Gold Cup and Doncaster Cup winner Rataplan. Mandragora was the first foal produced by Manganese and was a full sister to the mare Mineral, the dam of the St. Leger winner Wenlock and Derby winner Kisber. Mandragora was a small chestnut mare and was not a successful racehorse at two or three years old. Her racing prowess deemed "not good enough to win a bridle at a fair", she was retired from racing to become a broodmare at Ashgill. Apology was Mandragora's sixth foal and one of four sired by Adventurer. Apology's full sister Agility was a successful racehorse, winning the York Cup twice and the Park Hill Stakes. Another unraced full sister, Analogy, was exported to France and became the dam of the good French long-distance runner Elf. Apology's half-siblings include the good colt Mandrake.
Apology was described by "The Times" as "a fine looking, powerful chestnut filly, and though a little hollow backed, has very muscular hind quarters, which made her appear somewhat short of work." Her name, "Apology", may have been a tongue in cheek reference to Reverend King's involvement with the turf despite being a member of the clergy, as he did also name his 1875 Derby contender, "Holy Friar".
Racing career.
Apology was trained at Ashgill stables near Middleham in Yorkshire by the Osborne brothers: William, Robert and John. Apology was the third filly, after Formosa and Hannah, to win the Epsom Oaks, St. Leger Stakes and 1,000 Guineas Stakes, a series of races now designated as the Fillies Triple Crown.
1873: two-year-old season.
At Goodwood on 29 July, Apology finished third to Lord Falmouth's colt Atlantic and Mr. Lefevre's colt Regal in the three quarters of a mile Ham Produce Stakes. A few weeks later at Stockton, Apology was beaten by the colt De Cambis in the £260 Lambton Plate. At York, Apology finished second to Mr. Merry's colt Sir William Wallace in the North of England Biennial Stakes. Apology finished second and last to the future Epsom Derby winner George Frederick by half a length in the Municipal Stakes run at Doncaster. In her final start of the year, Apology won the Home-bred Stakes at the Newmarket-Houghton Meeting, beating Lord Falmouth's Blanchefleur and Lord Ailesbury's Aventurière.
1874: three-year-old season.
Spring.
On 8 May, Apology ran in the 1,000 Guineas Stakes against a field of nine horses. The race favourites were Apology, La Coureuse, and Lady Bothwell. At the start of the race, the runners broke evenly and continued in a line for the first 200 yards, when La Coureuse took the lead at the Bushes-hill. Apology took the lead on the ascent up the Abingdon Mile Bottom, overtaking the leaders halfway up the hill and winning the race by a margin of three quarters of a length. The second place finisher La Coureuse and third place horse Blanchefleur were separated by the same distance.
Summer.
On 17 June, Apology won the Coronation Stakes, beating Blanchefleur. In July at Epsom, Apology won the Epsom Oaks against a field of 11 horses. The race was deemed "over" after Apology took the lead at the mile-post, beating Miss Toto and Lady Patricia while running at a canter. In August at the York meeting, Apology finished second by a head to the colt Trent in the Great Yorkshire Handicap after maintaining the lead throughout the race and carrying five extra pounds.
Autumn.
In the weeks before the St. Leger, the race had been built up as a match between the "north country mare" Apology and the south country contender George Frederick. On the morning of the running, George Frederick was withdrawn from competition due to injury. Rumours had also begun to circulate the day before the race that Apology had gone lame after a practice gallop and that her leg had been soaked the entire night in a bucket of cold water. Allegedly, John Osborne had sent John King a telegram about potentially withdrawing the mare from competition with King wiring back, "She must start, if it's only on three legs" due to the large sums of money the public had wagered on the mare. Another version of the tale holds that Osborne did not receive King's reply in time for the race and acted on his own judgement, deciding to run Apology after noting the filly's lameness had greatly improved overnight. After a false start, the 13 horses broke well from the starting line, with Boulet taking the lead until crossing the road that ran across the course. Leolinus and Atlantic closely followed Boulet until Atlantic broke a blood vessel at the mile post. Boulet ceded the lead to Apology (ridden by her trainer John Osborne) at the Red House, with Apology moving to the centre of the course flanked on the rail by Leolinus and on the outside by Trent. Apology won the St. Leger by a length and a half "amidst the greatest excitement ever witnessed on the Town Moor" in a time of three minutes and 16 seconds, setting a new race record.
Scandal.
After Apology's highly publicised win in the St. Leger, Christopher Wordsworth, the Bishop of Lincoln, learnt that "Mr. Launde" was actually a vicar within his authoritative oversight. Greatly displeased with a clergyman being actively involved in a profession that facilitated gambling, the Bishop wrote to Reverend King in October 1874 demanding that King either give up racing Thoroughbreds or resign his position with the Church. In his letter, the Bishop stated he would use all the powers at his disposal, including legal if necessary, to compel King to relinquish the trade:
At the time, the 82-year-old Reverend King was seriously ill due to a thigh bone fracture he had sustained some months previously and a condition described as "gout in the stomach". While King did tend to his racehorses personally, he had only been seen three times in his life on a racecourse, never wagered, and had largely retired from his clerical duties, instead employing a curate to do most of his parochial work. One of King's friends defended his actions by stating that the breeding of Thoroughbreds was all but expected of a man of property and the "Squire of Ashby". Reverend King agreed to relinquish his clerical position and wrote to the Bishop of Lincoln:
1875–1876: four and five-year-old seasons.
Reverend King died on 9 May 1875 shortly after resigning his clerical position. At King's death, all of Apology's racing engagements for 1875 were declared forfeit. Ownership of the filly was retained by King's widow, Annie Maria King, who raced the mare under the pseudonym "Mr. Seabrook". The pseudonym was derived from the name of King's friend and will executor Dr. W. H. Brook's son, C. Brook being responsible for managing King's stable. Apology did not recover her three-year-old form, finishing fourth in the Goodwood Cup and fifth in the Great Ebor Handicap Stakes at the York August meeting. During the remainder of the year, Apology was fourth in the Doncaster Cup, fifth in the Cesarwitch Stakes and second in the Jockey Club Cup. As a five-year-old in 1876, Apology was unplaced in the Ebor Handicap and won three races: the Queen's Plate at Manchester, the Ascot Gold Cup and the Newcastle Queen's Plate. In the Gold Cup, Apology won "without much effort" from the 1875 St Leger winner Craig Millar. Apology injured her leg before the Goodwood meeting and was retired from racing.
Breeding career.
Apology was retired in 1876 and initially was retained as a broodmare by King's widow. In September 1880, Apology was sold to Clare Vyner for 3,200 guineas and relocated to his Fairfield Stud. Apology became ill during the later part of 1887 and was ultimately euthanised in April 1888 after foaling a filly sired by The Lambkin. Her veterinarian, Mr. Snarry, described finding small, wart-like growths covering most of her organs.
Full progeny list.
Apology produced five colts and three fillies between 1878 and her death in 1888. While Apology did not produce offspring as good at racing as she was, her colts, Esterling and Aperse, were successful on the turf.

</doc>
<doc id="36769941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769941" title="Niles Littlebig">
Niles Littlebig

Niles Littlebig is an album by Randy Weston's African Rhythms recorded in 1969 in Paris and originally released on the French Polydor label. 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Randy Weston except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36769947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769947" title="Rakesh Pandey">
Rakesh Pandey

Rakesh Pandey (born 1940) is an Indian actor in Hindi and Bhojpuri movies. He played roles in several TV serials such as Dadaji (Grandfather) of "Chotti Bahu" and Ramesh Shrivastav of "Dehleez". He is an alumnus of the Indian Film and Television Institute, Pune.
Early life.
He belongs to Himachal Pradesh. In 1966 after he left the Indian Film and Television Institute, he joined the IPTA. He is also a graduate of the Bhartendu Academy of Dramatic Arts.
His film debut was in 1969 in "Sara Akash", which was based on the novel by Rajendra Yadav, and directed by Basu Chatterjee.
As a Bhojpuri actor, he received the fourth Bhojpuri Film Award for Lifetime Achievement. He also acted in first Bhojpuri TV serial "Sanchi Piritia".

</doc>
<doc id="36769949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769949" title="Óliver Torres">
Óliver Torres

Óliver Torres Muñoz (born 10 November 1994), known as simply Óliver, is a Spanish footballer who plays for F.C. Porto as a central or attacking midfielder.
Club career.
Born in Navalmoral de la Mata, Cáceres, Extremadura, Óliver joined Atlético Madrid during the summer of 2008, aged 13. He spent four years progressing through the youth ranks, before being introduced to the first team by manager Diego Simeone.
In late April 2012, despite not yet having featured for the club's reserve side, Óliver was called up to the main squad for a La Liga game against Real Betis. In the early hours of 20 August, in the 2012–13 season opener he made his professional debut, coming on as a substitute for Adrián López in the 64th minute of a 1–1 away draw against Levante UD.
Óliver made his first appearance in the UEFA Champions League on 1 October 2013 at the age of 18 years and 10 months, replacing injured Raúl García for the last 12 minutes of a 2–1 win at F.C. Porto for the group stage – in the process, he became the "Colchoneros"' fourth-youngest player to do so. On the 27th he scored his first official goal with the main squad, netting after twelve seconds in an eventual 5–0 home routing of Betis.
On 31 January 2014, Atlético loaned Óliver to fellow top-divisioner Villarreal CF until the end of the campaign, his opportunities disadvantaged by the club's acquisition of Diego. He said of the deal: "I will try to learn as much as I can in this period and continue growing as a footballer and person". He made his debut on 2 March, playing the second half of the 1–1 home draw against Betis, and started for the first time with his new team six days later, in a 0–2 loss at Granada CF.

</doc>
<doc id="36769950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769950" title="Akkar plain foothills">
Akkar plain foothills

The Akkar plain foothills are the location of several surface archaeological sites found between Halba and Adbe in the Akkar District of North Governorate in Lebanon.
The sites were found in neogene conglomerates above the contour on Louis Dubertret's geological map and mentioned by R. Wetzel and J. Haller in 1945. The materials found were described as ""Gros bifaces"" along with other roughouts. The tools were originally classified as Chelleo-Acheullean however Lorraine Copeland suggested them reclassified as a Heavy Neolithic assemblage of the Qaraoun culture in light of more modern research.

</doc>
<doc id="36769992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36769992" title="Solomon Isaakovich Pekar">
Solomon Isaakovich Pekar

Solomon Isaakovich Pekar (March 16, 1917 - July 8, 1985), a Soviet theoretical physicist of Jewish origin, born in Kiev (Ukraine). He is a full Member of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences and is known for his fundamental contributions to condensed matter physics.
Career.
In 1946, Pekar developed a concept of a polaron and introduced this term.  The model developed in this paper is macroscopic and based on electrostatic coupling of an electron to polar optical phonons. This coupling results in dressing of the electron by a cloud of virtual phonons and renormalization of its energy spectrum. In the strong coupling limit, polaron binding energy was found by Pekar, and its effective mass is described by the Landau-Pekar formula. The concept of a polaron as a quasi-particle and a charge carrier became an essential generalization of the initial Landau idea of the self-trapping of electrons into localized states due to strong coupling to phonons. Pekar’s macroscopic model of polaron became a field theory without singularities, and was afterwards applied to weak and intermediate electron-phonon coupling. Further generalizations included coupling of electrons to acoustic phonons and magnons, excitonic polarons, polarons in low-dimensional systems, and bipolarons. Methods of polaron theory were applied to the theory of optical spectra of impurity centers where the distribution of the intensities of phonon satellites is known as Pekarian. Concept of polarons and bipolarons penetrated also the field of superconductivity, especially as applied to the phase transition between the BCS (Bardeen, Cooper, Schrieffer) and Bose-Einstein phases.
In his 1957 paper, Pekar advanced a theory of electromagnetic waves near exciton resonances currently known as polaritons. He predicted existence of new (additional, or Pekar) light waves due to a small effective mass of electronic excitons. Small mass translates into a large curvature of the polariton spectrum and additional roots for the momentum at a given wave frequency. Inclusion of the additional waves into the classical crystal optics requires additional boundary conditions onto the mechanical and electromagnetic components of polaritons. These waves were observed experimentally and certified as a discovery.  A phenomenological theory of additional waves has been developed in the framework of the crystal optics with spatial dispersion.
After WWII Pekar established a Chair in theoretical physics in the T. G. Shevchenko Kiev University and undergraduate and graduate programs in this field. In 1960, together with V. E. Lashkaryov, Pekar established in Kiev the Institute of Semiconductor Physics of the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences. This Academy awards the Pekar Prize in theoretical physics.

</doc>
<doc id="36770043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770043" title="Streap">
Streap

Streap is a mountain in Lochaber, Highland, Scotland. It lies on a long ridge that separates Glen Finnan from Gleann Dubh Lighe, about 5 km north-east of the town of Glenfinnan.

</doc>
<doc id="36770054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770054" title="San Nicola alla Carità, Naples">
San Nicola alla Carità, Naples

The church of St. Nicholas the Charitable (it: Chiesa di San Nicola alla Carità) is a church located on via Toledo, almost midway between Piazza Carità and Piazza Dante in Naples, Italy.
History.
The church was founded in 1647, thanks to a donation of about 6000 ducats to the Pious Workers by a nobleman of the time, as a reward for their welfare work. The building of the church, designed by Antonio Gisolfi Onofrio, was interrupted by the plague that struck the city in 1656, and was completed in 1682 by Cosimo Fanzago, who worked under the patronage of Cardinal Diego Innico Caracciolo di Martina. The church underwent various reconstructions. In eighteenth century the facade was rebuilt by Salvatore Gandolfo, following designs of Francesco Solimena. During the ten years of French occupation, the church was deconsecrated and it housed a Corps of Engineers. In 1843 the structure was restored by Guglielmo Turi.
The Church houses the bodies of the Neapolitan painter, Bernardo Cavallino, and father Antonio Torres, who, with the order of Piarists, distinguished themselves in service to the ill from the plague of 1656. All members of the Order of the Pious Workers died from contact with the infected, except four monks, including Father Antonio. Each year during the Christmas period, visitors can see the Presepes, belonging to the church, in a room under the building.
The interior.
The layout is a Latin cross, with three aisles, and side chapels. The nave has a series of frescoes (1696) by Francesco Solimena, depicting in the lunettes the life of "St. Nicholas", "Virtue" and the "Apostles". He also painted a "Sermon of St. Paul and St. John the Baptist" (1697). Paolo De Matteis painted a "San Nicola expels Demons from a Tree" (1712), which adorns the entrance of the church, and "Death of St. Nicholas" (1707), which sits behind the altar. The high altar made from polychrome marbles, arranged in 1743 by Antonio Troccola and designed by Mario Gioffredo. The dome was frescoed by Francesco De Mura.
Chapels.
Contains three works of Paolo De Maio: an altarpiece depicting the "Marriage of the Virgin and Saint Joseph","St Charles Borromeo", and "Sant'Andrea d'Avellino" ("St. Andrew of Avellino").
It is the oldest (1646) in the church, and dedicated to St. Nicholas of Bari. It contains a 17th-century altarpiece, "St Nicholas of Bari, Bishop of Myra", a cycle of frescoes by Nicola Maria Rossi depicting the "Eternal Father", three paintings on the "Miracles of St. Nicholas" by Francesco De Mura and Rossi; and frescoes on dome (1729) by De Mura.
Dedicated to the guardian angel, depicted in the altarpiece of Giovan Battista Lama (a pupil of Giordano), the chapel hosts two paintings by Peter Bardellino:" St. Francis of Paola " and" Apollonia".
On the altar is "Trinity" by Nicola Maria Rossi, while side walls have two paintings by Giacinto Diano (pupil of De Mura) depicting the "Departure" and "Arrival of Tobias". This chapel also houses the seventeenth-century bust of Carlo Carafa and his wax death mask.
The chapel is called "the crucifix" because it houses a wooden cross, by Nicola Fumo, from the end of the seventeenth century. There are two paintings on the side walls by Leonardo Pozzolano (pupil of Solimena), depicting "Santa Maria Maddalena" and "San Giovanni Evangelista".
The chapel, originally dedicated to St. Michael. The altarpiece, by De Mura, was rededicated to Saint Liborio in 1773. The two side canvasses, also by De Mura depict "St. Michael Archangel" and "Archangel Raphael".
A cycle of frescoes by D'Alessio Elia decorates the transept. The canvas on the left side of the altar, by Solimena, depicts the "Virgin between St. Peter and Paul" (1684). The "Visitation of the Blessed Virgin to Saint Elizabeth" on the door of the sacristy is by De Mura, as well as the " Adoration of Shepherds" placed on the right side of the transept.

</doc>
<doc id="36770058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770058" title="List of historic places in Prince Edward Island">
List of historic places in Prince Edward Island

The list of historic places in the province of Prince Edward Island contains heritage sites listed on the Canadian Register of Historic Places (CRHP), all of which are designated as historic places either locally, provincially, federally or by more than one level of government. 
The list has been divided by county and city boundaries for reasons of length. See separate lists for the following geographic divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="36770067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770067" title="Shaun Ata">
Shaun Ata

Shaun Ata is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally in Australia and England.
Playing career.
Ata played for the Hibiscus Coast Raiders in the Bartercard Cup. In 2004 he joined the Penrith Panthers. Although he did not play first grade he did play in the 2004 World Sevens. 
In 2006 he played for the London Skolars. He later returned to New Zealand, playing for Harbour League in the Bartercard Cup and representing New Zealand Māori in their tour of the Cook Islands.
Ata then returned to playing for the Hibiscus Coast Raiders. He was their player of the year in 2011 and played at fullback in the 2012 Grand Final victory.

</doc>
<doc id="36770080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770080" title="Santa Maria in Portico, Naples">
Santa Maria in Portico, Naples

Chiesa di Santa Maria in Portico is a late-baroque church in the city center of Naples placed at the end of its omonymous street, just off the seaside promenade of the Riviera di Chiaia.
While the original architect was Nicola Longo in 1632; the facade was completed by Arcangelo Guglielmelli in a pell-mell concoction of Mannerist and Baroque styles, utilizing columns and pilasters of varying sizes, volutes, and even obelisks with typical Neapolitan appeal to color differences. 
Among the wealth of interior artwork are frescoes by Giovanni Battista Benaschi and interior architectural sculpture by Domenico Antonio Vaccaro. In addition, there is an "Annunciation" by Fabrizio Santafede and an "Assumption" by Paolo de Matteis.

</doc>
<doc id="36770122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770122" title="Shanxi Xing Rui Flame">
Shanxi Xing Rui Flame

Shanxi Xing Rui Flame is a professional women's basketball club, located in Shanxi, China. The club became notable internationally when WNBA star Maya Moore announced that she would be playing for the team beginning in the 2012-2013 season. The team is coached by Lucas Mondelo of Spain. The team won the 2012-2013 WCBA championship.

</doc>
<doc id="36770150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770150" title="California Historical Landmarks in San Benito County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in San Benito County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within San Benito County, Northern California. 

</doc>
<doc id="36770157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770157" title="Matt LaFleur">
Matt LaFleur

Matt LaFleur is the quarterbacks coach for the University of Notre Dame. He was hired to the position in January 2014.
Playing career.
LaFleur attended Western Michigan University from 1998-1999 where he played wide receiver before transferring in 2000 to Saginaw Valley State, where he played quarterback from 2000-2002. LaFleur briefly played in the National Indoor Football League with the Omaha Beef before beginning his coaching career.
Coaching career.
LaFleur's coaching career began at his alma mater, Saginaw Valley State, in 2003 where he served as an offensive graduate assistant. He proceeded to Central Michigan University where, from 2004-2005, he assisted the offensive staff. In 2006, he coached quarterbacks and receivers at Northern Michigan University. 2007 was his last year at the collegiate level; he was the offensive coordinator at Ashland University. LaFleur then was hired in 2008 by the Houston Texans to serve as an offensive assistant. He assisted both wide receivers and quarterbacks during his two year stint there and developed a close relationship with coordinator Kyle Shanahan. When Shanahan's father Mike was hired by the Redskins, Kyle brought LaFleur to Washington to coach the quarterbacks. A primary responsibility of LaFleur's for the 2012 season will be to mentor rookie quarterbacks Robert Griffin III and Kirk Cousins, whom LaFleur was particularly fond of.

</doc>
<doc id="36770161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770161" title="An Le">
An Le

An Thanh Le, (Vietnamese: Lê Thành Ân), born 1954, previously served as the Consul General for the US in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, followed by Ms. Rena Bitter.
Born in Vietnam and was adopted by an American diplomat in France. Le moved with his adopted family back to the United States and settled in Virginia.
He holds a Master in Science in Electrical Engineering and a Master of Science in Engineering from George Washington University.
After graduate he worked at the United States Department of the Navy before becoming a diplomat in 1991.
Diplomatic career.
An Le began his diplomatic career at the Consulate General in China (Beijing 1991 to 1994) and moved to other postings in Asia and Europe:
He served as the Minister Counselor for Management in the U.S. Embassy in France from 2007 to 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36770176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770176" title="List of presidents of the American Library Association">
List of presidents of the American Library Association

The American Library Association, founded in 1876 and chartered in 1879, is the largest professional organization for librarians in the United States. The headquarters of the American Library Association is in Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="36770179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770179" title="Santa Croce e Purgatorio al Mercato, Naples">
Santa Croce e Purgatorio al Mercato, Naples

Santa Croce e Purgatorio al Mercato is a church in the center of the Piazza Mercato, in Naples, Italy.
A religious building has stood at this site since the 13th century when Conradin of Swabia was decapitated by orders of Charles I d'Anjou, on October 29, 1268. A column at the site read: "Asturis ungue leo pullum rapiens aquilinum hic deplumavit acephalumque dedit".
In 1786 it was reconstructed by Francesco Sicuro, and again in 1781, after a fire destroyed the piazza and church. The church was damaged by the earthquake in 1980, and has been closed since then. Originally the church held paintings by Luca Giordano, but these have been transferred to the Museo Civico di Castel Nuovo.

</doc>
<doc id="36770183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770183" title="Merremia tuberosa">
Merremia tuberosa

Merremia tuberosa, also known as Hawaiian wood rose, Spanish arborvine, Spanish woodbine, regretvine, or yellow morning-glory, is a vine native to Mexico. It is an invasive species in a number of islands in the Pacific and Indian Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="36770204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770204" title="Geno Biosphere Reserve">
Geno Biosphere Reserve

The Geno Biosphere Reserve, with a total area of 27,500 hectares, situated in the Hormozgan province of Iran. It has been designated as a protected area by the Iranian Department of Environment in 1976. 
Geno has mountains as high as 3,000 meters above sea level, and in light of this, has a unique climatic and biosphere conditions within the Persian gulf region. 
UNESCO reported about 40,300 people living within the boundaries of the biosphere reserve in 2000.
Beside a number of hot springs situated in the area, flora and fauna include:

</doc>
<doc id="36770205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770205" title="Tiger by the Tail (disambiguation)">
Tiger by the Tail (disambiguation)

Tiger by the Tail is a 1955 British crime film directed by John Gilling and starring Larry Parks, Constance Smith and Donald Stewart.
Tiger by the Tail may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36770206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770206" title="Golf at the Pan American Games">
Golf at the Pan American Games

Golf will become a part of the Pan American Games for the first time at the 2015 Games in Toronto, Canada. The Games will see an individual and a team event for each gender.

</doc>
<doc id="36770211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770211" title="Jackson Meadows Dam">
Jackson Meadows Dam

Jackson Meadows Dam (National ID # CA00254) is a dam in Nevada County, California.
The earthen dam was constructed in 1965 for flood control and irrigation water storage, with a height of 195 feet and a length of 1530 feet at its crest. It impounds the Middle Fork of the Yuba River as one of the ten facilities of the Nevada Irrigation District. The dam is part of the Yuba-Bear Hydroelectric Project.
The reservoir it creates, Jackson Meadows Reservoir, has a surface area of 1.5 square miles and normal capacity of 52,500 acre-feet. The site is surrounded by Tahoe National Forest. 

</doc>
<doc id="36770232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770232" title="Alexander Barankov">
Alexander Barankov

Alexander Nikolaevich Barankov (, also "Aliaksandr") is a Belarusian former policeman or army captain. Barankov made claims of corruption by Belarusian police, faces Belarusian charges of bribery and fraud, and was awarded political refugee status in Ecuador on the grounds of being persecuted in Belarus. Barankov was detained in Ecuador in 2010 and 2012 while Belarusian requests for his extradition were considered by the Ecuadorian National Court of Justice (CNJ). Both requests were rejected.
Career.
Prior to his exile in Ecuador starting in 2008 or July 2009, Alexander Barankov was a Belarusian policeman or army captain. He held a position of financial crimes investigator.
Points of view.
Barankov claims that while he was a policeman in Belarus, he found evidence of corruption in police agencies and commercial organisations. He attributes Belarusian court cases against him as a response to his claims. Barankov's claims were initially published in a blog. On 17 August 2012, Barankov said that he had "exposed a petroleum-smuggling ring involving senior officials of President Alexander Lukashenko's government, including relatives of the leader." He described his information as "explosive".
Legal proceedings.
In mid-2009, the State Security Committee of the Republic of Belarus (KGB) charged Barankov with the receipt of bribes and fraud. Barankov left Belarus in 2008, before the charges had been laid, according to "Time magazine", or in July 2009, after the two criminal cases had been filed, according to the United Democratic Forces of Belarus (UDF). Ecuadorean files related to the case state that Barankov allegedly "attempted to extort employees of Total Oil, demanding payments of up to $60,000 on at least eight occasions."
In November, he was accused by Belarusian authorities of treason.
Ecuador.
In 2010, Belarus applied for the extradition of Barankov from Ecuador, requesting preventive detention. Barankov was detained from 1 June 2010 to 22 July 2010 on the grounds of having overstayed his visa. Interpol described Barankov's 2010 arrest as an example of the "international success" of its operations.
The 2010 extradition request was rejected by the National Court of Justice (CNJ) president Carlos Ramírez on 28 October 2011, citing procedural irregularities and lack of guarantees that Barankov would not undergo treatment that was cruel, inhuman or degrading. The ruling left open the possibility that Belarus could apply again.
Barankov was detained again on 7 June 2012, several weeks before a visit by the Belarusian president Alexander Lukashenko on 28 June. A court hearing was held on 21 June. "Time" stated that Barankov was detained after Lukashenko's visit. Barankov's partner, Mabel Andrade, described the second detention as a serious violation of the right to asylum, and stated that Barankov risks the death penalty if extradited. Late in July, Barankov carried out a hunger strike in protest against his possible loss of refugee status and extradition. The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights considered a request for precautionary measures that would "prevent irreparable harm". On 23 August, prior to the CNJ's decision, the Ecuadorian Deputy Foreign Minister Marco Albuja stated, "Ecuador will put the emphasis on not extraditing a citizen whose life is at risk, from facing the death penalty or life in prison". Extradition would have required approval by Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa, who stated that if the CNJ allowed the extradition, then he could refuse the extradition "as a last resort." He stated, "We reject any attack on human rights (or) political persecution".
On 29 August 2012, the CNJ stated that Barankov's refugee status was justified and rejected the Belarusian extradition request.
Political asylum.
Barankov was given political refugee status in Ecuador on 23 July 2010 on the grounds of being persecuted in Belarus "for his discovery of corruption of President Alexander Lukashenko". Barankov's refugee status was confirmed by the CNJ on 29 August 2012 in response to a Belarusian request for his extradition. Barankov's political refugee status and possible extradition from Ecuador was compared by "The Guardian", "Time magazine" and Associated Press to that of Julian Assange, who was given political refugee status by Ecuador in August 2012 and, , faces extradition from the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="36770259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770259" title="Xu Fan">
Xu Fan

Xu Fan (born 16 August 1967) is a Chinese actress who has won an Asian Film Award. She married film director Feng Xiaogang in 1999 and has starred in a number of films and television series directed by her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="36770274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770274" title="Phillip Shead">
Phillip Shead

Phillip Shead is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally for Paris Saint-Germain and represented France.
Playing career.
Shead was a Northcote Tigers junior along with his brother, Artie. In 1992 he represented the New Zealand under-15 side. He went on to represent both Auckland and Taranaki alongside his brother. In 1996 he played in the Super League for Paris Saint-Germain.
He represented New Zealand Māori in three "tests" in 1999 and on a tour of France in 2003. On the French tour he played against his brother, who by then had gained French residency. While playing for the Villeneuve Leopards, Shead himself qualified for France and played at the 2004 Victory Cup.
In 2005, while playing for Mount Albert, he was part of a New Zealand Rugby League's President selection that played a pre-season trial match against the New Zealand Warriors.

</doc>
<doc id="36770276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770276" title="William Dunlop (principal)">
William Dunlop (principal)

William Dunlop (c.1654-1700) was a Covenanter, adventurer, and Principal of the University of Glasgow from 1690 to 1700. According to Howe (1859, 653), William Dunlop was the first Presbyterian minister in South Carolina.
Biography.
William Dunlop was a son of Alexander Dunlop (c.1620-c.1667), a Presbyterian minister at Paisley, Scotland, and Elizabeth Mure (c.1620-c.1667), daughter of William Mure of Glanderston. At some time before 1684 William Dunlop became a licentiate minister of the Church of Scotland. 
William grew up during the time of persecution of the Covenanters. His mother and father were imprisoned "for their constancy in the cause of the Covenant." As a young man William gained a position as tutor to the family of William Cochrane, Baron of Paisley and Ochiltree who was a Covenanter. In 1679, during the Westland Rising, William served as a courier for the Whigs who were attempting to negotiate with the leader of the Royal army. This rebellion was put down at the Battle of Bothwell Bridge. William Dunlop, along with Henry Erskine (Lord Cardross) and his half-brother John Erskine, Sir Robert Montgomery of Crevock, and Sir George Campbell of Cesnock were implicated, but not prosecuted, as participants in the uprising. 
In the early 1680s Anthony Ashley Cooper, 1st Earlof Shaftesbury was Lords Proprietor of the Province of Carolina. He was also sympathetic to the Protestant Non-Conformists and was promoting ships to take settlers to the Carolinas as a place of religious tolerance. In 1682 Lord Cardross, Campbell, and Sir John Cochrane (son of the afrementioned William Cochrane) negotiated the purchase of two counties south of Charles Town, South Carolina.
In July 1684 the "Carolina Merchant", captained by James Gibson, left the Firth of Clyde with 149 passengers, including: Cardross, Dunlop, Montgomery, 35 convicts (Covenanters who were being banished), settlers who were being transported as indentured servants, and some paying passengers. The ship arrived in Charles Town on 2 October 1684 with no lives lost. However, they arrive during an outbreak of malaria. Soon after arriving most of the immigrants became ill, including Cardross and Dunlop, and some died. In November, a smaller group of fifty-one sailed south to Port Royal and chose a site for Stuart Town. The towns location was about 1.5 miles south of present-day Beaufort at Spanish Point.
By March 1685, the town had been laid out and a number of homes were built. They formed a militia for protection and Dunlop served as a major and as the settlements Presbyterian minister. Having purchased the land from the English, the Scots were supposed to follow established guidelines of legal jurisdiction. However,the Scots began questionable trading relationships with the Native American Yamasee tribe. Together with the Yamasee, the Scots attacked a Spanish mission at Santa Catalina and captured 22 Timucuans to be used as slaves. The Governor, Robert Quary, investigated and ordered the arrest of Cardross. Cardross was too ill to travel, so Dunlop wrote Quary and apologized for their actions and said they would submit to majistrates appointed by the Governor.
On 17 August 1686 the Spanish attacked Stuart Town. It was either in retaliated for the attack on Santa Catalina or simply to contest the Scots presence on the coast. Three small ships with 100 soldiers surprised the settlers at Staurt Town. Most of the settlers, who were ill with fever, could put up no resistance and escaped into the forest. For three days the Spaniards plundered the town, killed livestock and burned the entire village to the ground. The Spaniards began to move towards Charles Town, burning English homes and plantations along the way when a hurricane hit. Two of the ships were destroyed, but the third returned to St. Augustine. Dunlop and some of the survivors retreated to Charles Town.
It is uncertain if William Dunlop returned to Scotland after the destruction of Stuart Town. However, it is recorded that in April 1687, William Dunlop was in the St. Helena Sound area, presumably to make another attempt to set up trade with the Native Americans. 
Upon his return to Scotland in 1690, after the Glorious Revolution and the overthrow of James VII of Scotland, William was appointed minister of Ochiltree. In December he was appointed Principal of the University of Glasgow, possibly through the influence of his brother-in-law and cousin William Carstares, an advisor to King William II of Scotland. Dunlop's achievements as Principal included increasing grants and other income from the King and the Scottish Parliament. He held this post until his death in 1700. 
At some point in the 1690s, William Dunlop had a role in exposing a plot against the authority of King William II of Scotland. On 31 Jan. 1693 Dunlop was appointed Historiographer Royal for Scotland. In the late 1690s, the Company in Scotland Trading to Africa and the Indies was formed to establish another colony, called Darien. Dunlop invested about £1,000 in the scheme and persuaded the University to invest a similar amount. He also committed the University to contribute to the heavy cost of rebuilding the Blackfriars Kirk, which had been destroyed by a lightning strike in 1670.
William Dunlop died on 8 March 1700.
Family.
William Dunlop married Sarah Carstares, a daughter of John Carstares, a Covenanter. Sarah's mother was a sister of William's mother. Two sons became professors: William Dunlop was a professor of church history at the University of Edinburgh, and Alexander Dunlop was a professor of Greek at the University of Glasgow.

</doc>
<doc id="36770281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770281" title="Hope Meets Foster">
Hope Meets Foster

Hope Meets Foster is an album by jazz pianist Elmo Hope and saxophonist Frank Foster recorded in 1955 for the Prestige label.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "nothing that innovative occurs but the music should please bop fans". 
Track listing.
"All compositions by Elmo Hope except as indicated"

</doc>
<doc id="36770332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770332" title="Elsternwick Leader">
Elsternwick Leader

The Elsternwick Leader was a weekly newspaper published from July 1887 until January 1902 in Elsternwick, Victoria, Australia. It was printed from the Leader office in Bay Street, Brighton.
History.
The Elsternwick Leader commenced on 16 July 1887. It was published every Saturday and initially consisted of 4 pages and cost one penny. 
The paper was published under many different names. It commenced under the name Elsternwick Leader and East Brighton, South Brighton, Cheltenham, Mentone, Mordialloc, Oakleigh, Sandringham, Balaclava & Caulfield Record. However, it was only published under this title for the one edition, 16 July 1887, before the name changed to Elsternwick Leader and Caulfield and Balaclava Guardian. This name only lasted for two editions, 23 July and 30 July 1887. Further name changes followed until the 18 February 1888 when the Caulfield and Elsternwick Leader became the enduring title until the paper ceased on 4 January 1902. 
The newspaper was initially published by R.Lemon and A.H. Richardson who also published many other newspapers including the Brighton Leader and Oakleigh Leader and District Record. The first issue of the Elsternwick Leader stated;
"Very rapid improvements have been made in this rising locality, and are still in progress. To keep pace with this progress the proprietor of this journal has decided to publish a localised edition of the Leader in Elsternwick. We can assure our patrons and numerous readers in Elsternwick that no matter affecting its development and well being will be overlooked by us." 
The newspaper was sold to T.M.Donaldson & Co. in February 188 , who continued to publish the newspaper until it ceased in 1902.
See also.
Australian newspapers

</doc>
<doc id="36770334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770334" title="Anonmodon (mammal)">
Anonmodon (mammal)

Anomodon is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.

</doc>
<doc id="36770341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770341" title="Anomodon (plant)">
Anomodon (plant)

Anomodon is a genus of moss in the family Thuidiaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="36770389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36770389" title="California Historical Landmarks in San Bernardino County, California">
California Historical Landmarks in San Bernardino County, California

List table of the properties and districts — listed on the California Historical Landmarks — within San Bernardino County, Southern California. 

</doc>
