<doc id="36720553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720553" title="Remember Me (video game)">
Remember Me (video game)

Remember Me is an action-adventure video game developed by Dontnod Entertainment and published by Capcom. It was released in June 2013 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. The game's plot focuses on Nilin, a memory hunter working for an underground resistance called the Errorists. When the game starts, she has been stripped of nearly all her memories by mega-corporation Memorize. With the help of a mysterious man named Edge, she goes on a quest to bring down Memorize and recover her lost memories.
"Remember Me" was developed as the debut project of Dontnod Entertainment, with one of the company's founding members, Jean-Max Moris, as its director. Part of his goal for the game was to create a thought-provoking story, and eventually settled on a female protagonist to help convey the story themes. Originally a PlayStation 3-exclusive titled "Adrift", it was cancelled in 2011, then later purchased by Capcom, and resurrected as a multiplatform game. The game received mixed to positive reviews upon release, with general praise going to the story concept, some of the gameplay elements and the general setting. Criticism was laid against aspects of the main narrative, the combat, and design choices that were considered detrimental to the game.
Gameplay.
"Remember Me" features platforming, exploration and melee combat. The game introduces the mechanic of 'memory remixing': entering and rearranging a target's memories to manipulate them. Players accomplish this by replaying a memory and modifying details to change the target's recollection of the outcome. Another key mechanic of gameplay is stealing memories from certain targets and using points called Remembranes to replay the memory in real-time: this is often needed to proceed through the game or avoid hazards otherwise hidden from the player. When the player is low on health, the screen will glitch until a sufficient amount of health is regained.
In terms of combat, the game allows players to create and customize their own move combos in the Combo Lab, which uses four families of fighting moves called Pressens that players can reorganize by creating chains, earned through gaining PMP (Procedural Mastering Power), with a limit of four combos being active at any one time. The four Pressen families are "Regen" (healing), "Power" (damage), "Chain" (duplication and doubling of previous moves) and "Cooldown" (regeneration of S-Pressen energy). The game's creative director, Jean-Max Moris has said that there are 50,000 possible Pressen combinations. The special moves, S-Pressens, are made available to the player through the course of the game: the moves enabling them to do things like stun groups of enemies, move at high speed and land more hits, or turn hostile robots into allies which then self-destruct. Players also have access to projectile-based weapons like the 'Spammer' and 'Junk bolt'.
Plot.
Setting.
The game is set in the year 2084, in a futuristic version of Paris called Neo-Paris. The Memorize corporation has invented a new brain implant called the Sensation Engine (Sensen), which enables roughly 99% of the population to upload and share their memories on the net, as well as remove unhappy or unpleasant memories. This gives Memorize an immense degree of control over the population and enables them to establish a surveillance state. This, in turn, leads to a small group of rebels forming under the name "Errorists": their mission is to bring down Memorize. The invention of the Sensen has also resulted in the creation of Leapers; memory-addicted humans who have absorbed so many memories that their Sensen has degraded and they have mutated into a subhuman form, now living in the sewers of Neo-Paris.
Story.
The game begins as Nilin (Kezia Burrows), an Errorist imprisoned in the Bastille Fortress, is having almost all her memory wiped by Memorize. As she is taken to have the last of her memories wiped, a mysterious man called Edge, leader of the Errorists and a man she only hears over her comm device, helps her escape. Edge tells her that she is an Errorist with the gift of both stealing and remixing memories. After escaping into the slums of Neo-Paris, Nilin encounters Tommy, a fellow Errorist. Suddenly, Nilin and Tommy are attacked by Olga Sedova, a bounty hunter chasing Nilin. Nilin dives into Olga's mind and remixes her memory to make Olga become an Errorist ally and she transports Nilin to her first destination.
Arriving in the Saint-Michel district, Nilin, who is aided by another Errorist codenamed Bad Request, is told by Edge to steal secret codes from Kaori Sheridan, Neo-Paris' top architect. After retrieving and uploading the codes to Edge, he uses the codes to open the Saint-Michel dam, flooding the district. Due to the flood draining out the slums, Nilin is able to infiltrate the Bastille and heads to the memory servers to free the stored memories of herself and the inmates while taking down Madame, the sadistic manager of the Bastille. After defeating Madame, Nilin releases the memories of the inmates and partially regains some of her own. She remembers the crime that landed her in the Bastille; on a mission, Nilin remixed the mind of a Memorize commander and made him believe he had killed his girlfriend. The altered memory pushed him to commit suicide.
Nilin reluctantly goes along with Edge's next plan: to remix the CEO of Memorize, Scylla Cartier-Wells, to make her see the harm her company's technology is causing. Nilin makes her way into Scylla's office and enters her mind, remixing the memory of a car crash which left her with a bitter taste against the world. As she changes the memory to make Scylla a more compassionate person, Nilin discovers that she is Scylla's daughter. Nilin is then told by Edge to head for the Bastille basements to save Bad Request, who has been taken captive. She finds Bad Request, but discovers that his memory has been fully wiped. Nilin then discovers that Memorize scientist Doctor Quaid is trying to find a way to control the Leapers through their Sensens to create a private army for Memorize. However, Johnny Greenteeth, a former co-worker of Quaid's who was experimented on and turned into a Leaper, kills Quaid and prepares to self-destruct the Bastille. Bad Request helps Nilin take down Johnny at the cost of his life and Nilin escapes the destroyed facility.
With all of Memorize's secret operations taken down, Edge presses Nilin to find the Conception Cube, Memorize's central base, and destroy H3O, the Memorize Central Server. Once there, she encounters her father, Charles Cartier-Wells, the creator of the Sensens. Upon finding him, she sees that, fueled by the car accident that injured his wife, he has become lost in a dream of an ideal world free from painful memories, all inspired by the desire to help Nilin forget about the accident. Nilin makes him see the harm his technology causes, and Scylla arrives to convince Charles to help Nilin enter the Central Server. Once in the presence of the Central Server, it is revealed to Nilin that Edge is a self-aware entity created by the amalgamation of unwanted memories within H3O. Nilin, who unwittingly started Edge with the memories of her unhappy childhood, enters the Server and, at H3O/Edge's will, she destroys him and releases the memories back into the general population.
As the memories are released, Nilin remembers Edge's words about the mind being a fortress, and says that Edge died to remind people that memories should not become open to all, and that painful memories should be lived with rather than forcibly removed. She finishes that outside her now-restored mind she has a family again and a damaged world to heal.
Development.
Development of the game began in 2008 when the company was formed. Initially called "Adrift", the original concept of the game was a world flooded from global warming, with a key gameplay mechanic being the player character using jetskis to navigate a coastal city. Later, the Dontnod team thought up the concept of memory as a central theme and redesigned the game accordingly, although the game's director Jean-Max Moris was reluctant to set the game in Paris since the studio was based there. In interviews, Moris said that the game's theme was inspired by the social network sites that abound in the modern world, citing Facebook, Tumblr and Twitter as examples. He said that the game, while some elements looked fantastical, was grounded in the real world in terms of how social networking might evolve over the coming decades. One of the literary works referenced in the game is George Orwell's novel "Nineteen Eighty-Four", though Moris stated that he did not want the game to portray any kind of intrusive message or meaning.
When asked in an interview with Penny Arcade Report why he made Nilin, "Remember Me"s protagonist, a woman, Moris said that part of his reason was that it "felt right from the beginning". He also stated that he wanted a game in the cyberpunk genre that was more about "emotion, intimacy, identity, and the way technology would intersect those", so it made more sense for the player character to be a woman. However, the fact that Nilin was a woman meant that when the game was shown to potential publishers, many were discouraged from backing the project, saying that a male character would sell better. Also against the game were its protagonist's race and the general structure of the game, in that the majority of human enemies were taken down non-fatally. Moris has stated in a different interview that one of the challenges with designing Nilin was creating a protagonist that was not over-sexualised or ineffective, saying: "You have to avoid the pitfalls of making her just a damsel in distress or a sex bomb, because this is what you think would appeal most to the hordes of men that constitute your fan base".
The game was originally being co-developed by Dontnod and Sony exclusively for the PlayStation 3 under the "Adrift" title, beginning full development in February 2010. Following creative disagreements between Dontnod and Sony, and the subsequent cancellation of the project in February 2011 for unrelated reasons, Capcom purchased the IP and provided funding for the project as a multi-platform title. The game was officially revealed at the 2012 Gamescom event with an official trailer and gameplay demonstration.
The music was composed by Olivier Deriviere, who recorded an orchestral score, then modified and changed it using electronic equipment. In an interview with "Game Informer", Deriviere said: ""Remember Me" is not just a game; it's a fully realized world that the creative team at Dontnod created from scratch. During my first contact the game, I was quite confused by so much information and I felt the music should reflect this confusion". Speaking to MTV Multiplayer about the game's main theme, Deriviere said that players would not hear it until the end of the game, since the theme is scattered in pieces through the rest of the score to reflect the nature of the game and the story of Nilin. Deriviere was awarded the 2013 IFMCA award for best for Best Original Score for a Video Game or Interactive Media for his work.
In collaboration with Mike Seymour of Fxguide, two of the game's developers, senior engine and graphics programmer Sébastien Lagarde and co-art director Micheal Koch, published a series of articles describing the technical work that was done in creating the game's graphics, in particular the lighting, rain and 'wet environment' effects. Lagarde notes that these articles overlap with material originally published on his blog.
Reception.
"Remember Me" has received mixed to positive reviews. Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PlayStation 3 version 73.33% and 72/100 the Xbox 360 version 68.73% and 70/100 and the PC version 67.06% and 65/100. General praise was given for the world design, the ambition of the story and the Memory Remix segments, with the main criticisms being laid against other aspects of the story, weak platforming, poor design choices and formulaic combat.
Eurogamer's Tom Bramwell liked the Remix segments, the general design, but said the later segments flagged, the combat was repetitive and the writing weak. He finished by saying: "The result is a game that a small number of people will rightly love and cherish, but overall it's an uneven experience - one that feels like it knows what it wants to be, but has resigned itself to existing in a world where it can't quite get away with it".
GameSpot's Kevin VanOrd found Nilin a good protagonist, while enjoying the Remix segments, world design, and combat. The pieces he found lacking were the story, which didn't really live up to its premise, a restrictive world design and troublesome camera.
Ryan Taljonick of GamesRadar enjoyed the setting, customizable combos and Remix segments, but found the game to be overly linear, the combat unwieldy and several pieces of the dialogue sub-par.
Justin Speer of GameTrailers praised the scope of the world and its story, the platforming elements and the Remix segments, though he said they were "underdeveloped and underutilized". On the downside, the story and dialogue were often lacking, the combat was problematic, some aspects of the graphics and controls annoying or comical, and progress between savepoints was wiped away if the character died. He stated "It's up to you to decide if your mind has room to hold such a curious oddity".
Daniel Krupa of IGN enjoyed the premise of the game, the general setting, the ambitious story and Memory Remix segments, but found the combat unappealing, the platforming weak, and the gameplay simplistic and repetitive. He finished: "Remember Me is a likeable, even admirable game that tells a deeply personal story in a thoughtfully-fashioned world populated by richly detailed character models. But ultimately, it failed to challenge or excite me as a game, as all of its best ideas are confined to its overarching fiction rather than its gameplay".
The "Official PlayStation Magazine" review criticized the combat, platforming and poor storytelling, but praised the world design and general atmosphere of the game.
Other media.
Prior to the game's release, an official prelude story was published by way of a multimedia web site. The interactive site is depicted as the diary of Antoine Cartier-Wells, founder of the Memorize corporation and creator of the Sensen brain implant, and it tells the story of Memorize during the 100 years preceding the start of the game. Billed as an "HTML5 mixed media experience", it was put on the Public Shortlist at the Favorite Website Awards on May 28, 2013, with 70% 'Yes' votes. At the time of the game's release, a 24-page print comic book written by Matt Kindt and illustrated by Matthew Southworth was released by Dark Horse Comics, as an exclusive bonus item for those who pre-ordered the game from a specific retailer. Dark Horse later published a 184-page hardcover book featuring concept art and developer commentary. On June 20, 2013, another official prelude story was published, this time taking place a few months before the start of the game, and centering on the character of Nilin. Titled "The Pandora Archive", it was written by British novelist Scott Harrison and published by Capcom as an eBook. 

</doc>
<doc id="36720563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720563" title="Oakes Park, Sheffield">
Oakes Park, Sheffield

Oakes Park also known as The Oakes is a 17th-century English country house which is now used as a Christian holiday centre for young people between the ages of 8 and 18. It is set in extensive grounds which make it very difficult to be seen by the general public. It is situated on Norton Lane in the suburb of Norton within the City of Sheffield in England. The house is a Grade II* listed building as are the adjoining terrace walls, steps and gateway. The gateway and adjoining walls at garden entrance to Oakes Park and the gardens are on the register of buildings at risk.
History.
The first building on the site was mentioned in deeds of 1590 when John Parker was the owner. The Parkers were followed by Robert Boulton who purchased the houses for £355 and then Henry Wigfall of Eckington who paid £450 in 1624. The present house was built around the year 1668 by John Lee of nearby Hazelbarrow Hall for his bride Barbara, he purchased the "newly built messuage" for £1,600. Unfortunately Barbara died the same year and the house was sold to Francis Barker of Lees Hall at Norton Lees in 1672. Barker lived at the house with his wife Ann for only a short time and the house changed owners several times in a short period. In 1681 John Morewood sold the house to his wife’s brother Henry Gill for £1,240, whose eldest daughter Elizabeth married Richard Bagshawe in 1699.
The Bagshawe family.
The Bagshawe family would remain as owners of Oakes Park for the next 288 years (until 1987). Three sons of Richard Bagshawe and Elizabeth Gill (Richard, William and John) held the Oakes estates in succession until the failure to produce an heir meant it was inherited in 1801 by a distant cousin of the family William Chambers Darling, a Hull doctor. Darling changed his name to Bagshawe, was knighted in 1806 and undertook a substantial redesign of the house using the Lancaster architect Joseph Badger, whose changes included a complete re-fronting of the house. He also embarked on large-scale modifications to the parkland around the house using Napoleonic War prisoners to dig out a lake, construct a walled garden and enclose over 100 acres. The terrace in front of the house was designed by Francis Chantrey while the garden is thought to have been planned by John Nash. William Chambers Bagshawe also stocked the house with much fine furniture and antiques. These included paintings by George Frederic Watts, George Stubbs and Michael Dahl, furniture by Thomas Sheraton, George Hepplewhite and Thomas Chippendale plus beautiful glass and silverware.
The tenth owner of The Oakes was the rather eccentric Mrs. Isherwood Bagshawe who did not believe in progressive development and had no modern amenities in the house, she closed all the rooms and covered the art treasures with sacking and old newspaper. In 1963 Major Thornber Bagshawe inherited the house and found that it had no telephone or electric lighting installed, he and his wife Hilary spent a substantial sum of money renovating the house and then opening it up to the general public for viewing. The downfall of Oakes Park as a stately home began in the early 1980s with the construction of the A6102 (Bochum Parkway) as part of the Sheffield Outer Ring Road which cut the estate into two, demolishing many old buildings and two cruck barns.
Modern developments.
The Bagshawes left Oakes Park in 1987 and it was purchased by Henry Boot PLC, the property developers. In October 1997 Sheffield City Council granted planning permission for the house to be used as a holiday activity centre. In May 1998 the property was purchased by The Oakes Trust, a registered charity and interdenominational Christian movement who undertook extensive renovation and converted it into The Oakes Holiday Centre where 8- to 18-year-olds can holiday and hear the Christian message. The centre opened on 1 July 2000.
Bagshawe Arms.
Although not on the original Oakes Park estate, the Bagshawe Arms stands adjacent to it on the north side of Norton Avenue. It was originally a farmhouse belonging to the Bagshawes built with stone from the local Mawfa Lane quarries, it was enlarged and renovated in 1829 and has served as an inn since at least 1844. There is a stone embedded in the south end of the gable with the initials "F.W.B." (Francis Westby Bagshawe) along with a date of 1859.
Architecture.
The Oakes is constructed from coursed rubble with ashlars dressings with a hipped slate roof. The south facing front of the three storey house has a range of nine windows on the first two floors consisting of 12 paned sashes, the third storey is made up of seven six paned sashes. The main entrance has a Doric portico.

</doc>
<doc id="36720568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720568" title="Chow Chih">
Chow Chih

Chow Chih (February 14, 1890 - March 8, 1953) was a general for Dr. Sun Yat-sen and a four-star general for Chiang Kai-shek during the Chinese Civil War and second Sino-Japanese War. He is also known as Chou Chih or Zhou Zhi in Mandarin.
Chow Chih was a military strategist who led 100 battles in Canton (now Guangdong province) and was introduced by Chiang Kai-shek at a 1942 anti-Japan planning conference as a soldier with great achievements in all the military arts.
Early life.
Chow was born on February 14, 1890, in Stone River Village, Cuanshi Township in Kaiping county to his 17-year-old father Chow Tin Yuet and 19-year-old mother Chow Fang. Chow's father Tin Yuet was an early Chinese settler in Mississippi and was part of the Mississippi Delta Chinese. Tin Yuet regularly sent money home to his family and visited Canton. Chow's sister Run Ho was born a few years later and his brother Zhang Li was born in 1909. Tin Yuet owned and operated a grocery store in rural Hollandale, Mississippi.
Chow's first marriage at the age of 16 was to 18-year-old Ao Yin-Chiao (born March 6, 1888) from Canton and was arranged by his father Tin Yuet. A son named Chow Tso-Hsu was born on April 16, 1914 and was the only child born from Chow's first marriage.
Military career.
Chow graduated from the first class of Whampoa Military Academy in Canton, the first class of Baoding Officers School and then graduated in the third class of Army University in Peking (Beijing). North China warlord Chang Tso-lin (Zhang Zuolin), nicknamed the "Tiger of Manchuria," tried to recruit Chow to join Chang's warlord army but Chow headed from Army University in Peking with his classmate Deng Yanda to join Sun Yat-sen's People's Revolutionary Army. Chow became a commander of a regiment for the People's Revolutionary Army and was then promoted to commander in chief, commander of the infantry, Office Director of the Ministry of Defense and played other significant roles for the Nationalist Party. He later returned to Whampoa as an instructor as the Lieutenant General in charge of the officers' research group and helped develop military talent including the head of the New First Army, Sun Liren and the Kuomintang commander-in-chief Liu Angi, according to Zhou Zhouhe and Zhou Songyao, two of Chow's former soldiers who wrote a short biography in Chinese entitled "General Zhou Zhi, Leader in the War of Resistance Against Japan."
Chiang noted that Chow had been in the first class of the Whampoa (now Huangpo) Military Academy, the first class of the Baoding Officers School and the third class of the Infantry University. Chow was then serving as the 12th group Nationalist Army general staff officer. "He (Chow) has brilliance in all things military and deserves respect as the supreme commander of the military world," Chiang told a joint meeting of key leaders of the Nationalists and Communists assembled in Nanye Heng Mountain. The meeting was also attended by Ho Ying-chin (He Yingquin in Mandarin) who was then chief of staff for the Nationalist Army and subsequently briefly served as prime minister of China, and Communist leaders Mao Tse-tung and Chow Enlai (Zhou Enlai in Mandarin). (source: A biography in Chinese on Chow Chih called "General Zhou Zhi, Leader in the War of Resistance Against Japan" by Zhou Zuozhe and Zhou Songyao, published in Hong Kong, date after 1985 unknown.)
During the Northern Expedition of 1926-28 led by Chiang Kai-shek, Chow commanded troops along with General Xue Yue. Xue's troops found themselves surrounded by warlord troops and sent a message to Chow for a rescue. Chow managed to save Xue and his troops. Xue, a fellow Whampoa graduate. Xue's military skills against the Japanese later earned him the nickname "the Patton of Asia" by U.S. General Claire Chennault. 
Chow's second marriage to Guo Wanrong from Nanking in 1930 produced no children. On May 1, 1930, Chow's mother Chow Fang died at the age of 60. Condolences were written to Chow from many military and Nationalist government luminaries including Chiang Kai-shek, Sun Yat-sen's son Sun Fo, Nationalist General Chang Hsueh-liang (Zhang Xueliang who was nicknamed Young Marshal and was a former warlord of Manchuria and Soong Tse-ven, a prominent businessman whose three brothers-in-law were Sun Yat-sen, Chiang Kai-shek and financier H.H. Kung. General Chow married a third time in 1933 at the age of 43 to 16-year-old Guo Yi Choy who was the younger sister of Chow's second wife.
In the early stages of the war against Japan, Chow was based in Canton as Lieutenant General and chief of the general staff of the 12th army group in the seventh military region. From 1938-39, Chow was the section head in charge of military service in Canton. Chow was the head of the general staff of the seventh military region, lieutenant general and head of the general staff of the 12th military group from 1940-44.
The Japanese army attacked British-controlled Hong Kong on December 8, 1941. While the British Army fought back, it was overwhelmed by a coordinated Japanese assault on air, sea and land. The British government sent a telegram requesting help. The 12th group army, commanded by Chow and stationed in Shaoguan, was ordered to break the Japanese siege of Hong Kong. Chow set up a battle plan for Hong Kong and to protect his Canton base. Chow's fellow Nationalist general Yu Hanmou was named the commander to troops on a day and night march to Kowloon. They sent a telegram to the Hong Kong government that if the British troops could hold out until the end of December, the 12th group army would arrive to help fight the enemy, Chow's biographers wrote.
On Christmas Day in 1941, as the Chinese relief troops were near position, they received the surprise news that British troops in Hong Kong had surrendered. Senior Chinese officials sent a telegram ordering the advance to stop and for the relief troops to return to their original bases. "Chow always felt regret at the suffering of his Hong Kong compatriots because of an order that arrived late and a surrender that took place too early," according to the Chinese biography on Chow.
Later life.
Chow retired from the military in 1946, three years before the Communist takeover of China and became a store owner in Nanking (Nanjing). He became an adviser to the government in Canton (Guangdong) for several months in 1949 before returning to his hometown of Kaiping with his third wife Guo Yi Choy and their three young children. Near the end of 1952, the Kaiping People's Court declared Chow a counter-revolutionary. After being held in a Kaiping bell tower for several weeks, Chow was killed by gunshot on March 8, 1953.
Chow's first son Tso-Hsu, who had served as a federal judge for Canton province before escaping to Hong Kong in 1951, appealed his father's conviction in 1982. The Kaiping County People's Court exonerated Chow Chih of all charges three years later. On December 23, 1985, the Yangcheng evening news in China reported on Chow's exoneration.
References.
Primary sources: "Jewel of the Kingdom - General Chow Chih and Nationalist China" by Betty Wong, published by Trafford July 2012 (www.ChowChih.com) and "General Zhou Zhi, Leader in the War of Resistance Against Japan" by Zhou Zuozhe and Zhou Songyao, published in Chinese in Hong Kong after 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="36720573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720573" title="Al Itrah Broadcasting Network Television">
Al Itrah Broadcasting Network Television

Al Itrah Broadcasting Network Television (IBN TV) is an Islamic television and radio broadcaster that transmits IBN TV and Radio Maarifa from Dar es Salaam and Tanga respectively.
IBN TV.
It was established under the management of Al Itrah Foundation and has been on air officially since March 2003. IBN TV is a private media that begun after liberalization of the media industry in Tanzania. IBN TV is the first Islamic channel in Tanzania.
It covers almost the entire region of Dar es Salaam, Tanga, Arusha and Mwanza.
IBN TV broadcasts in four different languages namely English, Swahili, Gujarati and Urdu. Its programmeming aims to not only appeal to both Muslims and non-Muslims but also to educate the curious non-Muslims.
Objectives.
The main objectives include;
Programming content.
The 24-hour schedule includes:
Radio Maarifa.
Radio Maarifa is Tanzania’s first ever Islamic Radio Station established under the management of Al Itrah Foundation in association with the IBN Television team. Maarifa radio airs under the frequency 105.3FM and is dedicated to the message of the Prophet Muhammed and his Holy Progeny. The studio at present is located in Tanga, and transmission is from Mabokweni. 
Radio Maarifa aims to satisfy the needs of listeners in order to maintain majority market share through quality programming, following the opening up of the airwaves in the electronic media in Tanzania. 
Currently the radio frequency reach is Tanga, Zanzibar, North Pemba, Lushoto, Kichakani, Soni, Pangani, Mabokweni, Muheza, Tongoni, Korogwe, Pongwe, Handeni, Maramba, Manza Bau – Mkinga, Kibafuta, Vanga (Kenya) and Horohoro.
Programming content.
Daily programmemes include:
See also.
List of television stations in Africa

</doc>
<doc id="36720576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720576" title="Syed Darbar Ali Shah">
Syed Darbar Ali Shah

Syed Darbar Ali Shah (born 21 July 1923) was a civil servant from 1949 to the end of Gen Ayub Khan's rule. Shah was one of the most senior civil servants of Pakistan. In 1926 Shah was born in Lower Dir, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pakistan to a Syed (Sayyid) family. He studied earlier in a local school and then graduated from Government College University, Lahore. During his career he served as Commissioner Karachi One Unit system under President Ayub Khan (Field Marshal) from 1961 to 1965.
Early life.
Shah was born in July 21, 1923 to a small village of Lower Dir, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. After completing a local high school, Shah went to Lahore to attend GC University.
He went to become commissioner Karachi in 1961. He served as the chief administrator of Karachi in Indo-Pakistani War of 1965.
Civil Services of Pakistan.
Syed Darbar joined the Civil Services of Pakistan in 1949 and has held several appointments, including those of Commissioner Khairpur, Commissioner Karachi, and Commissioner Peshawar.

</doc>
<doc id="36720588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720588" title="2012 Clásica de San Sebastián">
2012 Clásica de San Sebastián

The 2012 Clásica de San Sebastián was the 32nd edition of the Clásica de San Sebastián, a single-day cycling race. It was held on 14 August 2012, over a distance of , starting and finishing in San Sebastián, in the Basque Country, Spain. It was the twenty-first event of the 2012 UCI World Tour season.
The race was won for the second time in three years by rider Luis León Sánchez after making a late-race attack on the descent from the Alto de Arkale. Second place went to 's Simon Gerrans, while Gianni Meersman rounded out the podium placings for .
Teams.
As the Clásica de San Sebastián was a UCI World Tour event, all 18 UCI ProTeams were invited automatically and obligated to send a squad. Two other squads – and – were given wildcard places into the race, and as such, formed the event's 20-team peloton.
The 20 teams that competed in the race were:

</doc>
<doc id="36720590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720590" title="Dale Caya">
Dale Caya

Dale Caya is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who was the 1990 American Professional Soccer League Goalkeeper of the Year.
Caya attended Temple University, playing on the men’s soccer team from 1982 to 1985. In 1988, he played for the amateur Philadelphia Inter. In July 1989, Caya signed with the Penn-Jersey Football Club. In 1990, the club entered the American Soccer League as the Penn-Jersey Spirit. Caya was selected as first team all league that season. In 1991, he was on the roster of the Spirit for a handful of games, but never came off the bench. In 1992, he graduated from the Widener University School of Law.

</doc>
<doc id="36720600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720600" title="Storage as a service">
Storage as a service

Storage as a service (STaaS) is an architecture model in which a provider provides digital storage on their own infrastructure. Storage as a service can be implemented as a business model in which a large service provider rents space in their storage infrastructure on a subscription basis. The economy of scale in the service provider's infrastructure theoretically allows them to provide storage much more cost effectively than most individuals or corporations can provide their own storage, when total cost of ownership is considered. 
Storage as a Service is often used to solve offsite backup challenges 
Critics of storage as a service point to the large amount of network bandwidth required to conduct their storage utilizing an internet-based service.

</doc>
<doc id="36720601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720601" title="William Courtenay (actor)">
William Courtenay (actor)

William Courtenay (June 19, 1875 - April 20, 1933) was a noted Broadway star and later film actor. He was born William Hancock Kelly. At age 19 1894, before his Broadway career took off, Courtenay appeared in Alexander Black's slide show "Miss Jerry". This was a sort of alternative entertainment to a new device by Thomas Edison called "moving pictures".
Broadway.
A tall, handsome leading man Courtenay appeared in plays with Richard Mansfield i.e. a revival of "Beau Brummel" and the American premiere of "Cyrano de Bergerac" as well as productions produced by Charles Frohman. An early important Frohman production from 1902 was Oscar Wilde's "The Importance of Being Earnest" his costars being Charles Richman, Margaret Anglin and Margaret Dale. For three years after 1902 he appeared as leading man in plays starring Virginia Harned the ex-wife of E. H. Sothern and seven years Courtenay's senior. They married around 1905 and Courtenay continued being a popular leading man on Broadway. Virginia Harned largely retired from acting after one or two more plays to be Mrs. William Courtenay. She produced no children. In 1913 he was chosen for the lead in "Romance" by Edward Sheldon and starring Doris Keane in the role of a lifetime. The lead role in this soon to be famous and very long running play made Courtenay more famous. Sheldon had originally offered the part to his friend actor John Barrymore who declined and later regretted it. Keane and Courtenay performed the play over a thousand performances.
Motion Pictures.
In 1915 and some twenty years after "Miss Jerry", Courtenay began appearing in silent films. Still handsome and quite famous as an actor he worked for such studios as William A. Brady's World Pictures, Vitagraph and most of all Pathe. For the next fifteen years he appeared alternatively in plays and motion pictures. His first of five sound films, "Evidence" for Warner Brothers, is lost. His penultimate sound film Three Faces East with Constance Bennett is restored and on dvd.
Death.
William Courtenay died at Rye, New York on April 20, 1933. His widow Virginia died in 1946. They were childless.

</doc>
<doc id="36720605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720605" title="Super Turnt Up">
Super Turnt Up

"Super Turnt Up" is a song by American recording artist Ciara credited for featuring herself, the song was recorded for her fifth self titled studio album "Ciara" (2013). The song was co-wrote and co-produced by Ciara and long time collaborator Jasper Cameron. Sonically the song is a R&B song that lyrically speaks about how "her man gets her in the mood."
"Super Turnt Up" was met with general acclaim being called "magnificent" and praised for the seductive "cooing". Ciara's rapping technique was also praised being compared to that of female rapper's Nicki Minaj. Other reviews noted similarities to R&B artists Brandy Norwood, Monica, Kandi and Aaliyah.
Background.
Shortly after the release of "Basic Instinct" (2010), Ciara publicly asked to be released from her label Jive. In July 2011, reports circulated that Ciara had reunited with L.A. Reid by signing with his record label Epic Records. Reid had previously signed Ciara to LaFace Records during the beginning of her career and was a factor in the commercial success of her debut album, "Goodies" (2004). "Billboard" magazine went on to confirm her move to Epic in September 2011. In February 2012, Ciara revealed that she has began recording her album Ciara released three singles from the album "Sweat" featuring rapper, 2 Chainz, "Sorry" and "Got Me Good" all of which were released on iTunes, the three singles were later scrapped from the album with "Body Party" being released as the albums lead single.
Composition.
"Super Turnt Up" is the seventh song of the album. The song was co-produced and wrote by Ciara herself and long time collaborator Jasper Cameron who has previously worked with Ciara on songs including Promise (2006), "I Don't Remember" (2009) and most recently Sorry (2012). "Super Turnt Up" is credited for featuring herself because the song features Ciara rapping.
"Super Turnt Up" contains "90s R&B", "soft tones" and "gleaming harp" compared to that of Brandy Norwood and Monica‘s single “The Boy Is Mine” (1998). Ciara's rapping technique was compared to that of Kandi‘s “Don’t Think I’m Not”, Ciara's vocals contains "writhes" that "wraps around the song’s backing rhythm" Ciara's voice was praised and compared to that of later American singer Aaliyah.
"Super Turnt Up" is a fast-tempo R&B song the song lasts for four minutes and twenty eight seconds. Lyrically, it speaks about how "her man gets her in the mood", the song contains seductive "cooing". The first verse in which Ciara sings introduces the concept of the song: "I can't lie/ I'm super turnt up/ Boy your love got me super turnt up." Later in the song Ciara raps, the rapping was noted sounding similar to that of female rapper Nicki Minaj. The rap verse contains lyrics such as : "Top notch/ Got me so high/ Them other broads can't even see me."
Critical reception.
After the albums release Idolator reviewed the song again and gave "Super Turnt Up" general acclaim naming the song as "The beating heart of the record" continuing to praise it saying Super Turnt Up is one of her "best songs ever" further more Idolator called the song "smooth but furious, layered and dynamic, with Ciara rapping against herself against trap-and-blues production".
Music video.
Initially Ciara planned to release five video snippets for five of the albums songs, however "Super Turnt Up" was released as the sixth and final short promotional video on July 12, 2013.
The video was directed by Hannah Lux Davis and is features Ciara flaunting her fashion style in the black and white video clip, wearing a “XIV Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn” coat and thigh-high boots.
Live performances.
The song was performed for the first time on BET 106 & Park in July 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36720623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720623" title="William Sheridan (Bishop of Kilmore and Ardagh)">
William Sheridan (Bishop of Kilmore and Ardagh)

William Sheridan (c. 1635 – 3 October 1711) was a 17th-century Irish clergyman, who was Bishop of Kilmore and Ardagh between 1682 and 1691, having previously served as Dean of Down from 1669 to 1682. 
Sheridan was born at Togher, the son of Dionysius (or Dennis) Sheridan, a former Catholic priest who had converted to Protestantism. He graduated from Trinity College, Dublin, and became chaplain to Sir Maurice Eustace, Lord Chancellor of Ireland. After Eustace's death in 1665, he became chaplain to James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde.
Sheridan married Mary O'Reilly, and they had one son. His nephew, Thomas Sheridan, was the grandfather of the dramatist and politician Richard Brinsley Sheridan. William Sheridan was consecrated Bishop of Kilmore on 19 February 1682. In 1691, he was deprived of the see for not taking the oaths to William and Mary. He left Ireland and spent the rest of his life in London, living in reduced circumstances.
An engraving of Sheridan by William Sherwin is held by the National Library of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36720629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720629" title="Nüenchamm">
Nüenchamm

The Nüenchamm (1,904 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking the Walensee in the canton of Glarus. It is located west of the Mürtschenstock, between the Linth valley and the valley of the Talalpsee.

</doc>
<doc id="36720637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720637" title="Security as a service">
Security as a service

Security as a service (SECaaS) is a business model in which a large service provider integrates their security services into a corporate infrastructure on a subscription basis more cost effectively than most individuals or corporations can provide on their own, when total cost of ownership is considered. In this scenario, security is delivered as a service from the cloud, without requiring on-premises hardware avoiding substantial capital outlays. These security services often include authentication, anti-virus, anti-malware/spyware, intrusion detection, and security event management, among others.
Security-as-a-Service offers a number of benefits, including:

</doc>
<doc id="36720640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720640" title="Cloyne Cathedral (disambiguation)">
Cloyne Cathedral (disambiguation)

Cloyne Cathedral may refer to either the cathedral church of the Diocese of Cloyne in the Church of Ireland or in the Roman Catholic Church. The former is situated in the village of Cloyne, County Cork in Ireland while the latter is situated 23km away by road in the town of Cobh on Great Island. See

</doc>
<doc id="36720643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720643" title="Del Rio News-Herald">
Del Rio News-Herald

The Del Rio News-Herald is a daily newspaper published in Del Rio, Texas, covering Val Verde County. It is owned by Southern Newspapers Inc.
The newspaper has a daily circulation of 10,400 and a Sunday circulation of 13,500 newspapers.

</doc>
<doc id="36720661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720661" title="CoDel">
CoDel

In network routing, CoDel (pronounced "coddle") for controlled delay is a scheduling algorithm for the network scheduler developed by Van Jacobson and Kathleen Nichols. It is designed to overcome bufferbloat in network links (such as routers) by setting limits on the delay network packets suffer due to passing through the buffer being managed by CoDel.
CoDel aims at improving on the overall performance of the RED algorithm by addressing some fundamental misconceptions in the algorithm (as perceived by Jacobson) and by being easier to manage (since, unlike RED, CoDel does not require manual configuration).
An implementation of CoDel was written by Dave Täht and Eric Dumazet for the Linux kernel and dual licensed under the GNU General Public License and the 3-clause BSD license. Dave Täht back-ported CoDel to Linux kernel 3.3 for project CeroWrt, which concerns itself among other things with bufferbloat, where it was exhaustively tested. It was then pushed into OpenWrt. Dumazet's variant of CoDel, FQ_Codel was adopted as the standard AQM and packet scheduling solution in OpenWrt "Barrier Breaker" in 2012. From there, Codel and FQ_Codel has migrated into various downstream projects such as dd-wrt, IpFire, and technologies like StreamBoost.
Theoretical underpinnings.
The theory behind CoDel is based on a number of observations of packet behavior in packet-switched networks under the influence of data buffers. Some of these observations are about the fundamental nature of queueing and the causes of bufferbloat, others relate to weaknesses of alternative queue management algorithms. CoDel was developed as an attempt to address the problem of bufferbloat.
Bufferbloat.
The flow of packets slows down while travelling through a network link between a fast and a slow network, especially at the start of a TCP session, when there is a sudden burst of packets and link to the slower network may not be able to process the burst quickly enough. Buffers exist to ease this problem by giving the fast network a place to push packets, to be read by the slower network as fast as it can. In other words, buffers act like shock absorbers to convert bursty arrivals into smooth, steady departures. However, a buffer has a finite size, and it can hold only a specific maximum number of packets. The ideal buffer is sized so it can handle a sudden burst of communication and match the speed of that burst to the speed of the slower network. Ideally, the "shock absorbing" situation is characterized by a temporary delay for packets in the buffer during the transmission burst, after which the delay rapidly disappears and the network reaches a balance in offering and handling packets.
The TCP congestion avoidance algorithm relies on packet drops to determine the available bandwidth. It speeds up the data transfer until packets start to drop, and then slows down the transmission rate. Ideally it keeps speeding up and slowing down the transmission rate, until it finds an equilibrium to the speed of the link. However, for this to work the packet drops must occur in a timely manner, so that the algorithm can select a suitable transfer speed. With a large buffer that has been filled, the packets will arrive at their destination, but with a higher latency. The packet is not dropped, so TCP does not slow down once the uplink has been saturated, further filling the buffer. Newly arriving packets are dropped only when the buffer is fully saturated. TCP may even decide that the path of the connection has changed, and again go into the more aggressive search for a new operating point.
In the problematic situation, packets queued in a network buffer are only dropped if the buffer is full. Having a big and constantly full buffer which causes increased transmission delays and reduced interactivity, especially when looking at two or more simultaneous transmissions over the same channel, is called "bufferbloat". Available channel bandwidth can also end up being unused, as some fast destinations may not be reached due to buffers clogged with data awaiting delivery to slow destinations, what is caused by contention between simultaneous transmissions competing for some space in an already full buffer.
Good and bad queues.
CoDel distinguishes between two "types" of a queue (or rather, the effects produced by a queue):
In order to be effective against bufferbloat, a solution in form of an Active queue management (AQM) algorithm must be able to "recognize" an occurrence of bufferbloat and "react" with deploying effective countermeasures.
Regarding the recognition of an unwanted situation, Van Jacobson asserted in 2006 that existing algorithms have been using incorrect means of recognizing bufferbloat. In an attempt to recognize the telltale standing queue of bufferbloat, algorithms like RED measure the average queue length (in packets or stored bytes) and consider it a case of bufferbloat if the average grows too large. However, Jacobson demonstrated in 2006 that this measurement is not a good metric, as the average queue length rises sharply in case of a communications burst. But this can then dissipate quickly (good queue) or develop a standing queue (bad queue). Also, other factors in network traffic can cause false positives or negatives, causing countermeasures to be deployed unnecessarily; Jacobson suggested therefore that average queue length actually contains no information at all about packet demand or network load. He then suggested that a better metric might be the minimum amount of delay experienced by any packet in the sliding window of the buffer.
The CoDel algorithm.
Based on Jacobson's notion from 2006, CoDel was developed to manage queues under control of the minimum delay experienced by packets in the running buffer window. The goal is to keep this minimum delay below 5 milliseconds. If the minimum delay rises to too high a value, packets are dropped from the window until the delay drops below the maximum level.
Nichols and Jacobson cite several advantages to using nothing more than this metric:
CoDel does nothing to manage the buffer if the minimum delay for the buffer window is below the maximum allowed value. It also does nothing if the buffer is relatively empty (if there are fewer than one MTU's worth of bytes in the buffer). If these conditions do not hold, then CoDel drops packets probabilistically.
Description.
The algorithm is independently computed at each hop. The algorithm operates over an "interval". The initial "interval" is 100 milliseconds. Per-packet queuing delay is monitored through the hop. As each packet is dequeued for forwarding, the queuing delay (amount of time the packet spent waiting in the queue) is calculated. The lowest queuing delay for the interval is stored. When the last packet of the interval is dequeued, if the lowest queuing delay for the interval is greater than 5 milliseconds, this single packet is dropped and the "interval" used for the next group of packets is shortened. If the lowest queuing delay for the interval is less than 5 milliseconds, the packet is forwarded and "interval" is reset to 100 milliseconds.
When the "interval" is shortened, it is done so in accordance with the inverse square root of the number of successive intervals in which packets were dropped due to excessive queuing delay. The sequence of intervals is formula_1, formula_2, formula_3, formula_4, formula_5 ...
Simulation results.
CoDel has been tested in simulation tests by Nichols and Jacobson, at different MTUs and link rates and other variations of conditions. In general, results indicate:
Simulation was also performed by Greg White and Joey Padden at CableLabs.
CoDel in use.
A full implementation of CoDel was realized in May 2012 and is available as open-source software to all interested parties. This implementation will be used by different parties to study CoDel in actual use.
As of 21 May 2012, CoDel has been implemented within the Linux kernel (starting with the 3.5 mainline).
CoDel began to appear as an option in some proprietary/turnkey bandwidth management platforms in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36720673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720673" title="Momodou Ceesay (artist)">
Momodou Ceesay (artist)

Momodou Ceesay is a fine artist and writer. He was born in 1945 in Banjul, the capital of the Gambia.
Early life.
His early education was received in Banjul, followed by scholarships and academic studies at Suffield Academy and Wesleyan University, Connecticut (USA). "In 1970, he received a Bachelor's Degree from that University, majoring in languages and literature." He continued his studies in France at the University of Poitiers (in Poitiers) and La Sorbonne (in Paris). For his studies of the French language, Ceesay received diplomas from each of these Universities.
Career.
After graduation, Ceesay decided to pursue his true passion and he became an artist. Essentially self-taught, he focused on a highly individualist vision, seen in the uniqueness of his style and use of colours. This trend is seen in his numerous acrylics, watercolors, and serigraphs. In his printmaking, Momodou shuns modern technology, producing small editions by hand, without the aid of a mechanized studio. One of his earlier serigraphs entitled "Evening Works" was selected by UNICEF as one of their 1976 designs. His original works can be found in many public and private collections across the country and abroad.
"My work . . . seeks to articulate that universal yearning for truth, justice, and equality, common to all peoples and all cultures."
"I have tried in my own experience to use art in a way that would go beyond just aesthetic concerns."
"My objective is to take the viewer on a spiritual odyssey that suggests unseen dimensions. A world parallel to a true flight of imagination and belief. and where I quietly listen to the rushing breeze, to give an ear to those who came before me, and whose voices I see and hear, as they beseech me to speak for them." – Momodou Ceesay
Exhibitions.
Solo: 
Group:
Collections.
Private, Corporate & Museum Collections: 
Bibliography.
Books and articles about Momodou Ceesay: 

</doc>
<doc id="36720701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720701" title="I Think You Got the Clean Version">
I Think You Got the Clean Version

I Think You Got the Clean Version is an EP by the Colorado-based group Dethcentrik.

</doc>
<doc id="36720708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720708" title="Grasseella">
Grasseella

Grasseella is a genus in the phylum Apicomplexa.
History.
This genus was created by Tuzet and Ormières in 1960.
Taxonomy.
There is one species recognised in this genus.
Description.
This species infects an ascidian worm ("Microcosmus sulcatus").
The oocysts have many sporocysts, each with 2 sporozoites.

</doc>
<doc id="36720733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720733" title="Ra'ad al-Hamdani">
Ra'ad al-Hamdani

Ra'ad Majid Rashid al-Hamdani (Arabic: ) was a General of the Iraqi Republican Guard, and was one of Saddam Hussein's favourite officers.
Early career.
Hamdani graduated from the Jordanian Military Academy in 1967, and from the Iraqi Military College in Baghdad in 1970 with a BA in military science.
He served in the 71st Brigade as a first lieutenant, which saw action on the Golan Heights as part of the 3rd Armoured Division. Following the war he attended Bakr University from 1978 to 1980 receiving an MA in military science from the Iraqi Staff College.
Iran-Iraq War.
During the Iran-Iraq war Hamdani served as a staff officers in various armoured and reconnaissance units, and joining the Republican Guard in 1982, and serving as a senior training office between 1987 and 1989. He received both of Saddam Hussein's sons; Uday and Qusay, as well as Tariq-Aziz's son, to serve as officers in his battalion. This was done as a political stunt, so Saddam and Tariq-Aziz could claim their sons were fighting in the war. However, Hamdani was told not to let any of the sons die.
Iraq War.
As commander of the II Republican Guard Corps, Hamdani was given responsibility for the Karbala region. Hamdani was further stripped of units after Qusay Hussein believed that the American invasion of the South was a feint. Hamdani protested this and argued that unless reinforcements were rushed to the Karbala gap immediately to prevent a breach, American troops would reach Baghdad within 48 hours. His suggestions fell on deaf ears. Hamdani was ordered to launch a counterattack in response to the continued American advance, resulting in a night raid on the 2–3 April which was repulsed with heavy casualties. The American counterattack the following morning totally routed the Republican Guard forces.
After the war.
Following the invasion of Iraq the Iraqi Army was dissolved by way of Coalition Provisional Authority Order 2. Hamdani, now no longer in the Iraqi military, was cleared of any political crimes by the Coalition forces. However, due to his status as a former Sunni army officer linked to the former Ba'athist government Hamdani became a target for Shiite militias. As a result Hamdani fled the country, alongside some 2 million other Iraqis. Hamdani moved to Amman, where he works in military academia. As of 2008 Hamdani believed that were he to return to Iraq then he would likely be killed.
Following the war Hamdani also founded the Association of Former Officers of the Iraqi Armed Forces, for which he is currently the chairman, and has been working to help reinstate former officers of the Iraqi Army into the new Armed Forces.
As of 2009, Hamdani was still in contact with the Iraqi Ba'ath Party, representatives of which had expressed to him their approval for his work to reintegrate former members of the Ba'athist regime into the new Iraq. Hamdani also claimed to have direct contacts with Mohammed Younis al-Ahmed al-Muwali, the rival to al-Douri for the party's leadership. Hamdani has claimed however that he only represents former military officials, but that he feels that the government does need to make more concessions to reintegrate former Ba'athists. Mohammed Salman al-Saady, Maliki's adviser for reconciliation, has claimed that talks with Hamdani had stalled due to Hamdani's demands being against government policy.
Personal life.
Hamdani is a Sunni Muslim who was born in Baghdad. He is a secularist, and is noted for his sense of humour and cosmopolitan attitude. He can read English, but cannot speak it fluently. As of 2009 he was living in Amman, Jordan, and was interviewed the same year for the Iraqi Perspectives Project. He built a close relationship with Qusay Hussein, who served in his battalion in the Iran-Iraq War. Hamdani believes this relationship likely kept him out of prison during the 1990's and saved him when he gave advice counter to Saddam's views. In 1992 he earned a PhD in military science from the Iraqi War College.
Hamdani featured in a historical television program made for the Arabic service of Russia Today, appearing in the episodes detailing the Yom Kippur war, the Gulf War, and the 2003 Invasion of Iraq. He also published his memoirs, entitled "Before History Leaves Us," in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="36720738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720738" title="2013 Canoe Sprint European Championships">
2013 Canoe Sprint European Championships

The 2013 Canoe Sprint European Championships were the 25th edition of the Canoe Sprint European Championships, an international canoe and kayak sprint event organised by the European Canoe Association, and the 15th edition since its revival in 1997. They were held for the first time in Portugal, at the Center for High Performance in Montemor-o-Velho, between 14 and 16 June 2013. As in the previous edition, the competition comprised 26 events, of which 16 were for men and 10 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="36720766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720766" title="Kamaljit S. Bawa">
Kamaljit S. Bawa

Kamaljit Singh Bawa (born April 7, 1939 in Punjab, India) is an evolutionary ecologist, conservation biologist and a distinguished professor of Biology at the University of Massachusetts, Boston. He is also the founder of Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and Environment (ATREE). In 2012, Bawa received the first Gunnerus Sustainability Award, the world’s major international award for work on sustainability. He is an elected member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Academic career.
Bawa received B.S., M.S., and PhD degrees from Panjab University, Chandigarh, India. After receiving his PhD in 1967, he came to United States as a postdoctoral research associate and instructor at College of Forest Resources, University of Washington. He received the Maria Moors Cabot and the Charles Bullard Research Fellowships] at Harvard University in 1972 and worked as a research fellow at Grey Herbarium, Harvard University from 1973-1974. He joined the Department of Biology, at University of Massachusetts, Boston in 1974 as an assistant professor. He was promoted to associate professor in 1977 and to full professor in 1981 and became a distinguished professor in Biology in 1996 at the Department of Biology at University of Massachusetts, Boston.
Accolades and institutional affiliations.
Along with First Gunnerus Sustainability Award, Bawa is a recipient of the highest awards from the two main professional societies in his field. In 2003, the Association for Tropical Biology and Conservation bestowed on him its highest honor by electing him as an Honorary Fellow. The Society for Conservation Biology awarded him its Distinguished Service Award in 2009. He also received P.N. Mehra Memorial Award in Botany in 2007.
Bawa has been a Guggenheim Fellow from 1987-1988 as well as a Pew Scholar in Conservation and the Environment from 1991-1996, a Giorgio Ruffolo Visiting Scholar in Sustainability Science in the Sustainability Science Program at Harvard's Center for International Development, and a Bullard Fellow at the Harvard Forest in 1972, and again in 2009. He was an elected fellow for The National Academy of Sciences, India and the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and the Royal Norwegian Society of Letters and Sciences.
He has served on NSF Advisory Panel on Conservation and Restoration Biology in 1991 and on population biology in 1993, 1994. He has also been a member of the Science Committee, DIVERSITAS-agrobiodiversity Group since 2006. He also serves on the advisory boards of Conabio, Natureserve, TEAM Program of Conservation International, William L. Brown Center of the Missouri Botanical Garden. He is a member of the Board of Trustees of Institute of Rural Research and Development, the Foundation for Revitalization of Local Health Traditions, and the Committee for Research and Exploration of the National Geographic Society.
He is the President of the Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment (ATREE), a non-governmental organization devoted to research, policy analysis, and education in India, member of the governing boards of the Institute of Ayurveda and Integrative Medicine, S.M. Sehgal Foundation, and Village Forward.
Publications.
Bawa is the author of more than 180 academic papers, author or editor of ten books, monographs or special issues of journals including "Sahayadris: India’s Western Ghats - A Vanishing Heritage". He is the editor-in-chief of "Conservation and Society", an interdisciplinary journal in conservation; associate editor of "Ecology and Society"; and academic editor of "PLoS ONE". He is a member of the editorial board of "Journal of Sustainable Forestry". He was an associate editor of "Conservation Biology" from 1987-1993. He served on the editorial board of "Journal of Arnold Arboretum" from 1986–1990, "Journal of Tree Science" from 1986–1991, and "Evolutionary Trends in Plants" from 1987-1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36720768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720768" title="Paul Blake (athlete)">
Paul Blake (athlete)

Paul Blake (born 15 January 1990) is a British athlete who competes in T36 middle distance events. Born in Dorchester, Dorset, Blake developed cerebral palsy after being deprived of blood in the womb. Blake's father, also called Paul, is an actor, best known for playing the bounty hunter Greedo in "" (1977), while his mother Kate is a former ballet dancer with the Royal Ballet.
Blake competed for Great Britain at the 2011 IPC Athletics World Championships where he won a Gold in 400m and silver in 800m and 1500m. And at the 2012 IPC Athletics European Championships he won two medals (a silver and Bronze) and has been selected for the British team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics doing the 400m and 800m in T36. He also has the World Record in the T36 800m (2:08.02) and 1500m (4:34.42). At the London 2012 Paralympic Games, Blake won silver in the 400m T36, in a personal best time of 54.22, and Bronze in the 800m T36.

</doc>
<doc id="36720771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720771" title="John Brown (Mormon pioneer)">
John Brown (Mormon pioneer)

John Brown (1820–1897) was a leader among the Mormons in the southern United States and in the Mormon pioneer exodus to the West. He was also a member of the Utah Territorial Legislature.
Brown was born in Sumner County, Tennessee. He was baptized as a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints in Perry County, Illinois by George P. Dykes. He later served as a Mormon missionary in Tennessee, Alabama and Mississippi. He headed a group of Latter-day Saints, mainly from Mississippi, who moved west in 1846. They did not realize that the main body of the church had stopped at Winter Quarters, Nebraska and they ended up wintering in Pueblo, Colorado. Brown himself had headed back east to meet with higher up church leaders, and was part of the pioneer company headed by Brigham Young that arrived in the Salt Lake Valley in July 1847.
From 1860 to 1862 Brown served as a missionary in Great Britain. From 1863 until 1891 he was the bishop of the Pleasant Grove Ward in Pleasant Grove, Utah. He also served for a time as mayor of Pleasant Grove. From 1867 to 1868 he served another mission in the Southern States Mission. He was later made a patriarch in the church.

</doc>
<doc id="36720792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720792" title="Bartholomew le Gros">
Bartholomew le Gros

Bartholomew le Gros or Bartholomew Grossus () was a prelate of French origin in the Kingdom of Hungary in the 13th century. He left his homeland for Hungary in the retinue of Yolanda de Courtenay, queen of Andrew II of Hungary in 1216 or 1217. Bartholomew was bishop of Pécs between 1219 and 1251, but he spent a significant part of this period on diplomatic missions. He returned to his family estates in 1247 and resigned from the bishopric some year before his death around 1254.
Life.
Early life.
Bartholomew was the third son of Henri le Gros, lord of Brancion and Uxelles in Burgundy by his wife, Beatrix of Vignory. A younger son, Bartholomew was dedicated to ecclesiastical carrier. He escorted Yolande de Courtaney, bride to King Andrew II of Hungary to her new homeland at the turn of 1216 and 1217.
King Andrew II appointed Bartholomew bishop of Pécs in 1219 after the death of Bishop Kalán. The canons of the cathedral chapter of Pécs attempted to prevent Bartholomew's installation by stating that he was too young for this position, but an official inquiry ordered by the Holy See ascertained that the new bishop had already attained 30 years, the age required by canon law. The same inquiry, however, revealed that Bartholomew's education was imperfect, so the pope ordered him to employ a magister until improving his knowledge. Bartholomew fulfilled this requirement in two years.
Bishop of Pécs.
He was appointed eight times between 1223 and 1239 to decide in court cases, which proves that he had by that time made himself master of canon law. Bartholomew himself was involved in a debate over the borders between his diocese and the archdiocese of Kalocsa. He even attempted to acquire the right of patronage over the abbey at Sremska Mitrovica (now in Serbia) by using a falsified charter.
Bartholomew established a monastery at the Saint James Hill at Pécs for the hermits, up to that time scattered in the Mecsek Hills. A short regulation allegedly written by Bishop Bartholomew for the monastery is presented in the 16th-century work on the history of the Order of Saint Paul the First Hermit by Gergely Gyöngyösi, but the authenticity of the text is debated. Bartholomew also built a parish church dedicated to Saint James which contributed to the formation of a core territory in Pécs, a town consisting of smaller independent communities. He accompanied Archbishop Robert of Esztergom to a group of Cumans who had decided to receive baptizm to the territories east of the Carpathian Mountains in 1227. He also assisted the military expeditions Duke Coloman of Slavonia launched against the heretics in Bosnia in the 1230s. Bartholomew's evangelical ardour is also reflected by the introduction of the Franciscans and Dominicans in Pécs in his time.
Bartholomew visited the court of Aragon four times between 1229 and 1235 in order to make arrangements for the planned marriage of Princess Yolanda of Hungary (a daughter of King Andrew II by Queen Yolanda) to King James I of Aragon. Moreover, Bartholomew prepared the first draft to the prenuptial agreement in 1233 and performed the ceremony in 1235. In the meantime, he also visited his homeland and made a donation of 12 marks of gold for the Cluny Abbey.
Along with other prelates, Bishop Bartholomew personally led his troops against the invading Mongols in the Battle of Mohi in 1241. He only escaped from the battlefield when he saw that the battle had been lost. Although the Mongols were chasing after the bishop, his life was saved by the intervention of Ladislaus from the kindred Kán, head of Somogy County. Bartholomew fled to Split in Dalmatia where he stayed with King Béla IV of Hungary and his family who also survived the second phase of the Mongol invasion in the seaside town. Following the withdrawal of the Mongols from Hungary, Bishop Bartholomew was often appointed by the monarch to lead diplomatic missions. First he unsuccessfully attempted to mediate a peace between Split and Trogir in 1244.
Last years.
King Béla IV sent Bartholomew to Lyon in 1247 in order to seek assistance from Pope Innocent IV against a planned new Mongol invasion. Back in his homeland, Bartholomew settled in his family estates and never returned to his see. He even decided to resigne his office in 1251.
Although the pope promised him a life annuity of 200 marks of silver from the revenues of the diocese of Pécs, Bartholomew did not receive this income for two years. Therefore he again visited the pope, now in Assisi (Italy). The pope, however, took into account the financial difficulties in Bartholomew's former diocese caused by the Mongol invasion and reduced his income to 100 marks of silver. The last record on the retired bishop is dated to the spring of 1254 when he sold three houses in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="36720793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720793" title="Tessore">
Tessore

Tessore was a state in Bengal that was independent at the start of the 17th century. In 1609 its ruler, Raja Pratapaditya, recognized the overlordship of the Mughal Emperor.

</doc>
<doc id="36720813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720813" title="Rienzenstock">
Rienzenstock

The Rienzenstock (2,962 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking the valley of the Reuss near Göschenen in the canton of Uri. It is the culminating point of the group lying west of the Fellilücke.

</doc>
<doc id="36720814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720814" title="North Wales Pioneer">
North Wales Pioneer

North Wales Pioneer.
The North Wales Pioneer is a regional weekly free publication for the towns of Colwyn Bay and Llandudno, and surrounding areas.
It is published by NWN Media every Wednesday. It is currently distributed to 25,064 homes in the area and has a total circulation of 25,235

</doc>
<doc id="36720837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720837" title="Elias Hicks Blackburn">
Elias Hicks Blackburn

Elias Hicks Blackburn (born 1827) was the first Latter-day Saint bishop of Provo and later served as a member of the Utah Territorial Legislature.
Blackburn was born in Bradford County, Pennsylvania. He became bishop of Provo when a ward was organized there in 1851. In 1859 he served a mission to Great Britain. In 1863 he was sent by Church leaders to Beaver County, Utah to serve as Sunday School superintendent. In 1879 he moved to Wayne County, Utah where he was again made bishop in 1880. In 1882 he was elected to represent Piute and Beaver Counties in the territorial legislature.

</doc>
<doc id="36720841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720841" title="Terence Nonweiler">
Terence Nonweiler

Terence Nonweiler (1925-1999) held a Chair of Aeronautical Engineering at Glasgow University and later became Dean of the Faculty of Engineering. He has been creditted with being the pioneer of wave-riding technology.
External links.
Papers of Terence Reginald Forbes Nonweiler, b.1925, engineer, Professor of Engineering (Aeronautics and Fluid Mechanics), University of Glasgow, Scotland, 1961-1975

</doc>
<doc id="36720854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720854" title="Henryka Łazowertówna">
Henryka Łazowertówna

Henryka Łazowertówna (; "in full" Henryka Wanda Łazowertówna); "also" Henryka Lazowert, or incorrectly Lazawert, (June 19, 1909, Warsaw – August 1942, Treblinka extermination camp) was a Polish lyric poet. While in general deeply personal in nature and of great emotive intensity, her poetry is not devoid of social concerns and patriotic overtones. She is considered one of the eminent Polish authors of Jewish descent.
To the reading public she is best known as the author of the famous poem "Mały szmugler" (The Little Smuggler), written in the Warsaw Ghetto "c."1941 and first published posthumously in 1947. The poem deals with the subject of a child struggling single-handedly to keep his family alive in the Ghetto by smuggling provisions from the "Aryan" side at the risk of his own life. A poem begins with the stanza also known from an adaptive translation provided by Richard C. Lukas. It reads as follows:
The original text of the poem, together with translations in English and in Hebrew, is today inscribed on the Memorial to the Child Victims of the Holocaust (Pomnik Pamięci Dzieci in Warsaw), serving as the epitaph for the million children murdered in the Holocaust.
Life.
Henryka Łazowertówna was the daughter of Maksymilian Łazowert and his wife Bluma. Her mother was a schoolteacher. Łazowertówna studied Polish and Romance philology at the University of Warsaw, and subsequently French literature at the University of Grenoble on a scholarship funded by the Polish interwar Government.
She was a very active member of the Warsaw section of the Polish Writers' Union, participating in the events organized by the institution, such as for example the conference commemorating the 10th anniversary of the death of the writer Stefan Żeromski in December 1935, an event during which she read from her works alongside such famous poets as Czesław Miłosz, Juljan Tuwim, and Kazimierz Wierzyński. Among the literary magazines of the day Łazowertówna collaborated principally with the literary journals "Droga" and "Pion". She was seen as being poetically close to the Skamander circle, publishing in her short life of 33 years two collections of poetry, "Zamknięty pokój" ("A Closed Room"), in which the Closed Room of the title poem is self-avowedly a metaphor for the person of the poet herself, and "Imiona świata" ("The Names the World is Known By"), whose programmatic poem fulfills the poet's promise of the earlier collection to sound a voice uniquely her own among the women poets of the interbellum period. "Zamknięty pokój" ("A Closed Room") was – in the words of the writer and a stern literary critic Karol Wiktor Zawodziński (18901949) – a manifestation of a particularly subtile poetic talent and an extraordinary intelligence, both struggling to break free of the magic circle of subjectivism and onto the rough and tough ferment of the world ("zamęt życia").
Politically speaking, Henryka Łazowertówna was known for her left-wing sympathies, a point on which she differed – in the opinion of Józef Łobodowski – from another famous poet of her generation, Zuzanna Ginczanka. However, her leftism was a condition of her sensitivity to social injustice and her moral rejection of all forms of oppression rather than an outcome of a political ideology. In contradistinction to Lucjan Szenwald, her contemporary, she remained fundamentally a lyric poet to the end.
Also unlike Ginczanka Łazowertówna was not a woman of extraordinary physical beauty, but she possessed charm and grace which, coupled with her simplicity of demeanour and straightforward attitude, made her in the eyes of those who knew her personally the embodiment of femininity. A certain simplicity and straightforwardness of style characterizes also her poetry. Łazowertówna never tried to project herself as other than she was. She lived in Warsaw with her mother in the ulica Sienna. She loved books, which she bought at a considerable harm to her meagre budget rather than using libraries because, as she explained, "when I tackle a book I do not part with it until I am finished, reading at meals, in bed... The book is with me at all times, I do not take a single step away from it, and such close companionship is possible only where a book does not repulse by its physical appearance ["sc." as many library books do]. I do prefer to read a book untouched by the hands of others, to cut the pages, to rejoice in the peculiar fragrance of the printer's ink."
Identity.
Biographer Eugenia Prokop-Janiec of Jagiellonian University asserts that it is the active antisemitism of the Polish society ("Gazeta Warszawska") in the 1930s that ultimately forced the writers and poets like Henryka Łazowertówna who never espoused any particular aspect of specifically Jewish identity while working in the Polish language, to align themselves with the Jewish community for the first time during either the Interbellum or the Second World War. Indeed, the hostility obtaining between the Jewish and non-Jewish communities in Poland receives an eloquent treatment in Łazowertówna's own fictional short story "Wrogowie" ("The Enemies"), published in 1938 – sixteen months before the outbreak of the Second World War – where she tells the story of two child hawkers of pretzels, the one Jewish the other Gentile, who with great animosity towards each other aggressively compete for custom until common misfortune counsels them to join forces in the cause of common good (see Works in Prose).
Other established Jewish writers enjoyed the utmost prestige in the country, such as Bolesław Leśmian, Julian Tuwim, Antoni Słonimski as well as other Jewish members and celebrated recipients of the Golden Laurel from the Polish Academy of Literature (PAL), thus making Łazowertówna's biography somewhat unique.
In the Warsaw Ghetto.
During the Nazi Germany's Invasion of Poland in September 1939 part of Łazowertówna's Warsaw apartment in the ulica Sienna, which she shared with her mother, was destroyed in the strategic bombing conducted by the Luftwaffe, but it was found possible to make the remaining quarters habitable again. (Łazowertówna's father had died of natural causes before the War.)
A year after the outbreak of the Second World War Henryka Łazowertówna found herself suddenly interned in the Warsaw Ghetto, like other residents of Jewish origin in the city, though without forced resettlement the ulica Sienna of her residence having been simply encircled by the borders of the so-called "Little Ghetto" (of the Ghetto's two parts, the North Side and the South Side, this was the South Side). As observed by Władysław Smólski (1909–1986), who visited her often during the first year of the War, the drama unfolding around her proved for Łazowertówna an opportunity to rise to the occasion displaying unhoped-for reserves of determination and strength. She immediately began collaboration with the Jewish charitable organization CENTOS whose mission was the care for orphan­ed or homeless children. Here she was recruited by Emanuel Ringelblum as a worker at his social-aid organization, the Żydowska Samopomoc Społeczna or "Aleynhilf". Her duties were those of a copy-writer for the various "ad hoc" utilitarian publications of that charitable institution (information leaflets, appeals for donations, etc.).
She was subsequently recruited by Ringelblum to staff the Oyneg Shabbos Archives also known as the Emanuel Ringelblum Archives in the UNESCO's Memory of the World Programme's Memory of the World Register where she distinguished herself in her work documenting the tragic vicissitudes of fate of refugees from various parts of Poland, having been praised by Ringelblum for her remarkable ability to bring to life and instill with vivid actuality the dry statistical facts recorded for the posterity by the organization about individual human beings.
In the Ghetto she continued to write poetry. Apart from the testimony to the realities of Ghetto life memorialized in the famous poem "Mały szmugler" (The Little Smuggler), there also survives (preserved in the Adam Mickiewicz Museum of Literature of Warsaw) the letter of Łazowertówna addressed to the poet Roman Kołoniecki (19061978) and dated September 6, 1941, a moving lyrical account of the Ghetto streets and the passersby to be encountered in them.
Łazowertówna had apparently no illusions that she needed outside help in order to survive: already in February or March 1940 ("i.e.", many months before the creation of the Ghetto), she enlisted the services of Ludwik Brandstaetter, the father of the well-known writer Roman Brandstaetter, in approaching a mutual Polish poet-friend with a request for assistance with resettlement in Cracow, a city which she believed would offer her anonymity and hence greater security. One last (bitter) comment on the ultimate fate of Łazowertówna is offered by Emanuel Ringelblum himself:
However, Władysław Smólski reports that when it became clear in the course of 1941 that the Ghetto would be eventually closed off from the outside world, many of Łazowertówna's friends counselled her to leave the precinct (together with her mother) while this was still possible, offering to find a safe house for the two of them. She apparently refused to do so, arguing that she was needed by the most unfortunate of beings, the children, orphaned or homeless, from whom she cared at the time.
During the so-called "Großaktion Warschau", the mass deportations of the Warsaw Ghetto population to the Treblinka extermination camp conducted by the Nazis between July and September 1942, Henryka Łazowertówna of her own free will accompanied her mother to the Umschlagplatz or the railway loading-dock that served as a point of departure for the victims being sent to their deaths at Treblinka gas chambers some 84 kilometres to the north-east as the crow flies. The organization that employed her, the "Aleynhilf", attempted to rescue Łazowertówna from being included in the transport, but when she learned that she would have to leave her mother behind Łazowertówna declined the assistance being offered to her alone.

</doc>
<doc id="36720866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720866" title="Gabriel Leung">
Gabriel Leung

Gabriel Matthew Leung, GBS, JP (, born 1973 in Hong Kong) was recently appointed Dean of the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine of the University of Hong Kong, and Master of Chi Sun College at the HKU Jockey Club Student Village III.
. He was the former Director of Office of the Chief Executive of Hong Kong from 2011-12. He served as the Under Secretary for Food and Health for York Chow from 2008-11.
Background.
Leung studied at Wah Yan College in Hong Kong and later at Stonyhurst College in the United Kingdom. After that, he moved to Canada, where he received his medical degree from University of Western Ontario, master from Harvard University, and Ph.D. from University of Hong Kong. In 1999, Leung joined Faculty of Medicine, University of Hong Kong, which now known as Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine. He was promoted to regular professor in 2006.
In 2008, Leung became the Under Secretary for Food and Health for York Chow. He was appointed as the next Director of Office of the Chief Executive after Raymond Tam in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36720886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720886" title="Piotr Bielczyk">
Piotr Bielczyk

Piotr Bielczyk (born 17 February 1952 in Warsaw) is a former Polish javelin thrower. He finished 4th in the javelin throw at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36720892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720892" title="2012 International Championship">
2012 International Championship

The 2012 International Championship was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place between 28 October and 4 November 2012 at the Sichuan International Tennis Center in Chengdu, China. It was the fourth ranking event of the 2012/2013 season, and the fifth ranking tournament in China. It was named as the "first overseas 'major'", as the tournament had the same level of ranking points as the UK Championship.
Judd Trump won the third ranking title of his career by defeating Neil Robertson 10–8 in the final. Trump also became the world number one as a result of reaching the final.
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below:
Wildcard round.
These matches were played in Chengdu on 28 and 29 October 2012.
Qualifying.
These matches took place between 19 and 22 August 2012 at the World Snooker Academy in Sheffield, England.

</doc>
<doc id="36720904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720904" title="Sindicato Angolano dos Camponeses e Operários">
Sindicato Angolano dos Camponeses e Operários

Sindicato Angolano dos Camponeses e Operários ('Angolan Trade Union of Peasants and Workers', abbreviated SINDACO) was a trade union in Angola. SINDACO was linked to UNITA.
SINDACO was founded at a congress held April 24–25, 1975 where the CNTA and merged with the UNITA-aligned UGTA. The International Confederation of Free Trade Unions was represented at the event.
SINDACO remained based mainly in the Ovimbundu-dominated cities of Huambo and Lobito, whilst being marginalized in Luanda (where MPLA was monopolizing control over the trade union movement). SINDACO activities were disrupted by the Angolan Civil War. In Lobito SINDACO was led by Jorge Valemtim.

</doc>
<doc id="36720911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720911" title="Meadow Hall School">
Meadow Hall School

Meadow Hall School is a school, junior school and college in Lekki, Lagos, Nigeria. It was founded in July 2002 and offers a combination of the British National Curriculum and the Nigerian Curriculum.
Meadow Hall was founded by Mrs. Kehinde Nwani. The school is primarily a British curriculum school but makes sure it incorporates the Nigerian culture as well. It always makes reference to the ROOTS and prides itself in the 5(originally 4) values: CHRIST, Care, Culture, Cleanliness and Creativity.
It has facilities such as a swimming pool, trampoline, tennis court, basket ball court, and turf that are used for sporting events, recreational purposes and community events such as weddings and conferences. 

</doc>
<doc id="36720925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720925" title="Tim Andrew">
Tim Andrew

Tim Andrew is an American film director, television director and television producer. His television directing credits include "Black Scopion", "Son of the Beach", "Undressed", "Mix It Up", "Supernatural" and "Teen Wolf", where he is currently a supervising producer and frequent director along with Russell Mulcahy. 
He also worked as an assistant director on a number of feature films and as supervising producer on the television series "Home James!", reality series "", "Joan & Melissa: Joan Knows Best?" and the Tyler Perry-directed films "Meet the Browns", "The Family That Preys", "Why Did I Get Married Too?" and "For Colored Girls".

</doc>
<doc id="36720932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720932" title="Ed Daein">
Ed Daein

El Daein, also spelled Ad Du'ayn, Ad Da `en, Ed Da` ein, Ed Da'ein, (Arabic: الضعين) is a city located in south-western Sudan at an altitude of 1476 feet (449 meters) above sea level. It lies about 831 km from Khartoum, and has population of about three hundred thousand people. 
El Daein is the capital of East Darfur State, and is Located at the crossroads between the states of Darfur and the capital, Khartoum, and between them and the states of Kordofan in central Sudan. 
Distance from El Daein to Nyala City, South Darfur State, accounts 157.4 kilometres, and 180.6 km to al-Mijlad in South Kordofan state.
Transports.
The city is linked by rail to Khartoum in the east and Nyala city to the west, and it is a center of local trade in wheat, peanuts, barley, and livestock.
The city is served by the Ed Daein Airport .

</doc>
<doc id="36720933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720933" title="Focus Daily News">
Focus Daily News

The Focus Daily News is a daily newspaper published in DeSoto, Texas, covering Dallas County. It is owned by Publishers Newspapers.
The newspaper has a daily circulation of 28,065 and a Sunday circulation of 36,297. "Focus Daily New"s is the largest circulation suburban daily newspaper in Texas. 

</doc>
<doc id="36720951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720951" title="Partition alignment">
Partition alignment

Partition alignment may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36720952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720952" title="Elizabeth Wayland Barber">
Elizabeth Wayland Barber

Elizabeth Wayland Barber is an American author and expert on textiles, as well as Professor emerita of archaeology and linguistics at Occidental College. 
Early life.
Wayland Barber earned a bachelor's degree from Bryn Mawr College in archaeology in 1963, and she earned her PhD from Yale University in linguistics in 1968.
Books.
Her books include "Prehistoric Textiles: The Development of Cloth in the Neolithic and Bronze Ages with Special Reference to the Aegean" (1992), "Women's Work: The First 20,000 Years; Women, Cloth, and Society in Early Times" (1995), "The Mummies of Ürümchi" (2000), "When They Severed Earth from Sky: How the Human Mind Shapes Myth" (2004, coauthor with Paul T. Barber) and "The Dancing Goddesses: Folklore, Archaeology, and the Origins of European Dance" (2013).
Among other things, she has proposed that if 19th-century scientists had thought to name prehistorical periods with an eye on women’s work and the things they invented, instead of focusing their naming only on men’s more durable inventions (Iron Age, Bronze Age, etc.), that they might have acknowledged women's invention of string as what she has named “The String Revolution.”
Personal life.
In addition to her academic work, as of 2009 she has directed and choreographed for her own folk and historical dance troupe for 38 years.

</doc>
<doc id="36720956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720956" title="Langfjordbotn, Alta">
Langfjordbotn, Alta

Langfjordbotn () is a village in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. Langfjordbotn is located at the innermost end of the Langfjorden, a part of the main Altafjorden. Langfjordbotn has a population (2012) of 114 residents. The village lies along the European route E06 highway, just east of the municipal (and county) border with Kvænangen. Langfjord Church lies about northeast of the centre of the village, on the north shore of the fjord.
Langfjordbotn is known for its lush nature, and good conditions for growing potatoes and berries. Langfjordbotn is a popular destination for tourists from all over the world, most on their way to the North Cape, but many stay an extra day. In Bognelvdalen, a valley at the end of the fjord, there is an old tourist attraction called "Bubbelen". "Bubbelen" is the exit of an underground river, where the water comes gushing out and running into the river Bognelv, and is most spectacular in the spring when the flow of water is strongest. 
There are five dairy farms, together with the local school and community center in Langfjordbotn. In addition to farming, there are some family-run tourism businesses as well as the "Finnmarkskollektivet" which deals with adolescents with substance abuse problems. The fjord is a versatile area for outdoor activities with the nearby fjords, plains, mountains, forests, and marshes. In winter, there are excellent conditions for skiing, summit hikes, snowmobile driving and sled dog racing.
The German battleship "Scharnhorst" had its base there during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="36720969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720969" title="Ovivora">
Ovivora

Ovivora is a genus in the phylum Apicomplexa.
History.
This genus was created by Mackinnon and Ray in 1937.
This species was earlier described by Lankester and named "Monocystis thalassemae".
Taxonomy.
There is one species recognised in this genus.
Description.
This species infects the eggs of the echiuroid worm ("Thalassema neptuni"). This occurs while the eggs are within the genital pouches (nephridial sacs). 
Schizogony and sporogony both occur within the eggs. 
The mature sexual parasites are vermiform and immobile. The males are smaller than the females. The microgametocyte, when it becomes spherical, gives rise to numerous, elongate microgametes. These are similar to those of "Aggregata".
The oocysts have many sporocysts, each with up to 12 sporozoites.
The number of chromosomes appears to be seven.

</doc>
<doc id="36720981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720981" title="Flottenschule &quot;Walter Steffens&quot;">
Flottenschule &quot;Walter Steffens&quot;

The fleet school Flottenschule "Walter Steffens" in Parow, Germany was the training center for non-commissioned officers and men of the Volksmarine (People's Navy) of the German Democratic Republic. It was established in 1950 as the Seepolizeischule Parow (Naval Police School Parow) and renamed on December 1, 1970 after its founder as Fleet School Walter Steffens. It was disbanded after German reunification in 1990. In 1992 the Marinetechnikschule (Naval Engineering School) of the Bundesmarine (German Navy) was established on this site.
History.
On March 1, 1950, Seepolizei-Inspektors (Maritime Police Inspector) Walter Steffens received an order to rebuild a naval police school on a former WWII naval aviaion field (Seefliegerhorst) in Parow. The first recruits arrived on August 1, 1950 which marked the official opening date of the school. Walter Steffens was the first Director of the school and on December 1, 1970 the school was given the traditions name of "Walter Steffens" to honor him.
Between 1950 and 1990 all sailors and non-commissioned officers of the people's Navy trained at this school. The training periods for non-commissioned officers and sailors were from 6 to 10 months. In 1984, training times were reduced to 2 months.
Under Order the Chief of the Volksmarine 96/90 the Flottenschule "Walter Steffens" was disbanded on 3 October 1990, and was not transferred to the Bundeswehr. The site has been used since 1992 by the Bundesmarine Marinetechnikschule (Naval Engineering School).
Since the 1970s training was offered at Parnow in the following fields:
Various training ships were used at the school, to include:

</doc>
<doc id="36720993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720993" title="Ivan Barma">
Ivan Barma

Ivan Barma (Иван Барма), together with Postnik Yakovlev, was one of the architects and builders of Saint Basil's Cathedral on Red Square in Moscow (built between 1555 and 1560).
Honors.
A large 128 km wide crater on the planet Mercury is named Barma in honor of the architect.

</doc>
<doc id="36720995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720995" title="Manheru">
Manheru

Manheru village is the largest village in Bhiwani MLA Constituency. It is one of the villages of "Panwar 32isi" i.e. there are 32 villages in Bhiwani District where major community is Thakurs with surname "Panwar"or "Parmar", 60% of the population is Thakur.Manheru is the birth place of freedom fighter and Haryana chief minister Sh. Banarashi Das Gupt, Amar saheed sh.Sant Lal Sabharwal who fight with china in 1962. It has one of the oldest Railway station.
The major occupation here is agriculture even though it is one of the dry area of Bhiwani District.
People of Manheru -
late Sh. Banarashi Das Gupt-Former chief minister of haryana.
Sukhvir Sabharwal-Textile Technocrat.
Culture is mix of Haryanvi & Rajasthani.
Coordinates: 28°42'26"N 76°13'1"E
Demographics of 2011 of Dhareru.
As of 2011 India census, Manheru had a population of 8214 in 1566 households. Males (4450) constitute 53.83% of the population and females (3764) 46.16%. Manheru has an average literacy(5343) rate of 63.37%, lower than the national average of 74%: male literacy(3235) is 60.71%, and female literacy(2108) is 39.28% of total literates. In Manheru, 13.71% of the population is under 6 years of age (1136).

</doc>
<doc id="36721000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721000" title="Kettering Conference Centre">
Kettering Conference Centre

The Kettering Conference Centre is a multi-functional sports and conference centre located in Kettering, Northamptonshire. It is also the location of Volleyball England's National Volleyball Centre, and the 560 seat Lighthouse Theatre.
History.
The Kettering Conference Centre is a part-government, part council, part privately funded multi-functional business, sports and arts venue and facility, run and managed by Balance Health Clubs on behalf of itself and Kettering Borough Council.
As such, parts of the centre are privately operated, and parts are funded or subsidised by the council.
Conference facilities.
The conference venue can accommodate meetings from 5 to 1,500 attendees in fully serviced rooms, supplied by associated catering facilities, plus a lakeside terrace and bar.
A licensed civil wedding facility, the wedding and reception venue can accommodate up to 200 people.
Arena Sports.
The Arena Sports and Leisure Centre is a council-funded sports facility for local people, run and operated by Balance Health Clubs. It provides:
Kids Kingdom.
An integrated fully air-conditioned children's activity centre, with activities across four levels that include: rides, slides, climbing wall, and trampolines. It is accessible via a one-price ticket for up to two hours, from 9:30 am to 6:30 pm daily.
National Volleyball Centre.
Made possible with a grants from Kettering Borough Council, Northamptonshire Enterprise Ltd, the East Midlands Development Agency and the Kettering Conference Centre, the four year agreement came into place in November 2010.
The facility houses both National Volleyball Centre, as well as home of Volleyball England's national men's and women's volleyball squads, and several national competitions.
Lighthouse theatre.
The Lighthouse Theatre was a £2 million extension to the existing facility, with a £250,000 subsidy from Kettering's Council Tax payers.
The theatre provides a 562-tiered-seat auditorium and balcony (400 tiered seats at ground-floor level; 138 tiered in the balcony; six private boxes each with four seats and a fridge), complimented by modern lighting and sound equipment. With a larger than normal designed stage, the theatre is designed as a flexible space for use either as a theatre or to accommodate conferences, presentations, award ceremonies and product launches.
The Lighthouse Theatre opened on 6 March 2008.
Transport.
Situated alongside the A14 road at Junction 8, which links the A1, M1 and M6, the centre has over 600 car parking places.
Rail services operated by East Midlands Trains depart every 30 minutes from to St Pancras International railway station, with an average journey time on the Midland Main Line of 59 minutes. St Pancras also provides an interchange with the Eurostar service to France and Belgium. Kettering is linked to Corby, Leicester, Nottingham, Derby and Sheffield to the north and Wellingborough, Bedford, Luton to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="36721003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721003" title="List of rivers of Mauritania">
List of rivers of Mauritania

This is a list of rivers in Mauritania. This list is arranged by drainage basin, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name.

</doc>
<doc id="36721008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721008" title="James Thaddeus Hammond">
James Thaddeus Hammond

James Thaddeus Hammond (born 1856) was the first Secretary of State of Utah. 
Hammond was born in Farmington, Utah Territory, in 1856. He was baptized as a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in 1864. From 1881 to 1882 he served as a Mormon missionary in the Southern States Mission. He was a lawyer and also involved in business. In 1884 and 1886 he served in the Utah Territorial Senate. In 1895, he was elected Secretary of State and was reelected in 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="36721013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721013" title="Samuel Cole (settler)">
Samuel Cole (settler)

Samuel Cole (c. 1597 – 1666/7) was an early settler of Boston in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, arriving with the Winthrop Fleet in 1630. He was an innkeeper and confectioner, and in 1634 established the first house of entertainment in the colony, called the "Three Mariners".
Born by 1597, Cole and his family arrived in New England with John Winthrop in 1630, and established themselves on the Shawmut Peninsula, which soon became the town of Boston. He and his wife Ann were among the earliest members of the Boston church, having joined in the autumn of 1630. He opened the first tavern in the area on 4 March 1634 in what later became downtown Boston, but in 1645 relocated his business to the future Merchants Row between State Street and Faneuil Hall. Cole's establishment was a center of social and political life in Boston, and Governor Henry Vane had brought the Narragansett Indian sachem Miantonomoh, with his retinue, for a meal there. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow included Cole and his house of entertainment in his play "John Endicott" set in the early 1660s.
As a member of the Boston Church, Cole was caught up in the Antinomian Controversy that shook the young colony between 1636 and 1638. He signed a petition in support of the minister John Wheelwright who was banished from the colony, and after being threatened with losing his weapons, he signed a remission, calling his support of Wheelwright an error. While during the early days of the colony Cole was considered well off, and contributed to various causes, by 1661 he was suffering financial losses and in June of that year was granted 300 acres of land for being a respected and useful member of the community. Cole was married three times, and had at least four children, all with his first wife, Ann. His son, John, married Susanna, the only person to survive the massacre killing her famed mother, Anne Hutchinson, and many of her siblings. Cole wrote his will in December 1666, and died in Boston shortly thereafter, with his will being proved the following February.
Life.
Samuel Cole, born by about 1597, arrived in Boston in the Massachusetts Bay Colony with the Winthrop Fleet in 1630, being accompanied by his wife Ann, and likely all four of his known children. Several online accounts say that Cole was from Mersea in Essex, but it was the first husband of his second wife who came from that place, and Anderson finds no evidence supporting this provenance for him. He and his wife joined the Boston church as members #42 and #43, this indicating that they joined in the autumn of 1630. He requested to be made a freeman on 19 October 1630, and took the freeman's oath the following May.
Boston magistrate John Winthrop wrote in his journal under the date 4 March 1634 that "Samuel Cole set up the first house for common entertainment," this being the first tavern or inn in the colony. While claims have been made that this was the first tavern in the American colonies, there is evidence that it was predated by about 20 years in Jamestown, Virginia. The establishment is commonly called Cole's Inn, but was called the "Three Mariners" by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow in his play, "John Endicott". Cole, besides being called an innkeeper, styled himself as a confectioner and "comfitmaker" in several deeds. In August 1636 he attended a meeting of the town's wealthier inhabitants, and donated 10 shillings towards the maintenance for a master of a free school. Also in 1636, the colony's governor, Henry Vane brought the Narragansett Indian sachem Miantonomoh, with his retinue, to Boston, and they were served a meal there. Drake, wondering how the guests were seated since the natives were not accustomed to chairs, surmised that they all sat on the floor in a circle, with the pot of meat placed in the middle.
As with most members of the Boston church, Cole became caught up in the events of the Antinomian Controversy in 1636 and 1637, and signed a petition on behalf of the Reverend John Wheelwright who was later banished from the colony. On 20 November 1637 Cole was disarmed for this participation, and rather than give up his weapons, he, two days later, was the first to sign an acknowledgment that "it was ill done, and unwarrantably, as transgressing therein the rule of due honor to authority, and of modesty, and submission in private persons, and therefore I desire my name may be put out of it."
On the last day of February 1638, Cole sold the southern part of a new mansion house in Boston where he "lately dwelled" to Captain Robert Sedgwicke of Charlestown for £200. The other half of the house was "assured to" Thomas Mariott and others. This same year the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company was founded, and he was one of its charter members. On 20 May 1645 Cole sold his inn to George Halsell, and on the same day bought another property of Valentine Hill where he opened a new inn. The location of this new establishment relative to later landmarks was on the west side of Merchants Row, about midway between State Street and Faneuil Hall. Frank Cole called it "a famous old inn entertained many of the illustrious guests of the time," and also noted that Samuel Cole "had the usual experience of the publican under the rule of the Puritan" and was fined several times for overcharging his customers and had his license taken away for a time.
In addition to being the proprietor of an inn, Cole was briefly active in the affairs of the town, and from 1653 to 1657 he served as a Boston selectman, as well as being a sealer of weights and measures in 1654. While during the early days of the colony Cole was considered well off, and contributed to various causes, by 1661 he was suffering financial losses. In June of that year the General Court made a grant to him, stating that "considering that Mr. Cole was an ancient adventurer in the public stock and hath been long out of his money, been at great charges and loss in this business, hath approved himself respective and serviceable to the Court, the Court judgeth it meet to grant Mr. Samuel Cole three hundred acres..." Cole wrote his will on 21 December 1666, and died shortly thereafter, with the will proven the following February.
In literature.
Cole is featured during a scene in Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's play entitled "John Endicott", about the Bay colony's sometimes fiery governor. The play takes place in the early 1660s, shortly after four Quakers, known as the Boston martyrs, have been executed in Boston. During a conversation at Cole's Inn, Cole discusses his house of entertainment. The reference to Lord Leigh concerns the time when Lord Ley, Earl of Marlborough visited Boston, shortly after Henry Vane lost the governorship to John Winthrop in May 1637. Though invited to lodge at Winthrop's house, the young aristocrat preferred to stay at Cole's Inn, saying that it was well governed, and that he could be as private there as elsewhere. This was one of many slights endured by Winthrop during the colony's difficulties from 1636 to 1638.
Family.
Cole's first wife, Ann, died shortly after their arrival in New England, by one account, but certainly before October 1647, at which time Cole was married to the widow Margaret Green, a daughter-in-law of Isaac Green of Mersey, Essex, England. Following the death of his second wife, he married in Boston on 16 October 1660 Ann (Mansfield) Keayne, the widow of Robert Keayne. Ann's sister Elizabeth was the wife of Boston minister John Wilson. Ann and Elizabeth are descended from King Edward III of England through their father, John Mansfield, and paternal grandmother, Anne Eure.
Cole's children were all with his first wife, and very likely all born in England. Catherine (born roughly 1622) married Edmund Gross and Elizabeth (born roughly 1624) married Edward Weeden, the son of Samuel. The only known son, John (born 1625), married in Boston on 30 December 1651 Susanna Hutchinson, the only child of William and Anne Hutchinson to survive the Indian massacre in New Netherland that killed her mother and many of her siblings. Susanna had been taken captive for several years before being returned to family members in Boston. The Hutchinsons had been very close neighbors of the Coles in Boston before Mrs. Hutchinson was forced to leave the Massachusetts Bay Colony in early 1638 following the events of the Antinomian Controversy. The fourth child of Samuel and Ann Cole was Mary (born roughly 1628) who first married a Mr. "Gawdren" (a name not known in early New England at this time and possibly a corruption of another name), and married second on 7 January 1652/3 Edmund Jackson. Among Cole's well known descendants, through his son John, are Stephen Arnold Douglas, who lost to Abraham Lincoln in the 1860 presidential election, and Willard Mitt Romney, who lost to incumbent Barack Obama in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36721026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721026" title="Woodstock Library">
Woodstock Library

The Woodstock Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library in southeast Portland, Oregon, United States. The library's origins date back to 1908, when the people of the Woodstock neighborhood established a reading room at the Woodstock Fire Station, which soon became one of fifteen "deposit stations" (packing crates that turned into two-shelf bookcases and could hold up to 50 books each). The Woodstock collection began as an assemblage of children's books and was housed within a public school. In 1911, the station was replaced by a "sub-branch" library offering more books for adults and children, but without the reference works and services available at regular branches. The collection moved into a larger facility in 1914, which became a full branch in 1917, offering additional resources and services.
The library occupied a series of temporary locations during the 1920s–'40s. Construction began on Woodstock's permanent library building in 1959. It was dedicated on June 1 the following year, the fourth community library built by Multnomah County. Until the mid-1990s the library was maintained as-is with only regular maintenance, though capacity strained as public use grew and new technologies demanded additional shelf space. In 1995, the City of Portland's Bureau of Planning released the "Adopted Woodstock Neighborhood Plan", which included a policy to improve the branch and its services. In 1996, the county adopted a $28 million bond measure to renovate some branches and upgrade technology throughout the system. Given multiple issues with the existing building, including structural problems and non-compliance with building codes, Multnomah County Library determined reconstruction was necessary. The library was demolished in January 1999.
The current Woodstock Library building was completed in 2000. It has a "lantern-like" quality and has received multiple awards for its design. In addition to offering the Multnomah County Library catalog, which contains two million books, periodicals and other materials, the library houses collections in Chinese and Spanish and employs Chinese-speaking staff.
Early history.
In 1906, the Multnomah County Library began distributing books to neighborhoods outside downtown Portland. A reading room was established in the Woodstock neighborhood's fire station building in 1908; later that year it was recognized as a branch of Multnomah County Library. Deposit stations, containing packing crates that turned into two-shelf bookcases holding up to 50 books each, were often set up within fire stations or private homes. Woodstock received its deposit station, a collection of children's books housed within a public school, in 1909, becoming one of fifteen outlying service areas. On May 16, 1911, the Woodstock deposit station was replaced by a sub-branch library, supplying more reading material for adults and children but without the reference works and other library services offered at regular branches. The collection was moved to a larger storefront facility, west of SE 44th on SE Woodstock Boulevard, on September 12, 1914. The library achieved full branch status in 1917, offering a collection and services comparable to other branches. In 1918, the Woodstock branch and several others were threatened with closure after employees received a $10 per month salary increase, but funding sources helped to defray the additional expense. Along with other county libraries, the branch closed between November 1 and November 16 in response to the 1918 flu pandemic.
During the 1920s–'40s the library occupied a series of temporary locations within rented storefronts. Library resources and services were used heavily by unemployed residents during the Great Depression as well as during and after World War II, as people requested information ranging from foreign locales to victory gardens to jobs. In the 1950s, responding to population changes and the rise in automobile use, Multnomah County Library divided the county into six regions, each of which had a single "Class A" branch offering extended operating hours and full services. Deposit stations and smaller branch libraries were to be eliminated or merged to house larger collections.
Original building.
Multnomah County Library decided to consolidate the Woodstock and Sellwood-Moreland branches, both of which had struggled to operate in rented spaces for years. Construction of Woodstock's first permanent library building, located at 6008 SE 49th Avenue, began in 1959. The new library, measuring , was dedicated on June 1 the following year, the fourth community library built by Multnomah County. The president of the Library Association of Portland wrote in the organization's annual report: "Community response to this fine example of an adequate extension agency has been gratifying. This accelerated use fortifies the principle that excellent, strong book collections, strategically placed, provide economical and satisfactory extension service."
The library received regular maintenance and refurbishment from the 1970s through the mid-1990s, including repairs following a small fire. Capacity became strained as video and audiobook collections demanded additional shelf space and public use continued to grow. In 1995, the City of Portland's Bureau of Planning released the "Adopted Woodstock Neighborhood Plan", which included a policy to enhance the branch. Objectives included promoting its use, upgrading the facility and its services, improving cyclist and pedestrian access, and strengthening its cultural and educational role within the community. In May 1996, Multnomah County voters passed a $28 million bond measure to renovate some branches and upgrade technology throughout the system. Multnomah County Library determined building reconstruction was necessary given multiple issues including electrical, lighting, mechanical, plumbing and structural problems, mold growth within the walls and underneath flooring, and non-compliance with earthquake engineering and Americans with Disabilities Act codes. Cost analysis revealed reconstruction was more effective than repairing the existing structure; additional factors included data and communications upgrades and the need for meeting space. Woodstock Library closed on January 17, 1999 and was demolished soon after. Many of its building materials were recycled or salvaged for reuse.
Current building.
The current Woodstock Library building is at the intersection of one commercial street (SE Woodstock Boulevard) and one tree-lined residential street (SE 49th), which links to the Woodstock School and Woodstock Park. Measuring , it opened on March 14, 2000, the first branch within the Multnomah County Library system to undergo complete reconstruction. Architects were Folger Johnson and Donald Mayer as well as Thomas Hacker and Associates P.C. (also referred to as Thomas Hacker Architects Inc. or THA Architecture). Becca Cavell served as project architect, project manager and construction administrator. Some of the building's architectural features were designed by the engineering firm Degenkolb Engineers. Contractor services were provided by McCarthy Building Companies, Inc.
Designers had in mind a "lantern-like" quality for the library, "open, light and inviting". THA said the goal was to create a "feeling of openness and availability", with a focus on "books and people". Most of the library's collection is housed within a single large room level with the sidewalk outside. The building has an exposed gridded steel roof high, supported by six pairs of slender steel columns and lined with windows. From several column options, Degenkolb chose cantilevered columns designed in a cruciform shape, built from four steel angles measuring . The columns taper from the top and provide even distribution of loads, protecting the structure against wind and earthquakes without lateral bracing (or the need for supporting walls). The library features a 32-person capacity meeting room for hosting community events at no charge on a first come, first served basis. The building houses original artwork, including a work by Margot Voorhies-Thompson and, at the entrance, a 15-line poem by Kim Stafford titled "Open This Door of All Doors". The exterior includes 36 stainless steel panels etched with words depicting the history of books.
Kari Hauge became the first librarian of the new facility. In addition to offering the Multnomah County Library catalog of two million books, periodicals and other materials, the Woodstock Library houses collections in Chinese and Spanish and employs Chinese-speaking staff. Self-checkout stations and radio frequency identification gates were installed in July 2010.
The current building has received several design awards. In 2000, the American Institute of Steel Construction awarded Degenkolb with the I.D.E.A.S. Merit Award for quality structural engineering. Thomas Hacker Architects was presented with the 2002 AIA Regional Honor Award by the Northwest and Pacific Region of the American Institute of Architects through its Design Awards Program; jurors noted the library's "rigorous but poetic" structure and its "outstanding tectonic harmony, from the smallest scale of details to the basic design concept". The building also received the 2000 AIA Portland Chapter Honor Award, the 2000 Portland General Electric EarthSmart Award, the 2001 AIA American Library Association Award of Excellence (for its "simple and elegant design") and the 2002 Chicago Athenaeum American Architecture Award. The Illuminating Engineering Society of North America presented an award for the library's quality lighting design. Ginnie Cooper, director of libraries for Multnomah County, said of the recognition: "Library users love this building and we're pleased with how much the architectural community has applauded it as well."
The Woodstock Library became a model project for library branch reconstruction in the region. Other libraries designed and built by Thomas Hacker include the Beaverton City Library, the Belmont Library, the Bend Library and the Penrose Library (Whitman College).
Community role.
Over the years both Woodstock Library buildings have hosted numerous activities, clubs, events and programs. According to the "Adopted Woodstock Neighborhood Plan", the Woodstock Library and Woodstock Community Center enhance the Village Center's role within the community as a "gathering place". Recent examples include appearances by actors and authors, a clown show, "conversation circles" for non-native English speakers, crafting, cultural celebrations, knitting groups, a mobile zoo, and neighborhood organization meetings and storytelling. The library has also hosted town hall meetings and served as a ballot drop-off site during elections.
References.
Works cited

</doc>
<doc id="36721037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721037" title="HiphopLE">
HiphopLE

HiphopLE is a Korean online music magazine which was founded in November 2010 by Heman. The magazine mostly focuses on "Urban music" such as hip-hop and R&B. Its goal is to improve the understanding and provide easier approach for Korean people to urban music. It provides World-wide news, subtitled music videos, editorials, interviews, and also hosts various events such as album sales and concerts.
The name "HiphopLE" stands for "Hiphop Limited Edition" and the slogan is "One Step Closer to Hiphop and R&B Music", which plays as an intro on the most of the video that LE presents. The voice is recorded by Kayla J.Yoo, the editor of HiphopLE.
History.
Since 2009, Heman had been running his blog called "heQmentary", which provided up-to-date hip-hop & R&B news outside of Korea, and eventually, he came to a point where he wanted a well-organized website. After recruiting a few editorial writers and translators for the English lyrics, he designed and made the page to open the site in November 2010.
The site was initially known for its fast hip-hop news and its translated subtitled music videos, attracting many visitors. As the time went on, HiphopLE expanded its range of materials from only American and other foreign musics, to both foreign and Korean Hip-hop and R&B music. On top of that, they also continued to recruit more writers to upload various contents.
Components.
HiphopLE is made of following menus:
Characteristics.
HiphopLE has its own unique ways of surging in the online music scene and one of them is by using social network like Twitter and Facebook to reach out to the visitors and to gather informations. This allowed HiphopLE to engage in many discussions with the members of itself and to share their opinions about urban music culture.
Contents.
The News is most recognized by the fact that it delivers up-to-date news, faster than any other Korean web magazines. Magazine corner provides many different articles, ranging from Hip-Hop to soul, funk, and other genres in urban music. Several editorials are uploaded to help listeners to have better understanding of urban music and to stimulate their interest for it.
Subtitled music videos and special clips, one of the site's strengths, features various music videos, concert clips, documentaries, etc. subtitled in Korean. As of August 2012, HiphopLE made over 1000 subtitled movies, most of them American Hip-hop and R&B while some of them are Chinese and Japanese.
Music Salon started three months later after the website opened. It started out as an interview in which interviewee recommends the music he likes, but slowly changed into detailed and profound interview. In the beginning, interviewees were mainly Korean artists such as Crown J, Verbal Jint, or San E, but recently, artists outside of Korea, such as B.o.B, Torae, Musiq Soulchild, Trae Tha Truth, etc. have been interviewed also. In April 2012, Spotlight corner was added to the menu to introduce especially rookies in the scene.
Art Of Hiphop is internet radio podcasts show that HiphopLE started in November 2012. Heman, the founder of HiphopLE hosts it with other editors of HiphopLE such as Bluc, NateDogg, Sedative, Kancho, Greenplaty, Kayla and Soulitude. The show consists hot issues in Hip-hop music industry, editor's choice of an album or single.
HiphopLE The Magazine has launched on Kakao Page, a new monetized content platform optimized for mobile devices, in June 2013. It is ranked in the Top 15 selling of Kakao Page, on the first day of launching.
LE Talk Concert.
LE Talk Concert is directed by SoulfulMonster, the former member and editor in HiphopLE. It started in May 2012, with the first guest being MC Meta. The concert was intended to stage a talk show like those broadcast on TV, but with the guests from the hip hop scene and ask them funny and sometimes serious questions. As of August 2012, three concerts have been held, with more to come. It is currently sponsored by Korean Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism, as part of "Pop Music Concert Project".

</doc>
<doc id="36721042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721042" title="Luís Carlos Almada Soares">
Luís Carlos Almada Soares

Luís Carlos Almada Soares, commonly known as Platini (born 16 April 1986), is a Cape Verdean footballer who plays as a winger for CSKA Sofia.
He spent most of his professional career in Portugal, and chose his name in honour of French international Michel Platini.
Club career.
Born in Praia, Platini started playing football with local Sporting Clube da Praia. In 2008 he moved to Portugal, signing for Associação Académica de Coimbra. 
Platini never appeared officially for the Students, who loaned him to two third division clubs in consecutive seasons, G.D. Tourizense and Sertanense FC. In 2010 he signed a three-year contract with C.D. Santa Clara, in the second level. 
Platini appeared in 19 games for the Azores club in his first year, eleven as a substitute. One of his two goals came on 31 October 2010 in a 2–0 home win against C.F. Os Belenenses. 
On 22 June 2013 Platini moved to Cyprus, joining AC Omonia.
International career.
Platini made his debut for Cape Verde in 2012. He scored the Blue Sharks' first goal in the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations – also a first-ever in the tournament – opening the scoring in the 1–1 draw against Morocco in Durban.

</doc>
<doc id="36721050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721050" title="Sun, West Virginia">
Sun, West Virginia

Sun is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36721052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721052" title="Foxygen">
Foxygen

Foxygen is an American indie rock duo originally formed in Westlake Village, California, in 2005 by Jonathan Rado and Sam France.
History.
Rado and France started the band in high school when both were fifteen. After their formation in 2005, the band played wildly experimental music, which featured many influences from 60s psychedelia and avant-garde. They self-released many EPs between 2007 and 2011, only a few of which are still available. In early 2011, they were 'discovered' by famed producer Richard Swift after handing him their "Take the Kids Off Broadway" EP at a Mynabird's show in New York. The EP was also self-released at some point in mid-2011. The group were later signed on to Jagjaguwar Records and their first studio album, "Take the Kids Off Broadway", was released by Jagjaguwar on July 24, 2012. On January 22, 2013, Jagjaguwar released Foxygen's second album, "We Are the 21st Century Ambassadors of Peace & Magic". This album was produced by Richard Swift and recorded at his National Freedom studio earlier this year. "Shuggie," the first single from the record, was released on October 4, 2012. In March 2013, Foxygen was named one of Fuse TV's 30 must-see artists at SXSW. Rado was among the "friends" that contributed in 2013 to The Flaming Lips' "The Time Has Come To Shoot You Down…What A Sound," a reworking of the Stone Roses debut album.
Foxygen also toured with singer/keyboardist Elizabeth Fey who also was Sam France's girlfriend.
On 17 April 2013, Foxygen released their 2007 album "Jurrassic Exxplosion Phillipic" to the public for the first time. On July 25, 2013 Elizabeth Fey's tumblr was used to write an article on Pitchfork saying that the band was breaking up. This was found to be untrue. 
Sam France, Jonathan Rado, Shaun Fleming, and Justin Nijssen have all reported independent recording projects.
The band has recently gained a reputation for its unhinged live shows and maniacal behavior of lead singer France, whose antics include hitting himself in the face with a microphone, climbing stage equipment, accosting hecklers and speaking in non sequiturs. On Monday, July 29, 2013, at 10:36 PM CST, during a performance at First Avenue in Minneapolis, vocalist Sam France fell off the stage during the first song of the show, only to appear some time later being carted off by EMS, where he was taken to the hospital with a broken leg.
Critical reception.
The "Entertainment Weekly" staff wrote, "We just can't stop playing the scruffy psych-rock duo's Rolling Stones-obsessed album with the appropriately exuberant title "We Are the 21st Century Ambassadors of Peace & Magic"." In January 2013, Pitchfork Media cited Foxygen under "Best New Music" in their review of the new album.
Discography.
Studio Albums
Extended Plays
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="36721053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721053" title="Paranaguá Airport">
Paranaguá Airport

Santos Dumont Airport is the airport serving Paranaguá, Brazil. Like the airport in Rio de Janeiro, it is named after the Brazilian aviation pioneer Alberto Santos Dumont (1873–1932).
It is operated by the Municipality of Paranaguá under the supervision of Aeroportos do Paraná (SEIL).
History.
The airport is presently dedicated to general aviation.
Airlines and destinations.
Currently no scheduled flights operate at this airport.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Paranaguá.

</doc>
<doc id="36721064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721064" title="Prudence, West Virginia">
Prudence, West Virginia

Prudence is an unincorporated community and coal town in Fayette County, West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36721065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721065" title="Oasis Academy Lord's Hill">
Oasis Academy Lord's Hill

Oasis Academy Lord's Hill is an Academy situated in the city of Southampton, Hampshire and specialises in Arts with Business & Enterprise.
Oasis Academy Lord’s Hill replaced Millbrook Community School and Oaklands Community School which both closed in August 2008. The Academy opened in September 2008 in the existing buildings on the two sites of the predecessor schools, then moved to a new building in 2012.
The Academy building is, quote Steve Chalke MBE; 'The best school building in Great Britain' costing over £16 million, with features such as; radio facilities, a recording studio, TV studio, Apple Mac suites, a theatre, astro turf, MUGA and many more.
The Academy is sponsored by Oasis Community Learning, which is a separate charity, but is part of the Oasis global family. Oasis, a Christian organisation, was founded by Steve Chalke M.B.E. in 1985, and began its work in the UK but now delivers educational, healthcare and housing projects throughout the world.
Admissions.
The Academy initially caters for approximately 950 students in the 11-16 age range. All places at the Academy are free and available to the local community within an admissions policy that mirrors the inclusive admissions arrangements for community schools in Southampton. At the time of the opening of the new building in 2011, the Academy offered 5 forms of entry (5FE) – for a predicted 900 students 11-16.
Specialism.
The specialist focus of the Academy is Arts with Business & Enterprise that builds on and augments the existing strengths of the predecessor schools and continues to develop its links to the wider community. With a focus on lifelong learning, each student’s education will be a careful and personalised balance between practical training and academic education. As an independent school, innovative approaches to teaching and learning are employed.
House System.
Students are sorted into four different houses, then sectioned into smaller tutor groups, of which students attend every morning before they start the curricular day. The different house the student is situated, is identified by the colour of the stripes on their tie (Yellow, Blue, Red and Green). Jane Austen, Isambard Kingdom Brunel, Mary Seacole and Isaac Newton were all people who have made a significant contribution to society. They represent diverse areas of human activity: Literature, Engineering, Medical Care and Scientific Endeavour. Therefore, the school's houses are named as the mentioned's surnames.

</doc>
<doc id="36721068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721068" title="Steve Petuskey">
Steve Petuskey

Steve Petuskey is a retired American soccer player who played professionally in the American Professional Soccer League and Continental Indoor Soccer League.
In 1979, Petusky graduated from Cordova High School. He attended Sacramento State University, playing on the men’s soccer team in 1981 and 1982. He was a 1982 NCAA Division II First Team All American. On December 11, 1996, Sacramento State inducted Petusky into its Hall of Fame. In 1989, Petuskey played for the Sacramento Senators of the Western Soccer League. In 1990, he moved to the San Francisco Bay Blackhawks of the American Professional Soccer League, which was formed by the merger of the Western Soccer League and American Soccer League. In 1993, Petuskey moved indoors with the Sacramento Knights of the Continental Indoor Soccer League. He played for the Knights in both 1993 and 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36721076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721076" title="CK College of Engineering and Technology">
CK College of Engineering and Technology

CK College of Engineering and Technology is a college of engineering and technology located in Cuddalore, Tamil Nadu, India. It is a public institution, and was established in 2002. The college's chairman is C. K. Ranganathan and its director is D. Chandrasekaran.
External links.
[]Category:Coleege was earlier named Sri jayaram Engineering college]]

</doc>
<doc id="36721083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721083" title="Merocystis">
Merocystis

Merocystis is a genus in the phylum Apicomplexa.
History.
This genus was created in 1911 by Dakin He discovered this parasite - "Merocystis kathae" - in the renal organ of the whelk ("Buccinum undatum"). Its life cycle has been studied in some detail by other workers. 
A second species was described - "Merocystis tellinovum" - by Buchanan in 1979 but this has since been moved to the genus "Pseudoklossia".
Taxonomy.
There is one species known in this genus.
Description.
The life cycle follows a seasonal course. The earliest stages may appear in the kidney any time between March and June. Growth proceeds and sexual differentiation takes place but mature gametes are not found until November, when the first stages of sporogony are first found. Mature spores containing sporozoites are formed in January and become increasingly common up to May. Degenerating stages of spores are common in summer.
The earliest stages within the renal organ are 10 µm in diameter.
To the naked eye the later stages of the parasite have the appearance of a rounded milky white dot.
The trophozoites appear opaque and occasionally granular. 
Schizogony occurs in the host cell. 
Morphological sexual differentiation is not detectable until growth is almost complete.
The microgametocyte divides into 32 nuclei. At this stage cleavage of the cytoplasm brings about the formation of uninucleate cytomeres. Nuclear division again occurs within these and these latter divisions form the microgametes. 
The microgamete possesses a dark centre and a lighter ring round the periphery and is released from the host cell. 
Fertilization occurs within the lumen of the renal organ. 
After fertilisation, a thick membrane forms outside the zygote. The nucleus assumes a characteristic spindle shape and subsequently divides.
Nuclear divisions proceed until a large number of cone shaped nuclei are found below the cell membrane. This cell membrane becomes folded and the nuclei sink in (the oocyst stage). Each is surrounded by a portion of cytoplasm to form a sporoblast. A single nuclear division then occurs and the two nuclei elongate to form sporozoites each with a small cytoplasmic body.
The oocyst has numerous sporocysts each with two sporozoites.

</doc>
<doc id="36721092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721092" title="Ficelle picarde">
Ficelle picarde

Ficelle picarde ("Picardy string") is a dish of Picardy, northern France, consisting of a savoury pancake stuffed with cheese, mushrooms, and ham. Though now considered a classic Picardy dish, its origins appear based in Amiens' l'hôtel du Commerce where a chef developed it in 1950, notwithstanding some legends stating the dish originated in the era of Louis XIV.

</doc>
<doc id="36721097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721097" title="Frank Caraballo">
Frank Caraballo

Frank Caraballo (born December 18, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the featherweight division. He is the current NAAFS featherweight champion.
MMA career.
Bellator Fighting Championships.
Caraballo lost to UFC veteran Waylon Lowe via unanimous decision at Bellator V.
At Bellator LI, Frank defeated Dustin Kempf via first round TKO due to injury.
At , Frank defeated Donny Walker via flying knee KO in the fourth round and in doing so unified his NAAFS interim featherweight title with the real title to become the undisputed NAAFS featherweight champion.

</doc>
<doc id="36721123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721123" title="Timeline of Tunis">
Timeline of Tunis

The following is a timeline of the history of the city of Tunis, Tunisia. 

</doc>
<doc id="36721171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721171" title="Los secretos de Lucía">
Los secretos de Lucía

Los secretos de Lucía "(Lucia's Secrets)" is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by Venevisión in conjunction with Univision Studios and BE-TV. The telenovela is an original story from Columbian writer Jorg Hiller.
Irán Castillo and Juan Pablo Raba star as the main protagonists while Julián Gil, Maritza Bustamante and Plutarco Haza star as the main antagonists.
As of February 3, "Cadenatres" began broadcasting "Los Secretos de Lucía" at 8 pm. As of April 22, "Venevisión Plus" will be broadcasting "Los Secretos de Lucía" at 10 pm.
Plot.
In a hostile world full of violence unfolds the story of the beautiful Lucia, a woman fleeing without knowing why, because of a mysterious event that left her amnesiac, which has clouded not only her memories, but also the meaning of her life. All she knows is that she must escape from those who want to hurt her, never imagining that amid the frantic race that has become her life, she meets Miguel, a young and handsome mechanic who, impressed by the beauty of Lucia, decides to help her regardless of the consequences.
Love does not slow to appear and be their constant companion in the midst of the most breathtaking escape. At times, flashes of light past memories and Lucia and is terrible discoveries made, is the daughter of a vicious arms dealer and she has been involved in this business and also in countless violent deaths. So, Lucy is discovered as a criminal and that is one of its many names.
Be consistent with this life, be looked to question the values that feel like themselves, to sacrifice his love for Michael and move forward on a path that knows wrong. So Lucia rebels against his past and confronts him, to see if he still has time to redeem himself.
Lucia and Miguel raffled great difficulties along the dangerous adventure that has become their lives, adventure that will scroll through unimaginable scenarios for the common denominator, where death is always lurking, while being chased mercilessly beyond any border.
Will clean your sins Lucia? Is he ready to start a new life?
Lucia's secrets ... an exciting journey, unpredictable, surprising, looking for a new opportunity.

</doc>
<doc id="36721174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721174" title="Seacoast United">
Seacoast United

Seacoast United may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36721191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721191" title="Centro Velico Caprera">
Centro Velico Caprera

Centro Velico Caprera (CVC) is one of the oldest Italian sailing schools and also one of the largest of the Mediterranean sea. Since its foundation in 1967 it has been attended by over 100,000 students. The legal head office is located at La Maddalena and the base of operations is situated on the island of Caprera, on the Maddalena archipelago. CVC is a non-profit organisation and a member of the ISSA (International Sailing School Association).
History.
The school was founded in 1967 based upon the ideas of Vittorio di Sambuy and Marco Notarbartolo di Sciara, who was, at the time, president of Milan’s section of the Italian Navy League. The two authors of the idea were granted the land where the center of the Admiral Alessandro Michelagnoli, at the time Commander in Chief of the Italian Navy, was built. Franco Brambilla, president of the Touring Club Italiano, joined the association guaranteeing the organizational and administrative support of the Touring Club. Finally, Guido Colnaghi, who represented the French association École des Glénans in Italy, shaped the teaching spirit and approach that distinguishes the character of the CVC. The two founding members, Milan’s section of the Italian Navy League and the Touring Club, were then joined by the Students Association in 1975.
Objectives of the school and Course progression.
The Centro Velico Caprera, school of sea and sailing, has as its main objective the knowledge and education of the sail training’s basis through practice and experimentation to ensure a safe growth. Another goal is to transmit the fundamentals of maritime consciousness, essential for later offshore sailing. For this reason, life’s organization both on base and on the boats is modeled to transmit to the students the life of a crew. There are three levels of courses:
The schools location.
The CVC is located in the southwest part of the island of Caprera, between Punta Coda and the gulf of Porto Palma, and is composed of 3 separate bases. On the side of Punta Coda, the beginner level base consists of military buildings used as dormitories, classrooms, and a canteen. The second base is at the foot of the Fico Mountain, and hosts the students of the 2nd level. The third base, located on the western end of Porto Palma, hosts all students taking courses on cabin cruisers. Furthermore, the CVC staff operates a carpentry, a mechanical workshop and a sail repairing facility.
Life on the base.
A typical day at CVC is planned on a tight schedule that all members of the community must respect. Every day students alternate between practical and theoretical lessons, with meals in between. Once a week every student gives his contribute to the school by cleaning the base and helping the cook and the Chief of Operations, who is in charge of the kitchen.
The instructors.
The instructors at CVC are all volunteers who are chosen among the school’s best students. After being recommended, which happens through the evaluation of technical knowledge and social skills, in order to become an instructor the student must pass successfully a training course which takes place in spring and autumn. The Instructional positions at CVC are:
There is a principal instructor for every course, known as:
The base is managed by a:
There is also a:
Who coordinates the students while they clean the base and help in the kitchen.
The fleet.
Currently (2014) the CVC's base at Caprera owns and operates the following vessels:
Initiation level on dinghies:
Initiation level on small cabin cruisers:
2nd level advanced dinghies:
2nd level cabin cruisers:
3rd level racing dinghies:
3rd level high performance racing cruisers:
3rd level long voyage cabin cruisers:
Safety boats:

</doc>
<doc id="36721210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721210" title="Kevin Scheidhauer">
Kevin Scheidhauer

Kevin Scheidhauer (born 13 March 1992) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36721212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721212" title="Orthokine">
Orthokine

Orthokine is an experimental medical procedure in which a patient's own blood is extracted, manipulated, and then reintroduced to the body as an anti-inflammatory drug to reduce chronic pain and osteoarthritis. Known in the United States as Regenokine, the process removes about of blood from a patient's arm, which is then incubated at a slightly raised temperature. The liquid is then placed in a centrifuge until its constituent parts are separated. The middle yellowish layer is dense with agents that are believed to stop an arthritic agent known as interleukin-1, which causes degeneration of the joints and the breakdown of cartilage. That serum is injected into the patient's affected area. The procedure reduces pain and discomfort in the joint. The treatment generally lasts five days, with six shots of the serum into the affected area. It is normal for a patient to receive annual injections to ease the joint discomfort.
Orthokine is a patented method developed by molecular biologist Dr. Julio Reinecke and Dr. Peter Wehling, a spinal surgeon in Düsseldorf, Germany. A two-year study of osteoarthritis of the knee, published in the medical journal "Osteoarthritis and Cartilage", confirmed the safety and effectiveness of the therapy. Orthokine is less invasive than most, if not all, other forms of knee surgeries available. It focuses on treating the inflammation as opposed to mechanical problems in the joints. Orthokine was first approved for widespread use in Germany in 2003. Most patients have reported positive results. Orthokine differs from a similar procedure with platelet-rich plasma (PRP), where platelets are targeted instead of the interleukin antagonist. Platelets are thought to speed the healing process. Also, PRP does not require the blood to be heated as Orthokine does. The heating increases the anti-inflammatory proteins as much as 100 times.
As of August 2012, about 60,000 patients worldwide have received the treatment. Americans have traveled to Germany for the treatment, which has not been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Two offices, one in New York and another in Los Angeles, have licenses to provide a similar treatment, but they cannot advertise due to the lack of FDA approval. Dr. Freddie Fu, a professor of orthopedic surgery at the University of Pittsburgh, said more high-quality independent trials proving the procedure's effectiveness are needed before the FDA approves. Wehling said the procedure has a 75% success rate and follows all regulations set by the World Anti-Doping Agency. National Basketball Association star Kobe Bryant, who traveled to Germany to have the procedure performed by Wehling, is one famous case based on his recovery from his previously poor knees. Some basketball fans refer to the procedure as the "Kobe Procedure".
The procedure cost €6,000 (about $7,400) as of July 2012. The treatment is not covered by health insurance. Chris Renna, a preventive medicine specialist who has referred American patients to Wehling since 2003, said that "because of its expense and status, the treatment is for the 1 and 2 percent of our society."

</doc>
<doc id="36721216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721216" title="Chettinad University">
Chettinad University

Chettinad University (CU) is a university in the outer side of Chennai
Chettinad Academy of Research and Education (Deemed University):
It is a part of Chettinad Group
In 2012, the Chettinad Medical College and Hospital, reportedly refused to concede 85 per cent of the seats to the State Government as per the norms.

</doc>
<doc id="36721223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721223" title="Windsor Charity Classic">
Windsor Charity Classic

The Windsor Charity Classic was a golf tournament on the Canadian Tour. It was played from 1979 to 1991 and was revived again for the 2012 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36721226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721226" title="SS Norse Lady">
SS Norse Lady

SS "Norse Lady" was a cargo ship built by Wood, Skinner and Company of Newcastle upon Tyne to the United Kingdom's standard First World War "War C" design. She traded from 1920 until 1958, in which time she had six successive owners and four different names. In 1958 she ran aground in eastern Indonesia, was captured and beached by rebels, and then set on fire by a naval bombardment. She remained a wreck until 1966, when she was scrapped in Taiwan.
Owners and names.
Wood, Skinner and Co laid her down in 1919 as War Glade, a standard "War" name for ships built under the UK's First World War merchant shipbuillding scheme. However, she was completed in January 1920 as Norefos for Skibs Aksjeselskap Thor Thoresens Linje of Norway, who registered her in Kristiania. In 1921 she was sold to Den Norske Amerikalinje Aksjeselskap ("Norwegian America Line") who renamed her Norefjord and added her to its Skandinaviske Øst-Afrika Linje ("Scandinavia East Africa Line") fleet. In 1949 she was sold to F.N. Nordbø of Haugesund, Norway who renamed her Ryvarden. She was laid up in Haugesund in 1953 and sold to Rolf Wigands Rederi of Bergen in 1954. Rolf Wigands sold her to Halvorsen Shipping Co of Bergen in 1956. She kept the name "Ryvarden" until 1958, when Halvorsen sold her to Pan-Norse Steamship Co of Panama, who renamed her Norse Lady.
Collisions.
With "Palembang", January 1942.
On 8 January 1942 "Norefjord" was part of Convoy HX 169 from Nova Scotia "en route" to Great Britain when she collided with the Dutch ship . Both ships were damaged and returned to port for repairs. "Norefjord" returned to service by sailing with Convoy HX 175 on 13 February but again she returned to port. On 19 February "Norefjord" sailed with Convoy HX-176. This time she successfully completed the voyage, reaching Liverpool, England on 6 March 1942.
With "Alcoa Rambler", August 1942.
On 16 August 1942 "Norefjord" reached Halifax, Nova Scotia with Convoy BX 33 from Boston, Massachusetts. Having arrived, "Norefjord" was in Bedford Basin when she collided with the US cargo ship . "Norefjord" was damaged in the collision and subsequently beached.
"Alcoa Rambler" had been proceeding seawards, down the fairway, heading south-southeast. "Rambler" was laden with a cargo of explosives, was being escorted by a naval launch, and both "Rambler" and her escort were flying the warning flags required under local regulations. "Norefjord" had been crossing the fairway on an easterly course. It was daylight and the two ships sighted each other at a range of about . The basin was congested with other ships, a number of changes of course were required, and "Norefjord" had repeatedly changed her course further to port before the two ships collided. The case between the owners of the two ships came to court in 1949 and its implications are now referred to in a guide to the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea.
Stranded and shelled, August 1958.
On 14 August 1958 "Norse Lady" was off Parigi, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia when she ran aground. On 16 August Permesta rebels captured her, refloated her and took her about east to Belang in the rebels' heartland in Minahasa, North Sulawesi. The rebels beached "Norse Lady" at Belang, but the Indonesian Navy sighted her there on 18 August, shelled her on 22 August and she was burnt out.
In March 1966 Hong Kong purchasers bought her wreck. They sold her to Taiwanese shipbreakers who towed "Norse Lady" to Kaohsiung, Taiwan and scrapped her.

</doc>
<doc id="36721243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721243" title="Liroceratia">
Liroceratia

Liroceratia is a genus of very small, somewhat amphibious land snails that have a gill and an operculum, semi-terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusk in the family Iravadiidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Liroceratia" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36721245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721245" title="Fort de Boncelles">
Fort de Boncelles

The Fort de Boncelles is one of twelve forts built as part of the Fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium. It was built between 1881 and 1884 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont. Contrasting with the French forts built in the same era by Raymond Adolphe Séré de Rivières, the fort was built exclusively of unreinforced concrete, a new material, rather than masonry. The fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Liège. Boncelles was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the fortified position of Liège in an attempt to forestall or slow an attack from Germany. It saw action in 1940 during the Battle of Belgium, and was captured by German forces. It is abandoned and partly buried, surrounded by housing.
Description.
The Fort de Boncelles is located about south of the center of Liège.
The fort forms an isosceles triangle whose base is long and whose sides measure . A deep by ditch encircles the fort. The principal armament was concentrated in the central massif. The ditches were defended in enfilade by 57mm guns in casemates resembling counterscarp batteries, firing at shot traps at the other end of the ditch. It is one of the larger forts of Liège.
With the exception of the Fort de Loncin, the Belgian forts made little provision for the daily needs of their wartime garrisons, locating latrines, showers, kitchens and the morgue in the fort's counterscarp, a location that would be untenable in combat. This would have profound effects on the forts' ability to endure a long assault. The service areas were placed directly opposite the barracks, which opened into the ditch in the rear of the fort (i.e., in the face towards Liège), with lesser protection than the two "salient" sides. The Brialmont forts placed a weaker side to the rear to allow for recapture by Belgian forces from the rear, and located the barracks and support facilities on this side, using the rear ditch for light and ventilation of living spaces. In combat heavy shellfire made the rear ditch untenable, and German forces were able to get between the forts and attack them from the rear.
The Brialmont forts were designed to be protected from shellfire equaling their heaviest guns: 21cm. The top of the central massif used of unreinforced concrete, while the caserne walls, judged to be less exposed, used . Under fire, the forts were damaged by 21cm fire and could not withstand heavier artillery.
Armament.
Boncelles' armament included a two rotating Grüsonwerke turrets with two 21 cm guns, a15cm Creusot turret with twin guns and two 12 cm Châtillon-Commentry turret with two guns, all for distant targets. Four retractable 57mm Grüsonwerke gun turrets were provided for local defense. The fort also mounted an observation turret with a searchlight. Eight rapid-fire 57mm Grüsonwerke guns were provided in casemates for the defense of the ditches and the postern, as well as two mobile guns.
The fort's heavy guns were German, typically Krupp, while the turret mechanisms were from a variety of sources. The fort was provided with signal lights to permit communication with the neighboring Fort de Flémalle across the Meuse and Fort d'Embourg across the Ourthe. The guns were fired using black powder rather than smokeless powder, producing choking gas in the confined firing spaces that spread throughout the fort.
First World War.
Boncelles first came under attack on 6 August 1914. Because the Liège fortifications had proved to be unexpectedly stubborn, the Germans brought heavy siege artillery to bombard the forts with shells far larger than they were designed to resist. Boncelles resisted until the 14th, when it was unable to continue to resist due to the asphyxiating fumes that permeated the fort.
In 1915 the Germans undertook an improvement program for the Liège positions, modifying entrances, adding concrete cover and adding metal decking under concrete ceilings. Non-structural improvements included forced ventilation and moving latrines, kitchens and the bakery into the main fort.
Fortified Position of Liège.
Boncelle's armament was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the Fortified Position of Liège II, which was planned to deter a German incursion over the nearby border. Protection was substantially increased. This was accompanied by improvements to ventilation, protection, sanitary facilities, communications and electrical power. A fortified air intake tower was provided to improve ventilation.
Second World War.
The fort was bombarded from the air and by artillery in May 1940 by the Germans, killing the commandant, Numa Charlier, and others of the garrison. The fort was taken on May 16: it did not surrender. The Germans occupied the fort until 1944, using it as an anti-aircraft position. It became a military depot after the war, and was sold to the commune of Seraing in 1983.
Present.
The fort is mostly buried and inaccessible, tightly hemmed in by housing that follows the trace of the former ditch. Only the postern, central massif, air intake tower and two nearby bunkers remain. The site includes a memorial to the dead of World Wars I and II, and a small cemetery. A museum is scheduled to open next to the fort at the end of 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36721268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721268" title="Alesha's Street Dance Stars">
Alesha's Street Dance Stars

Alesha's Street Dance Stars is a dance competition aired on the CBBC Channel and presented by Alesha Dixon. The judges are Turbo, Kenrick Sandy and Lizzie Gough. Dance crews of young street dancers compete in a series of auditions, rounds and finals with one crew winning both the title of Alesha's Street Dance Stars and a money-cannot-buy-prize. The first series aired from 22 August 2011 to 2 September 2011. The second series began airing on 20 August 2012. 

</doc>
<doc id="36721269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721269" title="Tracie McGovern">
Tracie McGovern

Tracie McGovern (born 4 March 1975 in Wauchope) is a retired Australian international football player.

</doc>
<doc id="36721289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721289" title="Penelope Andrews">
Penelope Andrews

Penelope (Penny) Andrews is a South African and American legal scholar.
Education.
Andrews earned B.A. and LL.B. degrees from the University of Natal, Durban, South Africa, as well as an LL.M. degree from Columbia University School of Law in New York City.
Career.
Andrews is currently the president and dean of Albany Law School in Albany, New York. She is the first permanent female president and dean of the law school since its inception in 1851.
Andrews was previously associate dean for academic affairs and professor of law at the City University of New York School of Law. She has also been professor of law and director of international studies at Valparaiso University School of Law in Valparaiso, Ind. Over the course of her career, she has taught law in Germany, Australia, Holland, Scotland, Canada and South Africa.
Her legal scholarship centers on justice for women and people of color across the globe, and she has advocated for the rights of Australia’s indigenous population, people of color in South Africa, and disenfranchised women in Queens, N.Y.
The South African law school at the University of KwaZulu-Natal annually presents an award in her name: The Penelope E. Andrews Human Rights Award. She was a finalist in 2005 for a vacancy on the Constitutional Court of South Africa, the highest court on the country’s constitutional matters.

</doc>
<doc id="36721294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721294" title="Chatfield Trail">
Chatfield Trail

The Chatfield Trail is a 4.3-mile (or 4.6-mile depending on which entrance is used) Blue-Blazed hiking trail located within the town of Killingworth, Connecticut.
There are two trailheads at the northern end of the trail near the entrance to Chatfield Hollow State Park. The first is located on the south side of Route 80, about 0.3 miles west of the park entrance. There is an area on the side of the road where about 4 or 5 cars can park. This is the trailhead listed in the Connecticut Walk Book East. From this entrance to the end of the trail is 4.3 miles. There is also a marked trailhead, directly across Route 80 from the parking lot at the park entrance, which accesses a trail extension that meets up with the trail at about 0.05 miles south of the other entrance. This route adds 0.3 miles to the length of the trek.
The northern section of the trail is located within Cockaponset State Forest. The southern sections of the trail pass near Deer Lake Camp and through privately owned property.
The southern trailhead ends at River Road, just west of the intersection of Papermill Road and River Road.

</doc>
<doc id="36721299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721299" title="El Progrés, Badalona">
El Progrés, Badalona

El Progrés is a coastal area of Badalona (Barcelonès, Catalonia, Spain) in the town's District 1, and as such, part of the metropolitan area of Barcelona. It is bordered by Gorg, La Mora, Raval, Can Claris, Centre and the Mediterranean Sea. As of the 2012 census El Progrés had 11.059 habitants, or 5% of Badalona's population. Like many toponyms in the town (such as Unió, Conquista, Indústria) the name of this neighbourhood —which is Catalan for "The Progress"— evokes the industrial age which was the time of its inception.
The area is home to the famous Anís del Mono factory, in Avinguda Eduard Maristany. It was built by brothers Bosch and Grau in 1868, and it is close to both the rail tracks the Pont del Petroli beach. Platja del Coco is another beach within administrative limits of the area. The former CACI factory will host the forthcoming Museu del Còmic i la Il·lustració de Catalunya, currently under construction.
Transport.
The closest rail transport link is the metro station Pep Ventura, on Barcelona Metro line L2

</doc>
<doc id="36721306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721306" title="Birudur">
Birudur

Birudur is a village located in the Vandavasi taluk of Tiruvanamalai district in the state of Tamil Nadu, in South India.
Location.
Birudur is located at State Highway 115, between Vandavasi and Melmaruvathur. It is just 3 km away from Vandavasi and well connected to Chennai(113 km) by road.
Demographics.
As per 2001 India census, Birudur had a population of 1521 living in 364 households. Birudur had a sex ratio (No of females/1000 males) of 1012 (Child Sex ratio is 1231), higher than national average of 944. Jainism & Hinduism are the main religions followed here. 

</doc>
<doc id="36721325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721325" title="Kruti Dev">
Kruti Dev

Kruti Dev is a Hindi font which uses the keyboard layout of Remington's typewriters. This font is often used for typing work on computer. Many people who were earlier using traditional Remington's typewriters can easily learn to type on a computer using this font as they use a similar keyboard.

</doc>
<doc id="36721333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721333" title="Hyala">
Hyala

Hyala is a genus of very small, somewhat amphibious land snails that have a gill and an operculum, semi-terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Iravadiidae. They are subsurface deposit feeders.
Species.
Species within the genus "Hyala" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36721345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721345" title="Sheila Balakrishnan">
Sheila Balakrishnan

Dr. Sheila Balakrishnan is an obstetrician and a gynaecologist. She has authored three books on obstetrics and gynaecology. She is currently the associate professor at the department of obstetrics and gynaecology at Government Medical college, Trivandrum. She has pursued her MD and DNB from Trivandrum Medical college. She was awarded membership at the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists in 1994 and then conferred fellowship in the year 2008. She has received Commonwealth scholarship award in the United Kingdom. She is a member of the Federation of Obstetric and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI) and the Indian College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists. Currently, she is a member of the contraception and medical disorders committee of FOGSI. In November 2013, the medical team headed by Dr. Balakrishnan announced the birth of South India's first in vitro fertilization babies in Trivandrum Medical College Hospital. 
She has authored three books, "Textbook of Obstetrics", "Textbook of Gynaecology" and "Clinical case discussion in Obstetrics and Gynaecology" and has published numerous research papers.

</doc>
<doc id="36721347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721347" title="Rouge Bouquet (poem)">
Rouge Bouquet (poem)

"Rouge Bouquet" or "The Wood Called Rouge Bouquet" is a lyric poem written in 1918 by American poet, essayist, critic and soldier Joyce Kilmer (1886-1918). The poem commemorates during an intense German artillery bombardment of an American trench position in the Rouge Bouquet wood near the French village of Baccarat on 7 March 1918 that resulted in the loss of 19 American soldiers with the 165th Infantry Division. Kilmer was a sergeant in the New York National Guard's "The Fighting 69th Regiment" which was part of the 165th Infantry Regiment involved in the attack. Kilmer composed the poem immediately after the bombardment, and it was first read over their graves in March 1918. The poem was first published two weeks after Kilmer's death in battle on 30 July 1918 during the Second Battle of the Marne in the 16 August 1918 issue of "Stars and Stripes". The poem was read over Kilmer's own grave when he was interred in France. To this day, it is a tradition of the Fighting 69th to read the poem at memorial services for fallen members of the regiment.

</doc>
<doc id="36721368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721368" title="Croatian Mountain Rescue Service">
Croatian Mountain Rescue Service

Croatian Mountain Rescue Service () is a national, professional, humanitarian and nonprofit association specialized for rescue in mountains, rocks and speleological objects in Croatia.

</doc>
<doc id="36721370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721370" title="Product defect">
Product defect

A product defect is any characteristic of a product which hinders its usability for the purpose for which it was designed and manufactured. Product defects arise most prominently in legal contexts, where the term is applied to "anything that renders the product not reasonably safe". The field of law that addresses injuries caused by defective products is called products liability.
A wide range of circumstances can render a product defective. The product may have a design defect, resulting from the product having been poorly designed or tested, so that the design itself yields a product that can not perform its desired function. Even if the design is correct, the product may have a manufacturing defect if it was incorrectly manufactured, for example if the wrong materials are used. A product may also be considered legally defective if it lacks appropriate instructions for its use, or appropriate warnings of dangers accompanying normal use or misuse of the product.
A product that is defective in some way that does not render it dangerous might still be sold, with a discounted price reflecting the defect. For example, where a clothing manufacturer discovers that a line of shirts have been made with slightly uneven sleeves, the manufacturer may choose to sell these shirts at a discount, often through at outlet store and with the label cut off to indicate that the quality is not intended to reflect on the brand.

</doc>
<doc id="36721374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721374" title="Ring II of Ringerike">
Ring II of Ringerike

Ring II, was a mythical king of Ringerike. He was the son of a king of Ringerike and father of king Gudrød of Ringerike and prince Helgi the Sharp.
He, like his ancestors on the father's side are only know in legends and have reported lifespans of hundreds of years. He was descended from Halfdan, who was the grandson of Nor, the one who named Norway and ruled it as king.

</doc>
<doc id="36721393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721393" title="Hobart Chatfield-Taylor">
Hobart Chatfield-Taylor

Hobart C. Chatfield-Taylor (March 24, 1865 - January 17, 1945) was an American writer, novelist, and biographer. He was considered a top authority on Molière. 
He was born in Chicago to Henry Hobart Taylor and Adelaide Chatfield Taylor in 1865 as Hobart Taylor, but appended the "Chatfield" to his surname as the stipulation of a large inheritance from his maternal uncle Wayne Chatfield (making his full name Hobart Chatfield Chatfield-Taylor). He graduated from Cornell University in 1886, and in 1890 married Rose Farwell, daughter of former United States Senator Charles B. Farwell. His wife's portrait was painted by the Swiss-born American society painter Adolfo Müller-Ury, three quarter-length in 1893 (exhibited at Knoedler's New York Gallery in February 1894), and half-length drawing on a pair of white gloves in 1894 (exhibited at Knoedler's New York Gallery in January 1895); both are unlocated.
He edited a literary journal called "America" for a few years, and also served as consul to Spain in Chicago. He published his first novel, "With Edge Tools", in 1891. His wife Rose died in 1918, and he married Estelle Barbour Stillman in 1920.
He had three sons (Wayne, Robert, and Otis), and one daughter, Adelaide Chatfield-Taylor Sohier. Wayne Chatfield-Taylor served as Under Secretary of Commerce and Assistant Secretary of the Treasury under President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Bibliography.
Books published by Chatfield-Taylor include:

</doc>
<doc id="36721394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721394" title="Brin-Jonathan Butler">
Brin-Jonathan Butler

Brin-Jonathan Butler (born 1979) is a freelance journalist and documentary filmmaker. His work has been published in "The Classical", "The Rumpus", and Salon.com. His book "A Cuban Boxer's Journey: Guillermo Rigondeaux, from Castro’s Traitor to American Champion" will be published by Picador in June 2014.
Brin has a forthcoming documentary film, Split-Decision, which is a cautionary examination of Cuban-­American relations, and the economic and cultural paradoxes that have shaped those relations since Fidel Castro’s revolution, through personal stories and interviews with the world’s most famous contemporary Cuban boxers (Teofilo Stevenson, Felix Savon, Guillermo Rigondeaux) and international authorities on Cuba in addition to journalists (S.L. Price, Steve Fainaru, Ann Louise Bardach, Carlos Eire, Leon Gast), and other boxing figures (Larry Merchant, George Foreman, Ronnie Shields, Bob Arum, Freddie Roach). The film also contains the last known interview of 3 time Olympic gold medalist, Teofilo Stevenson before his passing on June 11, 2012.
Brin is a member of the Boxing Writers Association of America.
Publications.
Picador USA is publishing two books by Brin in 2014: "A Cuban Boxer's Journey", a biography on Guillermo Rigondeaux, and "The Domino Diaries", a memoir of time in Cuba living and training with Olympic boxing coaches.
ESPN
Salon
Vice

</doc>
<doc id="36721401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721401" title="2000 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles">
2000 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon – Singles

Nicolás Lapentti was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Arnaud Clément won the tournament, beating Patrick Rafter 7–6(7–2), 7–6(7–5) in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36721410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721410" title="Nozeba">
Nozeba

Nozeba is a genus of very small, somewhat amphibious land snails that have a gill and an operculum, semi-terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusk in the family Iravadiidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Nozeba" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36721429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721429" title="Carlos de Cárdenas, Jr.">
Carlos de Cárdenas, Jr.

Carlos de Cárdenas Plá (born 7 July 1932) is a yachtsman from Cuba.
He won a silver medal in the men's Star class at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36721453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721453" title="Critical Path Project">
Critical Path Project

The CRITICAL///PATH Project is a video archive of interviews with "some of the most influential designers and visionaries" in video games.
Launched on July 23, 2012, CRITICAL///PATH contains interviews with 37 developers conducted between 2010 and 2011. The site currently includes 121 videos and intends to include more clips from different developers in the future. According to director David Grabias, the project has a few goals:
Topics covered in the interviews include violence in games, methods of storytelling, game mechanics, player interaction, psychology behind playing games, commercialism in the industry, and the future of video games, among others.
All clips on the site are available for free viewing online, and there are plans to release a full-length documentary in the future.
Interview Subjects.
Currently the site features interview clips with the following developers, listed in alphabetical order by last name.
Discussion.
A few quotes from the site have raised some interesting discussions between critics and fans alike. For example, Metal Gear Solid Director Hideo Kojima (famous for his cinematic narrative scenes) mentions that he's "not trying to tell a story." Sid Meier says he's "failed as a designer" when players use cheats, causing some stir with gamers when they discovered an all-powerful Sid Meier character in the latest Firaxis release, . 
One of the more interesting takeaways from the archive is the juxtaposition of differing opinions from the developers. For example, Cliff Bleszinski speaks about creating empowerment fantasies for players, while Warren Spector condemns the practice. Sid Meier says that "micromanagement is not fun" and other developers, like Fable's Peter Molyneux, Ultima's Richard Garriott, and others attempt to create games that give the player as much freedom and decision-making as possible.

</doc>
<doc id="36721458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721458" title="I Komang Putra Adnyana">
I Komang Putra Adnyana

I. Komang Putra is a former Indonesian football goalkeeper who played for Indonesia in the 2000 Asian Cup. 
I Komang has played for PSIS Semarang for almost a decade, helping the team to league championship in 1999 and 2001. He also played for Arseto Solo, Persema Malang, Persela Lamongan and Persis Solo, the last club he played (also being made captain) before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="36721475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721475" title="Crystallospora">
Crystallospora

Crystallospora is a genus in the phylum Apicomplexa.
History.
The genus "Crystallospora" was created by Labbé in 1896 for a coccidium that Thelohan had discovered in the Atlantic Ocean off France in 1893. The organism was originally called "Coccidium cristalloides" but Labbe renamed it "Crystallospora thelohani".
This species was later transferred to "Eimeria" by Doflein in 1909.
In 1948 Dogel found the same species in Peter the Great Gulf (Pacific Ocean) off Japan. 
Dyková and Lom in 1981 revived this genus because of its unique sporocyst structure.
Taxonomy.
There is one species in this genus.
Description.
The sporocysts have four sporocysts each with two sporozoites. They are dodecahedral in shape and are composed of two hexagonal, pyrimidal valves joined at their bases by a suture.

</doc>
<doc id="36721479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721479" title="Travno">
Travno

Travno is an urban settlement of the Croatian capital of Zagreb, located in a city district of Novi Zagreb – istok.
It is one of the most the most densely populated settlements in Croatia mostly due to the largest dwelling house in Croatia: Mamutica.

</doc>
<doc id="36721480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721480" title="2011 Stockholm Ladies Cup">
2011 Stockholm Ladies Cup

The 2011 Stockholm Ladies Cup was held from November 3 to 6 at the Danderyds Curling AB in Stockholm, Sweden as part of the 2011–12 World Curling Tour. The event was held in a triple-knockout format, and the playoffs were held in a modified double-knockout format. The purse for the event was 80,000 SEK, with the winner, Liudmila Privivkova, receiving 25,000 SEK.

</doc>
<doc id="36721494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721494" title="Eugen Deutsch">
Eugen Deutsch

Eugen Deutsch (born November 9, 1907 in Ludwigshafen, Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany, killed February 8, 1945 (Aged 37) in Großsteinhausen, Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany) was a German weightlifter who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and won a silver medal in light-heavyweight category. He lifted a total of 365 kg (clean and press - 105 kg, snatch - 110 kg, clean & jerk - 150 kg) at bodyweight of 81 kg. 
He set one light-heavyweight press world record in 1934. He was a member of the club "SC Augusta Augsburg" from Augsburg. He was killed in action during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="36721509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721509" title="World's largest windchime">
World's largest windchime

The world's largest windchime was made by Jim Bolin and is located at 109 East Main Street, Casey, Illinois. The windchime was entered into the Guinness World Records as the Largest Windchime on June 22, 2012. The windchime measures 12.80 m (42 ft) long and consists of five metal tubes which are suspended 14.94 m (49 ft) from the ground. The windchime weighs a total of 16,932.4 pounds.
Construction.
Jim Bolin is the co-owner of family-owned Bolin Enterprises, Inc. (BEI), a pipeline and tank maintenance firm. Bolin, along with BEI welders and fabricators, spent two years designing, planning, and fabricating the windchime. Once completed, the windchime was moved to BEI-owned land at 109 East Main Street, Casey, Illinois and built up as a tourist attraction.

</doc>
<doc id="36721514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721514" title="Djet Donald La'ala">
Djet Donald La'ala

Jet Donald La'ala is an Indonesian football Defender who played for Indonesia in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Palu Putra, Pupuk Kaltim Bontang, PSM Makassar, Persija Jakarta, Persmin Minahasa, Pesma Manado.

</doc>
<doc id="36721529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721529" title="Flight of the Butterflies">
Flight of the Butterflies

Flight of the Butterflies is a 2012 Canadian documentary film directed and co-written by Mike Slee for 3D IMAX, starring Megan Follows, Gordon Pinsent, and Shaun Benson. The film covers Dr. Fred Urquhart's nearly 40-year-long scientific investigation into the monarch butterfly "(Danaus plexippus)," tracking the details of what is considered one of the longest known insect migrations: the flight of the monarch butterfly from Central Mexico to the United States and Canada and back.
Synopsis.
Monarch butterflies are a familiar sight in the United States and Canada most of the year, but disappear from most locations in winter. The documentary film weaves together factual information about the monarchs with a dramatic re-enactment of the search for the answer to the mystery of where they spend the winter. The story line follows Urquhart as a child in Canada, fascinated by the butterflies; his years of research and study, together with his wife and collaborator Norah, into their life and migration; and their recruitment of a pair of amateur naturalists in Mexico to search for and ultimately find the butterflies there, concluding with his time decades later as a senior scientist looking back at his investigations and discoveries about the insect's life pattern. In addition to finding the overwintering sites, he discovered that it takes two or three generations for the monarch butterflies to reach the Canadian breeding grounds, while one much-longer-lived "supergeneration" makes the return trip south into central Mexico.
Production.
With Mike Slee announced as director, the film went into principal development in February 2007. In August 2007, the U.S. National Science Foundation awarded a three million dollar grant to Canadian Shaftesbury Films and its subsidiary SK Films to both develop the film for the giant screen and create its educational outreach program. The grant amount is the maximum available from the NSF. Filming took place through 2011 and 2012, and tracked the butterflies from their winter habitats in central Mexico to their breeding grounds in the southern United States to their summer habitat in Canada, and their subsequent return to Mexico. In filming the butterflies, director Slee considered using ballons, helicopters, and cables, but ultimately decided on use of a 70-foot crane. SK Films announced that principal filming of the one-year project was completed in early March 2012.
Release.
The film had its world premiere on September 24, 2012, at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C., hosted by the Federal government of Mexico, through the Mexico Tourism Board and the Embassy of Mexico. 
An early version of the film was screened at the Maryland Science Center on March 31, 2012, and the completed IMAX version distributed and screened in early October 2012 at various 3D IMAX theaters such as the Liberty Science Center in Jersey City, New Jersey. Portions of the film's box office receipts went to fund butterfly conservation efforts.
Reception.
The film has been favorably received by multiple sources. "Variety" compared the film to "March of the Penguins", writing that as a non-commercial film, it "neatly balances entertainment and education" in a manner "bound to fascinate schoolchildren", and offered that its 3D IMAX visuals were phenomenal. "Washington Post" declared the film a "critic's pick", and in praising the film's 3D IMAX realism, noted the film weaved together the life and studies of Dr. Fred Urquhart and the life cycle of the monarch butterfly from egg to caterpillar to chrysalis to adult insect, and offered that it resulted in "an educational but equally engrossing bit of filmmaking" that was "armchair travel at its most engaging". They also favorably compared the film against "March of the Penguins" for its ability "to tug at heartstrings", and make the viewer feel personally invested in Urquhart's quest. "Ottawa Citizen" wrote that Fred Urquhart's search of discovery into the life of the monarch butterfly was "a remarkable story" and capturing it made "a stunning documentary that fills the screen."
"Slashfilm" offered that before major studios recognized the financial potential of IMAX big screens for releases of blockbuster productions, the "theaters primarily played nature and science documentaries". They welcomed the return of such to IMAX theaters through "Flight of the Butterflies". And in noting the film's imminent October release, and the number of blockbuster films now being offered in the big-screen 3D format, "The Film Stage" offered it as a net positive that IMAX theaters will "have a balance of blockbusters and nature films."

</doc>
<doc id="36721540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721540" title="Adolf Wagner (weightlifter)">
Adolf Wagner (weightlifter)

Adolf Wagner (born June 27, 1911, died April 9, 1984 (Aged 72)) was a German weightlifter who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal in middleweight category. He lifted a total of 352.5 kg (clean and press - 97.5 kg, snatch - 112.5 kg, clean & jerk - 142.5 kg) at bodyweight of 74 kg. 
He was a member of the club "VKSA Essen 88".

</doc>
<doc id="36721543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721543" title="Peralillo Department">
Peralillo Department

The Peralillo Department () was a proposed Chilean department in September 1972 by President Salvador Allende Gossens, with the purpose of de-centralizing the Santa Cruz Department. Peralillo was proposed as the capital of the department by the Member of the Chamber of Deputies Héctor Ríos. The communes which were proposed to form the department were the capital, Marchigüe, Pichilemu, Rosario Lo Solís (now Litueche), La Estrella and Pumanque.
The project of the Peralillo Department, however, was rejected, and the Cardenal Caro Department was created instead, with Pichilemu as the capital, on 13 July 1973, by decree of President Allende.

</doc>
<doc id="36721549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721549" title="Ardi Warsidi">
Ardi Warsidi

Ardi Warsidi is an Indonesian football Defender who played for Indonesia in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Persija Jakarta

</doc>
<doc id="36721565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721565" title="E. S. S. Raman">
E. S. S. Raman

Ekiri Sanjeevi Subramanya Raman (born July 1, 1954) is an Indian politician with the Indian National Congress and was former MLA of Pallipattu constituency. He is a well renowned diabetologist in his home town Pothatturpettai. He represented Pallipattu in Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from 1996-2001 and 2006-2011.
Early life.
Raman was born to E. S. Subramaniam and Saradha in Pothatturpettai in Thiruvallur district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. His grandfather Sanjeeviyar was the district board member during 1937 for the Chittoor district and the president of the local panchayat (unopposed). His father, a rationalist close to veteran Dravidian movement leaders Periyar E. V. Ramasamy and C. N. Annadurai, was a candidate of behalf of the Tamil people party in the first post independence elections in 1952, in which he lost to his nearest rival by 1,021 votes. He was instrumental in getting his younger brother Thyagarajan elected to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly in 1971.
Raman is the only son in his family; he has ten sisters. His family interests covered farming, textile and educational institutions.
Medical career.
After graduating in 1978 from Kilpauk Medical College, Chennai, Raman was hired by the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission as Medical Officer at the government primary health center in his home town. He headed the primary health center from 1978 to 1988, after which he joined Madras Medical College for his post graduate studies. Later he joined the faculty of Stanley Medical College and resigned his government job to partake in politics actively.
During his tenure, he implemented a low cost sanitary latrine program known as RCAP. In his jurisdiction, he successfully completed 500 such RCAP latrines without requesting any financial help from the government. For his unique achievement, the government of Tamil Nadu nominated Raman for a WHO award in the amount of $US 5,000. He was the first person recommended for said award.
Political career.
Raman was district co-convener of the medical wing of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee from 1989 to 1996. He was a strong and loyal follower of G K Moopanar, political heir of K. Kamaraj. After breaking away from Congress in 1996, G. K. Moopanar formed a separate political party named 'Tamil Maanila Congress', an outfit with a regional interest with national fervor. Raman followed his mentor Moopanar and was fielded as the new party candidate for Pallipattu Assembly Constituency by Moopanar in 1996. Raman came out successfully with a margin of 58,492 votes, making all his opponents lose their deposits.
Moopanar nominated Raman as the District President of his party (1998-2001). After the demise of Moopanar, his natural, legal and political heir G. K. Vasan, the present Union Minister of Shipping, merged Tamil Maanila Congress with its parent organization 'Indian National Congress' under the leadership of Sonia Gandhi in 2002. As a follower of Vasan, Raman was appointed the State Organizing Secretary for Tamil Nadu Congress Committee (2002 to till date).
Raman served as the District Election Officer for Salem District and Election Observer for Coimbatore and Erode Districts (organizational Elections) of Tamil Manila Congress. Later after the merger of TMC with Indian National Congress, Raman was granted the opportunity to serve as the High Command Observer for Thanjavur District, native district of his mentors Moopanar and Vasan, by All India Congress Committee (AICC).
Raman was selected for the second time to contest for Tamil Nadu State Assembly General Elections (2006) by AICC and he won again representing Pallipattu Constituency for the second time in the Tamil Nadu Legislation. In 2009, Raman was appointed the All India Congress Observer (Pre-Poll -2009) for Andhra Pradesh by Sonia Gandhi for three parliamentary constituencies and 21 assembly constituencies (Nandyal, Anantapur and Kurnool parliament constituencies); his observations proved nearly 100% successful and he was lauded for the same.
Raman was instrumental in bringing a mini-bus scheme to Tamil Nadu. There was much growth in Pallipat constituency; fundamental facilities like the Taluk Office, fire stations, civil court, Petrol Bunk, gas supply stations, many higher secondary schools, new sub-division for highways Dept, 24x7 three-phase electricity supply, and new electricity sub-stations were established through his efforts as M.L.A. (1996–2001) and (2006–2011).
Author.
Raman has written many books in Tamil, namely "Isaipada vazhvom", "Paalvinai Noigal", "Neeryizhivu Noyalikku Vazhakai Muraigal", "Naalvar Sutriya Naangu Nadugal", "Maruthuvathin Maru Pakkam", and "Padhivugal". His book on diabetes won him the first prize from the government of Tamil Nadu for the best medical Tamil book, for which he was given a cash reward and citation by the then Chief Minister M. G. Ramachandran. The same book was released as an audio cassette, a novel venture at that time, by popular AVM Studios (1983) for the benefit of patients who can listen better than reading. Raman also wrote a book on the life history of Moopanar in the form of poems with rare photographs of the leader.
Raman has contributed many articles to popular Tamil dailies and other periodicals including "Dinamani", "Daily Thanthi", "Kalki", "Manavam", "Manavarism", "Desiya Murasu" and "All India Radio". He was a regular scribe for "Junior Vikatan" and "Kumudam Reporter", the popular bi-weekly magazines of Tamil Nadu, on Tamil Nadu Assembly proceedings (as a critic) for three successive years (2006-2009). Raman has also worked as a cover artist and illustrator for many magazines including "Alai Osai", "Manavam", "Manarism", "Murasoli" and "Vanoli". As a broadcaster he had a rare opportunity to broadcast tributes to the great Congress leader Kamaraj on the day of his demise. 
Raman has travelled widely in and out of India. He undertook a tour to various countries including Hong Kong, Thailand, Malaysia, and Singapore in 1984 and wrote a travelogue on the same. He visited Malaysia and Singapore many other times. He visited the United States in 2011 and participated in the inauguration of a new Joslin Diabetes Center at Pontiac, Illinois.
Philanthropy.
Following the example of his ancestors, Raman has established educational institutions in his home town in memory of his father (1909-1977). ESSM Teacher Training Institute, ESSM College of Education, and ESSM College of Arts and Science serve the needs of the locality and particularly benefit the education of women.

</doc>
<doc id="36721591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721591" title="List of wadis of Libya">
List of wadis of Libya

This is a list of wadis in Libya. This list is arranged by region from west to east, with respective tributaries indented under each larger stream's name.

</doc>
<doc id="36721593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721593" title="Caroline Spencer">
Caroline Spencer

Caroline Spencer Forrester is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera, "The Bold and the Beautiful", created by producer Bradley Bell. She is portrayed by actress Linsey Godfrey. She is the daughter of media mogul Karen Spencer (Joanna Johnson), niece of media mogul Bill Spencer, Jr. (Don Diamont) and namesake of her aunt, Caroline Spencer Forrester (Johnson).
Casting.
On February 7, 2012 is was announced that Joanna Johnson would reprise the role of Karen Spencer and would be arriving alongside her never-before-heard-of-and-seen daughter Caroline, the namesake of deceased twin sister Caroline Spencer. It was announced that actress Linsey Godfrey was cast into the new role. Godfrey is known for her roles on several television series such as "NCIS", "One Tree Hill", and "Wizards of Waverly Place". The character, while unknown to viewers, would be acknowledged and known to those on-screen. In April 2012, it was announced that Crystal Chappell would enter the cast of the series as Caroline's second mother, in the series' first ever lesbian storyline. Godfrey has a tattoo to symbolize her successful battle with Hodgkin’s Lymphoma, which the producers wrote into the show.
Character development.
Caroline's initial storyline revolves around a storyline about her and her same-sex mothers, Karen (Joanna Johnson) and Danielle Spencer (Crystal Chappell), entitled "My Two Moms". Caroline was noted by head writer Bradley Bell and writers Patrick Mulcahey and Tracey Ann Kelly to represent a younger generational view of her mothers' sexuality; Kelly stated: "She did not understand the need to feel secretive, whereas her mother, having dealt with this in a much different time, felt very different about it. So I felt it was wonderful to see the generational difference in the attitude". Caroline's importance in the storyline was a key aspect, as her mothers had their "hands full" while coming together to help Caroline deal with her own problems. The role of Caroline was involved in two romances, the first being with Thomas Forrester (Adam Gregory), before she moved on with his arch-rival Rick Forrester (Jacob Young). 
Rick falls out of love with Caroline and begins falling for an underprivileged aspiring actress, Maya Avant (Karla Mosley); he attempts to dump her but Caroline begins scheming to remove Maya from his life. By this point, she was described by Jamey Giddens of the website Zap2it as "cunning" and scheming "blonde vixen", enjoying her new "fantastically-bitchy" persona. Joanna Johnson, upon her return to the series, characterized Caroline as having changed into "a total bad-ass crazy person" who needed "mothering".
Storylines.
In March 2012, Karen Spencer (Joanna Johnson) returned to town with a surprise trip for her daughter, Caroline to Los Angeles for an interview at Forrester Creations. Brooke Logan Forrester (Katherine Kelly Lang) and Ridge Forrester (Ronn Moss) plan to use Caroline's arrival as a collaborater for Rick Forrester (Jacob Young) and his new line, while Brooke has ulterior motives to use her as a distraction for Rick from Amber Moore (Adrienne Frantz). Upon arrival, both Brooke and Ridge offer a trial deal with Caroline, sparking concern with Karen over their intentions, especially those of Brooke. Caroline accepts the job, as well as Rick. At a welcoming party of the Forrester Estate, Caroline is introduced to everyone in the company. She is, however, given a very dishonest welcome and toast by Amber. She later admits that she felt like she had a special kinship with her aunt Caroline (Johnson), and announced her decision to bring The Caroline Spencer Cancer Foundation, a research fund she runs for her aunt, to Los Angeles.
And the party, Ridge brings Caroline to the guest house where he stayed with Caroline, where he shared several memories about Caroline including the charm bracelet he gave to her. She then revealed to Ridge the cancer ribbon she got in honor of Caroline, located on the back of her neck. As Caroline begins to grow a deeper connection to Rick, Amber begins to manipulate her into believing he enjoys dressing in drag. She catches him in photos wearing dresses, lipstick and walking the Forrester runway in five-inch heels. This continues to drive her away from Rick, believing he is playing her and not being truthful about his true intentions. She then begins to develop a relationship with Thomas Forrester (Adam Gregory); as her relationship intensifies with him, she introduces him to Karen and her life partner, Danielle (Crystal Chappell). They also work together to free Marcus Barber Forrester (Texas Battle) from charges accusing him of running over his friend, Anthony, the night before his wedding to Dayzee Leigh (Kristolyn Lloyd).Thomas and Caroline begin to get serious, even though Rick is interested in Caroline and intends to steal her away from Thomas. Caroline's relationship with Thomas began to hit shaky ground when Thomas began supporting his ex, Hope Logan (Kim Matula), following her split from Caroline's cousin, Liam Spencer (Scott Clifton). Ridge names Thomas interim CEO of Forrester Creations, over Rick, Caroline begins to see a change in him. Thomas and Rick have an argument during which Rick falls out of a window and falsely claims Thomas pushed him. Caroline breaks up with Thomas and starts dating Rick. The relationship starts out well but begins to suffer when Rick meets a woman named Maya. Rick ends his relationship with Caroline after her bad treatment of Maya and the two start dating. Caroline than makes it her mission to get Rick back by helping him with the rebranding of "Hope for the Future" which in turn plays on Maya's insecurities. After a series of misunderstandings, encouraged by Caroline. Maya breaks up with Rick and he reunites with Caroline. The two soon become engaged and with Rick's insistence, they marry in front of their family and friends at the Forrester Mansion on Thanksgiving.

</doc>
<doc id="36721598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721598" title="Ongon">
Ongon

Ongon (Mongolian; plural ongod, Turkish: Ongun, Azerbaijanese: Onqon) is a type of spirit in the shamanistic belief system of Mongolia. It is a common term in Turkish and Mongol mythologies. After death, all shamans become shamanic souls, ongod. Idols can be consecrated to them within three years of the shaman's death and can be placed in the home ("home ongon") or in another locale, such as a shelter out in the open ("field ongon"). The ongon is also the physical representation of that spirit, made by a shaman, which plays a central part in the ritual that invokes the protection of the spirit. One well-known such spirit is Dayan Deerh.
The ongon is particularly important in black shamanism: the main function of the "khar talynkh" or black shaman is to bring people into contact with the ongon, whose spirit they call up "while drumming in a trance". In late-nineteenth century Mongolia, according to Otgony Purev, yellow shamanism revered ongon as well, and every three years yellow shamans gathered in Dayan Deerh monastery in Khövsgöl Province to "renew" these ancestral spirits.
Physical representation.
Ongod are represented in the physical world in various ways. In the case of the Tuvan shamaness Yamaan, an ancestor spirit is represented in the handle of a drum, a carved figure with a pink head and chest, a black crown, and red eyes and forehead. A wire serves as arms, and on another wire "holbogo" are suspended to indicate the spirit's earring. Some ongon live on in the place inhabited by the shaman: Agaaryn Khairhan, a mountain in Khövsgöl Province, takes its name from one of the most powerful shamanesses of the Darkhad clan, Agaaryn Khairhan or Bagdan Udgan, who lived on the mountain in the eighteenth century. In present-day Northern Mongolia, specifically the Darkhad Valley, clusters of ongod are found in transitional or liminal locations, such as the mouths of rivers or the borders between taiga and steppe: In Darkhad Valley, the taiga and surrounding mountains are the traditional areas dominated by shamanism, where the steppe is dominated by Buddhism.
Many Darkhad households own talismans, "lineage talismans" ("yazguur ongod") or "household talismans" ("geriin ongod"), that both contain and attract spirits.

</doc>
<doc id="36721604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721604" title="Commercial Bank of Africa (Uganda)">
Commercial Bank of Africa (Uganda)

Commercial Bank of Africa (Uganda) (CBAU) is a commercial bank in Uganda. The bank opened for business in 2014, following the issuance of a commercial banking license by the Bank of Uganda, the central bank in the country and the national banking regulator. The bank is a member of the Commercial Bank of Africa Group, headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya, with subsidiaries in Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda.
Overview.
CBAU serves the banking needs of individuals and businesses in Uganda. Like its parent company in Kenya, CBAU focuses on meeting the banking needs of large corporations, diplomatic missions, NGOs and high-networth private clients. The parent company raised US$18.2 million (UGX:45.4 billion - KES:1.5 billion), as starting shareholders' equity for CBA Uganda.
History.
Commercial Bank of Africa, the parent company, was founded in 1962 in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. Soon, branches were opened in Nairobi & Mombasa, Kenya and in Kampala, Uganda. When Tanzania nationalized private banks in 1967, the bank moved its headquarters to Nairobi. Following political changes in Uganda in 1971, the bank sold its assets in that country. In July 2005, Commercial Bank of Africa (CBA) acquired majority shareholding in First American Bank of Kenya, which at the time had a Tanzanian subsidiary called United Bank of Africa. In 2007, United Bank of Africa rebranded to Commercial Bank of Africa (Tanzania), returning the brand to the country since 1967. In October 2011, the CBA Group announced plans to enter Uganda. In February 2013, Kenyan print media reported that Commercial Bank of Africa Group was waiting for approval from Bank of Uganda, the national banking regulator, to open CBAU's first branch in Kampala, the country's capital. In January 2014, the necessary approval was granted and Commercial Bank of Africa (Uganda) became the 26th commercial bank in the country.
Ownership.
Commercial Bank of Africa (Uganda) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Commercial Bank of Africa, a large, privately owned commercial bank based in Nairobi, Kenya, and is a member of the CBA Group of Companies.

</doc>
<doc id="36721609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721609" title="Glenburgie distillery">
Glenburgie distillery

Glenburgie, also known as Glenburgie-Glenlivet, Glen Burgie or Glenburry is a whisky distillery near Alves, Moray
History.
There are mentions of a distillery being founded as early as 1810, then known as Kilnflat. It wasn't until 1829 that official records for the distillery show up. After running into financial difficulty, the distillery closed in 1870 before being renamed Glenburgie in 1871. It re-opened in 1878, under Charles Kay. There were several ownership changes in the next decade, lasting until the distillery's expansion in 1890. It was then incorporated in 1895. This situation lasted 30 years; it was liquidated in 1925, and then was closed again between 1927 and 1935.
Around that time the distillery was run by Margaret Nichol, considered the first female manager of any whisky distillery. The distillery was sold to Hiram Walker in 1936.
In a new rejuvenation in 1958, two Lomond stills were installed, alongside the existing stills. The whisky distilled in these stills was kept separate from the rest of the whisky produced by the distillery, and sold under the name Glencraig. Production continued up until 1981 when the experiment with Lomond stills was abandoned, and the stills were replaced with regular stills.
In 2000, production stopped entirely at Glenburgie. The distillery was completely rebuilt in 2003-2004, only retaining the stills from the old distillery. Soon after, in 2006 another two stills were added, bringing the total production capacity to 4,200,000 litres of pure alcohol per year.
Distillery.
The distillery is located on an estate at the Mill Buie hills near Kinloss.
Production.
Most of the whisky distilled at Glenburgie is used for blends, most importantly Ballantine's, but also Old Smuggler.

</doc>
<doc id="36721627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721627" title="Rissopsis">
Rissopsis

Rissopsis is a genus of very small, somewhat amphibious land snails that have a gill and an operculum, semi-terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusk in the family Iravadiidae.
Species.
Species within the genus "Rissopsis" include:

</doc>
<doc id="36721637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721637" title="Cycling at the 2016 Summer Olympics">
Cycling at the 2016 Summer Olympics

The cycling competitions at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro will take place between 6 August and 20 August. The venues will be the Rio Olympic Velodrome for track cycling in the Barra Cluster, the Olympic BMX Center for track cycling and the Olympic Mountain Bike Park for mountain biking in the Deodoro Cluster and the Flamengo Park for the road cycling disciplines in the Copacapana Cluster. Eighteen events will be contested.
Cycling events have been contested in every Summer Olympics programme since the first modern Olympiad in 1896 alongside athletics, artistic gymnastics, fencing and swimming. Compared to the cycling at the 2012 Olympics, there were no changes in the Olympic cycling programme. The International Cycling Union (UCI) announced in February 2013 its intention to ask the IOC to extend the cycling programme by three events for both men and women, including the return of the points races on the track, a BMX freestyle event and a mountain bike eliminator but in August 2013 the IOC stated that the cycling programme will be the same as in 2012.
Venues.
Source
Road cycling courses.
To see the courses and height profiles click here.
All road cycling competitions will take place in the Flamengo Park in the Copacabana Cluster.
Road race.
The road race competitions consist of laps of . The lap consist of three uphill sections. The biggest climb is after about near the Corcovado with an elevation of , another one is after about with an elevation of and the last is after with an elevation of about . After the hilly sections the lap will go alongside the Copacabana beach back to the finish line.
Time trial.
The time trial competitions consist of laps of . The course is flat with two elevations of and has two U-turns.
Mountain biking course.
To see the course and height profile click here.
The mountain bike cross-country competitions consist of laps of and will take place in the Olympic Mountain Bike Park in the Deodoro Cluster with the start and finish at the same place.

</doc>
<doc id="36721641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721641" title="Microsteus">
Microsteus

Microsteus is a genus of small selenosteid arthrodire placoderms known from the Upper Frasnian Kellwasserkalk facies of Late Devonian Germany.
There are three species, "M. dubius" (the type species), "M. angusticeps", and "M. gracilis". "M. angusticeps" differs from the type species in having a head with an angular profile, and "M. gracilis" differs from the other two species by being somewhat narrower in cross-section. Denison (1978) suggests that "M. angusticeps" and "M. gracilis" do not have enough differences from "M. dubius" to merit separate species status, but other authors, such as Rücklin 2011, treat the three as separate species.
"M. angusticeps" and "M. gracilis" originally composed the genus "Parawalterosteus". However, Denison (1978) points out that the two species are not distinct from "Microsteus", and synonymized "Parawalterosteus" with the former genus.

</doc>
<doc id="36721646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721646" title="139th Georgia General Assembly">
139th Georgia General Assembly

Overview.
The 139th General Assembly of the U.S. state of Georgia convened its first session on January 12, 1987, at the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta. The 139th Georgia General Assembly succeeded the 138th and served as the precedent for the 140th General Assembly in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="36721687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721687" title="Aid (rapper)">
Aid (rapper)

Aida Alonso Iglesias (born March 28, 1990), better known as Aid or Aid Alonso, is a Spanish rapper, singer and hip hop songwriter. Jugando was her debut album, which was featured on the frontpage of iTunes with Boogie Vigo song as Latin Single of The Week. That year is proclaimed winner of Heineken Greenspace festival among more of 1300 bands. She have won other competitions like Ones To Watch of Myspace and Marcate un Squares of Kellogs. She has achieved popularity with her first album Jugando (2009) in Latin and Spanish-speaking countries.
Early life.
Aid was born in Vigo, Spain. She knew hip hop culture in 2002 in her neighborhood and school environment. Aid's first interest was graffiti. But she liked to write poetry and soon started to compose and create her first rhymes. She recorded her first tracks around 2003.
Career.
In 2004, a friend of Aid uploaded four of her songs on a Spanish hip hop webpage. She was 14 years old and achieved the top of download of this page, releasing accidentally her first work. In 2007 released her second work Aqui Teneis, an self-released album worked with by some beatmakers of her country.
On October 22, 2008 is proclaimed winner of Heineken Greenspace festival in Valencia (Spain), among more of 1300 bands, acting with Lagartija Nick and Enrique Morente and she was the first rap singer winner and the youngest one.
On February 9, 2009 released her debut album Jugando. Some tracks of cd are interpreted in galician lenguage and other in Spanish.
On July 28, 2009 she was front cover worldwide of iTunes with her single Boogie Vigo as Latin Single of the Week. On September 2009 was Artist of the Month by Ones to Watch of Myspace. On June 11, 2009 was proclaimed winner of Márcate un Squares of Kellogs.
In 2011 Aid was the image of TV spot "A calquera hora" of Galician TV. She is the songwriter and singer of the song "Aprendeo". Song that has achieved more than 300,000 plays on YouTube in less than a year.
In 2012 Aid released Rapoemas, a cd-book where covering classics of the poetry of galician literature like Rosalía de Castro, Álvaro Cunqueiro, Manuel Antonio or Curros Enríquez.
Other works.
She organizes the initiative "Creando Hip Hop", a project that imparts workshops of mcing, graffity and bboying for schools and social centers.
Since 2007, Aid is radio and TV announcer on local media.
She is studying electronic and computing engineering at University of Vigo.

</doc>
<doc id="36721702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721702" title="NFL Quarterback Club 96">
NFL Quarterback Club 96

NFL Quarterback Club 96 is an American football video game released in December 1995. The game was released on the Sega Saturn, Sega Genesis, Game Boy, Sega Game Gear, DOS, and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. The game's cover features San Francisco 49ers quarterback Steve Young passing while being tackled by Chicago Bears defensive lineman Chris Zorich and an unidentified defender. The Saturn, SNES and DOS versions were developed by Iguana Entertainment, while the Game Boy edition was developed by Condor Inc.
Gameplay.
The game has 32 offensive plays and 16 defensive plays. The simulation modes include Preseason, Playoffs and Season, where you play a season of 18 games. Another playable mode is the Quarterback Challenge, where players take control of a quarterback and compete against other quarterbacks in the league in various competitions, such as distance, mobility, obstacle, and accuracy. Players can save their game via passcodes. As the game has the National Football League license, all 30 teams are represented in the game, and players can perform transactions between teams, as well as player substitutions. The game also features the no huddle offense, three camera angles, penalties, three possible clock speeds, weather conditions, player reports, replays, and pre-game shows.
Reception.
The game received mixed to positive reviews. Allgame gave the Genesis version 3 stars out of 5, praising the Quarterback Challenge, but criticized the simulation modes, commenting that the graphics, design and point of view are very weak.

</doc>
<doc id="36721708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721708" title="Mighty Eagle">
Mighty Eagle

The Mighty Eagle (also known as the Warm Gas Test Article) is a Prototype Robotic Lander developed by NASA at the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama.
The vehicle is an autonomous flying testbed that is used for testing hardware, sensors and algorithms. These sensors and algorithms include such things as onboard cameras that, with specialized guidance, navigation and control software, could aid in the capture of orbiting space debris, in-space docking with a fuel depot, docking of a robotic lander with an orbiting command module and the rendezvous of multiple unmanned stages for deep space human exploration of the solar system.
History.
Initial software and hardware development were done on precursor vehicle called the Cold Gas Test Article which used compressed air as a propellant and had about 10 seconds of flight time. The knowledge gained from this development and testing was used in the design of the Mighty Eagle.
The Mighty Eagle prototype lander was developed by the Marshall Center and Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory. Key partners in this project include the Von Braun Center for Science and Innovation, the Science Applications International Corporation, Dynetics Corporation and Teledyne Brown Engineering.
The design of the vehicle began in late 2009 and integration was completed in January 2011. The vehicle was transported to an indoor test facility and bolted to the ground for initial testing, followed by free flight testing. Outdoor testing at another facility ran from August to November 2011. In 2012, a test area at MSFC was developed and the Mighty Eagle tested "Autonomous Rendezvous and Capture" technology. In 2013, enhancements were made including legs that are lighter by about 6.8 kg (15 lbs), a 3D stereo camera that allows the detection and avoidance of 3D (three dimensional) objects and an onboard image processor in preparation for "hazard avoidance" testing.
In July 2013 a hazard field (test area for the lander) consisting of 200 tons of lunar simulant began construction at the Marshall Space Flight Center.
In August 2013 the hazard field was completed. The 3D camera was installed in an enclosure on the vehicle permitting the camera to be pointed at 3 different angles.
After many tests (described below) the Mighty Eagle lander was put into "organization and storage" in December 2013.
For further details see Robotic Lunar Lander Development Project.
The lander is named after the Mighty Eagle character in the "Angry Birds" game.
Specifications.
Three-legged "green" lander:
For additional information see the Robotic Lunar Lander information pages.
Engines.
The NASA Mighty Eagle produces thrust by the violent decomposition of hydrogen peroxide (H2O2) using silver as a catalyst.
Testing.
Prior to the flight tests, each subsystem was testing individually including the propulsion system.
2013 tests.
A hazard field test area that simulates the lunar surface, including boulders, is being prepared. Amongst the test software and hardware modifications was procurement of a quadcopter whose WIFI camera can film midflight.
Further details about the tests and hardware can be found in the "Mighty Eagle: The Development and Flight Testing of an Autonomous Robotic Lander Test Bed" article in Johns Hopkins APL Technical Digest.
Video.
Entire NASA MSFC Mighty Eagle YouTube playlist (official).

</doc>
<doc id="36721718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721718" title="Erik Quekel">
Erik Quekel

Erik Quekel (born 16 April 1987 in Den Bosch) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker for FC Den Bosch in the Dutch Eerste Divisie. He formerly played for TOP Oss, FC Dordrecht and Helmond Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="36721725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721725" title="Bergleder">
Bergleder

Bergleder is a German term, literally meaning "mine leather", and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36721731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721731" title="Demond Washington">
Demond Washington

Demond Washington (born September 30, 1987 in Tallassee, Alabama) is a Canadian football defensive back for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League. 
Washington signed with Winnipeg on April 24, 2012 as a free agent, after spending time with the Kansas City Chiefs in 2011 as one of their final preseason cuts.

</doc>
<doc id="36721743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721743" title="Ferdinand Waititu">
Ferdinand Waititu

Ferdinard Waititu (born January 1, 1962 in Kibera, Nairobi) is the immediate former Member of Parliament for Embakasi Constituency and assistant minister for Water Services and Irrigation in the government of Kenya. He is a former deputy mayor and Councillor of Nairobi.
He was educated in Kenya and India.
He is described as a "fiery politician" and has been arrested on several occasions, including for "hate speech" directed against ethnic Maasai and for protesting the demolition of shanty houses in his district. In September 2012 he was suspended from his government post over charges of hate speech and inciting violence.
He is often referred to as 'Baba yao' (Kiswahili for 'Their father'). He lost the Nairobi gubernatorial election to Dr. Evans Kidero in March 2013.
External links.
Interview with Ferdinand Waititu by Africa Today

</doc>
<doc id="36721776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721776" title="Twopenny (cricketer)">
Twopenny (cricketer)

Twopenny (also Jarrawuk or Murrumgunarrimin) (c. 1845 – 12 March 1883) is generally acknowledged as the first Aboriginal Australian to play first-class cricket.
He was born in Bathurst, New South Wales. He joined the Australian Aboriginal cricket team on its tour to England in 1868. He was primarily a fast bowler, and a hard-hitting lower order batsman. His bowling was limited initially over concerns that his bowling action might be illegal, but taking advantage of the recent change in the Laws of Cricket to allow overarm bowling, he took 9/9 and 6/7 against an East Hampshire side at Southsea, and then 9/17 and 3/39 against a Hampshire team at Southampton. He played in 46 of the 47 matches on the tour, scoring 589 runs at an average of 8.29, and taking 35 wickets at an average of 6.9 from 704 balls bowled. Playing against a Sheffield team at Bramall Lane in August 1868, he hit the ball so far and high that the batsmen were able to run nine runs (with no overthrows).
He played in a single first-class match for New South Wales against Victoria in February 1870, scoring 8 and 0, and taking 0/41 and 0/15. In a timeless match, scores were similar after the first innings, but Victoria scored 337 in their second innings, and won by 265 runs.
He died in West Maitland, New South Wales, from dropsy.

</doc>
<doc id="36721779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721779" title="Davy Brouwers">
Davy Brouwers

Davy Brouwers (born 3 February 1988 in Waterschei, Genk) is a Belgian professional footballer who is currently without a club. He formerly played for Lommel United and Helmond Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="36721782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721782" title="Martin Koster">
Martin Koster

Martin Gert Koster (Dedemsvaart, Netherlands, 1950) is a Dutch writer in the Drèents variety of Dutch Low Saxon. Known for his parodies and sarcasm, he is one of the founders of the Drèents literary magazine "Roet", which sought to broaden the literary appeal of Drèents writing by teasing it away from a focus on nostalgia and trodden paths.
Youth and employment as teacher.
Koster's family on his father's side had lived between the river Reest and the Dedemsvaart canal since the 19th century. His mother's family left the Kingdom of Hannover in the 19th century as asylum seekers, establishing themselves in Roswinkel in the province of Drenthe. Koster himself grew up in the village of Dedemsvaart, in the house from which his parents ran a grocery shop.
The first six years of his life, Koster spoke "nothing but the finest Drèents there is: Riest or south west Drèents". He attended higher secondary education in the provincial capital of Zwolle; at age eighteen he and his parents moved to nearby Hoogeveen in Drenthe. In 1970 Koster took up a study of Dutch at the University of Groningen, where he was qualified as a teacher of Dutch in secondary schools. The university's Low Saxon Institute, where his teachers included professor in Low Saxon Hendrik Entjes, instilled a fondness in him for regional language and dialect writing.
Between 1976 and 1981, Koster was a teacher at Assen, Deventer and Stadskanaal. He was a guest teacher of Drèents at the teachers' college in Meppel. He was a publican for a stint in Nee. In Leek in 2000, he took up a position teaching Dutch to non-native speakers. He has also run a liquor store, been a public transport driver and worked as a shepherd. Today he lives in Lieveren.
Writing and teaching in Low Saxon.
Koster's poems and sketches, which have by and large appeared in "Roet" magazine, were published under a plethora of playful pen names, including the prominent one Meine Roswinkel. He has published under his own name since 1995. Themes in his work include death, loneliness, marginal figures, the precarious position of Low Saxon, and the difficult relationship between men and women. He has frequently parodied other Drèents writers, such as Marga Kool, Roel Reijntjes and Peter van der Velde. 
Koster was a coordinator of teaching methods of several varieties of Drèents and helped compile a Drèents spelling and literature course for local radio station Radio Noord. Between 1986 and 1992 he was a columnist for the Drentse Courant and Dagblad van het Noorden. He also corrected and edited many Drèents-language publications.
With fellow Drèents writer Anne Doornbos, Koster founded the 'Nei Drèents Geneutschap' in 2005, a society which gives awards to people and organizations for doing the Drèents language a good turn. Conversely, the society gives ironic awards to those who it believes have done the language a disservice.
Founding of Roet.
In a pub in Groningen in 1979, Koster suggested creating a literary magazine in Drèents. His fellow student, Ton Kolkman from Twente, was instantly enthused. That same day they wrote the first issue of "Roet" (Drèents for garden weeds). From its improvised beginnings, the magazine went on to become one of the house publications of the Drèents emancipation institute Huus van de Taol. It profiled itself as antagonistic towards stiflingly old-fashioned, unliterary writing. The time of "siep, schaop en scheuper" (sheep dog, sheep and shepherd), proclaimed the editors, was over. Shortly before starting "Roet", Koster had been an editor of "De Pennevogel" (appearing between 1974–1979) which, on a similar tack as its predecessor "'t Swieniegeltje", had included work in several varieties of Low Saxon from the Netherlands and Germany.
As distinct from the older Drèents publication "Oeze Volk", "Roet" published controversially themed pieces on subjects such as homosexuality, which was a first within the world of Drèents writing. Initially publishing only Drèents, it later adapted its policy and included work in Dutch and other languages as well. Koster was an editor of "Roet" for twenty years. In 2004 he published an anthology from 25 years of "Roet" entitled "Strèupers van de taol: 25 jaor Roet" (Poachers of the language: 25 years of Roet).
Koster and the Drentse Schrieverskring.
Koster was a member of the Drentse Schrieverskring, a society of Drèents writers founded in 1953. He started to vent his opinion that the society included many members who were not interested in literature. Some members wanted to see him expelled on the basis of his writings, but under the patronage of the society's president Klaas Kleine he was appointed to the board in 1991.
When discord arose in 1992 because a number of members did not want writer and politician Lukas Koops to become president, Koster supported Koops. Citing a ban placed on himself to talk critically about members, Koster subsequently left the Schrieverskring.
Publications by and about Koster.
With the exception of his poetry and a memoir, Koster's work has mostly appeared as loose contributions. In 1995, Het Drentse Boek published his semi-autobiographical account "Zölfportret mit sparzegelties" (Self-portrait with Spar savings coupons), vignettes largely of his childhood and student life. He made the first Drèents translation of a comic, the Spike and Suzy album "Het hondeparadies" (The dog paradise), published in 1998. In the same year he published the Dutch-language monograph "Tegen de stroom in. Het kunstenaarschap van Rudi Seidel" (Against the grain. Rudi Seidel's life as an artist).
The collection "Hotel an 't spoor" (Hotel along the railroad) brought together Koster's poems of the preceding thirty years (Het Drentse Boek, 2010). It won the 2011 Dagblad van het Noorden regional language prize in the prose and poetry category. The volume includes his oft-quoted short poem "Requiem veur een hunebed of Petrae in de vrömde", which takes an ironic swipe at Drenthe's famous megalithic hunebeds.
The winter 1999/2000 issue of "Roet" was dedicated to Koster on the occasion of his stepping down as editor in chief. In 2006, the Drèents language institute Drentse Taol (now Huus van de Taol) released a writer's portrait about him on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="36721794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721794" title="Anabaenopsis">
Anabaenopsis

Anabaenopsis is a genus of filamentous, heterocystous cyanobacteria that reproduces by fragmentation and with akinetes. The genus is primarily tropical and subtropical, with some species creating blooms in temperate regions during warmer seasons. "Anabaenopsis" contains bloom-formers among planktonic species.
The type species for the genus is "Anabaenopsis elenkinii" V.V.Miller, 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="36721800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721800" title="Bhagath Manuel">
Bhagath Manuel

Bhagath Manuel is a Malayalam film actor, He made his debut in Vineeth Sreenivasan's Malarvadi Arts Club. He is well known for his performance in Doctor Love and Thattathin Marayathu.
Personal life.
Bhagath was born in Muvattupuzha. He was doing his MBA from london UK when he got the chance to act in Vineeth Sreenivasan's directorial debut "Malervadi Arts Club". Bagath is married to Daliya on 26 December 2011 and have a son Steve Bhagath born on 3 January 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36721802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721802" title="Turkey Blind Sport Federation">
Turkey Blind Sport Federation

The Turkish Blind Sport Federation (, GESF) is the governing body to encourage and develop the sport for the blind and vision-impaired in Turkey. It is a member of the International Blind Sports Association (IBSA) and the International Paralympic Committee (IPC).
In 1990, the Turkish Disabled Sports Federation was formed, and the Blind Sport Federation was created as part of this organization in Ankara. On March 7, 2000, the Blind Sport Federation separated as an independent organization. In accordance with the developments on blind sport in Europe, the Federation was officially established on July 12, 2000.
Sports promoted by the federation are:
International events hosted by Turkey.
The federation organized the 4th IBSA World Championships and Games in Antalya on April 1–10, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36721803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721803" title="Cytus">
Cytus

Cytus is a rhythm game developed by Rayark Games, an independent game developing corporation in Taiwan. It was first released on the iOS platform on January 12, 2012. The game was later released on Android on December 4, 2012. The game currently features more than 100 songs, 32 of which are available as IAP, and 7 of which are hidden songs, and 10 of which is exclusive to the Playstation Mobile through "Cytus Lambda". The game features a "Million Downloads Plan" announcing that when for every 100,000 downloads (combined from Android, iOS, and PS Vita), 10 more songs will be added to the game.
Plot.
The name Cytus is taken from Cocytus, the Greek mythological river of wailing or lamentation.
Cytus features a story plot that is carried through its 10 main chapters, namely:
The story revolves around the protagonist, Vanessa, who lives in a 22nd-century world where robots with human memories are the only remaining sentient beings while living humans are killed by a mutant virus. Due to limited memory space, human emotions are stored in the form of music in Cytus, and by playing the songs, the robots are able to revive their human emotions. The plot features the disaster and the protagonist's struggle with identity. The individual songs in each chapter are at most only marginally relevant to the plot except for a limited few.
Gameplay.
Cytus is a score-based music video game that involves the player tapping on, holding or swiping notes as a black bar alternates from top to bottom in tune with the song, known as the Active Scan Line system. The more accurate the player hits these notes, the higher the resulting score will be. Two difficulty levels are available for each song.
Songs.
Cytus uses songs from a variety of genres, composed by artists such as "ICE", "Rabpit", "Persona", "xi", "Cranky", "Tsukasa" and "Sta". Some songs in Cytus have more than one version, with the secret version(s) accessed through gestures in the selection menu, such as timed tapping, swiping, or holding certain spots.
Cytus Lambda.
On June 7, 2013, the Cytus team uploaded a video on YouTube containing a teaser for their upcoming PS Vita port of Cytus, entitled Cytus Lambda. Gameplay and such are similar from the original Cytus, except for the new title screen and ten PS Vita-exclusive songs.
Other media.
Cytus-Prologue-.
A soundtrack for the game was released on April 1, 2012 called "Cytus -Prologue-" (sometimes also referred as "Cytus -The Prologue-") featuring most of the songs from the 2.0 version of the game, with a few from 2.1 (including the Title Screen and Result Screen song).
Cytus-Hindsight-.
The second soundtrack was released on December 10, 2013 called "Cytus -Hindsight-".
Cytus-Foresight-.
The third OST is known as "Cytus -Foresight-".
Cytus-Alive.
A story album called "Cytus -Alive-" has also been released on August 20, 2012; the album features songs composed by Sta and Cranky with the same names as the ten chapters of the game. Each song corresponds to each chapter in the story plot.

</doc>
<doc id="36721809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721809" title="Fierce Five">
Fierce Five

The Fierce Five is the artistic gymnastics team that won the second ever gold medal for the United States in the women's team competition at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Originally referred to as the Fab Five, the team changed its nickname to avoid confusion with the Michigan basketball quintet with the same name. The five members of the team were Gabby Douglas, McKayla Maroney, Aly Raisman, Kyla Ross, and Jordyn Wieber. Later in the Olympic Games, Douglas won a gold medal in the individual all-around event, and became the first African-American to do so; Maroney won silver on vault; Raisman, the team captain, won bronze on balance beam and gold on floor exercise.
Olympic Trials and team background.
At the 2012 U.S. Olympic Trials, Douglas, Wieber, and Raisman finished first, second, and third respectively in the all-around competition. Maroney won the vault competition, Douglas and Ross tied for first on the uneven bars, while Raisman won the balance beam and floor exercise. Afterwards, Douglas, Maroney, Raisman, Ross, and Wieber were the five gymnasts chosen to represent the United States at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Douglas, nicknamed "the Flying Squirrel" for her skill on the uneven bars, finished first at the trials and was thus the automatic qualifier for the team.
The team members were all between the ages of 15 and 18. They were close to each other: Raisman and Wieber had been best friends, and Maroney and Ross had been best friends since they were young. All except Ross were on the U.S. team that won the team competition at the 2011 World Championships. Raisman, the oldest on the team at 18 years old, was elected team captain by the other members. The team's replacement athletes were Sarah Finnegan, Anna Li, and Elizabeth Price, but they were not used at the games.
The team was originally dubbed the "Fab Five" before the Olympics. The members would later (before the Olympics) tell the media that they preferred to be called the "Fierce Five". They were all featured on the cover of "Sports Illustrated"'s Olympic Preview issue; it was the first time since 1996 that a gymnast had appeared on the cover of "Sports Illustrated".
Nickname.
Maroney and Wieber were credited for changing the team's nickname from the "Fab Five" to the "Fierce Five" a few days before their gold medal win at the Olympics. "I guess (Fab Five) was taken by some basketball team or something," Maroney said, referring to the five members of the Michigan college basketball team recruited in 1991. Jalen Rose, a former Michigan Fab Five member, complained about the gymnastics team being dubbed the Fab Five as well. "To use the nickname just points and screams of lazy journalism by the national media, that's really what it is," Rose said. "It's no fault at all of the young gymnasts. But I really wish they would have come up with an even more creative tag for them and their gold medal pursuit." Maroney and Wieber decided for that reason to "come up with an even more creative" name while on the bus to a training session. They reportedly started searching on their phones for words that started with F that described the team. The top choices were feisty and fierce. Maroney and Wieber opted for "fierce", as they said it described their floor routines, and the rest of the team concurred. Maroney also stated, "There have been Fab Fives in the past but I like Fierce Five because we are definitely the fiercest team out there."
Despite the name change, some news sources still used the term Fab Five during the Olympics. When the U.S. won the team competition, NBC announcer Al Trautwig proclaimed, "The Fab Five is going gold!"
2012 Summer Olympics.
Qualifications.
The United States qualified in first place with an overall score of 181.863. Wieber, Douglas, and Raisman competed on all four events. Ross competed on uneven bars, balance beam, and floor exercise. Maroney competed on vault. For the individual all-around competition, Raisman, Douglas, and Wieber qualified in second, third, and fourth place, respectively. Due to the rule allowing only the top two from each country to compete in a World or Olympic individual final, only Raisman and Douglas advanced. Wieber had won the all-around at the previous year's World Championships and was photographed in tears after the qualifications.
Team finals.
Maroney, Douglas, and Wieber started off the team competition by performing the three highest-scoring vaults, giving the U.S. a lead that they would never relinquish. Douglas', Ross', and Wieber's scores combined for the third-highest score on uneven bars. Douglas, Raisman, and Ross kept the team in first with their performances on balance beam. Then, Raisman, Douglas, and Wieber clinched the gold medal by scoring first, third, and fourth highest on floor, respectively. The team finished with a score of 183.596, 5.066 points higher than second-place Russia; this was an "unheard-of" margin of victory. They became the second U.S. team, after the "Magnificent Seven" in 1996, to win the team competition.
Individual all-around and event finals.
In the individual all-around competition, Douglas won the gold medal, becoming the first African-American woman to win the event. She was also the first American gymnast ever to win both the team and individual all-around gold at the same Olympics. Raisman tied for the third-highest score with Russian Aliya Mustafina. A tie breaker was used to determine the bronze medalist, which consisted of the lowest event score being dropped. This led to Mustafina taking the bronze medal.
Maroney was the only American to qualify for the vault final. As the defending world champion in this event, she scored a 15.866 on her first vault but fell on her second, scored a 14.300, and won the silver medal. Her facial expression while standing on the podium became an internet meme.
The only American in the uneven bars final, Douglas, finished in eighth.
On the balance beam, Douglas finished in seventh. Raisman initially received a score of 14.966, which would have left her in fourth place. However, her coach inquired about the difficulty being too low, and the judges accepted and raised her difficulty score by one-tenth of a point. Her 15.066 matched Romanian Cătălina Ponor for third place, and this time, Raisman won the tie-breaker to earn the bronze medal.
In the floor final, Raisman won the gold medal with a score of 15.600, four-tenths ahead of the second-place Ponor. Raisman became the first American woman to win the gold medal on floor, and with her third medal overall, she was the most decorated member of the Fierce Five during the Olympics. Wieber finished seventh in the event.
Olympic scores.
Team competition.
Note 1: Wieber would have qualified for the all-around and Ross for the balance beam final, but they did not because only two athletes may represent each country in all-around and event finals.
Note 2: Although Wieber, Raisman, and Douglas all had top eight finishes on vault, none opted to do a second vault to qualify them for event finals.
Post-Olympics.
In the week after the Olympic Games, the Fierce Five appeared on "The Today Show" and "Late Show with David Letterman". They also rang the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange. In September, they appeared at the MTV Video Music Awards. The Fierce Five members were among those who performed in the 40-city Kellogg's Tour of Gymnastics Champions, which started in September. In November, they met U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House and performed on "Dancing with the Stars" in support of former gymnast Shawn Johnson. In December, Gabby Douglas was named the Associated Press female athlete of the year. Aly Raisman was a contestant on Season 16 of "Dancing with the Stars". The group was nominated for Best Team at the 2013 ESPY Awards, and Douglas and Raisman were also nominated for individual awards. In August 2013, the team was inducted into the USA Gymnastics Hall of Fame. At the 2013 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships, Maroney won a gold medal on vault, and Ross won silver medals on all-around, uneven bars, and balance beam.

</doc>
<doc id="36721827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721827" title="Albert Henry (cricketer)">
Albert Henry (cricketer)

Albert Henry (also known as Alec Henry; c. 1880 – 13 March 1909) was one of the first Aboriginal Australians to play first-class cricket. He was a right handed fast bowler.
Henry was born in Boomah, Queensland and lived at the Deebing Creek Reserve near Ipswich, Queensland.
He played in seven first-class matches for Queensland between March 1902 and April 1905, scoring 36 runs in 13 innings and taking 21 wickets at an average of 32.04.
He made his first-class debut in the match between Queensland and New South Wales in Brisbane in March 1902. This match became the subject of much media attention in Australia, because it was the first time that two Aboriginal Australians had played in opposing teams at first-class level, with the New South Wales team including Jack Marsh, another fast bowler who had been accused of throwing. Henry was reputedly the fastest bowler in the world.
As part of the media promotion of the match-up between the pair, Henry was taken to Ipswich station to meet Marsh. Marsh was reported in the media as having said "Say old man, toss me up a soft one so I can get a smack at you". Marsh took 2/64 and 3/67 and Henry took 2/59 and 1/38 in a drawn match. Marsh and Henry each bowled three of their victims. They also dismissed one another once, each being bowled for nine in their respective team's first innings, and neither batted in their team's second innings, creating some symmetry in the scorecard. Nine was to remain Henry's highest first class batting score.
Henry also played against Marsh in his second first-class match, between Queensland and New South Wales at Brisbane in November 1902. Henry scored 2 and 4 not out, and took 0/39 and 5/40, his best single-innings bowling return, but New South Wales won by 77 runs.
Henry played against New South Wales at Sydney in December 1902, scoring 7 and 0 and taking 3/86 and 0/70 as New South Wales won by 2 wickets; against Victoria at Brisbane in January 1903, taking 3/76 and scoring 4 and 1 not out as Victoria won by an innings and 327 runs; against the touring MCC side in November 1903, taking 2/60 – the wickets of Len Braund and Ted Arnold – and 0/21 and scoring 0 not out twice, as MCC won by 6 wickets.
He played in his last first-class matches against New South Wales, at Sydney in December 1903, taking 0/57 and 4/49 and scoring 0 and 0*, with New South Wales winning by 2 runs, and at Brisbane in April 1905, taking 1/78 and New South Wales winning by an innings and 12 runs.
After he was no-balled for throwing in a club match in 1904, he confronted the umpire AL Crossart, saying that his good balls were no-balled, but the balls he threw deliberately were not!
After disagreements with the authorities at Deebing, he was moved to Barambah (now Cherbourg) and then Yarrabah, where he died of tuberculosis before his 30th birthday.

</doc>
<doc id="36721851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721851" title="Pepijn Veerman">
Pepijn Veerman

Pepijn Veerman (born 6 Maart 1992 in Roosendaal) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a striker for AFC in the Dutch Topklasse. He formerly played for RBC Roosendaal and Helmond Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="36721857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721857" title="Claudine Tiercelin">
Claudine Tiercelin

Claudine Tiercelin is a French philosopher, working on metaphysics and philosophy of science. She is professor of philosophy at the Collège de France, after having been professor at the Paris 12 Val de Marne University.

</doc>
<doc id="36721867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721867" title="Kenneth Kaushansky">
Kenneth Kaushansky

Kenneth Kaushansky, M.D., Master of the American College of Physicians (MACP) (born October 20, 1953) is an American physician, hematologist, former editor of the medical journal "Blood", and has served as the Dean of the Stony Brook University School of Medicine since July 2010. Prior to moving to Stony Brook, he was the Helen M. Ranney Professor, and Chair of the Department of Medicine at University of California, San Diego School of Medicine.
Early Life and Education.
Kenneth Kaushansky was born on October 20, 1953 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. His father who “always wanted to be an American” migrated with the family to the USA, when Kaushansky was 2 years old. Kaushansky graduated from UCLA in 1975, summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa with a B.S. in biochemistry. He stayed at UCLA to obtain his medical degree in 1979. It was here that he met his future wife Lauren who was also at the time enrolled as a student at UCLA. As he left to join the University of Washington in Seattle to complete his internship and residency, Lauren enrolled for a Master’s in Education at Antioch University in Seattle. Kaushansky was appointed Chief Resident at the Swedish Medical Center in Seattle, Washington in 1982.
Describing himself as a “biochemist at heart”, Kaushansky fell in love with hematology during his second year of residency. Curious about blood diseases and disorders, he chose to focus on the field during his fellowship between 1982 and 1986 at the University of Washington. His decision to pursue hematology was also influenced by the persuasive arguments of Dr. Clement Finch, the then Chief of Hematology at the University of Washington, who said “there is no other discipline in medicine where we know more about the biochemistry of disease than in hematology”. In a Q&A session with the American Society of Hematology, Dr. Kaushansky recalled: 
During his time in Seattle, he was honored with the NIH Physician Scientist Award in 1984, given to promising physician-scientists early in their careers. He was also awarded the junior faculty award by the American Cancer Society and was elected a member of the American Society for Clinical Investigation and the Association of American Physicians.
In 2002, Kaushansky was appointed as Chair and Helen M. Ranney Professor of the Department of Medicine at the University of California, San Diego. The Helen Ranney Chair in Medicine was the first research chair at the medical school named after a professor, the first endowed chair funded by the faculty, and the first endowed chair at UCSD named in honor of a woman professor. Helen Margaret Ranney was the first female president of Association of American Physicians, and her landmark research established one of the earliest links between genetic factors and sickle cell disease. On her demise in April 2010, Kaushansky (who had known her through his work in medical research) wrote in a moving tribute, “Helen’s career was marked by her intelligent approach to both clinical and research issues, her ability to achieve and inspire greatness, and her incredible wit”.
Between 2003 and 2009, Kaushansky was named on the list of America’s Top Doctors and San Diego’s Top Doctors in Internal Medicine. In 2004, he was also elected a member to the prestigious Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences.
Work and Research.
In July 2010, Kaushansky was named the Senior Vice President for Health Sciences and the Dean of Stony Brook Medicine. He succeeded Dr. Richard N. Fine who announced his intent to return to practicing pediatric nephrology in 2009. As Dean and Senior VP, Kaushansky oversees the education, clinical and research components of the School of Medicine and the Health Sciences, which include the School of Dental Medicine, School of Health Technology and Management, School of Nursing and the School of Social Welfare. He also has some oversight responsibility for Stony Brook University Medical Center, and oversight for the Long Island State Veterans Home. With 25 academic departments, 21 residency training programs and 27 fellowship training programs at Stony Brook Medicine, and as part of the only Academic Medical Center on Long Island, Dr. Kaushansky increased enrollment to help meet a growing need for physicians nationwide and welcomed 124 men and women to the class of 2012 – the largest incoming class ever. Stony Brook Medicine is also home to a $4 million, 6,000 square-feet Clinical Skills Center, a state-of-the art training center where medical students evaluate and diagnose patients through teaching modules that incorporate the use of actor patients and computerized mannequins that simulate characteristic disease conditions.
Dr. Kaushansky’s appointment at Stony Brook was lauded by several academicians such as Eric W. Kaler the then Provost and Vice-President of Brookhaven Affairs at Stony Brook University and Dr. Edward J. Benz, the President of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and past president of the American Society of Hematology and the American Society for Clinical Investigation.
Eugene Braunwald, M.D., Distinguished Hersey Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School described the decision to appoint Kaushansky at Stony Brook University School of Medicine as “brilliant”.
Kaushansky’s lab at Stony Brook focuses on hematopoietic growth factors and the regulation of their gene expression. The lab also runs several projects to understand the physiology of megakaryotic developments and the tools necessary to perform gene therapy for bleeding disorders. Dr. Kaushansky has conducted seminal research on the molecular biology of blood cell production. As reported in journals such as "Nature" and "The New England Journal of Medicine", his team has cloned several of the genes important in the growth and differentiation of blood cells, including thrombopoietin, a key regulator of stem cell and platelet production.
Thrombopoietin is the powerful hormone that the body uses to direct the bone marrow to produce platelets, the disk-like cells that are necessary for blood to clot.
In June 1994, the New York Times reported that Dr. Kaushansky along with a team from ZymoGenetics had found the mouse thrombopoietin gene, cloned it, produced recombinant hormone, demonstrated that it worked as expected in mice and then found the human hormone by looking for a human gene that resembled the mouse gene.
In recent years his group has established that thrombopoietin exerts a profound influence on hematopoietic stem cells, affects the expression of a number of transcription factors that influence stem cell fate decisions (HOXB4, HOXA9, c-Myb, HIF1A) and has unraveled the pathobiology of several congenital disorders of thrombopoiesis.
Kaushansky served as the Editor-in-chief of the medical journal "Blood" for 5 years between 1997 and 2002. Just before assuming this position, he was awarded the William Damashek Prize. William Damashek was the founder of "Blood" and a renowned hematologist. The Damashek Prize is awarded annually to someone less than 50 years of age, who is deemed to have made “outstanding contributions” to hematology. In 2006 and 2007, Kaushansky was elected as a member the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and honored as a Master of the American College of Physicians. He is also the former president of the American Society for Clinical Investigation and the American Society of Hematology.
Personal life.
Ken Kaushansky is married to Lauren Elizabeth Kaushansky and together they have two children- Alexis and Joshua Kaushansky. Alexis is a PhD molecular biologist and Joshua is an economist for the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities based in Boston. Kaushansky and his wife reside in Eatons Neck, New York
Selected Publications.
Kaushansky K: Thrombopoietin. Drug Therapy Series. "The New England Journal of Medicine 339:746-754, 1998

</doc>
<doc id="36721883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721883" title="Pegasus EDA 100 Flamingo">
Pegasus EDA 100 Flamingo

The Pegasus EDA 100 Flamingo is a Slovenian ultralight aircraft, designed and under development by Pegasus d.o.o. of Branik. The Flamingo was introduced to the public at the Aero show held in Friedrichshafen in 2010. The aircraft will be supplied as a complete ready-to-fly-aircraft and is expected to be distributed by Fly Synthesis in Europe.
Design and development.
The Flamingo was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules and intended as both a touring aircraft for private ownership and a trainer for flying school use. It features a cantilever low-wing, a two-seats-in-side-by-side configuration enclosed cockpit under a bubble canopy, fixed or optionally retractable tricycle landing gear and a single engine in tractor configuration.
The aircraft is made from composites. Its span wing has an area of and mounts flaps. The standard engine available will be the Rotax 912ULS four-stroke powerplant, which is expected to give a cruise of for the fixed gear version and for the retractable version.

</doc>
<doc id="36721884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721884" title="Mees Siers">
Mees Siers

Mees Siers (born 6 October 1987 in Zelhem) is a Dutch professional footballer who is currently without a club. He formerly played for De Graafschap, AGOVV Apeldoorn and Helmond Sport.

</doc>
<doc id="36721889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721889" title="IBN TV">
IBN TV

IBN TV is an Islamic television channel based in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="36721891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721891" title="Loefgrenia">
Loefgrenia

Loefgrenia is a monospecific, freshwater, epiphytic genus of non-heterocystic cyanobacterium known from Brazil.
The type and only known species for the genus is "Loefgrenia anomala" Gomont .

</doc>
<doc id="36721916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721916" title="1312 in Norway">
1312 in Norway

Events in the year 1312 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36721920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721920" title="Football records in the Republic of Ireland">
Football records in the Republic of Ireland

This page details football records in the Republic of Ireland.

</doc>
<doc id="36721921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721921" title="Guante">
Guante

Kyle Tran Myhre (born January 23, 1983), better known by his stage name Guante, is an underground hip hop artist and slam poet from Minneapolis. Much of Guante's music explores social justice issues like poverty, greed, and discrimination.
Discography.
Albums
EPs
Mixtapes
Compilations
References.
Link label} http://www.springboardexchange.org/people/guante.aspx

</doc>
<doc id="36721939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721939" title="K.A.P.Viswanatham Government Medical College">
K.A.P.Viswanatham Government Medical College

K.A.P. Viswanatham Medical College (Tamil: கி.ஆ.பெ. விஸ்வநாதம் அரசு மருத்துவக்கல்லூரி) is a medical college run by the state government of Tamil Nadu, which is recognized by Medical Council of India. It is located in the city of Trichy, in Tamil Nadu. The college was ranked third by students in counselling in 2010. It is located at Periya Milagu Paarai in the heart of the city.
History.
The college was inaugurated by the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, M. Karunanidhi, on 1997 in memory of Tamil scholar and businessman K. A. P. Viswanatham.
Accreditation and affiliation.
The college is affiliated to Tamil Nadu Dr. MGR Medical University. The Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital (earlier known as Annal Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital) is located near the college.
Facilities.
The college has more than 30 departments with individual libraries and medical laboratories. On-campus accommodation is available with three men's hostels and a women's hostel. It has an auditorium with a seating capacity of 750. It has four lecture halls with a seating facility for 150. The central library is located at the extreme end of the campus, with 7,000 books and national and international journals. It has two reading halls, one each for Post Graduates' and Professors'. 
Both indoor and outdoor games facility are available. It has a gym, a Basketball ground, three Shuttle Courts, one badminton and two volleyball grounds. Ring Ball, Throw ball, Table Tennis, Cricket, Foot Ball are also there. 

</doc>
<doc id="36721940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721940" title="Lova Boy">
Lova Boy

Lova Boy is a recording artist and entrepreneur from Belize, specializing in Punta rock music.
Biography.
Daniel Cacho aka Lova Boy, The self-proclaimed "Prince Ah Belize", grew up on the impoverished streets of Dangriga, Belize.
A descendant of the Garifuna people Lova Boy is the son of a mother who came to America from Belize during the 1980s in pursuit of the American dream.
Like so many other children of his generation whose parents were either absent or addicted to drugs, Lova Boy credits his grandmother with giving him love, structure, and discipline.
A well-known traditional Punta singer, Elvira Lambey (Guribiyuwa) was one of Lova Boy’s earliest musical influences.
But still, with his father elsewhere, a missing mother, and an abusive uncle to contend with, it wasn’t long before Lova Boy started to get into trouble and when his grandmother died it only complicated matters for the young man.

</doc>
<doc id="36721944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721944" title="HNLMS O 16">
HNLMS O 16

O 16 was a unique submarine of the Royal Netherlands Navy that saw service during World War II. The design came from "G. de Rooy" and had a diving depth of 80 meters. She was the first submarine of the Royal Netherlands Navy manufactured from high quality Steel 52. Also riveting was reduced 49% and replaced by welding when compared to preceding ships.
Ship history.
The submarine was laid down on 28 December 1933 at the "Koninklijke Maatschappij De Schelde", Vlissingen and launched on 27 January 1936. 16 October 1936 she was commissioned in the Dutch navy.
Before the war she performed convoy duties during the Spanish Civil War. In 1939 she was sent to the Dutch East Indies via the Suez Canal and attached to the submarine division there. During the war she sunk three Japanese troopships and damaged several others. On 15 December 1941 during her homebound voyage to Singapore "O 16" hit a Japanese mine while leaving the Gulf of Siam. Only one man out of the crew of 42 survived.
In October 2013, a crane vessel was photographed dredging up the wreck for sale as scrap metal.
Summary of raiding history.
Ships sunk and damaged by "O 16".

</doc>
<doc id="36721945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721945" title="Take the Stage">
Take the Stage

Take The Stage is a non-scripted singing competition starring Johnny Wright and Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, and produced by YOBI.tv.
"Take The Stage" has been likened to shows such as American Idol, The Voice, and X Factor in that the contestants are put through a variety of challenges to see who has what it takes to be the next musical sensation. It has also, however, been noted as different from these shows for its non-reliance on professional or celebrity judges and the absence of progressive eliminations, as well as for its focus on original music. 
The winner of "Take The Stage" will be determined solely by viewer votes and will get $20,000 and a music management contract with Johnny Wright and YOBI.tv.
"Take The Stage" is currently airing on YOBI.tv and on Myspace.
Stars and Guest Stars.
"Take The Stage" stars a number of music industry, media, and visual arts experts. 
Featured Musicians.
The nine musicians featured on "Take The Stage" earned their way onto the show by winning the YOBI.tv Season 4 YOBISing contest.
Production.
"Take The Stage" was filmed in late March and early June 2012 at a number of locations around the Detroit metropolitan area. Behind the scenes photos of the cast and crew are available on the official "Take The Stage" production blog.
Episodes.
Episode titles, descriptions, and release dates are from the Take The Stage IMDb page. 
Original songs.
Each "Take The Stage" artist has five original songs on the official series websites.
Results and Prizes.
The series finale was broadcast live via Ustream on October 7, 2012. The show featured Johnny Wright and all nine of the Take The Stage artists, as well as special guest Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins. Those results and the prizes won by each artist are as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="36721947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721947" title="Temperate House">
Temperate House

The Temperate House, opened in 1862, is a Grade I-listed showhouse for Kew's largest plants. Rectangular, with pitched roofs, its pillars support wrought-iron ribs. Decimus Burton, the designer, gave the House a mix of decorative motifs, finials, pediments, acanthus leaf capitals, Coade stone urns and statues. According to Greg Redwood, Kew's head of glasshouses, "The effect is similar to the contemporary iron pier pavilions of Eugenius Birch." 
It was positioned to be the first feature visitors saw as they entered the gates with the anticipated coming of the first railway station at Kew expected to be at the end of the adjacent avenue. However, Kew Gardens station (London), was built 500 yards to the north - leaving the glasshouse "somewhat stranded in the landscape". 
In 2011 Kew had to launch a £15m public appeal to address needed repairs to the Temperate House. An early exercise in cast- and wrought-iron and glass construction, the building is structurally sound but the Victorians hid utilitarian features liked drainpipes inside the stone columns. Water round the edge of the building leads to rust on the iron to push against the masonry which is falling away. Decorative features made of wood are rotting. It last underwent a major restoration in the late 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="36721963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721963" title="List of Ironside episodes">
List of Ironside episodes

"Ironside" is a Universal television series that ran on NBC from September 14, 1967 to January 16, 1975. The series starred Raymond Burr as a paraplegic Chief of Detectives, Robert T. Ironside. "Ironside" consists of a 2-hour pilot, eight seasons of episodes, and a reunion TV-movie.
Series overview.
At present, the first four seasons have been released on DVD by Shout! Factory.

</doc>
<doc id="36721977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721977" title="Hello Again (Neil Diamond song)">
Hello Again (Neil Diamond song)

"Hello Again" is a song written by Neil Diamond and Alan Lindgren that appeared in the 1980 movie "The Jazz Singer" and was performed by Diamond on the soundtrack album to the film. It was also released as a single and reached #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #3 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart in the US. "Billboard" also rated it as the #70 pop single overall for 1981. It performed less well in the UK, reaching only #51. It has been covered by several artists and orchestras, including Celtic Thunder, Donny Osmond and Steve Cherelle.
"Hello Again" was described by Neil Diamond biographer Laura Jackson as a "slow tender ballad." Allmusic critic Johnny Loftus considers it Diamond's "signature late-career ballad." Author T. Mike Childs rated it as a "terrific" ballad. Movie reviewer Joe Peacock described "Hello Again" as being "keenly affecting to the emotions." On the other hand, author Joshua Piven considers the song "a painfully boring lullaby." "Billboard Magazine" critic Vicki Pipkin claims that Diamond's performance of the song in "The Jazz Singer" is "poignant." "Pittsburgh Press" music editor Carl Apone claimed that Diamond was at his best in "The Jazz Singer" in the songs "Hello Again" and "Love on the Rocks."

</doc>
<doc id="36721980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721980" title="Stephanie Reilly">
Stephanie Reilly

Stephanie Reilly (née O'Reilly, born 23 February 1978 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish long distance runner who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 3000 metres steeplechase.
Running career.
Steph has basically been involved in athletics since she could walk. Daughter of coach Noreen O’Reilly, Steph went through the ranks of Inbhear Dee Athletic Club trying a wide range of events from sprints, to jumps to middle distance and cross country. It was only in her late teens when she finally made her mark as a middle distance runner. She was a three-time Irish National Junior Champion in the 800 m, 1500m and 3,000m and represented the Irish National Team at the European Junior Cross Country Championships in 1996, where she first met her husband Paul Reilly.
She went to Providence College in Rhode Island, USA on an athletic scholarship in 1997. A 2001 Graduate of Providence College, she was a member of two New England Championship Teams in 1998 and 1999 and one BIG EAST Conference Championship team in 1997. Named Indoor Track Team Captain in 2000 and Outdoor Captain in 2001, she was an NCAA provisional qualifier in the 3000 meters in 1998. In 2004, she received her Masters Degree in Guidance and Counseling from Providence College.
In 2005 Steph married Paul Reilly, Providence College team mate from Loughrea, Galway. Running took a small backstep with the birth of first son, Marcus Paul Reilly in November 2005 and just as Steph was getting back into shape again along comes second son Dylan Oisin Reilly in April 2007. But having to balance work and family has brought out the best in Steph’s running with 2010 being a year of PB’s, and a first selection as a Senior International for Ireland in the 3000m Steeplechase at the IAAF 2010 European Championships in Barcelona.
Steph's success at an International Level continued into 2011 with an amazing performance at the New York Diamond League, running Running a PB of 9.42.91 in the 3000m Steeplechase achieving both an A Standard for both the IAAF 2011 World Championships in Daegu & more importantly the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
Reilly qualified for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 3000 metres steeplechase. She finished 27th out of 44 runners in the initial heats, and did not qualify for the final.
Coaching.
Steph begins her first year as interim head men’s and women’s cross country and track & field coach at Bryant University in 2007-08, having previously served as an assistant coach during the 2006-07 season. After serving as the interim head coach for the 2007-08 season, Steph was appointed Head Coach of the Bryant Men’s and Women’s Cross Country / Track & Field Teams in July, 2008.
Steph followed up her Olympic experience with a record setting 2012-13 season for the Bryant Bulldogs. It started in the fall as Reilly engineered one of the best seasons in cross country history at the DI level. She led the women’s cross country team to a third-place team finish on her way to Northeast Conference Coach of the Year honors. This momentum carried the Bulldogs into the track and field seasons where Reilly’s squad rewrote the record book. In all, the Bulldogs set 13 school records during the indoor and outdoor track and field seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="36721982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721982" title="Dan Thompson (footballer)">
Dan Thompson (footballer)

Daniel Anthony Fabian M. Thompson (born 4 July 1994) is an English footballer, who plays for Bognor Regis Town. He is a striker.
Career.
Hampton & Richmond.
Thompson started his career at Hampton & Richmond Borough F.C.. He made his debut with only 16 years old, on 12 March 2011, against Weston-super-Mare A.F.C.. He scored his first career goal three days later, against Woking F.C.. His success at the club earned him trials at Stoke City in July, Newcastle, Crystal Palace in October and QPR.
Portsmouth and loans.
On 5 January 2012, Thompson signed for Portsmouth, in a one-year scholarship deal. This caused concern for Hampton & Richmond as they expected compensation.
After his signing to Portsmouth, Thompson joined Havant & Waterlooville on loan until the end of the season, to gain first-team experience. 
He made a total of 13 appearances (12 league matches and 1 was a friendly against Bournemouth).
After the end of the season, Thompson was promoted to the Portsmouth first team. And made his debut on 14 August, starting in a Football League Cup match against Plymouth Argyle. Due to an increase in players, Thompson was relegated to the Development squad. On 29 October 2012, he scored 4 goals against Gosport, in a friendly match for the Development squad. Despite his performance against Gosport, the manager Guy Whittingham ruled out his involvement in first team squad, due to 20-man shortage. 
On 21 November 2012, Thompson joined Dorchester Town on an initial month long loan, alongside George Colson. Thompson made his debut in a FA Trophy match against Luton Town coming on as a substitute in the 78th minute, the match ended in a 2-2 draw.
In January 2013 Thompson signed for Isthmian Premier Division side Bognor Regis Town FC on a month long loan.
In March, Thompson was told that his Pompey contract would not be renewed. After his return to Pompey, he was released.
Back to Hampton.
In July, Thompson returned to Hampton, making his re-debut for the club on 25 September, against Wingate & Finchley.
Hayes and Yeading.
In December 2013, he joined Conference South side Hayes and Yeading United.

</doc>
<doc id="36721989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721989" title="Love on the Rocks (Neil Diamond song)">
Love on the Rocks (Neil Diamond song)

"Love on the Rocks" is a song written by Neil Diamond and Gilbert Bécaud that appeared in the 1980 movie "The Jazz Singer" and was performed by Diamond on the soundtrack album to the film. It was also released as a single and reached #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 for four weeks in January of 1981, during the five-week reign of (Just Like) Starting Over by John Lennon. In addition to the main chart Love on the Rocks also made it to #3 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart in the US. "Billboard" also rated it as the #26 pop single overall for 1981. It performed less well in the UK, reaching only #17. It was covered by Millie Jackson on her 1981 album "Just a Lil' Bit Country", and by Gladys Knight on the album "Great Solo Performances by Guest Artists from the Tom Jones Show, Vol. 1". Bécaud covered the song on his 1991 album "Mon Copain".
"Billboard Magazine" critic Vicki Pipkin called "Love on the Rocks" a "powerful ballad in true Diamond style." "Billboard" also called the song "one of Diamond's more powerful readings." Neil Diamond biographer Laura Jackson describes the lyrics as taking "a sometimes cynical look at a man who is trapped in a relationship and is disillusioned with life." Allmusic critic Johnny Loftus calls it a "lite FM favorite" and "classic, raw-throated Neil." Author T. Mike Childs rated it as a "terrific" ballad. "Pittsburgh Press" music editor Carl Apone claimed that Diamond was at his best in "The Jazz Singer" in the songs "Hello Again" and "Love on the Rocks."
The Darkness paid tribute to Neil Diamond's "Love on the Rocks" with their own 2002 song "Love on the Rocks with No Ice."

</doc>
<doc id="36721991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721991" title="Roy Chamberlain">
Roy Chamberlain

Roy H. Chamberlain (1862 - date of death unknown) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Biography.
Chamberlain was born in 1862 in Clarinda, Iowa. He served as Postmaster of Clarinda from 1895 to 1899. He served as clerk and acting collector of customs for the United States Military and Naval Forces in Havana, Cuba from 1899 to 1901. He served as Collector of Internal Revenue in Honolulu, Hawaii from 1901 to 1908.
Federal Judicial Service.
On June 3, 1908, President Roosevelt appointed Chamberlain to the Board of General Appraisers via a recess appointment. On December 8, 1908, President Roosevelt nominated Chamberlain to the same seat, which had been vacated by Wilbur Fisk Lunt. He was confirmed by the Senate on January 11, 1909 and received his commission on January 15, 1909. He served on the board until he was removed from office by President Taft on March 3, 1913. He was succeeded on the board by Judge George Stewart Brown.
Circumstances of his removal from office.
Chamberlain's removal from office followed an investigation by a commission appointed for the purpose and consisting of Assistant Attorney General Winfred T. Dennison, Collector of the Port of New York William Loeb and law officer of the Bureau of Insular Affairs Felix Frankfurter future Supreme Court Justice. Chamberlain had been accused of incompetence in office. The commission determined on February 13, 1913 that Chamberlain was not an attorney and was not qualified to hold office. The commission further determined that decisions written by Chamberlain while on the Board had actually been prepared by another person. On March 3, 1913, President Taft upheld the commission's decision and removed Chamberlain from office.
Later life and death.
After his removal from office, he worked as a grocer in Bradford, Pennsylvania from 1920 to 1930. His date and place of death are unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="36721997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36721997" title="Stachytarpheta mutabilis">
Stachytarpheta mutabilis

Stachytarpheta mutabilis is a species of flowering plant in the verbena family known by the common names changeable velvetberry, coral porterweed, pink snakeweed, red snakeweed, and pink rat tail. It is native to Mexico, the Caribbean, and South America. It can be found in many other places as an introduced species. It is cultivated as an ornamental plant.
This species is a perennial herb or subshrub generally growing 10 to 20 centimeters tall, sometimes reaching half a meter. The hairy stems have oppositely arranged leaves. The leaf blades are leathery in texture and oblong or lance-shaped. They measure up to 12 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a narrow spike up to 60 centimeters long. The flowers come in many shades of red and pink.
This species sometimes escapes cultivation and becomes established in the wild. It can be weedy, growing in disturbed habitat such as pastures and roadsides.
This plant is an introduced invasive species in Fiji, Hawaii, Queensland, and Singapore.
The flowers are attractive to a variety of insects. The butterflies "Ornithoptera priamus poseidon" and "Papilio ulysses" have been observed foraging on the plant, as has the bee "Amegilla sapiens". Parts of the plant contain the iridoid glycoside ipolamiide, which inhibits insect predation on the plant.

</doc>
<doc id="36722020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722020" title="2012–13 Southend United F.C. season">
2012–13 Southend United F.C. season

This page shows the progress of Southend United F.C. in the 2012–13 football season. They will play their third successive season in the fourth tier of English football, League Two.

</doc>
<doc id="36722024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722024" title="Look Here (horse)">
Look Here (horse)

Look Here (foaled 28 February 2005) is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the 2008 Epsom Oaks. In a racing career which lasted from October 2007 to October 2009 the filly ran nine times times and won two races. After winning her only race as a two-year-old, Look Here finished second on her three-year-old debut. She then won the Classic Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom, in which she was a 33/1 outsider. Look Here never won another race, but finished third in the St Leger Stakes, Coronation Cup and Pretty Polly Stakes.
Background.
Look Here is a bay mare with a white star bred by her owner, Julian Richmond-Watson's Lawn Stud in Northamptonshire, England. Richmond-Watson, the senior steward of the Jockey Club, operated on a small scale: at the time he had only four mares at stud. Look Here was sired by the French stallion Hernando, who won the Prix du Jockey Club and finished second in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe. As a breeding stallion, his best known offspring is the multiple Group One winner Sulamani. Look Here was one of seven winners produced by her unraced dam Last Look.
The filly was trained throughout her career by Ralph Beckett at Whitsbury, Hampshire.
Racing career.
2007: two-year-old season.
Look Here made her first and only appearance of 2006 at Salisbury Racecourse in October. She started a 16/1 outsider for the Southampton Maiden Stakes, a one mile race open to colts and fillies, with the colt Doctor Fremantle being made 1/3 favourite. Ridden by Kerrin McAvoy, Look Here took the lead inside the last quarter mile and stayed out the distance well to beat Doctor Fremantle by two and a half lengths.
2008: three-year-old season.
On her three-year-old debut, Look Here was sent to contest the Listed Oaks Trial Stakes at Lingfield Park, where she was ridden for the first time by Seb Sanders. After being restrained in the early stages she finished strongly to take second place, three quarters of a length behind Miracle Seeker. Sanders later admitted that he had given the filly a poorly judged ride.
The 2008 running of the Epsom Oaks appeared likely to be dominated by Irish-trained fillies: the Jim Bolger-trained Lush Lashes started favourite ahead of Katiyra (John Oxx) and Chinese White (Dermot Weld), whilst Aidan O'Brien's Ballydoyle stable was represented by five runners. Only two of the sixteen runners started at longer odds than the 33/1 shot Look Here. Sanders settled his filly in the middle of the field before moving forward in the straight. Look Here took the lead two furlongs from the finish and went clear of the field, winning comfortably by three and three quarter lengths from Moonstone and Katiyra. The win was a first in a Classic for both Beckett and Sanders. Beckett, whose previous biggest win had been in the Group Three Fred Darling Stakes (with Penkenna Princess), admitted that he came close to withdrawing the filly from the race after she had performed "diabolically" in a training gallop the previous week.
Look Here was off the racecourse for more than three months before returning in September for the St Leger Stakes at Doncaster Racecourse. She had been prevented from running in the Yorkshire Oaks by a training setback in August. Racing against twelve colts and one other filly, Look Here was made 11/4 second favourite for the one and three quarter mile classic, behind Aidan O'Brien's irish Derby winner Frozen Fire. Ridden by Eddie Ahern, Look Here made steady progress in the straight but could never raech the lead and finished third behind Conduit and Unsung Heroine, beaten more than six lengths by the winner.
2009: four-year-old season.
Look Here stayed in training as a four-year-old, but failed to win in five races. Her best performance came on her seasonal debut in the Coronation Cup over the Oaks course and distance. Sanders held the filly up at the back of the field before challenging on the outside in the straight. She finished strongly but was beaten in a three-way photo finish by Ask and Youmzain. Later in June Look Here was sent to Ireland and started favourite for the Pretty Polly Stakes at the Curragh Racing over a mile and a quarter for the first time, she finished third to Dar Re Mi. Beckett explained that the filly was unsuited by the very soft ground. She made little impact in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Ascot in July, finishing unplaced behind Conduit. Look Here was dropped to Group Three class for her next start in the Arc Trial at Newbury but after leading in the straight she was caught in the last stride and beaten a short head by Doctor Fremantle, the colt she had beaten on her racecourse debut. In October, Look Here traveled to Canada for the E. P. Taylor Stakes at Woodbine Racetrack. She finished unplaced behind Lahaleeb; she was subsequently retired from racing without another victory after the 2008 Epsom Oaks.
Assessment and honours.
In the 2008 World Thoroughbred Rankings, Look Here was given a rating of 119, making her the highest-rated British filly of her generation, and the equal third best three-year-old filly in the world behind Zarkava (128) and Goldikova (125).
Stud record.
Look Here retired to Lawn Stud to become a broodmare for Julian Richmond-Watson at his Wakefield Lodge Estate. Her first foal, a chestnut colt sired by Sea The Stars, was born at the British National Stud in April 2011.
2011 Sea Here (GB) : Chesnut colt, foaled 2 April, by Sea The Stars (IRE) - ran twice unplaced in England 2013

</doc>
<doc id="36722029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722029" title="Sebastian Schiek">
Sebastian Schiek

Sebatian Schiek (born February 15, 1990) is a German footballer who plays for Karlsruher SC. He made his debut for the club in August 2011, as a substitute for Dennis Kempe in a 2–0 defeat to Energie Cottbus in the 2. Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36722031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722031" title="Wollea">
Wollea

Wollea is a genus of filamentous, heterocystous cyanobacterium that forms macroscopic colonies in freshwater habitats. The genus produces akinetes and is known to reproduce with hormogonia.
The type species for the genus is "Wollea saccata" (Wolle) Bornet & Flahault, 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="36722035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722035" title="James R. Quirk">
James R. Quirk

James R. Quirk (September 4, 1884 - August 1, 1932) was an American magazine editor of Irish descent. Quirk was the vice president and editor of Photoplay Magazine, one of the earliest film or fan magazines and particularly popular in the silent film era. Quirk had been with the magazine since its founding in 1911. Quirk's magazine had many popular rivals such as Motion Picture Magazine, Modern Screen, Classic Screen, Screenland etc.
Quirk had also been editor of the first "Washington Times" prior to his involvement with "Photoplay" and editor of the periodical "Popular Mechanics" during his involvement with "Photoplay". For two years(1928–30) he was publisher of "The Smart Set" magazine.
He was the uncle of Lawrence J. Quirk who gives out an award in James's memory that cover many aspects of the film business.
Personal.
He was married to Elizabeth North with whom he had 3 children, Frances, Jean and James(died as infant).
Quirk was the second husband of film star May Allison from 1926 until his death in 1932.
Death.
Quirk died August 1, 1932 of bronchial pneumonia and heart disease. He had also been a hard drinker. He is buried at Kensico Cemetery, Valhalla Westchester County New York. The cemetery is last resting place to many famous Broadway and film celebrities.

</doc>
<doc id="36722046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722046" title="George A. Hardin">
George A. Hardin

George Anson Hardin (August 17, 1832 Winfield, Herkimer County, New York – April 16, 1901 Little Falls, Herkimer Co., NY) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Col. Joseph Hardin. He graduated from Union College in 1852. Then he studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1854, and practiced in Little Falls. 
He was District Attorney of Herkimer County from 1858 to 1861; and a member of the New York State Senate (20th D.) in 1862 and 1863.
He was a justice of the New York Supreme Court from 1872 to 1899. He was assigned to the General Term in 1881; appointed as Presiding Justice of the General Term in 1884; and re-appointed as Presiding Justice of the Appellate Division (4th Dept.) in 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="36722048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722048" title="Ahmed Chami">
Ahmed Chami

Ahmed Chami sometimes Ahmed Reda Chami ( – born 16 May 1961, Casablanca) is a Moroccan politician of the Socialist Union of Popular Forces. Between 2007 and 2012, he held the position of Minister of Industry, Trade and New Technologies in the cabinet of Abbas El Fassi.

</doc>
<doc id="36722060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722060" title="Timo Kern">
Timo Kern

Timo Kern (born 16 January 1990) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent. He began his career with Karlsruher SC and made his debut for the club in September 2010, as a substitute for Timo Staffeldt in a 2–0 defeat to FSV Frankfurt in the 2. Bundesliga.

</doc>
<doc id="36722061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722061" title="Nagshead SSSI">
Nagshead SSSI

Nagshead () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest and is located near Parkend, in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire, and was notified in 1972. It lies within the Forest of Dean Forest Park and is part held as a reserve by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB). The SSSI is a relatively small area of the much larger nature reserve of RSPB Nagshead, which is a site owned and managed by the RSPB and the Forestry Commission. The SSSI lies to the east of the Nagshead Plantation and consists of two units of assessment by Natural England.
The site is listed in the 'Forest of Dean Local Plan Review' as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS).
History.
The woodland in the Forest of Dean has been managed for timber for a significant time. As a consequence there is a variety of woodland types as a result of the woodland management. The central area of woodland is in the Coal Measures and this area supports oak with restricted ground flora. This is an acidic area. Around it are the limestone and Old Red Sandstone rocks. These provide soils which are more fertile and a richer ground flora.
The Nagshead site is one of three sites in the Forest of Dean which are of national nature conservation importance. It is an excellent example of broad-leaved woodland and is of major ornithological importance. The oldest part of the site was planted in 1814 and includes Pedunculate Oak and Sessile Oak.
Understorey.
The ground flora of the understorey varies dependent upon whether the woodland is grazed by sheep. A dense shrub layer which is dominated by Holly and Rowan occurs in the ungrazed areas. Grazed areas are more open. Herb layers consists of Bramble, Bracken, softgrass and tufted hair grass. Wood Sorrel and Bluebell are locally abundant.
Ponds and streams.
The Cannop Brook runs within the site and there are semi-natural area of woodland (mostly Alder). The diversity of the habitat is enhanced by small ponds and streams and there are rarer plants reported such as Heath Spotted Orchid and Broad-leaved Helleborine.
Bird Life.
This is an area which is rich in bird life and there are established populations of breeding Pied Flycatcher, Wood Warbler and Redstart. There has been long established research into the breeding biology of various birds at Nagshead and there is a nestbox scheme managed by the RSPB.
Invertebrates.
Butterflies are attracted by the open rides and recordings including White Admiral, Pearl-bordered Fritillary and Purple Hairstreak. The Cannop Brook supports a good range of woodland invertebrates.
Conservation.
The unit reports for 2009 indicate the need for a "watching brief" on the presence of Sweet Chestnut and Sycamore. Implications of the lack of grazing are noted and how this may affect the woodland structure necessary for some breeding birds.

</doc>
<doc id="36722062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722062" title="Ny Troor Tromode">
Ny Troor Tromode

Ny Troor Tromode ( or Yn Troor) was a Manx nationalist group charged with 17 counts of crimes including arson and criminal damage.

</doc>
<doc id="36722070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722070" title="Richard Sydgrave">
Richard Sydgrave

Richard Sydgrave or Segrave ( died 1425) was an Irish judge who held office as Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer and served as deputy to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland; his family became among the foremost landowners in County Meath.
An earlier Seagrave, Stephen, had been Archbishop of Armagh 1323-1333; it is unclear if there was a family connection although Richard was custodian of the See of Armagh in 1404. His first recorded office was Clerk of the Hanaper in the late 1390s. He became a Baron of the Court of Exchequer (Ireland) in 1402 and Chief Baron in 1423; he also acted as Deputy Chancellor. He appears to have died in 1425. In his last years the family acquired the lands of Killeglan, now Ashbourne, County Meath, where they remained until the 1640s. The connection with the Court of Exchequer continued, with two subsequent members of the Segrave family among its members.

</doc>
<doc id="36722072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722072" title="Richard Penderel">
Richard Penderel

Richard Penderel (c.1606 - 7 February 1672) was a Roman Catholic farmer, and a supporter of the Royalist cause during the English Civil War. He assisted with the escape of Charles II after the Battle of Worcester in September 1651.
Penderel was born in Tong, Shropshire, of yeoman stock, the third son of William Penderel. His family were Catholic, and were the tenants of the farm of Hobbal Grange in Tong. Their landlord was another Catholic, Basil Fitzherbert of Boscobel House, about away.
Richard Penderel was the life tenant of the farm by 1651, by which time it is assumed that his father had already died. Early in the morning of 4 September 1651, Penderel was summoned to meet the king, Charles II, at White Ladies Priory, in Shropshire, shortly after Charles had fled from the field of the Battle of Worcester. Penderel's second eldest brother John and youngest brother George were servants at the priory, while another brother Humphrey ran the mill nearby. Richard Penderel was charged with protecting the king. He disguised Charles as a woodman, "William Jones", giving him a rough haircut and some of Penderel's own clothes, and hid Charles in a coppice while it rained during the rest of the day. He took Charles to his farmhouse that evening, before starting on the journey to Wales. In the morning, they sought shelter at Madeley from Francis Wolfe, another Catholic of Penderel's acquaintance, but finding the crossings of the River Severn were guarded by Oliver Cromwell's soldiers, they returned to Hobbal Grange on Saturday 5 September. Charles travelled on to Boscobel House, where Penderel's eldest brother William was caretaker. William Penderel provided Charles with a ladder to hide in the Royal Oak (sometimes known as "Penderel's Oak") and distracted the soldiers who were searching for him. On 12 September, the five Penderel brothers formed the bodyguard of the king on his overnight journey from Boscobel House to Moseley Hall near Wolverhampton, with the king riding on Humphrey's old mill horse.
Penderel was suspected of Royalist sympathies during the Commonwealth, but kept a low profile and was left unmolested. He was rewarded on the Restoration, welcomed at Charles II's court in June 1660. He was given a reward of £200 and an annuity of £100 for him and his heirs in April 1662.
Penderel contracted a fever and died of a while visiting London, and was buried at St Giles-in-the-Fields. He was survived by his other brothers, who all benefitted from royal patronage. They all received pensions, and royal exemption from prosecutions for recusancy after the Popish Plot.
Commemorations.
A public House in Holborn, London is named "Penderel's Oak" in his honour. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722088" title="Rian Gordon">
Rian Gordon

Rian John Gordon (born in Irvine, North Ayrshire) is a Scottish teen actor best known for his role as Conor Brodie in "River City" and Young Jerome in Silent Witness. 
Career.
Gordon has played the role as Conor Brodie on the BBC Scotland soap opera "River City" since October 12, 2010.. ATV describes him as a "typical teenage boy".

</doc>
<doc id="36722090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722090" title="Moseley Hall">
Moseley Hall

Moseley Hall can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36722092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722092" title="Philipp Klingmann">
Philipp Klingmann

Philipp Klingmann (born 22 August 1988) is a German footballer who plays for Karlsruher SC.

</doc>
<doc id="36722097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722097" title="Freddie Warren (footballer born 1992)">
Freddie Warren (footballer born 1992)

Freddie Robert Warren (born 2 November 1992) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Canvey Island.
Career.
Warren began his career at Charlton Athletic, and was given a professional contract in March 2011. After several loan spells away from the club, he was released at the end of the 2011–12 season and joined Barnet, where he made his debut against Birmingham City in the Football League Cup on 14 August 2012. He joined Hastings United on loan on 28 March 2013, making eight appearances, but was unable to save them from relegation from the Isthmian Premier Division. On 21 September 2013, he joined Canvey Island on loan for a month. Warren was released by the Bees at the end of the 2013-14 season, playing only five times in his two seasons at the club. Manager Martin Allen said: “I am currently undecided on Freddie. He has done well in both games he has played but at 21 he needs to be playing regular football which I cannot guarantee him. He has a terrific attitude but is at a crossroads because of his age in terms of what direction he should go in”.
Warren signed for Canvey Island permanently on 6 June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36722101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722101" title="Vacation Club">
Vacation Club

Vacation Club is an EP by Aerosmith, released on December 10, 1988. This E.P. was only sold in record stores in Japan. Vacation Club contains remixes of songs from Aerosmith's latest album and a previously unreleased song from the sessions entitled, "Once Is Enough".

</doc>
<doc id="36722103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722103" title="Pavel Kupka">
Pavel Kupka

Pavel Kupka (born 21 April 1946) is a Czechoslovakian modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36722108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722108" title="Alex Grant (footballer, born 1994)">
Alex Grant (footballer, born 1994)

Alexander Ian "Alex" Grant (born 23 January 1994) is an English born Australian footballer who plays for Stoke City. He plays as a Centre Back.
Career.
Portsmouth.
Grant signed a two-year scholarship with Portsmouth in July 2010. He progressed through reserve and academy sides, and appeared on the bench against Nottingham Forest, on 28 April 2012.
In his next season, on 14 August, he made his professional debut, acting as a starter in a Football League Cup match against Plymouth Argyle.
On 20 December, he was loaned to Eastleigh in a one-month deal. He made his debut on The New Year's Day, against Salisbury.
On 24 January 2013, he joined Havant & Waterlooville on a one month loan deal. He joined Hawks as a replacement for fellow Portsmouth player Dan Butler, who gained first team action at Pompey. He made his Hawks debut two days later, in a 0–0 away draw against Dorchester Town. He scored his first goal for Hawks on 16 April, against Dover Athletic.
Stoke City.
On 9 May, despite his loan being successful, he was released by Pompey. Following his release by Portsmouth, Grant signed for Stoke City who beat off competition from Everton.
International career.
Despite been born in England, Grant was called to play for Australia U17. He was on the provisional 35-man squad for the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36722110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722110" title="Markus Kauczinski">
Markus Kauczinski

Markus Kauczinski (born 20 February 1970) is a German football coach who is now manager of Karlsruher SC.
Coaching career.
Kauczinski started to coach Karlsruher SC II in May 2009. and continued in the role until March 2012 when he took over the senior squad. During his tenure as the reserve team head coach, he had three stints as interim head coach of the senior squad. The first stint as interim head coach happened from August 2009 to September 2009 when Karlsruhe hired Markus Schupp as the new head coach. Kauczinski's second stint happened from October 2010 to November 2010. The second stint ended because Kauczinski didn't have the required coaching license. The final stint as interim head coach happened from October 2011 to 6 November 2011 when Karlsruhe hired Jörn Andersen.

</doc>
<doc id="36722115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722115" title="Kay Christopher">
Kay Christopher

Kay Christopher (June 3, 1926 - June 18, 2012) was an American actress and model.
Early life and career.
Christopher was born into a middle-class family. Her father was a newspaper editor and her mother a librarian. She was educated at New Rochelle High School from which she graduated in 1944. She began her career as a pin-up model, and was so successful that she received the title of "Miss Photo Flash 1945". Following this success, she received a film contract with RKO Radio Pictures, and made her screen debut in the uncredited role of a bridesmaid to Laraine Day in "The Locket" (1946). 
She then had the lead role of Tess Trueheart in "Dick Tracy's Dilemma" (1947), opposite Ralph Byrd. She later had turns in such motion pictures as "Desperate" (1947), "I Cheated the Law" (1949), "If You Knew Susie" (1949), "Code of The Silver Sage" (1950), and "Gasoline Alley" (1951). She also made TV appearances on such programs as "Lux Video Theatre" and had a recurring role on "Doctor I.Q." in the mid-1950s. She retired from acting and modeling in 1954, to focus on her marriage to Donald Griffin, although she did come out of retirement once in 1958 for an appearance on "The Perry Como Show".
Death.
In the mid-1970s she was diagnosed with diabetes, and died from complications of the disease on June 18, 2012. She was survived by her husband and three children. She was interred at Williamsburg Memorial Park in Williamsburg, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="36722119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722119" title="Listowel Racecourse">
Listowel Racecourse

Listowel Racecourse is a horse racing venue in the town of Listowel, County Kerry, Ireland which stages both National Hunt and Flat racing. The course is flat and run left handed over a rectangular shaped circuit measuring just over a mile.
The current racecourse which is close to the town centre first opened in 1858 and celebrated its 150th Anniversary in 2008.
Festival.
Listowel's major race festival, the harvest festival, which was originally known as the North Kerry Hunt Steeplechase Meeting takes place each year in September over seven days with both national hunt and flat races taking place. It is one of the final festivals to take place in the summer, the last before Christmas and second only to the Galway Races in attendances. In total nine meetings take place each year with a two day meeting every June.
Guinness Kerry National.
The most valuable race run at Listowel is the Guinness Kerry National. It is run on the Wednesday of the Harvest Festival over a distance of 3 miles. Previous winners include the Aintree Grand National Winner Montys Pass.

</doc>
<doc id="36722121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722121" title="Holly Jack">
Holly Jack

Holly Jack is a Scottish actress and acting coach, best known for her role as Nicole Brodie in the BBC Scotland soap opera, "River City", in which she joined as a series regular in October 2010. In November 2013, she announced that she was leaving the show. In July 2014, it was announced that Jack would be joining the cast of "Waterloo Road" as a new student.
Career.
In 2010, Holly Jack was cast in "River City" as Nicole Brodie. She made her first on-screen appearance on 12 October 2010. ATV described her as "14 going on 40". Speaking of her casting, Jack said, "I think they parents were happier than me when I got the part. My mum was screaming down the phone. I think she nearly had a heart attack." She quit the role in 2014, saying that she had learned all she could from the character. Of her last storyline on the show, she told "The Sunday Post" that it "left her shattered".
Shortly after she quit "River City", she was hired as an acting coach. On 1 July 2014, it was announced that Jack would be joining the cast of "Waterloo Road" as a new student at the beginning of the tenth series in early 2015, which would also be the last series of the show.

</doc>
<doc id="36722148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722148" title="Hakan Çalhanoğlu">
Hakan Çalhanoğlu

Hakan Çalhanoğlu (, born 8 February 1994) is a Turkish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Bayer Leverkusen in Bundesliga and Turkey national team.
Career.
Çalhanoğlu signed a four-year deal for Hamburger SV from Karlsruher SC in summer 2012. On 4 July 2014, he left Hamburger for league rivals Bayer Leverkusen, signing a five-year contract with a transfer fee of 14.5 million Euros.
International career.
After years of playing for the Turkish youth team, Çalhanoğlu received his first senior call-up for Turkey in 31 August 2013 for a game against Andorra, where he made his debut in the second half coming on as a substitute in a 5-0 win. Prior to that he was approached by Germany, his birthplace. Çalhanoğlu declined their offer in favour of playing for the country of his parents. On 25 May 2014, he made his second performance on the Turkish national football team in a friendly match against Ireland. He was on the team sheet for the starting Line-up as left midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="36722151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722151" title="Kam Franklin">
Kam Franklin

Kamerra Franklin (born June 7, 1987) is an African-American singer from Houston, Texas. She is more popularly known as Kam Franklin. She is the lead singer for the Houston rocksteady group, The Suffers. She has had a successful career as a backing vocalist and dancer for many artists around the world. She has previously toured with Heptic Skeptic and The Very Best.
Kam Franklins's debut EP, "Bamitskam", was released on June 12, 2008. The EP features appearances by Perseph One, The Buxleys, and Nicole Saxton.
Kam is known for her soulful mezzo-soprano vocals, as well as her collaborations with artists of many different genres, including Houston rapper Fat Tony (rapper) and famed drummer Chris Tsagakis of RX Bandits.
Kam Franklin was nominated for the 2008, 2009, and 2011 Houston Press Music Award for Best Female Vocalist. Franklin finally won the award in 2012. Her band, The Suffers, took home The 2012 Houston Press music award for Best New Act and Best Reggae/Ska/Dub
Influences.
Her primary musical influences are drawn from soul, country, gospel, and reggae music.

</doc>
<doc id="36722170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722170" title="Guillermo Söhnlein">
Guillermo Söhnlein

Guillermo Adrian Miguel Söhnlein (born May 18, 1966 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an American social entrepreneur with special interests in the commercialization of outer space, the exploration of the world's oceans, and the global connections between space and ocean industries.
Personal life.
Söhnlein was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on May 18, 1966. He immigrated to the United States in 1972 with his family. which settled in the area of San Jose, California, where he attended St. Francis High School in Mountain View. He became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1986. He graduated in December 1989 from the University of California at Berkeley with an A.B. in Economics, and in May 1995 he earned a J.D. from the University of California Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco, where he was Editor-in-Chief of the West-Northwest Journal of Environmental Law and Policy.
From 1995 to 1999, he served in the United States Marine Corps assigned to Quantico, Virginia, and Twentynine Palms, California, achieving the rank of Captain. On May 3, 1997, he married Julie Ann (née Litwin) Söhnlein, and they had three children: Rebecca Lynn Söhnlein (b January 30, 1999, Daniel Jacob Söhnlein (b. March 20, 2001, and Caleb Miguel Söhnlein (b. March 1, 2005). .
In 2011, Söhnlein was accepted as a Fellow of Opus Novum, a group committed to professional conduct guided by Seven Principles and to the notion that global problems can be resolved only through cooperation among nonprofit, for-profit, and government partners. In 2012, he was accepted as a member of The Explorers Club, an international multidisciplinary professional society dedicated to the advancement of field research and the ideal that it is vital to preserve the instinct to explore.
Technology.
In 1998, Söhnlein co-founded Milo, a speech recognition technology company that was acquired by Voxeo in 2001.
After relocating to the Northern Virginia region outside Washington, D.C., he worked with a number of technology startup ventures r. He also advised several technology-related investment groups, incubators, and economic development agencies . and gave frequent talks about the field. His work expanded to include projects in China and Qatar.
In 2009, Söhnlein co-founded iSpaces, which developed a cloud-based operating system and suite of applications. The firm was incorporated in Ireland, with the management team in Mexico and, the rest of the staff spread out across the United States, Mexico, and Europe. After two years of development, its public beta release went live in 2012.
Space Commercialization.
In 2003, Söhnlein founded the International Association of Space Entrepreneurs (IASE), a nonprofit organization specifically created to encourage successful entrepreneurs from other industries to start new aerospace-related ventures. IASE grew from 5 people to a membership of almost 1,500 individuals around the world, connected through an online community and a series of online and offline events. In 2010, the online community was transferred to the Space Frontier Foundation for ongoing growth, and IASE officially disbanded.
In 2006, Söhnlein founded Space Angels Network, a for-profit angel investor group specifically created to fill a gap in the capital markets for early-stage aerospace ventures. Founding members included Esther Dyson, Stephen Fleming, David S. Rose, and Ed Tuck, who were specifically invited because of their proven track record of active angel investing in aerospace-related startups and their personal commitment to growing a national network of like-minded investors. In April 2007, Burton Lee joined as co-founder, and the two led the group's several Aerospace Venture Forums showcasing entrepreneurial ventures for prospective investors. In 2010, Joe Landon took over as managing director, and under his leadership the group announced its first four investment deals during 2011-2012. As of early 2013, the group consisted of approximately 30 investor members living across the United States and Europe and more than 100 young companies that had applied for funding.
Ocean Exploration.
In 2009, Söhnlein co-founded OceanGate, Inc., an ocean exploration venture that provides deep-sea manned submersibles solutions to clients in academic and research institutions, commercial enterprises, content producing entities, government agencies and non-government organizations. OceanGate owns and operates Antipodes, a five-person manned submersible with a depth rating of 305 meters (1,000 feet) and twin 58” hemispherical acrylic domes fore and aft on its cylindrical hull. During 2010-2012, Söhnlein helped organize five submarine exploration expeditions to Santa Catalina Island in California, Puget Sound in Washington, Monterey Bay (twice) in California, and Miami in Florida.
In 2010, Söhnlein re-launched the Ocean Exploration Committee of the Marine Technology Society, a nonprofit membership association supporting students and industry professionals in a wide range of marine-related fields.
In 2011, Söhnlein co-founded the OceanGate Foundation, now ExploreOcean, a nonprofit organization that uses manned submersibles to fulfill its mission of “inspiration through exploration.” The organization leverages support from donors, sponsors, and grants to conduct immersive outreach programs targeting specific constituencies: students, teachers, media, politicians, celebrities, and artists. During October 2011, it conducted an education and outreach program in Monterey, California, that reached almost 2,000 local students, teachers, and community leaders. During March 2012, it conducted a 10-day educational program in Miami, Florida. Over 1,000 students participated in the program’s submarine pilot presentations and submarine tours.
In 2013, Söhnlein founded Blue Marble Exploration, which organized high-profile expeditions to explore the oceans in manned submersibles. These expeditions were intended to push the limits of technology, science, operations, and human endurance in order to raise public awareness of the world's oceans.
Sea-Space Connections.
In 2011, Söhnlein founded the Sea-Space Initiative, a global project to provide collaboration among various fields within ocean and space industries. The project focuses on four general categories: Exploration & Research; Innovation & Entrepreneurship; Education & Training; and Communication & Collaboration. The first program—launched in May 2012— is the Sea-Space Summit, a global series of invitation-only workshops that bring together small groups of visionary leaders from various fields for interdisciplinary discussions and strategic planning.

</doc>
<doc id="36722175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722175" title="Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev">
Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev

Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev (, 29 December 1899 – 19 April 1985) was a Russian scientist, ethnographer, historian, researcher of religious beliefs, doctor of historical sciences, and professor at Moscow State University.
Birth and education.
Sergei Aleksandrovich Tokarev was born in Tula on 29 December 1899. 
He graduated with honors from Tula grammar school and entered Moscow University. Immediately after the revolution, conditions in Moscow in 1918 were dangerous and difficult, and Tokarev went back to the apparent safety of his home province of Tula. He taught Russian and Latin in local schools for four years.
Tokarev returned to Moscow University in 1922, where he began social and historical studies. He received a state scholarship, and supplemented his income by giving private lessons.
In 1924 he obtained a job as a bibliographer at the Central Library.
After graduating on 25 June 1925, Tokarev applied to continue research in the university's graduate Institute of History. He submitted a thesis on "totemic society", a fully-fledged work of research. His application was supported by a short but very flattering recommendation from Viacheslav Petrovich Volgin.
Accepted in November 1925, Tokarev was enrolled in the Institute in January 1926, joining what later became the ethnology section.
In the spring of 1926 Tokarev presented a report on Australian totemism. In the 1926/1927 academic year he prepared a report on Melanesian religions and gave a talk on Australian kinship systems. In June 1927 Tokarev presented a report on the economic structure of English Manors in the 13th to 15th centuries. In 1927/1928 Tokarev returned to the Melanesian theme with a report on the social system of these people. His post-graduate training was completed in 1929, although officially he did not graduate until 1 January 1930.
Early career.
Tokarev began working at the Central Museum of Ethnology on October 1927.
In 1928, he joined the department of colonies at the museum, and in 1931 he was appointed head of the department of North Asia.
As a graduate student, in 1928/1929 he also taught part-time at Moscow University, and taught a course on the history of social structures at the Sun Yat-sen University of Communist Workers of China.
Ethnography was considered important in the early years of the Soviet Union, which had a great many different ethnic groups, and the first university courses for professional ethnography were launched in the 1920s. 
However, by the latter part of the decade, Marxist radicals attacked the discipline for being "bourgeois", and some of the main ethnographic institutions were closed in April 1929. Ethnography became redefined as the study of prehistoric peoples.
The University's Institute of History became part of the Communist Academy. Most positions went only to Marxists and communists, although in some circumstances non-Marxist scholars could be admitted.
The Marxist linguist Valerian Borisovich Aptekar was an opponent of traditional ethnography, strongly expressing his opinion in a debate on 7 May 1928. He argued that the subject was not scientific, that its concepts were vague, and that by treating the development of mankind in terms of the evolution of cultural forms the ethnographers denied the more fundamental forces of production and class struggle. The subject could only be approached in terms of dialectical materialism.
Tokarev disagreed publicly. Although he accepted the need for a more scientific approach and for the subject to be treated from a Marxist-Leninist viewpoint, 
he defended the study of ethnology as dealing with realities that could not be ignored. Further debates were held at meetings of the AMI in April 1929 and in June 1930. Tokarev was still working at the museum, and the authorities frowned on people holding two positions. He was dismissed from the Institute on 1 May 1931 but continued as a free-lance researcher and retained the more secure job at the Museum.
Despite the political climate, Tokarev undertook valuable work in the late 1920s and the 1930s. He spent less time on Australia and Melanesia and more time on the people of Siberia and Yakutia, perhaps due to political pressure, although he was always interested in both subjects. He made his first field trip in September 1928 in Turkmenistan, and in 1930 visited the Altai Mountains.
The museum supported another expedition to the Altais in 1932, and he returned in 1940, just before the war.
In 1934 he made an expedition to Yakutia, which had great influence on the development of his ideas.
During the 1930s and the Great Purge, Stalin sent many Soviet intellectuals to labor in the gulags. Yeleazar Meletinsky, often called Zorya, was among those imprisoned. He left his manuscript "The Hero of the Fairy Tale" with Tokarev, who preserved it for publication years later.
A crisis in Tokarev's career came on 20 August 1936 during the Trotsky-Zinoviev show trials, when meetings to denounce Trotsky and Zinoviev were arranged across the country. Tokarev publicly said that if the Trotskyite-Zinovievite faction had come to power they would have continued the communist party's political and economic policies, and argued in defense of his position. He was accused of taking a counter-revolutionary stance. On 21 August Tokarev was brought before the museum's Party Committee, and on 22 August a general staff meeting reviewed the speech. Tokarev spoke in his own defense but was dismissed from the museum, although he suffered no other punishment.
Later career.
Tokarev retained his position at the State Academy of the History of Material Culture, where he had worked since 1932 as a Research Fellow in the Department of Feudalism.
In October 1938 he rejoined the museum as an ethnographer and consultant. Until 1941, he was also a research associate at the Central Anti-religious museum. 
In 1939 Tokarev was appointed professor in the newly organized Department of Ethnography, History Department of Moscow State University, a position he held until 1973. 
From 1939 to 1941 he also lectured on ethnography at the Moscow Institute of History, Philosophy and Literature.
In 1940 Tokarev defended his doctoral dissertation "The social system of the Yakuts in the 17th-18th centuries."
In World War II, he was evacuated from Moscow in June 1941, and headed the history department of Abakan Teachers' Institute.
In 1943 he returned to Moscow and was awarded the title of professor, working as a section head of the Institute of Ethnography of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR.
In 1951–1952, Tokarev was the first ethnographer from the Soviet Union to teach in the universities of Berlin and Leipzig.
He went to Berlin in 1951 as a guest of the Finno-Ugrian Institute. His visit may have been arranged by Wolfgang Steinitz, 
a Jewish specialist in Finno-Ugrian languages who had emigrated from Germany to the Soviet Union in 1933.
Tokarev lectured in the German Democratic Republic, stressing how important it was to 
study social and cultural changes that were occurring in both urban and rural areas.
He said the goal of ethnology must be to describe and understand the "way of life" of the people being studied, and the changes that occurred to the way of life.
From 1961 Tokarev headed up the Institute's sector on the ethnography of non-Soviet nations in Europe.
At the same time from 1956 to 1973 he was in charge of the Department of Ethnography within the History Department of Moscow State University.
Under his leadership the department grew and expanded its scope of study. 
In particular, the study of Slavic, Siberian, Central Asian and African peoples, the history of these peoples and the history of primitive religions and of shamanism were points of attention.
Tokarev died in Moscow on 19 April 1985.
Scientific activities.
Ethnology.
Tokarev was a follower of Aleksandr Nikolaevich Maksimov, who had undertaken early studies of Siberian and Australian hunter-gatherers. Maksimov believed that an ethnologist should not restrict himself to "primitive" people, but should study people at all stages of development.
Tokarev had extremely broad ethnographical interests, and was particularly intrigued by early forms of religion.
He wrote about the peoples of Australia, Oceania, America and Europe, and about the Yakuts and the Altay people of Siberia. He wrote about how ethnology had evolved in Russia and in the west. Tokarev conformed to Soviet Marxist ideology and Russian nationalist views in his study of the history of anthropology.
Joseph Stalin, who took power in the Soviet Union in 1924, imposed rigid constraints on the study of ethnography that were lifted only after his death in 1953. Tokarev's work continued to advocate a Marxist ethnography.
According to a pupil, Tokarev said once that the Australian Aborigines were 
In the 1920s Tokarev was one of the first to try to create a conventional code for recording the meaning of kinship terms. He noted that it was misleading for a scholar to simply translate terms used by a people being studied into terms used by the scholar. He tried to define a system that used the numbers 1–6 to represent father, mother, son, daughter, husband and wife, and that reduced all other kinship terms to these basic terms.
He recorded new insights in his later work on ethnic groups of the USSR. For example, he noted that while in most Russian villages the witches were male, Ukrainian villages had many more female witches, which he thought might be due to western European influence via Poland. He noted that the Slavonic people, from the steppes, worshipped stones, streams and hills, while the Finno-Ugrian people, from the forests, worshipped trees or groves.
Tokarev's study, "The Yakut social system in the 17th and 18th century" (1945), inquired into the social and land ownership relations of the Sakha people of Yakutia from a Marxist historical perspective. He explored the question of whether the concept of private land ownership existed in Sakha society before the intervention of Russia.
He said, 
But after describing abuses of the colonizers, Tokarev noted that the Sakha prospered and grew in numbers in the longer term, and that other colonial regimes had been much more brutal. 
This was in line with Soviet propaganda of World War II, when the Soviet government was trying to rally the peoples of the country to form a common front against the German invaders.
After the war, there was a resurgence of Russian nationalism in the mid-1950s. In "Yakutia from the 1630s to 1917" (1957), published under his direction, the violence, murder, and enslavements are treated as isolated incidents in a generally peaceful movement of Russians into the territory. Leaders of the local people are often characterized as the instigators of the violence.
Religion.
Tokarev was interested in "primitive" religions. He tended to follow Lev Shternberg's evolutionist views, although rejecting some of Shternberg's specific hypotheses. In 1963 he published a general discussion of the subject, "Early forms of religion and its development, and religion in the history of nations". In this book, Tokarov concluded that Siberian shamanism had evolved from animism, since the shaman's role was to maintain a close relationship with the spirits of hunted animals.
Taking a Marxist view of the religious experience, in the 1980s Tokarev wrote that shamans "were almost always mentally ill, with a propensity for fits of madness." This was not a view that most of his colleagues shared by this time, preferring to describe tribal spirituality in terms of "primal religion". Some of his other ideas about folklore and religion were considered alien, if not outdated, by western scholars. He associated sacred objects with fetishes, and sacred formulae with magic formulae.
Tokarev depended on Orthodox missionary scholars for his knowledge of Islam. His 1963 work takes a scientific atheist view of the subject, but betrays his reliance on missionaries as he relates Muslim terms to their Christian equivalents. For example, he describes the Mahdi as "the Messiah in Islam", and discusses "Muslim Clergy" and a "Muslim Church", all concepts that Russian scholars of Islam in the 19th century had understood to be inaccurate.
He observed that religion is more about how people relate to each other in relation to religious beliefs, than about the nature of these beliefs.
Tokarev's view that religions are more than a theology, and comprise a social force affecting many aspects of people's lives, was controversial among Soviet scholars of religion. He challenged the prevalent negative view at the time, which perceived Islam as a potential tool for the bourgeoisie and reactionaries, and not one that could be used to solve the problems of the masses. He showed that Islam could be used effectively by politicians with secular goals, and that Islamic socialism could be a positive force in the development of contemporary Muslim states.
Later work.
In 1959 Tokarev co-authored "Narody Ameriki" (The people of America) with A. V. Efimov. 
The introduction noted the book was the first generalized work on the history and ethnography of the peoples of America based on Marxian and Leninist methodology. An American reviewer wrote,
Tokarev continued to write and edit prolifically throughout the remainder of his life.
With the thaw in Soviet-Chinese relations in the late 1980s, his recent work began to be translated into Chinese.
He served as principal editor of the encyclopedia, "Myths of the countries of the world".
In the introduction he said, "Although myth conveys a story, it is not specifically a genre of literary art but only a certain worldview; often it is storytelling, but in other cases, the general mythic worldview expresses itself through rites, dances and songs."
Teaching.
Many of the students to whom Tokarev taught the theory and methodology of foreign ethnography during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s later became Siberianists.
Tokarev said that the ethnographic study should not be confined to the straightforward chronicling of material culture. He stressed the human aspects, saying, "A material object cannot interest the ethnographer unless he considers its social existence, its relationship to man." He considered that anthropology was "a historical science, studying peoples and their way of life and culture." He wrote, "Historicism is one of the basic principles of the Marxist method. Any subject, any phenomenon can only have its reality understood and known by approaching it from a historical point of view, by revealing its origin and development."
Honors.
Tokarev was awarded the Double Knight of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour (1945 and 1979) and Chevalier of the Order of Friendship of Peoples (1975).
He was given the Medal "For Valiant Labour in the Great Patriotic War 1941-1945" (1945), and the USSR State Prize in 1987, posthumously.
He was named an Honored Scientist of the Yakut Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (1956) and Honored Scientist of Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (1971).
Scientific works.
He published over 200 articles and introductions to different editions.
References.
Notes
Citations
Sources
Further reading

</doc>
<doc id="36722176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722176" title="Dan Butler (footballer)">
Dan Butler (footballer)

Daniel "Dan" Butler (born 26 August 1994) is an English footballer who plays for Portsmouth, as a defender.
Career.
Portsmouth.
Early career.
Butler joined Portsmouth's youth categories in 2004, aged 10, and signed a two-year scholarship with Pompey on 15 July 2010. On 26 June 2012, he signed a one-year professional deal.
On 14 August 2012, he made his debut in the League Cup in a 3–0 defeat at Plymouth Argyle.
Loan to Havant & Waterlooville.
On 2 November 2012, Butler joined Havant & Waterlooville on a one month youth loan deal from Portsmouth. He was assigned the number 3 shirt. In the following day, he made his debut for the Hawks in a 1–0 loss to Welling in a Conference South match. He was named the Hawks’ player of the month for November. In the following month, he was named again as player of the month. He went on to make eight appearances during his time at Hawks.
Breakthrough.
Butler was recalled on 8 January 2013, and was included on first-team squad due to player shortage. On 26 January 2013 he made his senior league debut in a League One match at Fratton Park, against Hartlepool United, starting the match.
Butler finished the season with 17 league appearances, 15 as a starter. On 14 May 2013, he signed a new two-year contract with Pompey, running until June 2015. After struggling to find his old form, Butler signed with Aldershot Town on loan on 31 October. He returned to Pompey in December, after suffering a knee injury while on loan at Aldershot.
On 11 March of the following year, after being fully recovered from injury, Butler rejoined the "Shots".

</doc>
<doc id="36722177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722177" title="Stanley Weber">
Stanley Weber

Stanley Weber (born 13 July 1986) is a French actor and theatre director. He is best known for his performance as Juan Borgia in the television series "Borgia", and for his roles in films "The First Day of the Rest of Your Life" and "Thérèse Desqueyroux".
Early life and education.
Stanley Weber was born on 13 July 1986 in Paris, France, to actor Jacques Weber and his wife Christine. He has a sister, Kim, and a brother, Tommy.
Weber received his first acting lessons at Cours Florent, and then enrolled acting at the Conservatoire national supérieur d'art dramatique. He also studied at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.

</doc>
<doc id="36722187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722187" title="Ajka crystal">
Ajka crystal

Ajka Crystal is a Hungarian crystal manufacturer. Created in 1878 by Bernard Neumann. The company, one of the biggest in Central Europe produces unique, handmade pieces of glass art representing unsurpassed quality and timeless beauty. Ajka Crystal also goes under the name of "The Romanov Collection" in the United States. Ajka Crystal ships 90% of the factory's total production - both in tableware (stemware, tumblers etc...) and in giftware (vases, bowls) is exported for world famous brands such as Wedgwood, Tiffany's, Rosenthal, Waterford Crystal, Fabergé, Polo Ralph Lauren, Christian Dior, Moser and other high end French Crystal Manufacturers.
Ajka Crystal is located in Ajka, Hungary.
Ajka Crystal's online webshop (CrystALaCarte.com) was established in 2003, with the widest selection of lead crystal products for both retail and wholesale. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722188" title="Jørn Steffensen">
Jørn Steffensen

Jørn Steffensen (born 20 September 1944) is a Danish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1968, 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics.

</doc>
<doc id="36722193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722193" title="List of Tamil Nadu Government educational institutions">
List of Tamil Nadu Government educational institutions

This a list of colleges and educational institutions of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Introduction.
This a List includes Government of Tamil Nadu's:
For Understanding the below List is formatted as:
Tamil Nadu Government's Universities.
This is the list of Government of Tamil Nadu's Universities
Engineering & Technology Colleges.
Anna University Colleges.
The below tabulation includes two types of Anna university's institutions:
The below Anna university colleges tabulation ranched as follows:
Anna University - Guindy, Chennai Circle:
Anna University - Tharamani, Chennai Circle:
Anna University - Tiruchirappalli Circle:
Anna University - Madurai Circle:
Anna University - Tirunelveli Circle:
Anna University - Coimbatore Circle:
Tamil Nadu Government's Engineering & Technology Colleges.
There are 9 Tamil Nadu Government's Engineering & Technology Colleges in Tamil Nadu
Law Colleges.
Tamil Nadu Dr. Ambedkar Law University's Law Colleges.
Tamil Nadu Dr. Ambedkar Law University
Agricultural Colleges.
Tamil Nadu Agricultural University's Colleges.
Tamil Nadu Agricultural University
Veterinary and Animal Sciences Colleges.
Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University's Colleges.
Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University
Fisheries Colleges.
Tamil Nadu Fisheries University's Colleges.
Tamil Nadu Fisheries University
Medical Colleges.
Tamil Nadu Government Medical Colleges.
List of Tamil Nadu Government's Medical Colleges
Polytechnic Colleges.
Tamil Nadu Government's Polytechnic Colleges.
Government Polytechnic college, Trichy - GPT Trichy, 04-2552226, 0431-2550922
Government Polytechnic college, coimbatore- GPT coimbatore, 04222573218
Government Polytechnic college (women's), coimbatore- WPT coimbatore, 04222240917
Government Polytechnic college, krishnagiri- GPT krishnagiri, 04343233867
Government Polytechnic college, madurai - GPT madurai, 0452941141,04522941142
Government Polytechnic college (women's), chennai- WPT chennai
Government Polytechnic college, Nagercoil- GPT Nagercoil
Central Polytechnic college, chennai- CPT chennai, 044-22541929
Government Polytechnic college, Aranthangi,Pudukkottai - GPT Aranthangi,Pudukkottai, 04371-224569
Government Polytechnic, boomandahalli,Dharmapuri- GPT Dharmapuri, 04348293066
Government Polytechnic karaikal- GPT karaikal, Ariyalur 04368263128,04368263129
Government Polytechnic college, Udhagamandalam (Ooty), The Nilgiris - GPT Udhagamandalam, The Nilgiris, 04232443407
Government Polytechnic, thiruthuraipoondi, Tiruvarur- GPT Tiruvarur, 04369 224435
Government Polytechnic college, Tiruvannamalai- GPT Tiruvannamalai, 044-22350525
Government Polytechnic college, Thoothukkudi- GPT Thoothukkudi, 04612311647
Government Polytechnic college, Theni- GPT Theni, 04546291904
Government Polytechnic college, Perambalur- GPT Perambalur, 04328201020
Government Polytechnic college, Karur- GPT Karur, 04323255322
Industrial Training Institute.
Tamil Nadu Government's Industrial Training Institute.
List of Tamil Nadu Government Industrial Training Institute
Tamil Nadu Government's Industrial Training Institute.
AMBATTUR 32 NAGERCOIL

</doc>
<doc id="36722203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722203" title="Redditch Borough Council election, 1996">
Redditch Borough Council election, 1996

Redditch Borough Council Elections were held on Thursday 2 May 1996. 9 Council wards were up for election.

</doc>
<doc id="36722204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722204" title="Scar (physics)">
Scar (physics)

In physics, and especially quantum chaos, a wavefunction scar is an enhancement (i.e. increased norm squared) of an eigenfunction along unstable classical periodic orbits. Scars are related to the correspondence principle. The existence of the scar is directly implied by the Ehrenfest theorem. While the only way the wave function of the stationary system can propagate is through the evolution of quantum phases of its components and the corresponding Gaussian wave packet must on the other hand move along the classical stable or unstable trajectory there must be therefore eigenstates along the periodic trajectory so large that those components lead to this persistent propagation.
Quantum scars in quantum stadium (with the wave function vanishing on the stadium shape) can be readily understood as periodic solutions of the Klein–Gordon equation with the imaginary time (or the propagation velocity) when the along width coordinate of the stadium is the time and the scar energy is the square of the relativistic mass energy at rest. The Dirichlet problem is then equivalent to the pseudo-relativistic particle in the infinite potential well when the walls are moving in time according as two semi-circle functions and they are one-dimensional wave packets propagating in time that look scars as quantum carpets.
At the first approximation the standing wave adiabatic solutions of the Klein–Gordon equation with slowly varying frequencies on the line with the variable length (the parallel distance between the two semi-circles) can be taken as the basis to span the eigenstates of the stadium. The scars are then the effect of the wave beat between those various oscillatory components that leads to the probability amplification along the classical periodic trajectory.
The reflections of scars from parallel stadium edges are then the volumetric Klein paradox (particle probality coming from nowhere at the whole volume or from all points of the one-dimensional space due to the imaginary propagation velocity).

</doc>
<doc id="36722205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722205" title="Tromode">
Tromode

Tromode is a village in Braddan parish, Isle of Man, United Kingdom.
During the period of Manx nationalism, the Ny Troor Tromode () committed acts of arson and vandalism on the Isle.

</doc>
<doc id="36722218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722218" title="Leslie Jones (cricketer)">
Leslie Jones (cricketer)

Leslie Norman Jones (13 July 1891 – 8 January 1962) was an English cricketer. Jones was a right-handed batsman who was a right-arm bowler, although his bowling style is unknown. He was born at Tattenhall, Cheshire.
Jones made his debut for Cheshire against Northumberland in the 1910 Minor Counties Championship at Boughton Hall Cricket Club Ground. He made eighteen appearances in the Minor Counties Championship for Cheshire before World War I, after which he returned to play for the county. He played minor counties cricket for Cheshire from 1920 to 1938, making 139 further appearances for the county in the Minor Counties Championship, the last of which came against the Yorkshire Second XI. He was also Cheshire captain from 1931 to 1934. Playing minor counties cricket for Cheshire allowed Jones to be selected to play for a combined Minor Counties cricket team, with him making a single first-class appearance for the team at the age of 45 against Ireland in 1937 at Observatory Lane, Rathmines. Ireland won the toss ans elected to bat first, making 102 all out, with Jones taking the wickets of Frank Quinn and George Crothers, to finish with figures of 2/14 from four overs. The Minor Counties were then dismissed for just 69 in their first-innings, with Jones ending the innings not out on 9. Ireland improved in their second-innings, making 179 all out, with Jones taking five wickets to finish with figures of 5/8 from 6.1 overs. Set 213 for victory, the Minor Counties were dismissed for 113, with Jones making 4 runs before he was dismissed by James Boucher.
His brother and nephew, both named William, also played for and captained Cheshire. He died at Chester, Cheshire, on 8 January 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="36722227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722227" title="Bridge International Academies">
Bridge International Academies

Bridge International Academies is a network of low-cost private schools intended for poor people in developing countries. It is currently operational in Kenya, a country in Africa.
Model.
According to its website, Bridge International Academies follows a standardized model for all its operations to streamline costs and allow for scalability. They also claim to be focused on collecting data at every step to assess and improve their programs. The instructional model used in the schools is direct instruction with carefully prepared scripts for teachers to follow. Their schools are "cashless", i.e., there are no cash payments. All payment, ranging from tuition fee payments by parents to paying for salaries and equipment, is done using mobile phones.
Funding.
Bridge International Academies has received funding both from foundations focused on high impact philanthropy and from for-profit investors and venture capitalists. Funders/investors include Pearson Education, Omidyar Network, Mulago Foundation, Jasmine Social Investments, and the Deutsche Bank Americas Foundation.
Media and blog coverage.
Media coverage.
Bridge International Academies has been covered in many media outlets across the world such as The Guardian (UK), The Times (UK), VentureBeat, Mail & Guardian (Africa), Fast Company, Beyond Profit, Harvard Business Review, and others.
Blog coverage.
Bridge International Academies has been covered on various blogs including the blog of "The Next Billion".

</doc>
<doc id="36722229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722229" title="Jed Wallace">
Jed Wallace

Jed Fernley Wallace (born 26 March 1994) is an English footballer who plays for Portsmouth as a midfielder.
Career.
Youth and non-League football.
Born in Reading, Berkshire, Wallace was educated at Frogmore Community College. He began his career playing for youth club Darby Green FC (now known as Potley & Darby Green FC) and Carshalton Athletic's youth team, before signing with Farnborough.
At Farnborough, he appeared on the bench on 29 January 2011, in a match against Havant & Waterlooville. However, he did not enter the field. In August 2011, he signed for Lewes, following his manager at Farnborough, Steve King. Wallace played in three friendly matches for Lewes, before then signed a two-year professional contract (with an option to further 12 months) with Portsmouth.
Portsmouth youth and Conference loans.
He progressed through reserve and academy, being a regular starter with the Academy.
On 20 March 2012, Wallace returned to Farnborough, on a one-month loan deal. He made his debut on the following day, acting as a starter against Dover Athletic. The match against Dover was Wallace's first ever senior match. He made 6 appearances for Farnborough in his short spell back at the club.
Wallace then returned to Portsmouth, and appeared on the bench against Nottingham Forest, on 28 April 2012. On 14 August, he made his Portsmouth debut, starting in a League Cup 3–0 defeat against Plymouth Argyle.
On 5 October, Wallace joined Isthmian League side Whitehawk on a one-month loan in a bid to play first team football. On the following day, he scored on his debut, in a 3–1 win over Wingate & Finchley. On 18 October, he scored a hat-trick in a 5–0 home win against Merstham. His loan ended in mid-November but was then renewed for another two weeks.
Wallace returned to Portsmouth after his loan expired, but returned to Whitehawk on 23 November, on a one-month loan deal. On 20 December, his loan was extended until 7 January 2013. He was recalled from his loan on 24 December.
Portsmouth.
2012–13 season.
Five days after being recalled from his Whitehawk loan, Wallace was allowed to start on the bench against Yeovil Town. He made his league debut on 1 January 2013 coming on as a 71st minute substitute, away at Swindon Town.
On 26 January, he was handed his first start, and scored Portsmouth's only goal in a 1–3 home defeat against Hartlepool United. His second goal came on 2 February, after just 5 minutes on the pitch in a 2–3 defeat to Colchester United at Fratton Park. His third goal came on 23 March, at The Keepmoat Stadium; Wallace equalised after 71 minutes against league leaders Doncaster Rovers to salvage a point for Pompey.
He then went on to score against Coventry City the following week in a 2–0 win, and also against Preston the following game.
On 20 April, he scored his sixth goal against Sheffield United, and was named in Team of the Week. Six days later, Portsmouth exercised the one-year contract extension in Wallace's deal.
2013–14 season.
Wallace struggled to find his old form in the start of the new season; although he did score the first in a 3–0 home win over Morecambe on 17 August 2013. His second goal only came on 28 September, in a 2–4 loss at York City.
Wallace scored twice in October, but after the arrival of Richie Barker, he was dropped to the bench in some matches. Wallace later turned off two offers of a new contract from Portsmouth, and in November his teammate David Connolly revealed that clubs were submitting bids for him.
In January of the following year, Wallace turned down another offer from Pompey, which rejected bids from Peterborough United and dimissed links from Wolverhampton.
Wallace only returned to the scoring ways in March, netting against Fleetwood Town and Newport County; after Barker's departure, he was again starter and scoring his seventh (and last) goal of the season on 12 April, in a 4–1 routing at Dagenham & Redbridge. In May, talks over a contract extension restarted again, with Wallace being tabled as one of the Portsmouth's top earners.
On 6 June 2014, Wallace signed a new three-year deal with Pompey.
International career.
On 13 March 2013, Wallace was named on the standby list for the England U19 game vs Turkey, on 21 March 2013. He was called up again on 2 May, for the 2013 UEFA U19 Championship qualification rounds, against Belgium and Scotland.
On 24 May, Wallace was an unused substitute in a match against Georgia U19's. Five days days later, he made international debut, starting in a 3–0 victory against Scotland U19's.

</doc>
<doc id="36722230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722230" title="Drey Wright">
Drey Wright

Drey Jermaine Wright (born 30 April 1995) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for Colchester United.
Career.
Wright, son of former Ipswich Town and Southampton midfielder Jermaine Wright, is a rapid winger who was given a professional contract after just one year in the Colchester United youth team, having scored a number of goals in the 2011–12 season. Born in Greenwich, London, he was offered a two-year contract, alongside three other youth team players.
Wright featured heavily for Colchester's first team in pre-season for the 2012–13 season, and made his first team debut in a League Cup 3–0 defeat against Yeovil Town on 14 August 2012. He made his first league appearance for Colchester in a 2–2 draw with Portsmouth on 21 August 2012, coming on as a 79th minute substitute for Clinton Morrison. His first goal for the club came in a 3–1 defeat to Brentford on 26 December 2012.
In March 2013, Wright was nominated as League One 'Apprentice of the Year', making the shortlist alongside Hartlepool United's Luke James and Sheffield United's George Willis, ending as runner-up to James.
Wright scored his second professional goal for Colchester on 1 April 2013, scoring the opener in a 1–1 draw with Oldham Athletic following an error from Latics goalkeeper Dean Bouzanis. He then scored in the following game against Leyton Orient in a vital 2–1 win.
At the end of his first season in the first-team, Wright was named Colchester United 'Young Player of the Year' after making 21 league appearances and scoring three goals in the process. He was rewarded with a new three-year contract on 26 July 2013 to keep him with Colchester until summer 2016.
Wright featured in the opening game of the 2013–14 season when he came on as a substitute for Freddie Sears after 78 minutes during a 1–0 victory over Gillingham on 3 August. He made his first start of the season in a 2–0 defeat to Coventry City on 8 September. Having undergone a knee operation in October 2013, Wright returned to light training with the squad in February 2014 having not featured since 14 September 2013 in a 2–2 draw with Bradford City. He made his first appearance in seven months as a substitute for David Wright in the U's 2–0 away defeat to Peterborough United on 5 April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36722234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722234" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's hammer throw">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's hammer throw

The Men's hammer throw competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico took place on October 16–17.
Competition format.
The competition consisted of two rounds, qualification and final. Each athlete receives three throws in the qualifying round. All who achieve the qualifying distance progress to the final. If less than twelve athletes achieve this mark, then the twelve furthest throwing athletes reach the final. Each finalist is allowed three throws in last round, with the top eight athletes after that point being given three further attempts.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qual. rule: qualification standard 66.00m (Q) or at least best 12 qualified (q).

</doc>
<doc id="36722235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722235" title="Goodwyn-Bailey House">
Goodwyn-Bailey House

The Goodwyn-Bailey House at 2295 Old Poplar Rd. in Newnan, Georgia was built in 1835. Also known as Catalpa Plantation, it includes Greek Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. The listing included five contributing buildings and one contributing site on .

</doc>
<doc id="36722246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722246" title="Tom Urie">
Tom Urie

Tom Urie (born 1969, Paisley, Scotland) is a Scottish actor from Glasgow, best known for his role as Big Bob (Bob O' Hara) in the BBC Scotland soap opera "River City".
Career.
Urie began his career in the Scottish sketch show "Chewin' the Fat" portraying various roles within the show. In 2002, he starred as Captain Ortego in "Snoddy" which was a television show broadcast in 2002. He returned to sketch show fame in 2003 after he played various roles within "The Karan Dunbar Show". Later in 2003, he appeared as Martin in the popular Scottish sitcom "Still Game".
From 2010 until present, he has played the role as Bob O' Hara, or most commonly known as "big Bob" in the popular BBC Scotland soap opera, "River City".
Urie signed a two record recording deal with Scottish record label, The Music Kitchen in 2010. His debut album, "Tom Urie" was released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36722284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722284" title="Jumbo Jet (Morey's Piers)">
Jumbo Jet (Morey's Piers)

The Jumbo Jet was a prefabricated steel roller coaster at Morey's Piers in Wildwood, New Jersey. Jumbo Jet was a Jet Star 3 / Jumbo Jet model coaster built by noted roller coaster designer Anton Schwarzkopf. In 1975, the Morey brothers traveled to Germany and purchased the Jumbo Jet for $400,000. Morey's Surfside Pier had to be extended a total of to make room for the Jumbo Jet. Despite the expense, however, Jumbo Jet became one of the most popular roller coasters on the Jersey Shore, and was credited for increasing attendance at Morey's Piers. It was the second and final Jet Star 3 / Jumbo Jet model coaster to be built in the state of New Jersey.
Although multiple sources support the purchase of the Morey's Piers Jumbo Jet as occurring in Germany, some sources persist in the rumor that this coaster may have been the relocation of the ill-fated Jumbo Jet from Great Adventure (now Six Flags Great Adventure).
Regardless of the ride's origins, Jumbo Jet was sold in 1987 to a German broker. The broker eventually traded the coaster to Gorky Park in Moscow for two railroad cars of ketchup—as the ruble was not a widely accepted currency outside of the Soviet Union at the time.
Ride layout.
Like other coasters of the Jet Star 3 / Jumbo Jet model line, the Jumbo Jet did not utilize a chain lift or launch mechanism to reach the top of the lift hill. Instead, small wheel motors drove it up the incline of a tight helix. The track was also different on Jet Star 3 / Jumbo Jet roller coasters than on most later steel roller coasters. The former has much thinner track rails than the tubular steel of the latter. Riders on the Morey's Piers Jumbo Jet cited its high-speed, banking turns as a noteworthy element.

</doc>
<doc id="36722293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722293" title="Sam Magri">
Sam Magri

Samuel John "Sam" Magri (born 30 March 1994) is an English footballer who last played for Queens Park Rangers. He plays as a defender.
Club career.
Portsmouth.
Magri joined Portsmouth as a youth player and moved up through the ranks in the academy. In the 2011-12 season he was involved in several first-team squads. He was an unused substitute in games against Southampton and Millwall. In February 2012 Magri had a trial at Liverpool, but a deal was not reached. In his next season, he finally made his professional debut, starting in a Football League Cup match against Plymouth Argyle on August 14 2012.
QPR.
On 31 August 2012, Magri signed a two-year professional contract with Queens Park Rangers, after being released by Portsmouth.Magri played in the QPR youth and reserve team but never made a senior appearance, to get first team football QPR seeked to find a club for him to go out on loan to. On 4 May 2014 he was released by the club, leaving after failing to appear in a single game for QPR's first team. 
Nuneaton Town (loan).
On 14 March 2014, Magri joined Conference side Nuneaton Town on loan for the remainder of the 2013–14 season. Magri made his debut the day after joining in a 2-2 draw away to Aldershot Town. He went on to make 4 appearances in a Nuneaton shirt. Upon his return to Loftus Road Magri's contract was not renewed and he was released.
International career.
Magri made his debut for the England U-16 team against Wales on 15 October 2009 and he captained the U16 side to victory shield during the campaign in 2009. He continued moving up the age groups during the 2010–11 season playing 22 times for the England U17s including the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Mexico. He made his debut for the under 18s versus Slovakia on 16 November 2011. Sam Magri is also eligible to represent the Maltese national team, due to his Maltese grandfather. In June 2011, Magri quoted to The Times of Malta that he would consider playing for Malta if the opportunity arose in future. In September 2012 shortly after making his senior debut for Portsmouth and moving to QPR, Magri made his debut for Noel Blake's England U-19 side, in a 6-0 win against the Faroe Island in Talinn. A couple of days later he was an unused sub in an Under 19's match against Ukraine, this was Magri's last involvement for the Under 19's squad.

</doc>
<doc id="36722299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722299" title="Microchaetaceae">
Microchaetaceae

Microchaetaceae is a family of filamentous, heterocystous cyanobacteria within the order Nostocales. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722309" title="Matías Schulz">
Matías Schulz

Matías Carlos Schulz (born 1982) is an Argentine handball goalkeeper. He was born in Buenos Aires, and plays for the Spanish club BM Granollers. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36722314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722314" title="Gozie Ugwu">
Gozie Ugwu

Chigozie Eze "Gozie" Ugwu (born 22 April 1993) is an English footballer who plays as a forward. He made his debut in the Football League in 2012.
Playing career.
Ugwu was born in Oxford, Oxfordshire. He began his career with Reading and progressed through the club's academy to sign a first professional contract in June 2011. He joined Conference National side Ebbsfleet United on a one-month loan in January 2012, and made his debut in a 1–0 FA Trophy defeat at York City. Ugwu his first goal for the club in a 3–2 win at Bath City, and two more in his next three appearances, against Southport and Gateshead, before the loan was extended by a further month. He returned to Reading at the start of April to try and earn a new contract after scoring four goals in ten league and cup appearances for Ebbsfleet.
He signed a new two-year contract with Reading in July 2012 and joined League One side Yeovil Town on loan for six months. Ugwu made his debut in a 3–0 League Cup win against Colchester United in August, and scored his first two goals for Yeovil in a 4–0 win at Scunthorpe United eleven days later. He scored one more goal, against Doncaster Rovers, and returned to Reading at the start of January 2013 after making five starts and 13 substitute appearances for Yeovil. Soon after his return, Ugwu was included in a Reading match-day squad for the first time ahead of an FA Cup tie with Crawley Town. He was named among the substitutes but did not make an appearance in a 3–1 win for Reading.
Later in January, Ugwu joined League Two club Plymouth Argyle on a one-month youth loan. In his second week with the club, he injured his ankle and was unavailable for two matches. He resumed training in February and made his debut for Argyle two days later in a 2–1 win at Aldershot Town as a second-half substitute. Despite his injury hit start, manager John Sheridan was keen to extend Ugwu's stay and on 19 February his loan was extended for a further month. Having started only two games, and with Reading keen for Ugwu to get playing time, he was recalled from loan on 11 March.
On 14 November 2013, Ugwu signed on loan for Shrewsbury Town until January and made his debut two days later in a 3–1 defeat to Port Vale. He returned to Reading having scored once in seven appearances after Shrewsbury manager Graham Turner decided against renewing his loan. On his decision not to extend Ugwu's stay, Turner commented that despite a positive start, he felt criticism from the fans had impacted on his performances. 
In May 2014 he left Reading following the expiry of his contract.

</doc>
<doc id="36722318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722318" title="Old Pal (cocktail)">
Old Pal (cocktail)

The Old Pal is a cocktail made with Canadian Rye Whiskey, French Vermouth (dry), and Campari. It is similar to a Negroni, but with Rye whiskey instead of Gin and the use of dry vermouth instead of sweet vermouth.
This cocktail first appeared in Harry MacElhone's 1922 book, ABC of Mixing Cocktails. In the book he says the drink was invented by Sparrow Robertson, the Sporting editor of the New York Herald, in Paris. The drink possibly fell out of MacElhone's repertoire by 1927, when he published his next book, Barflies and Cocktails. In this book he swapped the Rye for Bourbon whiskey, and renamed the drink the "Boulevardier". Although possibly being abandoned by MacElhone, the recipe was published again in Harry Craddock's 1930 cocktail book, The Savoy Cocktail Book.

</doc>
<doc id="36722326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722326" title="Nakoma Golf Resort">
Nakoma Golf Resort

The Nakoma Golf Resort is a golf resort in Mohawk Valley of Plumas County, California.
It features a clubhouse designed in 1923 by Frank Lloyd Wright at the request of the Nakoma Country Club in Madison, Wisconsin. According to the Nakoma Golf Resort's website, the clubhouse's design was described as "the most unique building of its kind in America" by the Wisconsin State Journal. The design was not implemented until years later, when the owners of Golf Mountain purchased the plan and constructed the building in Mohawk Valley. The resort also includes Villas intended to echo the construction elements of the clubhouse, designed by Taliesin-trained architects Martin Newland and Elisabeth Winnen. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722329" title="George Colson">
George Colson

George Peter Colson (born 24 October 1993) is an English born Welsh footballer who plays for Bashley. He plays as a midfielder.
Career.
Portsmouth and loans.
Colson signed a two-year scholarship with Portsmouth on 15 July 2010. On 26 June 2012, he signed a one-year professional deal.
On 14 August 2012, he made his debut in the League Cup in a 3–0 defeat at Plymouth Argyle.
On 21 November 2012, Colson joined Dorchester Town on an initial month long loan, alongside Dan Thompson. He made his debut in a Dorset Senior Cup match against Wimborne Town FC a game which Colson scored in, the fixture ended 3-2 to Wimborne. Colson's league debut was in a 2-2 draw on 2 January against struggling Truro City FC. His last involvement for the Magpies was as an unused substitute in a 1-0 win over Dover Athletic.
On 23 January 2013 Colson joined Southern League Premier Division side Bashley on a month's loan joining up with fellow Portsmouth winger Elliot Wheeler. In March, he returned to Portsmouth, and after being told that his contract would not be renewed, Colson secured a trial at Stoke City. He then was released at the end of the season.
Bashley.
Colson signed permanently for Bashley on 24 September, after a good loan spell at the club. In January 2014 Colson Left the club 
International career.
Colson has played for the Wales national under-16 football team.

</doc>
<doc id="36722331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722331" title="Kilis (electoral district)">
Kilis (electoral district)

Kilis is an electoral district of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey. It elects two members of parliament (deputies) to represent the province of the same name for a four-year term by the D'Hondt method, a party-list proportional representation system.
Members.
Population reviews of each electoral district are conducted before each general election, which can lead to certain districts being granted a smaller or greater number of parliamentary seats. Kilis is a new province, established in 1995, and is one of Turkey's smallest, having always sent two members of parliament to Ankara.
Elections.
2011.
Unelected candidates in small text.

</doc>
<doc id="36722334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722334" title="Mark Kharitonov">
Mark Kharitonov

Mark Sergeyevich Kharitonov (, born 31 August 1937) is a Russian novelist, poet, essayist, and translator. He was awarded the first Russian Booker Prize in 1992 for his novel "Lines of Fate".
Biography.
Kharitonov was born in Zhytomyr, Ukrainian SSR, in 1937. He studied at the Moscow State Pedagogical University. He later worked as a teacher, executive secretary for a newspaper, editor for a publishing house, and as a writer beginning in 1969. He has also made many translations, including works by Franz Kafka, Stefan Zweig, Elias Canetti, Hermann Hesse, and Thomas Mann.
After the publication in 1976 of his work "A Day in February" in the magazine Novy Mir, Soviet editors refused to publish his works until 1988, when he was able to publish a collection of prose. His novel "Lines of Fate", written between 1981 and 1985, brought him international recognition upon its publication in 1992. The novel was awarded the first Russian Booker Prize that year. In the novel, the narrator, a literary historian named Anton Lizavin, attempts to piece together the details of the life of a fictional Soviet writer and philosopher named Semyon Milasevich, whose works have been forgotten and neglected. He does this by examining Milasevich's writings, done on candy wrappers, the only paper available to him after the Russian Revolution of 1917, and through various archival research. 
Kharitonov's works, like those of Vladimir Makanin, Viktor Pelevin and others, use a combination of realism and postmodernism. According to critic Neil Cornwell, "Lines of Fate" shows the influence of Thomas Mann and Hermann Hesse. "Lines of Fate" won the Russian Booker Prize by beating out the contributions of much better known authors like Vladimir Makanin and Lyudmila Petrushevskaya. His winning of the prize made him a recognized writer, making it easier to publish more of his works, including those he had written prior to "Lines of Fate". He published a modernist novel "Return from Nowhere" in 1995.
He is married to Galina Edelman with one son and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="36722337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722337" title="Sharaf Cabinet">
Sharaf Cabinet

The Sharif Cabinet was the cabinet of Egypt which was led by prime minister Essam Sharaf from 3 March 2011 to 21 November 2011. It was an interim cabinet and reshuffled in July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36722344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722344" title="Christophe Caloz">
Christophe Caloz

Christophe Caloz (born May 8, 1969, Sierre, Switzerland) is a researcher and professor of electrical engineering at the École Polytechnique de Montréal. He graduated from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne, Switzerland, where he received a Diploma of electrical engineering in telecommunications in 1995 and a Ph.D in electromagnetics (photonic crystals) in 2000. From 2001 to 2004, he was a Postdoctoral Research Engineer at the Microwave Electronics Laboratory of University of California at Los Angeles, before joining the École Polytechnique de Montréal as the Canada Research Chair in radio-frequency metamaterials.
Research.
Caloz has done pioneering contributions to the field of electromagnetic metamaterials and smart antennas over the past decade. His most recent advances in these areas include magnetless non-reciprocal metamaterials and electronically-steered leaky-wave antennas for enhanced Wifi MIMO systems. In the past few years, he discovered giant Faraday rotation in graphene and subsequently demonstrated novel microwave and terahertz devices. Moreover, he introduced the paradigm of Radio Analog Signal Processing (R-ASP), based novel dispersive delay structures that he called "phasers", which bear great promise to next-generation wireless communication systems.
Publications.
Caloz has authored and co-authored over 500 technical conference, letter and journal papers, 12 books and book chapters, and he holds several patents. His work has generated over 10,000 citations.
Professional activities.
Caloz is a Member of the Microwave Theory and Techniques Society (MTT-S) Technical Committees MTT-15 (Microwave Field Theory) and MTT-25 (RF Nanotechnology), a Speaker of the MTT-15 Speaker Bureau, the Chair of the Commission D (Electronics and Photonics) of the Canadian Union de Radio Science Internationale (URSI) and an MTT-S representative at the IEEE Nanotechnology Council (NTC).
Honours and awards.
Caloz received several awards, including the UCLA Chancellor’s Award for Post-doctoral Research in 2004, the MTT-S Outstanding Young Engineer Award in 2007, the E.W.R. Steacie Memorial Fellowship in 2013, and many best paper awards with his students. He has been an IEEE Fellow since 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="36722351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722351" title="ASOTRECOL">
ASOTRECOL

The Association of Injured Workers and Ex-Workers of General Motors Colmotores (ASOTRECOL) is a Colombian association whose stated goal is to protect the rights of GM workers and ex-workers and to denounce rights abuses allegedly committed by GM in Colombia.
Background.
ASOTRECOL is a group of 68 current and former workers at GM Colmotores, GM's Colombian subsidiary, which formed on May 19, 2011. ASOTRECOL set up a shelter in front of the U.S. Embassy in Colombia's capital, Bogotá, on August 2, 2011. After a year of peaceful protest, several members sewed their mouths closed and initiated a hunger strike on August 1, 2012. The association's members were fired by GM after they incurred injuries while working at its Bogotá plant and received no medical benefits or severance. They are seeking a solution with GM Colmotores that would include compensation for medical costs and reintegration into GM's workforce.
Disputes.
ASOTRECOL's Claims.
ASOTRECOL alleges that its members incurred work-related injuries at the GM plant, and that GM illegally fired workers who were consequently unable to perform their work. ASTORECOL's 68 members suffer from various injuries associated with strenuous, repetitive motions, including: musculoskeletal problems, herniated discs, carpal tunnel, elbow and shoulder tendonitis, tinnitus (chronic ringing in the ears), elbow epicondylitis, knee problems, cancer, and spinal injuries. Many have undergone multiple surgeries. GM Colmotores denies all claims, asserting that its number one priority is the health and well-being of its workers.
ASOTRECOL's Demands.
ASOTRECOL's demands are that GM agree to: 1) recognize members' injuries as occupational, 2) assume the costs of the corresponding medical treatment, 3) pay pensions or disability to those who are so severely injured that they can no longer work or can only work part-time, and 4) compensate workers for the economic damage that they have suffered, including lost wages and lost homes. GM alleges that ASOTRECOL members' claims are unfounded, and refuses to resolve their dispute. GM and ASOTRECOL have engaged in mediation five times to date, and GM unilaterally withdrew from the latest one, held on August 6.
International Support.
ASOTRECOL has received widespread support from civil society groups within Colombia and across the United States. Labor unions and organizations, including the AFL-CIO, United Auto Workers, United Steelworkers, Labor Notes, and U.S. Labor Education in the Americas Project, have all issued statements in solidarity with ASOTRECOL. Human rights organizations, such as Witness for Peace, the Washington Office on Latin America, the Latin America Working Group, have also expressed support for ASOTRECOL and advocated for a resolution to its case.
People across the United States have shown support for ASOTRECOL by fasting in solidarity with the hunger strikers or by holding protests.

</doc>
<doc id="36722355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722355" title="2012 Summer Paralympics closing ceremony">
2012 Summer Paralympics closing ceremony

The closing ceremony of the 2012 Summer Paralympics, also known as The Festival of the Flame, was held on 9 September at the Olympic Stadium in London. Kim Gavin (who also directed the closing ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics) served as director for the ceremony, while Stephen Daldry served as its executive producer. The ceremony was themed around festivals and the four seasons, and was set to music performed live by the British rock group Coldplay, also joined by special guest performers such as the British Paraorchestra, Rihanna and Jay-Z.
In a formal handover ceremony, the Paralympic flag was passed from Boris Johnson, Mayor of London, to Eduardo Paes, Mayor of Rio de Janeiro, the host city of the 2016 Summer Paralympics. During his closing speech, International Paralympic Committee president Philip Craven congratulated London for hosting "the greatest Paralympic Games ever." Following the official closure of the Games, the Paralympic cauldron was extinguished by swimmer Eleanor Simmonds and sprinter Jonnie Peacock.
Production.
Kim Gavin, who also directed the closing ceremony of the Summer Olympics just a few weeks prior, would serve as the director for the ceremony. The ceremony's overlying theme was the gathering of people in celebration, honouring the many seasonal festivals that have been held throughout Great Britain's history. Coldplay's lead singer Chris Martin was enthusiastic about his band's prominent role in the closing ceremony, and promised that their act would "close London 2012 in style." Both Gavin and executive producer Stephen Daldry contended that the closing ceremony would not just simply be a Coldplay concert, promising "fantastic visuals and amazing stunts" throughout.
Charles Hazlewood's British Paraorchestra (a 17-piece orchestra of musicians with disabilitiesthe first of its kind in the United Kingdom), made appearances during the closing ceremony; performing alongside Coldplay and also performing the Paralympic anthem. Hazlewood campaigned for the Paraorchestra to be included in the ceremonies of the Paralympics, as he felt that their inclusion could help spread international awareness for disabled musicians.
Performance synopsis.
Pre-show.
In order for all the athletes to enjoy the show in its entirety, all athletes entered the stadium together before the start of the ceremony to take their seats. A group of silver-coloured "dreamers" then took to the field on a set of pedal powered vehicles that doubled up as musical instruments. Some of the dreamers kept falling asleep, but they eventually managed to inflate three crescent moons which were lifted from the ground and suspended, forming the Agitos. None of the pre-show was broadcast on television. The Dreamers remained on the field, asleep until the official start of the Closing Ceremony.
Windstorm.
The closing ceremony opened with a filmed segment showing "eccentric travellers" from around the city making their way to the Olympic Stadium in steampunk-inspired vehicles prepared by the performance art group Mutoid Waste Company. At the end of the video, a group of Wind Gremlins drove into the stadium on custom-built motorbikes with huge fans on the front. The wind awakened the Dreamers from their sleep, and they struggled to fend off the Gremlins' attack while keeping the Agitos in place. In the end the Dreamers were unable to hold on, and the Agitos floats away with one of the Dreamers still clinging on to them. At that point, performers carrying flares entered the field of play to the rescue of the Dreamers.
Raising of the Flag.
A horse-like vehicle entered and was followed by the Human Endeavour machine pulled by a team from Help for Heroes. When the team reached the sundial stage a flagpole was erected with the combined effort of the men from the team. Captain Luke Sinnott (who lost both of his legs and an arm in an explosion on-duty in Helmand, Afghanistan, and aims to compete in sailing at the 2016 Summer Paralympics) proceeded to climb the pole (representing human endeavour) to fly the Union Flag. At the same time 54 drummers carrying flaming poles on their backs marched onto the field to form the Agitos. Just as Captain Sinnott reached the top of the flag pole, Prince Edward and International Paralympic Committee (IPC) president Sir Philip Craven were driven through the Agitos on the field in an art car built from the body of a military vehicle and a 1930's automobile. Blind and autistic singer Lissa Hermans performed the British national anthem "God Save the Queen" (which she also performed as a charity single for the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II).
The Heart of Many Nations.
After climbing the steps to the top of the sundial stage in the centre, the Reader, played by Lance Corporal Rory MacKenzie, addressed the stadium with a speech introducing the theme of the ceremony's cultural presentation, "The Festival of the Flame". His speech was followed by the entrance of the flags of participating nations. At the end of the procession, the flagbearers were in formation in the shape of a heart, and pyrotechnics outlined their shape on the field.
Truck Invasion.
The Reader then read a text taken from a modern druidic ritual written by members of the British Druid Order, calling upon the spirits of the four seasons. After he announced the commencement of the festival, a squad armed with backpack flamethrowers walked onto the field burning patterns similar to crop circles into the grass. At the same time the trucks and travellers previously seen in the opening film entered the stadium, forming a procession consisting of ships, a Clocks truck, creatures like a fish and a grasshopper, and crows on stilts. The truck invasion ended with all trucks and performers assembled around the central sundial stage.
Spirit of the Games.
This section began with the awarding of the Whang Youn Dai Achievement Award to Mary Nakhumicha Zakayo of Kenya and Michael McKillop of Ireland. Zakayo competed in discus, javelin and shot put T57-58. McKillop won gold medals in the 800m T37 and 1500m T37. After this, the six newly elected members of the IPC Athlete's Council; Arnaud Assoumani (Athletics, France), Gizem Girismen, (Para–Archery, Turkey), Jon McCullough (7–a–side Football, United States of America), Teresa Perales (Swimming, Spain), Elvira Stinissen (Sitting Volleyball, Netherlands), Yu Chui Yee (Wheelchair Fencing, Hong Kong) were introduced to the stadium. These six represented all athletes and the IPC in thanking the volunteers of the London 2012 Paralympic Games by presenting flowers to volunteer representatives.
The Festival of the Flame.
The Festival of the Flame kicked off proper as a live concert by Coldplay followed. Coldplay performed from the sundial stage, and performances were broadly categorised into the four seasons, beginning with Autumn and finishing with Summer.
Autumn.
Coldplay began the set with "Us Against The World", as performers crowded around the stage signed the lyrics to the song. They then followed it with "Yellow", one of the band's first singles, while dancers from the Candoco Dance Company danced on the North Stage and a flaming mask of the Sun King rose from it, signifying the end of the harvest season. Coldplay next sang "Up in Flames", with aerial artistes Lyndsay Care (who has cerebral palsy) and Denis Remnev performing a strap act on the Clocks truck. The band closed the Autumn segment with "Paradise"; 19 aerialists attached to lightbulbs floated from the top down to the field, symbolising fireflies which mark the end of Autumn.
Winter.
The short Winter segment was soundtracked by Coldplay's "42". 6 warrior skaters holding flaming torches skated around the Snow Queen (played by Viktoria Modesta Moskalova) on the South Stage, frozen in her cage. Slowly the skaters melted the "ice" and removed the bars on her cage, releasing the Queen. The Snow Queen was inspired by the White Queen from C. S. Lewis' popular series The Chronicles of Narnia. Green light then filled the stadium, replacing the chilly blue of Winter and signalling the impending arrival of Spring. Coldplay performed "God Put a Smile upon Your Face" with guest drummer Mat Fraser, who was born with phocomelia of both arms.
Spring.
Spring opened with a performance of "Clocks" with a laser show while poi jugglers performed with special LED pois which projected images as they were swung, while the stadium lit up with Xylobands, special LED wristbands given to all athletes in the field of play which lit up in time to the music. These were the same type of wristbands given to audience members of Coldplay's Mylo Xyloto Tour. During the next song "Charlie Brown", 120 children carrying 600 car hub caps ran towards the Fish truck in the field of play and hung the caps, painted to represent fish scales, on the fish skeleton. Rihanna arrived on the Ship truck to perform "Princess of China", her collaboration with Coldplay.
Summer.
Coldplay frontman Chris Martin introduced the British Paraorchestra who performed a short instrumental intro leading into "Strawberry Swing", while dancers behind the orchestra danced their way into the Summer segment. After that song, Rihanna made her second appearance, singing "We Found Love" whilst suspended on a metal bench over the dancers and performers rode carousel horses suspended in the air. Coldplay concluded this segment of the ceremony with a performance of "Viva la Vida". The Summer dancers and Candoco Dance Company danced on the two stages as other performers joined in the revelry. The main concert segment finished with Chris Martin leading the stadium in a big sing-along from the top of the sundial.
Alô Rio.
The Paralympic flag was formally lowered by three members of the Ministry of Defence, while the British Paraorchestra performed the Paralympic anthem. The flag was then passed from the hands of the Mayor of London Boris Johnson to that of IPC president Philip Craven, who in turn formally handed the flag to Eduardo Paes, mayor of Rio de Janeiro, the next host city in 2016.
Joy.
The handover was followed by a cultural presentation by Rio entitled "Joy". Set to music performed by Thalma De Freitas, Paralamas do Sucesso and Carlinhos Brown, it featured disabled and able-bodied dancers competing in dance battles that incorporated a combination of hip-hop with traditional Brazilian dances. The presentation ended with fireworks.
The Final Flame.
The presentation was followed by speeches from LOCOG chairman Sebastian Coe and Sir Philip Craven. Coe stated that we had our minds opened to what people can do and achieve by sheer talent and determination. Coe paid tribute to the volunteers of the games by recalling two stories of people he had met. The first was during a journey on the tube where he met Andrew, a Games Maker, which Coe branded among the heroes of London 2012, who is a doctor at St Mary's hospital whilst on his way to helping out at the boxing. When Coe tried to thank him for all his help, Andrew said that it is Coe who should be thanked. Andrew suddenly said that he had was on duty during the London bombings for him this is closure. Andrew wasn't sure that he should come but was glad he did, as he had seen the worst of mankind and now he had seen the best of mankind. A few days later Coe met Emily at the Paralympic Games, who said that it has lifted the cloud of limitation. Coe then stated to Andrew and Emily that he was going to have the last word and thanked them and all the volunteers, which drew a standing ovation from the crowd. Continuing Coe stated that the games led the public to not think about sport or disability the same way again, and agreeing with Emily that the cloud has been lifted. Coe felt that London's high quality organisation of the Olympics and Paralympics were worthy enough of being labelled "Made in Britain."
Craven hailed the Games as simply amazing. Continuing Craven noted that the Beijing Closing Ceremony theme was a "Letter to the Future" which was received with open arms by Coe and his team committed to delivering a successful games in London; stating that the team were determined to satisfy the British public's insatiable appetite for elite sport. Craven continuing stated that the Olympic Delivery Authority and LOCOG have helped inspired an generation; adding that this were not just London's Games, but thanks to LOCOG's Charles Alan's group, they were the Games of the United Kingdom and noted that the country had a feel good factor like never before. Craven stated that there were numerous of examples of teams working together and noted that those with irrepressible smiles and a fountain of knowledge is whom the biggest cheer should be reserved for, stating "has already happened and will happen again", the thousands of Games Makers. Craven went on to hail the International and national technical officials, classifiers and particularly the armed forces and emergency services who had stepped into the breach. Paralympians were noted by Craven for giving to the world many feats that people thought impossible, causing the media to be wax lyrical, and leading many spectators to create what Boris Johnson described as a wall of noise. Craven stated that the Games had truly come home and had found a path for the future. Craven congratulated London for staging what were "unique and without doubt, in my mind and those of the athletes, the greatest Paralympic Games ever." Craven concluded by linking Stephen Hawking's words about changing perceptions across multiple dimensions from the opening ceremony to George Glenn, a five year old, who was asked a question by his mother, Emma, when reading a book called "Treasure". Emma asked who that man was on the first page, who was dressed as a pirate. George's reply was "well he only has one leg – so he must be an athlete." Craven stated that kids just get it now we all do thanks to the amazing performance witnessed here. Craven closed the 2012 Paralympic Games and stated that these Paralympic Games will live for an eternity and called on all Paralympic athletes around the world to meet again in four years in Rio. Craven ended with a big, big thank you for the people of London and the United Kingdom.
Following Sir Philip's speech, the Paralympics cauldron was extinguished, save for one petal. British Paralympians Eleanor Simmonds and Jonnie Peacock lit their torches with this last flame, and they in turn passed the flame on to performers who spread out onto the field of play, representing an eternal flame reaching all people. Coldplay and Rihanna returned to the stage with rapper Jay-Z to perform his collaboration "Run This Town", followed by a reprise of "Paradise" with new rap verses from Jay-Z.
Finale.
This was then followed by a performance by Coldplay of "The Scientist" set to a video montage of highlights from the Games. Coldplay closed the ceremony with a performance of "Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall", while fountains on the stages sprayed and performers danced in the “rain”. The final song was followed by a fireworks display over the Olympic Stadium and the Thames River, accompanied by an orchestral and choral arrangement of Coldplay's Politik, during which Tower Bridge was raised. The display ended with the Union Flag being projected on the Palace of Westminster, which faded to black, revealing a message reading "Thank you London, Thank you UK." Stadium announcers Trish Bertram and Marc Edwards closed the ceremony with a farewell message – "To athletes of the world to the people of London and the United Kingdom, the volunteers and the staff of the London 2012 Organising Committee, thank you for an unforgettable summer, thank you for inspiring a generation. Good night and goodbye."
Reception.
An estimated number of 7.7 million people watched the closing ceremony on Channel 4.
Bernadette McNulty of "The Daily Telegraph" characterized the closing ceremony as a more "thematic, pagan-style show" than the intellectual opening ceremony, and described its opening scene as "a fire-filled opener filled with cannibalised machines that looked like a cross between "War Horse" and "Scrapheap Challenge"." Whilst acknowledging that Coldplay may not be considered the best example of British music by all viewers, McNulty praised the band for " how to play to a stadium and fill it with emotionally, uplifting anthems" and for not performing their "potentially patronizing 'Fix You'." McNulty concluded by proclaiming that "the most successful Paralympics ever thankfully got the rousing closing ceremony that it deserved."
"The Guardian"'s Alexis Petridis noted that portions of the closing ceremony had a noticeably darker feel than the other ceremonies of the Olympics and Paralympics in London, but complimented it for having " whiff of the kind of thing you see at 3am in the outlying fields at Glastonbury", unlike the Olympics' closing ceremony, which had "a whiff of a bad night at the Brits." Although he considered some of Coldplay's slower, anthem-like songs to be in conflict with his belief that the Paralympics were not about "pity" (which he associated the songs with through their use on reality TV shows), Petridis praised Coldplay's more upbeat performances, such as their performance of "Strawberry Swing" alongside the Paraorchestra, and concluded that the performance of "Run This Town" was "weirdly appropriate" when viewed in the context of the Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36722359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722359" title="Shafik Cabinet">
Shafik Cabinet

The Shafik Cabinet was led by prime minister of Egypt Ahmed Shafik from 31 January 2011 to 3 March 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36722377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722377" title="Scytonemataceae">
Scytonemataceae

Scytonemataceae is a family of filamentous, heterocystous cyanobacteria within the order Nostocales. The family is known from freshwater, marine and terrestrial environments where it grows in colonies attached to the substrate. Akinetes are not known, and the members of the family are known to reproduce with non-heterocystous hormogonia. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722381" title="The Audibles">
The Audibles

The Audibles is a hip hop production duo from Las Vegas, Nevada, consisting of Dominic "DJ Mecca" Jordan and Jimmy "Jimmy G" Giannos. The 2x Grammy nominated duo, Dominic “DJ MECCA” Jordan and Jimmy “Jimmy G” Giannos, met in 2007 at the “Lost in Love” music video shoot for Polow Da Don artists I-15 at the Palms Casino in Paradise, Nevada. Jimmy was interested in working with Castro from I-15 on some of his artist Jazz’s songs. They officially met up a week later at Odds On Recording Studios in Henderson. After vibing at the studio in an all night session, they realized each other talents and began to create together. They coined their name “The Audibles” from its root definition “to be heard” and “to change the game” as seen by quarterbacks in football. Castro and Das offered an opportunity for the two to move to Atlanta and develop there art further under producer Polow Da Don.
Before Las Vegas.
Through working with Polow in 2008, The Audibles went on to co-write and produce songs on I-15′s album that was never released. They went on to co-produce records with Zone 4 signed (at the time) producers Hit Boy and Chase N Cashe of the Surf Club. After living in Atlanta for a couple years, they gained much insight into the industry and decided to migrate back to Las Vegas.
Rise to success.
Their first major production hit came with Interscope recording artist Mishon’s “Turn it Up” in 2009. It featured Roscoe Dash. The song reached #80 on the Billboard Hot 100 and attained them widespread attention for the first time. They also co- produced Young Money’s 3rd single “Girl I Got You” with Mr. Pyro on YMCMB’s first album entitled “We Are Young Money. Through their partnership with Future Music executives Mally Mall and Jason “Poo Bear” Boyd, the duo went on to create records for Redman’s Reggie album and landed an instant cult hip hop classic entitled “Lite 1 Witcha Boi” featuring Method Man and Bun B. They achieved huge success with their production on Lupe Fiasco L.A.S.E.R.S album with their smash performance single, “I Don’t Wanna Care Right Now” featuring Jason “MDMA” Boyd.
Style.
Their ‘sound’ is mostly melodic synthesizer riffs, Sampling Keyboard and modules. An Audibles’ production is typically characterized by flat, punchy drum sounds and the use of module presets. Their choice keyboards are the Motif XS8, Fantom, Korg Triton, Moog Voyager and soft synths. They are also well known for using FL Studio and incorporating live percussion and acoustic instruments into their music. Another sound found on Audibles hip hop productions are their distinctive use of synth lines and their blend of hip hop styled verses mixed with an electro style driven hooks, as seen on Lupe’s “I don’t Wanna Care Right Now.”
Sasha Sirota.
They came across a superstar in the making by the name of Sasha Sirota by fluke. Sasha applied for an engineering position at Future Music Studios where the two work from. They discovered that he was much more than an “engineer” and realized not only his multi-instrumental talents, but his amazing singing ability as well. They went on to sign him and immediately began to work on his masterpiece in the making.
Yelawolf.
In 2011, they teamed up with Interscope recording artist and Alabama native Yelawolf to work on his debut album Radioactive (Yelawolf album). They recorded five songs, four of which made the album. “Let’s Roll” which was co- produced by Mr. Pyro and Eminem, became the second lead single and featured Kid Rock. The song was successful on the radio and helped catapult Yela’s career into mainstream hip hop.
Recent history.
In 2012, they went on to work with Lupe Fiasco on his newest single “Bitch Bad” for his forthcoming album, “.” The two teamed up with Poo Bear to work on his R&B opus “BEATS 2 BREAK UP 2″ which they did almost all the production for aside from “Made You Break Up With Me” produced by Mr. Pyro. They have produced songs for artists like Keyshia Cole, Chris Brown, YMCMB, Fabolous and Usher. They are currently working on songs for Ludacris, Young Jeezy, Trey Songz, Christina Milian, Ciara, Lloyd, Rihanna, They are also currently working on Future Music signed recording artists: Poo Bear, Jazz, Sasha Sirota and Edamami’s Debut albums.
In 2013, they worked with French Montana and were in the studio with Justin Bieber.
Trademark.
Their trade mark includes a lady seductively saying "The Audibles"

</doc>
<doc id="36722383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722383" title="Wall's finiteness obstruction">
Wall's finiteness obstruction

In geometric topology, a field within mathematics, the obstruction to a finitely dominated space "X" being homotopy-equivalent to a finite CW-complex is its Wall finiteness obstruction "w(X)" which is an element in the reduced zeroth algebraic K-theory of the integral group ring formula_1. It is named after the mathematician C. T. C. Wall.
By Milnor's work on finitely dominated spaces, no generality is lost in letting "X" be a CW-complex. A "finite domination" of "X" is a finite CW-complex "K" together with maps formula_2 and formula_3 such that formula_4. By a construction due to Milnor it is possible to extend "r" to a homotopy equivalence formula_5 where formula_6 is a complex obtained from "K" by attaching cells to kill the relative homotopy groups formula_7. formula_6 will be "finite" if all relative homotopy groups are finitely generated. Wall showed that this will be the case if and only if his finiteness obstruction vanishes. More precisely, using covering space theory and the Hurewicz theorem one can identify formula_7 with formula_10. Wall then showed that the cellular chain complex formula_11 is chain-homotopy equivalent to a chain complex formula_12 of finite type of projective formula_13-modules, and that formula_14 will be finitely generated if and only if these modules are stably-free. Stably-free modules vanish in reduced K-theory. This motivates the definition

</doc>
<doc id="36722385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722385" title="Chaochih Liu">
Chaochih Liu

Chaochih Liu (born February 10, 1993; ) is a Taiwanese-American figure skater who competed internationally for Taiwan in ladies singles. The 2009 Taiwanese national champion, she placed 17th at the 2009 World Junior Championships and 19th at the 2009 Four Continents Championships.
Personal life.
Liu was born on February 10, 1993, in the United States of America. She is currently a student at the University of Minnesota and coaches aspiring figure skaters in the United States. Lui enjoys playing the piano and guitar in her free time. She also works in a plant genetics research lab and plans to become a doctor. She went to Cheyenne Mountain High School and speaks fluent Mandarin Chinese. Her grandfather was in the restaurant business in Zhongli, Taiwan before moving the family to Iowa City, Iowa. Her mother was a math professor at the University of Iowa before relocating to Colorado Springs, Colorado for better training.
Skating career.
Liu started skating at the age of seven. She competed on the national level in the United States where she placed 11th at the 2007 U.S. Championships on the junior level. 
In 2008 Liu began representing Taiwan. She made her debut on the international scene at the 2008 Junior Grand Prix Mexico City competition. Liu made her senior debut at the 2009 Four Continents Championships in Vancouver, Canada where she finished 19th. Later that season, she competed at the 2009 World Championships in Los Angeles where she finished 28th.

</doc>
<doc id="36722405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722405" title="Charles Bowden (disambiguation)">
Charles Bowden (disambiguation)

Charles Bowden (born 1945) is an American non-fiction author, journalist, and essayist.
Charles Bowden may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36722449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722449" title="Federico Gastón Fernández">
Federico Gastón Fernández

Federico Gastón Fernández (born 1989) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires, and plays for the Spanish club BM Ciudad Encantada. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36722451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722451" title="Andy Higgins (footballer, born 1993)">
Andy Higgins (footballer, born 1993)

Andrew Higgins is an Australian footballer who currently plays for ECU Joondalup
as a midfielder.
Career.
Portsmouth.
Born in Perth, Higgins moved to England, and signed a two-year scholarship with Portsmouth on 15 July 2010.
On 14 August 2012, he made his debut in the League Cup in a 3–0 defeat at Plymouth Argyle.
Perth Glory.
On 20 November 2012, Higgins cancelled his contract at Portsmouth to return home to Australia, in order to search for first team football. He joined the youth team at Perth Glory.

</doc>
<doc id="36722460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722460" title="Finland at the 2012 European Athletics Championships">
Finland at the 2012 European Athletics Championships

Finland was represented by 53 athletes at the 2012 European Athletics Championships in Helsinki, Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="36722471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722471" title="Ashton-Driggs House">
Ashton-Driggs House

The Ashton-Driggs House on E. Battlecreek Rd. in Pleasant Grove, Utah was built in 1865. Also known as the Benjamin W. Driggs House, it includes Greek Revival architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972.
It is a stone house built of soft, tufa rock. It was added to several times since its original construction.

</doc>
<doc id="36722474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722474" title="Grand Park">
Grand Park

The Grand Park is a park located in the civic center of Los Angeles, California. It is part of the larger Grand Avenue Project, with its first phase having opened in July 2012. The Grand Park is part of a joint venture by the city of Los Angeles and Los Angeles County. Park programming and entertainment, security and upkeep is maintained by the nearby Los Angeles Music Center.
The Grand Park stretches between the Los Angeles City Hall and the Los Angeles Music Center on Grand Avenue. It is designed to be pedestrian friendly and connects Bunker Hill to the civic center. The park plans include tree-shaded sidewalks, drought-tolerant plants, an interactive fountain plaza, performance lawns and courtyards, plenty of street lights, movable park furniture, and kiosks to encourage the walking and exploration of the area. City officials and some visitors have compared Grand Park to other well-established urban parks such as New York's Central Park or San Francisco's Union Square.
Prior to the creation of the Grand Park, the area was already a public space with plazas, fountains and a Court of Flags.
Activities.
By virtue of the mostly sunny weather, the park also features programs year-round. In 2012, the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors allocated $3.3 million for the first year's operations, mainly to cover logistics such as security and maintenance, with $100,000 for programming. Events will be coordinated by the Performing Arts Center of Los Angeles County, which also oversees the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, Ahmanson Theatre, Mark Taper Forum and the Walt Disney Concert Hall. The inaugural event featured Bandaloop, a professed vertical dance company of aerialists, performing against the backdrop of Los Angeles City Hall. During the first six months, Grand Park hosted about 40 events. Some were bids for a mass audience, while others aimed to grab passers-by. 
The Community Terrace features a large picnic table and lawn area for gatherings and viewing visuals projected on nearby wall of the Hall of Records. Open lawn space can be used for major public events such as New Year’s Eve celebrations and festivals.
Transportation.
Direct access to the park is available on the Los Angeles Metro Red Line and Purple Line at the Civic Center station. The park is also accessible via the Silver Line's 1st Street/Hill Street stop or its Spring Street/City Hall stop. Several local, rapid and express Metro bus routes also share the same 1st Street/Hill Street stop at the civic center.
History.
Construction on the Grand Park began in 2010 and carries a price tag of $56 million. The park was paid for by $50 million from Related Companies, the developer planning the nearby building projects as part of the Grand Avenue Project. The park was supposed to be part of a later phase of a $775-million Frank Gehry-designed mixed-use development. But that changed when the Great Recession struck, undermining the condominium sales market that was a bedrock of the overall plan. Other phases of the project remained stalled amid the recession, but the park moved forward thanks to a special agreement between the joint powers authority overseeing the project and its developer.
Management.
The Los Angeles Music Center's contract to operate Grand Park is expected to run until mid-2017; in addition, it earns in rents and fees charged to concessionaires and others. In 2014, the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors approved funding of $1 million for an independent nonprofit group, the Grand Park Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="36722475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722475" title="Charles P. McClelland">
Charles P. McClelland

Charles Paul McClelland (December 19, 1854 - June 6, 1944) was a Judge for the United States Customs Court.
Biography.
McClelland was born on December 19, 1854, in Glenluce, Scotland. He received a Bachelor of Laws degree from New York University School of Law in 1880. He was admitted to the bar the same year, and practiced law in Dobbs Ferry.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Westchester Co, 1st D.) in 1885 and 1886; Deputy Collector of the Port of New York from December 1886 to March 1890; again a member of the State Assembly in 1891; and a member of the New York State Senate (12th D.) in 1892, 1893 and 1903.
Federal Judicial Service.
On August 21, 1903, President Roosevelt appointed McClelland to the Board of General Appraisers via a recess appointment. On November 10, 1903, President Roosevelt nominated McClelland to the same seat, which had been vacated by James A. Jewell. He was confirmed by the Senate on December 7, 1903, and received his commission the following day. On May 28, 1926, he was transferred by operation of law to the newly created United States Customs Court. He served as Chief Judge of the court from 1934 to 1939. He served on the court until his retirement on September 30, 1939, and was succeeded by Judge Webster Oliver.
Death.
McClelland died on June 6, 1944, in Dobbs Ferry, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="36722488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722488" title="Finiteness theorem">
Finiteness theorem

In mathematics, there are several finiteness theorems.

</doc>
<doc id="36722493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722493" title="Federico Pizarro (handballer)">
Federico Pizarro (handballer)

Federico Pizarro (born 1986) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires, and plays for the club Sedalo. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36722497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722497" title="Delta TechOps">
Delta TechOps

Delta TechOps is the maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) division of Delta Air Lines, and is headquartered at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport (ATL) in Atlanta, Georgia. With more than 9,600 Technical Operations employees and 51 maintenance stations worldwide, Delta TechOps is a full-service maintenance provider for the more than 750 aircraft that make up the Delta Air Lines fleet. In addition to maintaining the Delta Air Lines fleet, Delta TechOps also provides MRO solutions and support to more than 150 third-party operators around the world, making it the largest airline MRO provider in North America and the third largest worldwide.
History.
The original Delta Technical Operations Center Jet Base, later known as Technical Operations Center (TOC) 1, opened on June 21, 1960 at Atlanta Municipal Airport (eventually renamed to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport). This facility covered 9 acres, employed 1,600 individuals and provided service exclusively to Delta Air Lines’ fleet of 79 aircraft, including 9 jets. In May 1968, Delta TechOps completed its first expansion, increasing the total space by 7 acres and adding another 1,700 employees, more than doubling the size of the division’s workforce. In 1973, Delta TechOps added another 20-acre hangar, known as TOC 2, increasing the total acreage to 36. By 1982, more additions were needed to accommodate the growing business, and TOC 1 was expanded by another 10 acres.
Up until this point, Delta TechOps had only performed maintenance, repairs and overhauls on Delta Air Lines’ own fleet, but in 1983, the division began offering these services to other airlines. Today, third party business accounts for 20-25% of the division’s workload.
The most recent facility expansion, a four-story, 17-acre addition known as TOC 3, was completed in 1991, bringing the total size of the facilities at Hartsfield-Jackson to 63 acres.
In 2006, Delta TechOps generated revenues of more than $310M, and by 2009, this amount had reached the half-billion mark.
In 2008, Delta TechOps received ISO 9001 certifications for its component maintenance shops.
In 2009, Delta TechOps joined EPA's National Partnership for Environmental Priorities in committing to eliminate lead from machine shop operations and recycle 7,000 pounds of lead.
In 2011, Delta TechOps expanded its partnership with Skymark Airlines to provide advance exchange power-by-the-hour services for 25 CFM56-7B powered Boeing 737NG aircraft. Delta TechOps received ISO 9001 certification from the International Standards Organization for its engine maintenance and landing gear shops and is one of only a few airline maintenance, repair and overhaul service providers to achieve the certification.
In 2012, Delta TechOps invested in new MRO technology for engines to cut costs and boost revenue.
In 2013, Delta TechOps and EmpowerMX signed an agreement to employ the cloud-based FleetCycle® MRO Manager product as the primary maintenance-execution tool in all of Delta TechOps airframe MRO facilities.
In 2014, Delta TechOps expanded its maintenance providership with Hawaiian Airlines with an integrated component exchange and repair program for 12 Boeing 767 aircraft.
Training and Support.
In addition to MRO services and support, Delta TechOps also provides third-party operators with technical training, engineering support and inventory management. Delta TechOps aviation maintenance technicians (AMT) make up the majority of the company’s instruction and education corps.
International Reach.
Delta TechOps maintains a quick-response Disabled Aircraft Recovery Team (D.A.R.T.) which provides worldwide support. In recent years Delta TechOps has been recognized as an international industry leader in service flexibility, maintaining dispatch reliability greater than 97 percent fleetwide.
Specialties.
Accessories, Actuators, Airframe, APU, Aviation Oxygen, Avionics, C S Ds, Cabin Compressors, Cylinders, Electric Generators, Electric Motors, Engine Accessories (Q E C), Engine Components, Fire Bottles, Fire Extinguishers, Flight Simulator Instruments, Flight Surfaces, Fuel Bladders, Generators, Hydraulics, In Flight Entertainment, Instruments, Landing Gear, Lavatories, Nose Cowls, Other Accessories, Owygen Cylinders, Oxygen Masks, Passenger Service Units, Pneumatics, Power Plant, Restoration Repair, Starters, Thrust Reverses, Wheels & Brakes
Aircraft Serviced.
Airbus: A318 A319, A320, A321, A330;
Boeing: 737 (Classic, NG), 747, 757, 767, 777, MD-11, MD-80, MD-90
Engines Serviced.
Turbofan: CF34-3A/B, CF34-8C, CF6-80A/A2, CF6-80C2, CFM56-3, CFM56-5 CFM56-7, JT8D-219, PW2000, PW4000-94
APU: GTCP 131-9B, GTCP 331-200
Certifications.
Delta TechOps has certified repair stations in the United States (FAA), the European Union (EASA) and other countries, including:
USA: FAA – 121 Certificated Air Carrier No. DALA026A
USA: FAA – 121 Certified Repair Station No. DALA026A
USA: FAA – 145 Certified Repair Station No. DALR026A
EU: EASA – 145 Certified Repair Station No. EASA.145.4380
Argentina: DNA – 145 Approved Maintenance Organization No. 1-B-318
Bermuda: BDCA – Approved Maintenance Organization No. BDA/AMO/187
Brazil: ANAC – 145 Approved Maintenance Organization 0604-04/ANAC
Canada: TCCA/FAA – 145 Approved Maintenance Organization No. DALR026A
Chile: DGAC – 145 Approved Maintenance Organization No. E-110
China (PR): CAAC – 145 Approved Maintenance Organization No. F00100401
Indonesia: DGCA – 145 Approved Maintenance Organization No. 145/62000
Japan: JCAB – 145 Approved Maintenance Organization No. 192
Korea (Republic of): KCASA - 145 Approved Maintenance Organization No. 2005-AMO F06
Saudi Arabia: GACA – applied for
Singapore: CAAS – applied for
Trinidad & Tobago: TTCAA – 145 Approved Maintenance Organization No. TTAR/011
ISO 9001: Delta TechOps Component, Engine and Landing Gear, No. CERT-0025376
U.S. MRO Service Locations.
While most of Delta TechOps' work is done at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, other maintenance service locations include:
Bradley International Airport
Logan International Airport
Baltimore-Washington International Airport Thurgood Marshall Airport
Miami International Airport
Charleston International Airport
Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport
Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport
Denver International Airport
Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport
Newark Liberty International Airport
Fort Lauderdale - Hollywood International Airport
Honolulu International Airport
John F. Kennedy International Airport
McCarran International Airport
Los Angeles International Airport
LaGuardia Airport
Orlando International Airport
Memphis International Airport
Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport
Portland International Airport
Philadelphia International Airport
Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport
San Diego International Airport
Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport
Seattle-Tacoma International Airport
San Francisco International Airport
Salt Lake City International Airport
Tampa International Airport

</doc>
<doc id="36722500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722500" title="Kurt Oscar Weber">
Kurt Oscar Weber

Kurt Oscar Weber (26 July 1938 – 29 October 2011) was a Swiss-American fine artist, primarily working in sculpture and painting. He worked in several genres of art including German Expressionism, Abstract Expressionism, Color fielding, and Figuration. He is known for his international solo and group exhibitions primarily presented in the US, France, Switzerland, Austria, and Germany. He maintained studios in Emeryville, California and in Uerikon near Lake Zurich for over 30 years.
Personal background.
Kurt O. Weber was born on 26 July 1938 in Zurich, Switzerland. Weber traveled internationally throughout his life. In 1968, he traveled to the US and with his wife, artist Colette Leitner, (AKA Lindner) began a 13-year adventure exploring the country. In 1970, he became a US citizen, while simultaneously maintaining his Swiss citizenship. During this period, he continued his artwork, which primarily included sketching and drafting ideas. Following their exploration across the US, which ended in 1981, Weber divorced and moved to the western US. Arriving in California, Weber set up a studio in Emeryville, located in the San Francisco Bay area. It was here that he created his first large-format images.
Later on, he would commute back and forth between America and Europe, which continued until the 1990s when he temporarily took up residence in Basel. Following the separation from his second wife, he switched his primary residence back to San Francisco. While maintaining a studio in California, he continued to travel to Paris and Switzerland on a regular basis. It wasn't until 2009, that Weber exhibited his art in his native city of Zurich for the first time.
In Paris, during the growing environment of the existentialism, Weber met Jean-Paul Sartre and Alberto Giacometti. He formed a lifelong friendship with the Giacometti, who advised him to develop and maintain ownership and independence of his artistic style and expression, apart from the influence and control of the artistic community that would seek to define his work based on the desires and artistic direction of others. To that end, Weber continued to develop new techniques and painting processes, which included the use of mixed media, pigments, and bright, vibrant colors on various canvasses and placement boards.
In 1964, with the encouragement of Giacometti, Weber traveled to New York, where the avant garde movement had been developing and coming to prominence on a global scale. While intrigued by the creative expression of the abstract painters he encountered in New York, he was drawn to the historic monuments of the Mayas and the Aztecs and began traveling to Mexico regularly. It was this combination of experiences - the breadth and spatiality of American abstract painting and Mexico’s luminous colors that moved Weber to a radical new start.
Educational background.
Weber's professional training was varied and included studying with world renowned artists throughout Europe. He attended the Kunstgewerbeschule (School of Applied Arts) in Vienna, Switzerland, from 1955 through 1958. The school was a highly progressive school that offered an education that focused primarily on architecture, furniture, crafts, and modern design. While Vienna's Academy of Fine Art was considered more prestigious and traditional, the education at Kunstgewerbeschule was dominated by instructors of the Vienna Secession.
Following the completion of his education at Kunstgewerbeschule, Weber relocated to Paris, where he studied sculpture and painting under the guidance of André Lhôte, founder of the Académie d'Art in Montparnasse. Afterwards, Weber went to Italy to study the famous murals and wall paintings created by Italian Renaissance painters. After completing initial studies of the Italian frescoes, Weber moved to Salzburg, Austria, where he studied with Oskar Kokoschka, founder of the Schule des Sehens (School of Seeing). He additionally studied at the École des Beaux-Arts in Zurich and the Académie de peinture et de sculpture (Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture) in Paris. He and studied lithography and etching with Stanley Hayter in Paris.
Influences.
André L’Hôte was not only a professor but also a significant influence on Weber's early emerging talent. Fernand Léger, also contributed to Weber in his early years. As Weber's work matured the classic influences of Andrea Montegna, Caravaggio, Pierro Della Francesca, and Fra Angelica are evident. He received the greatest inspiration in his professional career from Alberto Giacometti and Pablo Picasso.
Personal style.
Weber's oeuvre consists of four distinct genres: Late German Expressionism, which reveals his close scrutiny of Max Beckmann, E. L. Kirchner, and Emile Nolde. Abstract Expressionist works salute Jackson Pollock, Conrad Marca-Relli, Arshille Gorky, and Philip Guston. Figuration nods to Eric Fischl and Egon Schiele. Weber's expansive Colorfields reflect his respect for fellow Bay Area artist, Richard Diebenkorn, as well as Helen Frankenthaler, Ad Reinhardt, and Barnett Newman.
Death.
Weber died in Basel, Switzerland on 29 October 2011. At the time of his death, he had perfected a previously undeveloped painting technique and process which allowed brilliant inks and pigment to adhere to translucent vellum. His last collective series encompassed the perfecting of this technique, which he referred to as "Clusters". Following his death, an exhibition of a retrospective collection of Weber's life and work from 1960 through 2009 was presented at the Sammlung Gallerie S/Z in Zurich, running from June through August 2012. Another retrospective presentation of his work, entitled "Remember", was presented in 2012 at the Galerie Lilian Andrée, Riehen, in the canton of Basel-Stadt in Switzerland.
Further reading.
Pierre-Marc-Levengeois: Kurt Weber, "The Palimpset of Cities". Le Nouveau Quotidien, Lausanne, Suisse, Laurent Wolf: "Kurt Weber, L'Homme qui va là où est la Peinture". Radio France Internationale, Allemagne. Arts plastique: Ironie et dérision, Ville d'Ivry: Actualité Culture

</doc>
<doc id="36722504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722504" title="Richard K. Sanford">
Richard K. Sanford

Richard K. Sanford (July 25, 1822 Volney, Oswego County, New York – April 24, 1895 Brooklyn, Kings County, New York) was an American newspaper editor and politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Kingsbury E. Sanford. He graduated from Hamilton College in 1843. Then he taught school, and was in charge of Middlebury Academy and other schools, until 1855. In 1848, he married Lucy A. Carrier (d. 1859), and they had two children.
In 1856, he became the owner and editor of the "Fulton Patriot and Gazette".
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Oswego Co., 2nd D.) in 1861; of the New York State Senate (21st D.) in 1862 and 1863; and again of the State Assembly in 1865.
He was for 25 years a clerk in the Auditor's office of the New York Customs House, and died of "apoplexy" at his home at 394 State Street, in Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="36722513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722513" title="Signatures with efficient protocols">
Signatures with efficient protocols

Signatures with efficient protocols are a form of digital signature invented by Jan Camenisch and Anna Lysyanskaya in 2001. In addition to being secure digital signatures, they need to allow for the efficient implementation of two protocols:
In applications the first protocol allows a signer in possession of the signing key, to issue a signature to a user (the signature owner) without learning all the messages being signed or the complete signature.
The second protocol allows the signature owner to prove that he has a signature on a number of messages, without revealing the signature and only a (possibly) empty subset of the messages.
The combination of these two protocols allows for the implementation of digital credential and ecash protocols.

</doc>
<doc id="36722515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722515" title="Mark Machtolf">
Mark Machtolf

Mark Machtolf is an American college baseball coach, the head coach of the Gonzaga Bulldogs baseball team since prior to the 2004 season, when he succeeded Steve Hertz as the team's head coach. Machtolf had previously served as an assistant to Hertz from prior to the 1996 season through the 2003 season. Under Machtolf, Gonzaga appeared in the 2009 NCAA Tournament. As a result of Gonzaga's successful season, Machtolf was named the West Coast Conference Coach of the Year. His career head coaching record is 266-220-1.
Machtolf attended Gonzaga Prep and Stanford University. At Stanford, he played college baseball for the Cardinal from 1984-1987. In 1987, he was named to the All-College World Series Team as a designated hitter. He also played college football at Stanford from 1983-1984.
Head coaching record.
Below is a table of Machtolf's yearly records as an NCAA head baseball coach.

</doc>
<doc id="36722518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722518" title="Kyselka Spa">
Kyselka Spa

The Kyselka Spa (; ), older name Kysibl, is a complex of former public baths in the village of Kyselka in the vicinity of Karlovy Vary in the Czech Republic.
History.
The local springs had been discovered hundreds of years ago; the first written account dates back to 1522. In the 17th century the counts of Černín permitted their subjects to drink the Kyselka mineral water for free. The springs were first used for spa purposes in 1792 when the location was already widely known.
The first spa buildings were built in the years 1826-1832 by Wilhelm von Neuberg. The fame of the spa and the tasty water was growing; in 1852 Otto of Greece visited the place and the main spring was named after him. In the course of time the spring had several owners; one of them, count Johann Joseph von Stiebar auf Buttenheim, came up with the idea to export the mineral water (1824) and established a small factory for the production of clay jugs in which the water was bottled. The local water was then sold in Vienna, Prague and also in Carlsbad.
Mattoni’s Epoch.
In 1867 the main spring was rented by the Czech businessman of Italian-German origin Heinrich K. Mattoni who began to bottle the water in glass bottles and export it worldwide. In 1873 he had enough money to buy the spa and the surrounding land. Before he died in 1910, he managed to build a new colonnade which roofed the famous “Otta’s spring” as well as the buildings of the sanatorium, the hydropathic institute, hotels, restaurants, promenades, the cableway, the chapel of Saint Anna (1884), his monumental residence (“The Chateau”), a hydroelectric power station and the buildings of the bottling plant. Finally he brought railway here so that quietness of the spa was not disturbed by wagons carting mineral water. During his epoch the spa flourished and it has not reached such prosperity ever since. Mattoni’s descendants nevertheless kept this property until the end of World War II.
In the hands of the state.
After the war, the buildings shortly served as a refugee camp for orphans from the Greek Civil War and after that as a sanatorium for children. It was closed down after the fall of the Communist regime in 1989. During this period, the premises deteriorated to some degree but were at least somehow maintained.
The current situation.
Since the chaotic voucher privatization between 1991 and 1993, the spa has had several owners. None of them was able or willing to save the spa or at least partially prevent it from dilapidation. Today (2012) the buildings are partially inaccessible, the water springs in rubble heaps of the buildings and leaks into the foundations. Many of the buildings are doomed to demolition. The whole site is moreover burdened with freight (few hundred trucks a day), as the railway was closed down. 
The current proprietors are the company C.T.S. – DUO and the Carlsbad Mineral Waters owned by the Italian tycoon A. Pasquale who owns the bottling plant and the Mattoni brand as well. The owners have repeatedly promised to renovate the complex, but it becomes obvious that they are counting on the buildings being torn down. All this in spite of the opinion of the Preservation of Monuments bureau, of the attitude of the representatives of the Karlovy Vary region as well as a quite strong civil movement (over 22,000 signatures) led by the Association for the Protection and Development of the Cultural Heritage of the Czech Republic (ASORKD).

</doc>
<doc id="36722520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722520" title="Khurian, Shahrud">
Khurian, Shahrud

Khurian (, also Romanized as Khūrīān and Khowryān; also known as Kharīān) is a village in Dehmolla Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 93, in 37 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722534" title="Kharian, Iran">
Kharian, Iran

Kharian () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36722536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722536" title="National Club Football Association">
National Club Football Association

The National Club Football Association (NCFA) is an association of collegiate American football teams. It is a member of CollClubSports, and manages the NCFA National Championship. 
NCFA teams are typically operated by students rather than faculty, and do not formally form part of a school's intercollegiate athletic program.

</doc>
<doc id="36722542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722542" title="Estarband">
Estarband

Estarband (, also Romanized as Esterband; also known as Estarbad) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 334, in 93 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722551" title="Sebastián Simonet">
Sebastián Simonet

Sebastián Simonet (born 1986) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires, and plays for the French club US Ivry Handball. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36722558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722558" title="Firuzabad-e Bala">
Firuzabad-e Bala

Firuzabad-e Bala (, also Romanized as Fīrūzābād-e Bālā, and Fīrūzābād Bālā; also known as Fīrūzābād) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 103, in 31 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722566" title="Firuzabad-e Pain">
Firuzabad-e Pain

Firuzabad-e Pain (, also Romanized as Fīrūzābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 398, in 120 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722572" title="And Agnes Chose to Die">
And Agnes Chose to Die

"L'Agnese va a morire (internationally released as And Agnes Chose to Die") is a 1976 Italian drama film directed by Giuliano Montaldo. It is based on a novel of the same name by Renata Viganò which won the Viareggio Prize in 1949. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722577" title="Kalateh-ye Abdol, Semnan">
Kalateh-ye Abdol, Semnan

Kalateh-ye Abdol (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ‘Abdol) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 15 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722591" title="Kalateh-ye Mir Al">
Kalateh-ye Mir Al

Kalateh-ye Mir Al (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mīr Āʿl; also known as Kalāteh-ye Mīr ‘Alam) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 31 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722597" title="Thomas Nicholson (architect)">
Thomas Nicholson (architect)

Thomas Nicholson (1823—1895) was a British architect. He is known for designing the Church of St Michael and All Angels in Forden, Powys in Wales.
Career.
Nicholson became the Hereford Diocese Architect and was working in St Peter's Street, Hereford in 1865. He had an extensive practice in the Welsh Marches. He was involved to-gether with Stephen W Williams in laying out the new town at Llandrindod Wells. Nicholson laid out the 'Pump House' Estate portion of the development.

</doc>
<doc id="36722601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722601" title="Guido Riccobelli">
Guido Riccobelli

Guido Riccobelli (born 1987) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36722610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722610" title="Kalateh-ye Sadat-e Bala, Semnan">
Kalateh-ye Sadat-e Bala, Semnan

Kalateh-ye Sadat-e Bala (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sādāt-e Bālā; also known as Kalāteh-ye Sādāt-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 11 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722625" title="Kalateh-ye Sadat-e Pain">
Kalateh-ye Sadat-e Pain

Kalateh-ye Sadat-e Pain (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sādāt-e Pā’īn; also known as Kalāteh-ye Sādāt and Kalāteh-ye Sādāt-e Soflá) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 202, in 53 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722634" title="German submarine U-302">
German submarine U-302

German submarine "U-302" was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 2 April 1941 at the Flender Werke yard at Lübeck as 'werk' 302, launched on 25 April 1942 and commissioned on 16 June under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Herbert Sackel.
During her career, the U-boat sailed on eight combat patrols, sinking three ships, before she was sunk in April 1944 in mid-Atlantic by a British frigate.
She was a member of 10 wolfpacks.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla in May 1942. She was then transferred to the 11th flotilla for operations on 1 December. She was reassigned to the 13th flotilla on 1 June 1943 and moved again to the 9th flotilla on 1 November.
The boat made the short journey from Kiel in Germany to Bergen in Norway, arriving on 1 December 1942.
1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th patrols.
The submarine's first patrol began with her departure from Bergen on 2 January 1943.
Her fourth sortie finished in Narvik on 15 March 1943.
None of them was eventful.
The U-boat then made short voyages from Narvik to Trondheim to Hammerfest, (the latter lying in the far north of Norway).
5th and 6th patrols.
Her fifth patrol took her around Bear Island, west of Svalbard, then around Bear Island again.
Her sixth effort was successful in that she sank the Soviet "Dikson" near Mona Island on 22 August 1943.
7th patrol.
Leaving Trondheim on 6 December 1943, she passed through the gap between Iceland and the Faroe Islands. She arrived at La Pallice in occupied France, on 30 January 1944.
8th patrol and loss.
Her last patrol was her most successful, sinking the "Ruth I" and the "South America" on 6 April 1944.
She was also sunk on the 6th by depth charges from the British frigate northwest of the Azores.
Fifty-one men died; there were no survivors.

</doc>
<doc id="36722647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722647" title="Clinton Panther">
Clinton Panther

Clinton Panther (born 13 February 1991) is a South African field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the national team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36722648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722648" title="Mirhajj">
Mirhajj

Mirhajj (, also Romanized as Mīrḥājj) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 18 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722655" title="Masihabad, Semnan">
Masihabad, Semnan

Masihabad (, also Romanized as Masīḩābād) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 21 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722663" title="Mazraeh-ye Eskandarabad">
Mazraeh-ye Eskandarabad

Mazraeh-ye Eskandarabad (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Eskandarābād; also known as Eskandarābād) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 4 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722675" title="The Girls!">
The Girls!

The Girls! are an American power pop band from Columbus, Ohio. The band has been described as a "pop-punk party band". The lead singer, Jessica Wabbit, is the older sister of Bloodshot Records recording artist Lydia Loveless. The band name is either pronounced as "The Girls" or "The Girls Bang" due to the exclamation point.
Formation.
The Girls! were formed in 2011 by front-woman Jessica Wabbit, Joey Blackheart and Ryan Vile. After adding Big Nick on drums, the band decided on the name "The Girls!", adding the exclamation to help separate them from other bands with the same name. The band started playing shows and then added Bent to play bass guitar and Raeghan Buchanan to sing backup vocals.
Critical Reception.
The Girls! were well received by the local press, being one of the "top 10 bands to see" and "bands that blew me away" at ComFest, the nation's largest independent volunteer-run festival, and Central Ohio's largest music and arts festival.

</doc>
<doc id="36722678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722678" title="Mazraeh-ye Khorramabad, Semnan">
Mazraeh-ye Khorramabad, Semnan

Mazraeh-ye Khorramabad (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Khorramābād; also known as Khorramābād) is a village in Forumad Rural District in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722685" title="Diego Esteban Simonet">
Diego Esteban Simonet

Diego Esteban Simonet (born 1989) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires, and plays for the French club US Ivry Handball. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36722696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722696" title="Ethernet over copper">
Ethernet over copper

Ethernet over copper (also known as EoC) is a form of Ethernet in the first mile connection that uses twisted copper telephone wire. It uses the same RJ-45 jack connection that conventional Ethernet cables use. The physical layers used for Ethernet over copper are 2BASE-TL and 10PASS-TS.
Compatibility with data networks and routers.
While the connection on an Ethernet over copper cable is similar to that of a conventional Ethernet cable, the physical layers used for Ethernet over copper are different from the physical layers used for conventional Ethernet, so special adapters are required for Ethernet over copper; the Ethernet over copper connection cannot be plugged into a conventional Ethernet port on a switch, router, or computer.
EoC is usually delivered as an "internet facing" service. 
EoC can also be delivered other ways. It can interface with private networking (i.e., an existing WAN, MPLS, or VPN network). Can also support SIP, PRI, analog, and hosted PBX voice services as well.
Advantages and disadvantages.
Advantages.
As Ethernet over copper cabling is made up of twisted telephone wire, it is affordable. This consistency of Ethernet between the service provider core and the customer network reduces overhead, increasing performance & providing a more consistent connection to the user.
Disadvantages.
As with DSL, distance is a factor. The further you are from the central office, the less speed you can receive. Additionally, central offices with EoC equipment are limited.

</doc>
<doc id="36722704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722704" title="Andrés Mir">
Andrés Mir

Andrés Mir (born in Zaragoza 25 January 1987) is a Spanish field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Spanish national field hockey team in the men's tournament.Actually he's playing in the Club de Campo de Madrid and in the Delhi Waveriders for the Hockey India League tournament. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722707" title="Mazraeh-ye Nosrati, Semnan">
Mazraeh-ye Nosrati, Semnan

Mazraeh-ye Nosrati (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Noşratī; also known as Noşratīyeh) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722714" title="Xavier Trenchs">
Xavier Trenchs

Xavier Trenchs (born 11 July 1981) is a Spanish field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Spain national field hockey team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36722725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722725" title="Mazraeh-ye Nosrati">
Mazraeh-ye Nosrati

Mazraeh-ye Nosrati () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36722732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722732" title="Mazraeh-ye Sar Now">
Mazraeh-ye Sar Now

Mazraeh-ye Sar Now (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Sar Now; also known as Sar Now) is a village in Forumad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722736" title="Broadside (album)">
Broadside (album)

Broadside is the fourth full album by Bellowhead, released on 15 October 2012. 
The album was recorded over several weeks at Rockfield Studios in March 2012. Initially around 25 tracks were arranged for the album, of these 14 tracks were recorded (all of which became commercially available). Like their previous album, "Hedonism", it was produced by John Leckie. 
All of the tracks, bar one, on "Broadside" are traditional folk songs, many being written several hundred years ago; they have all been given a new arrangement by the band. The album title refers both to the nautical meaning of firepower and broadside ballads, an early form of printed song. 
The album entered the UK official album charts at number 16, unprecedented for an independently-released folk album. It also went to number 1 in the UK independent album charts.
Singles.
The track, "10,000 Miles Away", was released as the lead single in late September and was playlisted on BBC Radio 2 for several weeks in October. In January, the album's second single "Roll the Woodpile Down" (Radio Edit), was also playlisted on the 'A list' for BBC Radio 2, receiving significant airplay. This radio edit was mixed by Pete Craigie (Pet Shop Boys).
Track listing.
Bonus tracks
Both bonus tracks appear on the iTunes 'bonus track edition'. "Wind & Rain" also appears on the single "10,000 Miles Way".

</doc>
<doc id="36722748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722748" title="Estar Khu">
Estar Khu

Estar Khu (, also Romanized as Estar Khū; also known as Estakhr Khū) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 32 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722756" title="Bakran">
Bakran

Bakran (, also Romanized as Bakrān and Bokrān) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,350, in 360 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722764" title="Chah-e Farsh">
Chah-e Farsh

Chah-e Farsh (, also Romanized as Chāh-e Farsh and Chāh Farsh) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 208, in 44 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722765" title="Thanasis Tribonias">
Thanasis Tribonias

Athanasios "Thanasis" Tribonias (, 2 May 1984 – 24 July 2012) was a Greek footballer and Special Guard of the Hellenic Police. He played professionally for Haidari FC in the Beta Ethniki.
Playing career.
Tribonias was born in Agios Dimitrios, a village in the Argolis prefecture of Greece. He started his career at his local team "Pammetohikos" and when he was 16 years old he joined Nafplio-based "Diovouniotis".
In 2005 he moved to Haidari – there he managed to make a total of 81 appearances for the club, 52 of which in the Beta Ethniki, as well as 3 appearances in the Greek Cup. In September 2009, Tribonias was released from Haidari and joined Delta Ethniki side Nea Ionia for a year.
Personal life.
Tribonias was a member of Hellenic Police's Motorcycle Patrol Unit () in Athens. On 24 July 2012, he and childhood friend and colleague Nikos Piteros were fatally injured at a traffic accident on Mesogeion Avenue while on duty when they lost control of their motorcycle due to speeding.

</doc>
<doc id="36722774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722774" title="Chah-e Shirin, Semnan">
Chah-e Shirin, Semnan

Chah-e Shirin (, also Romanized as Chāh-e Shīrīn and Chāh Shīrīn) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 219, in 47 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722779" title="Dietrich A.W. Rulfs">
Dietrich A.W. Rulfs

Dietrich A.W. Rulfs was an architect in Nacogdoches, Texas. Born in Germany, he "is aptly called Nacogdoches' master architect for his work in the city between 1879 and 1926."
A number of his works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Works include (with attribution):

</doc>
<doc id="36722782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722782" title="Calgary Student Caucus">
Calgary Student Caucus

The Calgary Student Caucus (CSC) represents students from the 6 public post-secondary Students' Association and Students' Union in Calgary, Alberta.
The focus of Calgary Student Caucus is on municipal affairs that affect student life in Calgary. The CSC does not have any staff and is directed entirely by the student executives of University of Calgary Students' Union, University of Calgary Graduate Students' Association, Students' Association of Mount Royal University, Students' Association of Bow Valley College, Alberta College of Art and Design Students' Association and Southern Alberta Institute of Technology Students' Association.
Calgary Student Caucus is governed by its Board consisting of two primary delegates from each organization. Each member school is represented at the Board level with two voting delegates. The board is led by the Chair, Vice-Chair and Secretary of the organization.
History.
The Calgary Student Caucus was officially formed 2007 but has been informally meeting since 1993. CSC past initiatives include the "U-Pass", affordable housing and post-secondary suites.
One of Calgary Student Caucus' longest focus was the U-Pass system. It was planned to lobby to Calgary Transit for a "Universal Pass, Universal Price", which is a universal bus pass fee for all post-secondary institution students. However, CSC leadership changed and other priorities were established and Calgary Transit preferred to negotiate individually with institutions. The Institutions were aware of the inconsistencies and leveraged that knowledge as part of their negotiations for a more consistent rate across the city of existing users.
CSC hosted a tent city at University of Calgary to demonstrate against the high cost and lack of student housing, sending combined letters to council and the mayor.
Most recently, post secondary suites has been a continual priority for CSC.

</doc>
<doc id="36722783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722783" title="Chah-e Torkmani">
Chah-e Torkmani

Chah-e Torkmani (, also Romanized as Chāh-e Torḵmānī) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722788" title="Jahanabad, Meyami">
Jahanabad, Meyami

Jahanabad (, also Romanized as Jahānābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 26 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722805" title="Cormac Burke">
Cormac Burke

Cormac Burke (born 11 August 1993) is a Northern Irish association footballer. He made his debut for the club aged 19 years on 14 August 2012, coming on as a substitute in the first round of the League Cup against Bristol Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="36722806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722806" title="Gazeh, Semnan">
Gazeh, Semnan

Gazeh (; also known as Kalāteh-ye Gazī) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 72, in 17 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722818" title="Gazeh">
Gazeh

Gazeh or Gezeh or Gazzeh () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36722822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722822" title="Mill Test Report">
Mill Test Report

A Mill Test Report (MTR) and often also called a Certified Mill Test Report, Certified Material Test Report, Mill Test Certificate (MTC), Inspection Certificate, Certificate of Test and a host of other names is a quality assurance document used in the metals industry that certifies a material's chemical and physical properties and states a product made of metal (steel, aluminum, brass or other alloys) compliance with an international standards organization (such as ANSI, ASME, etc.) specific standards.
Mill here refers to an industry which manufactures & processes Raw Materials.
Steel.
An MTC provides traceability and assurance to the end user about the quality of the steel used and the process used to produce it.
Typically a European MTC will be produced to EN 10204. High quality steels for pressure vessel of structural purposes will be certificated to 3.1 or 3.2. 3.2 requires an independent test by a certification body such as Lloyds Register, but 3.1 requires a certified quality systems
The MTC will specify the type of certificate, the grade of steel and any addenda. It will also specify the results of chemical and physical examination to allow the purchaser or end user to compare the plate to the requirements of the relevant standards.

</doc>
<doc id="36722831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722831" title="Khaneh Goli">
Khaneh Goli

Khaneh Goli (, also Romanized as Khāneh Golī) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 36, in 10 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722834" title="Hunestan">
Hunestan

Hunestan (, also Romanized as Hūnestān; also known as Honestān, Hūnistān, Khonestān, and Khūnistān) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 958, in 269 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722840" title="Caltec Citrus Company">
Caltec Citrus Company

Caltec Citrus Company is a defunct business which in 1958 became involved in a legal battle with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). 
The FDA carried out surveillance of the Caltec warehouse. At this time it discovered substances not usually found in 100% pure orange juice being carried in a rear door by Caltec employees. Among these materials were sugar and Vitamin C. The loss to consumers in watering down procedures has been estimated at $1 million in lost value. 
Caltec was defended in court by attorney Percy Foreman. The corporation was fined $6,000, and a suspended sentence was given to the violating officials.

</doc>
<doc id="36722843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722843" title="Andrés Kogovsek">
Andrés Kogovsek

Andrés Kogovsek (born 1974) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires, and plays for the club Villa Ballester. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36722850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722850" title="Kowhan, Semnan">
Kowhan, Semnan

Kowhan (, also Romanized as Kowhān and Kohān) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,028, in 264 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722851" title="Michael Braithwaite">
Michael Braithwaite

Michael Braithwaite (born 2 March 1987 in Duncan, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian rower. He competed with Kevin Kowalyk in the double sculls at the 2012 Summer Olympics and they were eliminated in the semifinal.

</doc>
<doc id="36722871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722871" title="1991–92 Southampton F.C. season">
1991–92 Southampton F.C. season

During the 1991–92 English football season, Southampton F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary.
In the 1991–92 season, Ian Branfoot took over as Southampton boss but their fortunes fared no better and only managed to secure a 16th place finish despite reaching the Full Members Cup final at Wembley only to lose 3–2 against Nottingham Forest.
During the summer of 1992, Branfoot became "the most popular manager in English football", as he took telephone calls from clubs "trying to bargain with players they don't want plus cash". Although Branfoot accepted that a sale was inevitable, he claimed that "whatever happens, we are in the driving seat". Eventually, Shearer was sold to Blackburn Rovers for a fee of £3.6 million, with David Speedie reluctantly moving to The Dell as part of the deal. Despite Branfoot's claim to be "in the driving seat", Saints failed to include a "sell-on clause" in the contract.

</doc>
<doc id="36722877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722877" title="Mehdiabad, Meyami">
Mehdiabad, Meyami

Mehdiabad (, also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 233, in 54 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722885" title="Kevin Kowalyk">
Kevin Kowalyk

Kevin Kowalyk (born 27 September 1980 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) is a Canadian rower. He competed with Michael Braithwaite in the double sculls at the 2012 Summer Olympics and they were eliminated in the semifinal.

</doc>
<doc id="36722886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722886" title="Mehdiabad, Shahrud">
Mehdiabad, Shahrud

Mehdiabad (, also Romanized as Mehdīābād) is a village in Torud Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 142, in 34 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722901" title="Mohammadabad Pol-e Abrisham">
Mohammadabad Pol-e Abrisham

Mohammadabad Pol-e Abrisham (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād Pol-e Abrīsham; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 181, in 43 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722909" title="Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Abdollahi">
Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Abdollahi

Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Abdollahi (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Moḩammad ʿAbdollahī) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722919" title="Torsion sheaf">
Torsion sheaf

In mathematics, a torsion sheaf is a sheaf formula_1 on a site for which, for every quasi-compact "U", the space of sections formula_2 is a torsion group. Similarly, for a prime number "l", we say a sheaf formula_1 is "l"-torsion if every section over any quasi-compact is killed by a power of "l".
A torsion sheaf on an étale site is the union of its constructible subsheaves.

</doc>
<doc id="36722920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722920" title="Puyeh">
Puyeh

Puyeh (, also Romanized as Pūyeh) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 246, in 59 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722926" title="Reyabad">
Reyabad

Reyabad (, also Romanized as Reyābād and Riābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 408, in 139 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722934" title="Leeds Municipal election, 1952">
Leeds Municipal election, 1952

The Leeds municipal elections were held on Thursday 8 May 1952, with one third of the council to be elected.
Along with the rest of the country, Leeds seen a sharp swing from the Conservatives to Labour with a swing of over 15%, resulting in Labour receiving their highest post-war vote and making nine gains (alongside a gain in the interim) to whittle the Tory majority down to just two. Labour's nine gains were in the wards of Armley, Beeston, Blenheim, Bramley, Cross Gates, Stanningley, Westfield, Woodhouse, and Wortley. They also narrowly missed out on gaining Harehills. With the exception of a close-run victory in Beeston, the remarkably large swing made the Labour gains fairly comfortable. Turnout fell by two percent from the previous year, to 43.9%.
Election result.
The result had the following consequences for the total number of seats on the council after the elections:

</doc>
<doc id="36722936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722936" title="Mervyn Edward Archdale">
Mervyn Edward Archdale

Mervyn Edward Archdale (born Archdall) (27 January 1812 – 22 December 1895) was an Irish soldier, High Sheriff and MP.
He was born the eldest son of Edward Archdall of Riversdale, County Fermanagh, who had been Sheriff of Fermanagh in 1813. He was educated at private schools in England and Brasenose College, Oxford, where he matriculated in 1830 but did not graduate.
He joined the 6th (Inniskilling) Dragoons, becoming a cornet in 1832, a lieutenant in 1835 and a captain in 1841. He retired on half pay in 1847.
In 1834 was elected the member of Parliament for Fermanagh following the retirement of his uncle Mervyn Archdall. He was returned unopposed in the following nine elections, sitting until 1874. He was appointed Sheriff of Fermanagh for 1879.
In 1857 he inherited the family seat of Castle Archdale and Trillick in County Tyrone from his uncle William Archdall. He was a noted member of the Orange Order and became treasurer of the grand lodge of Ireland. He also kept racehorses.
He died in 1895 at Cannes in the south of France. He had married Emma Inez, the daughter of Jacob Goulding of Kew, Surrey, with whom he had two sons, Mervyn Henry and Hugh James and three daughters. His estates passed to his brother, William Humphrys Archdale, who also took over the representation of Fermanagh in Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="36722939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722939" title="Pablo Sebastián Portela">
Pablo Sebastián Portela

Pablo Sebastian Portela (born 1980) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires, and plays for the club River. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36722943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722943" title="Tom Quelch">
Tom Quelch

Tom Quelch was a communist activist in Great Britain in the 1920s.
Tom was the son of veteran Marxist Harry Quelch. Tom joined the British Socialist Party. His 1912 appeal for soldiers to refuse to act as strikebreakers caused a Conservative MP, Oliver Locker-Lampson, to complain about him in the House of Commons. He was involved in founding "The Call" in 1916, resisting attempts to turn the BSP into a Social Patriotic organisation at the outbreak of the First World War. He was delegated to attend the Second Congress of the Comintern and attended the Baku Congress of the Peoples of the East.
He was living in Wimbledon, London in 1940, when he wrote to the "Manchester Guardian" with reminiscences of his meetings with Vladimir Lenin.

</doc>
<doc id="36722946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722946" title="Tommy Layne">
Tommy Layne

Thomas Kevin Layne (born November 2, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Boston Red Sox organization. He has played in Major League Baseball for the San Diego Padres.
Amateur career.
Layne attended Fort Zumwalt South High School in St. Peters, Missouri, where he played baseball and soccer. He then enrolled at Southwestern Illinois College where he played baseball for two years. He then played at Central Missouri University for one year before transferring to Mount Olive College in Mount Olive, North Carolina, where he played college baseball for the Mount Olive Trojans. In 2007, Layne was named an All-American and Carolinas-Virginia Athletic Conference Baseball Pitcher of the Year. 
Professional career.
Arizona Diamondbacks.
The Arizona Diamondbacks drafted Layne in the 26th round of the 2007 MLB Draft. Layne prgoressed steadily up the minor league ladder over five seasons in the Diamondbacks' system and was promoted to the Triple-A Reno Aces in early 2011. Over three seasons, Layne had posted a 3.82 earned run average (ERA) working exclusively as a starter in Double-A for the Diamondbacks. But he struggled in his time at Triple-A, accumulating a 6.21 ERA in 15 games started and 17 relief appearances in 2011.
San Diego Padres.
The San Diego Padres acquired Layne from the Diamondbacks on May 3, 2012, for cash considerations. Layne made 5 starts and notched a 7.77 ERA for the Triple-A Tucson Padres before he was demoted to the Double-A San Antonio Missions and began working out of the bullpen. Layne was noted as having a "rubber arm" and he enjoyed having the chance to pitch every day, so he welcomed the transition to a reliever role. Layne had more success at Double-A, posting a 3.28 ERA and 36 strikeouts in 35 innings.
The Padres promoted Layne to the major leagues on August 14. Layne made his Major League debut the same night against the Atlanta Braves, striking out the side in his one inning. Layne remained with the Padres for the rest of 2012, working out of the bullpen. He didn't allow a run in his first 11 appearances. Layne earned his first win as a Major Leaguer on September 4 when he struck out Adrian Gonzalez, Matt Kemp, and Hanley Ramirez in order in the 10th inning. Layne finished the season with a 3.24 ERA and 25 strike-outs versus 3 walks in 16 innings over 26 appearances. Layne was designated for assignment on October 25, 2013. 
Boston Red Sox.
Layne signed a minor league deal with the Boston Red Sox on November 10, 2013. He was called up for the night game of a day-night doubleheader against the Baltimore Orioles on July 5, 2014.After the game, he was optioned to the Triple A Pawtucket Red Sox.
Personal.
Layne is the youngest of four brothers. He still resides in his home in the St. Louis area. 

</doc>
<doc id="36722948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722948" title="Fundable">
Fundable

Fundable is a crowdfunding platform that offers both rewards-based and equity-based campaigns for small businesses. Fundable has funded businesses from various industries including health & beauty, fitness, technology, and food & beverage. Fundable has no relation to the crowdfunding site using the same name and web address from 2005 to 2009. 
History.
Fundable was launched on May 22, 2012, by Wil Schroter and Eric Corl. Fundable originally began as a rewards-based platform. Under this model, backers are able to pledge money to startups in exchange for rewards or pre-orders of the goods that businesses will produce after their campaign.
Shortly after launching Fundable, Schroter and Corl began working towards building an equity-based platform, launched in August 2012. Fundable was one of the first equity-based crowdfunding portals in the United States after the JOBS (Jumpstart Our Business Startups) Act was signed into law by President Barack Obama in early 2012. Currently, accredited investors (those investors with a net worth of at least $1 million) are able to invest in startups on the equity portion of the platform.
Investors and advisors.
Fundable has the support and financial backing of Virtucon Ventures, a Columbus-based investment company. Virtucon Ventures is currently the sole investor in Fundable.
Fundable also has a small group of business advisors, including Mark Nager, CEO of Startup Weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="36722950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722950" title="Pan Am and Parapan Am Athletics Stadium">
Pan Am and Parapan Am Athletics Stadium

Pan Am and Parapan Am Athletics Stadium is a working title of a stadium to be constructed on the campus of Toronto's York University for the 2015 Pan-American Games. The stadium will host athletic (track and field) events for the games.
Initial plans had a multi-purpose athletics and soccer stadium to be built somewhere in the vicinity of Hamilton, Ontario; however, the current plans have separate soccer and athletics venues. The soccer stadium, Tim Hortons Field, will be built on the site of Ivor Wynne Stadium (which will be demolished in the process) while the athletics stadium will be built at York University.The Hamilton stadium will not use the corporate name of that facility.
The stadium is expected to seat approximately 5,000 spectators (3,000 permanent and 2,000 temporary. During the games an additional 7,500 temporary seats will be added, bringing total capacity to 12,500). The facility will cost roughly $45.5 million ($34.9 million to design and build it and the rest for running costs).
During the Games the facility will be known as the CIBC Pan Am and Parapan Am Athletics Stadium

</doc>
<doc id="36722957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722957" title="SeaWorld Adventure Parks Tycoon 2">
SeaWorld Adventure Parks Tycoon 2

SeaWorld Adventure Parks Tycoon 2 is a business simulation PC game that was released on January 25, 2005. It had a predecessor, "SeaWorld Adventure Parks Tycoon", released in on October 22, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="36722965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722965" title="Jovan Karlo Villalba">
Jovan Karlo Villalba

Jovan Karlo Villalba (born 1977 in Quito, Ecuador) is an American contemporary artist. 
Jovan Karlo Villalba grew up in Miami, Florida. He graduated from New World School of the Arts in 1995 and from the Cooper Union School of Art in 1999.
Villalba became known for his exact painting technique that, combined with a darker subject matter, are on the one hand aesthetically enticing and on the other disconcerting. His diverse color palette references the natural world, however his subject matter remains illusive, functioning as suggestions of actual form. The result is “landscape” environments that layer perspective and form into a collage of melded realities that feel familiar yet resist recognition-creating imagery that is both elusive and ambiguous. 
Villalba’s work has been included in dozens of exhibitions across the United States including solo exhibitions at Galleries in Los Angeles, Miami and New York City. His work has been featured in biennial exhibitions at the Art and Culture Center of Hollywood, Exit Art in New York City and the Queens Museum of Art.

</doc>
<doc id="36722970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722970" title="Please Kill Mr. Know It All">
Please Kill Mr. Know It All

Please Kill Mr. Know It All is a 2013 romantic comedy film directed by Colin Carter and Sandra Feldman. The film stars Lara Jean Chorostecki, Jefferson Brown, Kristina Pesic, and Cliff Sanders.
Plot.
Cynical Sally lives a life free of excitement and romance and that's just the way she likes it. Although she'd like to be a novelist, she makes ends meet by ghost writing a local advice column under the pseudonym "Mr. Know It All". After a celebrity endorsement turns her column into an overnight success, the newspaper requests a photo of the author from Sally's agent and best friend, Patti. Unfortunately, Patti has been lying to the newspaper, claiming that a man has been writing the column all along. Sally submits a sketch of Albert, a handsome stranger she spotted in a movie theater. The handsome stranger happens to be a contract killer!
Once the picture is published, Albert can no longer walk down the street without being recognized, and so, for the sake of his livelihood, he decides that he must kill Mr. Know It All. While Albert is determined to find Mr. Know It All, Sally conducts a hidden camera interview with Albert to satisfy the press's need to know more about the popular columnist. When Albert and Sally spend more time together, ulterior motives quickly turn into mutual attraction. Sally decides to confess that she is Mr. Know It All. At this point, Albert doesn't know whether to kiss her or kill her and his seeming indifference causes her to push him away.
Meanwhile, the girlfriend of Albert's Mob Boss decides to pack up and leave after being inspired by the advice given in one issue of Mr. Know It All's column. The Mob Boss is heart broken and contracts a hit-man to kill Mr. Know It All, of course choosing Albert. Albert is torn between love and responsibility. Will Albert do the hit? Or will they find happiness in the end? Can they outwit the mob? Will the one-legged man find revenge? These are the questions that Albert must answer.

</doc>
<doc id="36722974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722974" title="Mafalda (disambiguation)">
Mafalda (disambiguation)

Mafalda is an Argentine comic strip that ran from 1964 to 1973
Mafalda may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36722995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36722995" title="Federico Matías Vieyra">
Federico Matías Vieyra

Federico Matias Vieyra (born 1988) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires, and plays for the Spanish club BM Huesca. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36723005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723005" title="XIII Army Corps (Germany)">
XIII Army Corps (Germany)

German XIII. Corps (XIII. Armeekorps) was a corps in the German Army during World War II. It was destroyed during the Lvov–Sandomierz Offensive and reformed in late 1944.
Commanders.
After reformation

</doc>
<doc id="36723024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723024" title="Laredo Juarez-Lincoln Port of Entry">
Laredo Juarez-Lincoln Port of Entry

The Laredo Juarez-Lincoln Port of Entry is located at the Juarez-Lincoln International Bridge (sometimes referred to as "Bridge II"). It was built in 1976 primarily to divert truck traffic from the congested Gateway to the Americas International Bridge. However, it too was soon overwhelmed with traffic. Currently, all trucks are inspected at Bridges III and IV, leaving only passenger vehicles, buses and pedestrians crossing at this location.

</doc>
<doc id="36723026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723026" title="VSI Tampa Bay FC">
VSI Tampa Bay FC

VSI Tampa Bay FC was an American soccer team based in Plant City, Florida. They played in USL Pro, the third tier of the American soccer pyramid, in the 2013 season. VSI Tampa Bay FC were owned by VisionPro Sports Institute and were affiliated with a women's team in the W-League, an amateur team in the USL Premier Development League (PDL), and a youth team in the Super-20 League. All the teams folded in 2013
History.
In 2011, English soccer development academy VisionPro Sports Institute announced a venture to establish a soccer organization in the United Soccer Leagues in the United States. VSI partnered with the local Brandon, Florida area youth soccer organization, West Florida Flames, to build VSI Tampa Flames, "the perfect platform for vertical progression, giving talented youngsters the opportunity to progress from junior soccer all the way through to the professional game," according to VSI's CEO, Simon Crane. The USL Pro team was to serve as the pinnacle of the youth pyramid for men; the club also included a women's team in the W-League, an amateur team in the USL Premier Development League (PDL), and a youth team in the Super-20 League. The W-League, PDL, and Super-20 League teams started play in 2012, while the USL Pro team was to join in 2013. On November 22, 2012, the team changed its name to "VSI Tampa Bay FC" and named Matt Weston as the Head Coach.
Their first game was played on March 30, 2012, losing to Phoenix FC 1-0. They defeated the Los Angeles Blues 1-0 for their first win on April 2, 2013. Antonio Neto scored the first goal in team history.
VSI Tampa Bay chose Plant City Stadium as their home venue on April 4, 2013, moving all the teams there.. Matt Weston resigned as Head Coach on May 8, 2013, and Joel Harrison was named as Interim Head Coach.
While the W-League and PDL teams had been successful in 2012, the USL Pro team struggled throughout its only season. The remote stadium in Plant City made it difficult to attract fans, and the team suffered from competition from the more successful Tampa Bay Rowdies of the North American Soccer League. The organization folded all of its teams after the 2013 season.

</doc>
<doc id="36723031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723031" title="Henry A. Clark (New York)">
Henry A. Clark (New York)

Henry A. Clark (August 3, 1818 Sidney, Delaware County, New York – December 11, 1906) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He graduated from Hamilton College in 1838. Then he studied law in Buffalo, was admitted to the bar in 1841, and practiced in Bainbridge, Chenango County.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (23rd D.) in 1862 and 1863.
On February 15, 1865, he married Ellen A. Curtiss, and they had three children.
He was buried at Saint Peter's Cemetery in Bainbridge.

</doc>
<doc id="36723035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723035" title="Madrasah as-Sawlatiya">
Madrasah as-Sawlatiya

Madrasah as-Sawlatiyah (, "Madrasah aṣ-Ṣawlatīyah") is an Islamic school in Mecca, Saudi Arabia. It was founded in 1874 by Rahmatullah Kairanavi.

</doc>
<doc id="36723038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723038" title="Kevin Geyson">
Kevin Geyson

Kevin Geyson (born 12 April 1984) is a Canadian diver who specializes in the 10 m platform individual and synchronized event.
He participated at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, winning a bronze medal with partner Eric Sehn in the 10 m synchro while classifying fourth in the individual competition. At the 2011 Pan American Games he again won the bronze medal in the 10 m synchro with the same teammate while classifying 10th in the individual event. 
During the 2011 World Aquatics Championships he suffered from a road accident when he was hit by a car after alighting from a bus; the incident occurred a week after Geyson ranked 8th in the 10 m synchro.

</doc>
<doc id="36723047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723047" title="José Venegas &quot;El Bronco&quot;">
José Venegas &quot;El Bronco&quot;

José Venegas, known as "El Bronco", was a Mexican singer and film actor best known as Epigmenio Zúñiga in the film "La Valentina". Originally from San Buenaventura, Chihuahua, Venegas was born José Montaño. After having migrated to Mexico City, in order to pursue his talent, Venegas appeared in five films in which he also sang until an alleged confrontation with Pedro Infante stooped his career.

</doc>
<doc id="36723057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723057" title="Ebrahimabad-e Olya">
Ebrahimabad-e Olya

Ebrahimabad-e Olya (, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,022, in 263 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723061" title="Marylise Lévesque">
Marylise Lévesque

Marylise Lévesque (born March 3, 1983 in Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian judoka. She competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 78kg category and lost to Pürevjargalyn Lkhamdegd in the repechage. Lévesque won the bronze at the 2007 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36723066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723066" title="Garhi Dupatta">
Garhi Dupatta

Garhi Dupatta (also spelled Garhi Dopatta) () is a small town in Hattian Bala District, Kashmir, Pakistan.
It is located away from Muzaffarabad city on Muzaffarabad-Chakothi road along with Jhelum River.

</doc>
<doc id="36723067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723067" title="Ebrahimabad-e Sofla">
Ebrahimabad-e Sofla

Ebrahimabad-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmābād-e Soflá) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 400, in 121 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723078" title="The Siege of Shkodra (book)">
The Siege of Shkodra (book)

The Siege of Shkodra is a book written by a Shkodran priest, Marin Barleti (also known as Marinus Barletius), about the Ottoman siege of Shkodra in 1478, led personally by Mehmed II, and about the joint resistance of the Albanians and the Venetians. The book also discusses the Ottoman siege of Shkodra in 1474. The book was originally published in 1504, in Latin, as "De obsidione Scodrensi". Barleti was an eyewitness of the events.
Outline.
Prefatory note.
The work begins with a prefatory note to the doge of Venice, Leonardo Loredan, with Barleti describing his reasons for writing. Then the work is organized into three large chapters called “books.”
Book One.
The ﬁrst and briefest book gives attention to historical background information about the Turks, the Ottoman sultans, and the city of Shkodra.
Book Two.
The second and largest book describes Mehmedʼs failed efforts to conquer Shkodra in 1474 and continues with a detailed account of his second effort in 1478 (which was ultimately successful despite significant Ottoman losses). In this second book, Barleti describes details of the pre-siege incursions of the akinci, the build-up of Ottoman troops, information about how janissaries were trained, the arrival of camels and chariots with equipment, the production and positioning of artillery around Shkodra’s Rozafa Fortress, the arrival of Sultan Mehmed II in Shkodra, the assault of the cannons (including daily tallies of shots fired), the life and faith of the Shkodran besieged, and five general Ottoman attacks intended to penetrate the breaches in the walls—all of which conclude in failure to conquer the citadel.
Book Three.
The third book describes the sultanʼs decision to halt further attacks upon Shkodra but to attack three smaller citadels aiding Shkodra: Žabljak Crnojevića, Drisht, and Lezha. After describing the successful Ottoman conquest of these cities, the third book records the sultan retreating after ordering a siege force in place in an attempt to starve the Shkodran citizens into surrender. The work concludes with the Shkodran besieged learning of a peace treaty between Venice and Mehmed II, in which Shkodra is ceded to the Ottoman Empire. The citizens are reported to be faced with a choice to either emigrate to Venice or to stay in their city under Ottoman rule. Barleti records all the Shkodrans choosing emigration over subjugation.
Versions.
"The Siege of Shkodra" was first published in Latin (in 1504 and later in 1576) and was translated and published in Italian (1565 with subsequent reprintings), in Polish (at Brest-Litovsk, 1569), and French (at Paris, 1576). In 1962 it was published in Albanian and reprinted in 1967, 1980, 1988, and 2012. In 2012 it was also published for the first time in English.
The Latin Version.
The first Latin version emerged in 1504, published by the Venetian Bernardino de Vitalibus. It was republished in 1566 in Basel, Switzerland and in 1578 and 1596 in Frankfurt, Germany.
The Albanian Version.
The Albanian version’s date of publishing coincided with the 50th anniversary of Albania’s declaration of independence from the Ottoman Empire. The work was translated by the Albanian Latin scholar, Henrik Lacaj and included a 20-paged introduction by historian Albanian Aleks Buda, the head of the Albanian Academy of Sciences. The Albanian version also included Buda’s scholarly notes (endnotes), George Merula’s essay “The War of Shkodra” (about the siege of 1474), and Marin Beçikemi’s panegyric delivered to the Venetian Senate.
The English Version.
The English version was published in Albania by Onufri Publishing House in 2012, coinciding with the 100th anniversary of Albania’s declaration of independence. The work was translated and edited by David Hosaflook and includes translations of Buda’s introduction and notes, Merula’s “The War of Shkodra,” and Beçikemi’s panegyric. It also includes accounts of the siege of Shkodra from early Ottoman historians, new scholarly notes, the historical context by Prof. David Abulafia, new maps based on the information in the book, and appendixes including Barleti's chronology of battle events.
Significance.
Albanian historians such as Aleks Buda consider the work "the first Albanian historiographical work" by "the first author in [Albania's] literature." Lucia Nadin asserts claims that the work was well known throughout the centuries in all of Europe. Subsequent historians to the present day who treat the events of the siege of Shkodra frequently reference this work.
Criticism and Defense.
"The Siege of Shkodra" has been criticized by foreign historians who claim that Barleti exaggerated his reports of the numbers of Ottoman soldiers and camels employed and that he invented speeches by the sultan and the sultan’s commanders. Franz Babinger asserts that “this account has long been regarded as untrustworthy because of its bias and the high-flown speeches which, in the classical manner, it puts into the mouths of protagonists who could never have spoken in such a way. It deals at great length with the nature and employment of Ottoman siege machines, providing information that can be appraised only by experts in the history of weapons”. Aleks Buda’s introduction to the 1962 Albanian version acknowledges as valid some of the criticisms made by foreign scholars; on the other hand, he explains that flowery language was the style of classical literature in Barleti's day, argues that not all criticism is valid, and argues why Barleti must be consulted as a reputable source (with certain caveats), noting the contemporaneous Ottoman and Venetian historians whose accounts are strikingly supportive of Barleti’s.

</doc>
<doc id="36723080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723080" title="Armian">
Armian

Armian (, also Romanized as Armīān, Armeyān, and Armīyān) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 599, in 158 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723092" title="Albert Bakaev">
Albert Bakaev

Albert Bakaev is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category S3 events.
Albert has competed at the Paralympics on five occasions, firstly in 1992 competing for the unified team then in 1996, 2000, 2004 and 2008 competing for the Russian team. In 1992 he won a bronze in the 50m backstroke behind two Frenchmen, he also finished sixth in the 100m freestyle, eighth in the 50m freestyle final and last in his heat of the 50m breaststroke. At the 1996 games he swam a world record in the heats of the 50m backstroke and despite swimming marginally slower in the final won the gold medal he also won a silver in the 50m freestyle behind Peruvian Jaime Eulert who set a world record he also finished fifth in the 100m freestyle. In 2000 he won a silver in the 100m freestyle, bronze in the 50m freestyle and bronze in the 50m backstroke. Athens in 2004 would prove less profitable in terms of medals but he did win a silver in the 50m backstroke, finished fourth in the 50m freestyle and sixth in the 100m freestyle. At his fifth games in Beijing Albert finished eighth in the 100m freestyle, sixth in the 50m backstroke, eighth in the 50m freestyle and was part of the Russian relay team that was disqualified in the heats of the 4x50m medley.

</doc>
<doc id="36723095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723095" title="Chah-e Deh-e Inach">
Chah-e Deh-e Inach

Chah-e Deh-e Inach (, also Romanized as Chāh-e Deh-e Īnach) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 13 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723096" title="Mariano Cánepa">
Mariano Cánepa

Mariano Andres Canepa (born 1987) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires, and plays for the club Villa Ballester. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2011 World Men's Handball Championship, and was part of the Argentine team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36723109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723109" title="Chah-e Qarah Soqor">
Chah-e Qarah Soqor

Chah-e Qarah Soqor (, also Romanized as Chāh-e Qarah Soqor) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723114" title="Ryan Beaver">
Ryan Beaver

Ryan Beaver is an American country music singer-songwriter from Emory, Texas. Born on March 17, 1984 and growing up in East Texas, Beaver moved South and began his musical career while he was attending Texas State University in San Marcos, Texas. 
He currently lives in Nashville, Tennessee.
Discography.
Beaver's first album, "Under the Neons", was released on February 27, 2008 with producing credits to David Grissom (who has worked with John Mellencamp, Dixie Chicks, and Ringo Starr). The album spawned 3 singles for Texas radio: "I Shoulda Kissed You", "Under the Neons", and "Streets of Austin". 
Beaver's second album, "Constant", was released February 8, 2011. David Grissom produced the album, with co-write credits for himself, Wade Bowen, Brian Keane, Ben Danaher, and Paul Eason. "For A While", "Hate", and "Nobody Wants to be Alone" were the singles sent to radio respectively. "Hate" became Beaver's highest charting single to date (#2 for 3 weeks) on the Texas Music Chart and earned a "Favorite Song of 2011" nod from galleywinter.com. 
Country Weekly described his lyrics as "thoughtful, introspective, and extremely well crafted" in their December 10, 2012 issue.
Beaver's first music video for "How About You" was featured on CMT Pure, CMT.com, Yallwire.com, NoDepression.com among others.
Songwriting.
A BMI writer, Beaver wrote/co-wrote every song on his released albums. Beaver co-wrote "Along the Way" and "More Than Willing" with Rob Baird ("I Swear It's The Truth" released on Carnival Records). He also co-wrote "Day by Day", "Make Or Break Me" and "Leavin' Stephenville" with Kyle Park, the latter two appearing on Park's "Make Or Break Me" album released in 2011. As of 2012, Beaver is signed to the worldwide publishing company HoriPro Entertainment Group.

</doc>
<doc id="36723115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723115" title="Cheshmeh Sefid, Meyami">
Cheshmeh Sefid, Meyami

Cheshmeh Sefid (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 33 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723124" title="Ampe">
Ampe

Ampe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36723135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723135" title="Cheshmeh Sefid, Shahrud">
Cheshmeh Sefid, Shahrud

Cheshmeh Sefid (, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sefīd) is a village in Torud Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723140" title="Mazraeh-ye Cheshmeh Sefid">
Mazraeh-ye Cheshmeh Sefid

Mazraeh-ye Cheshmeh Sefid (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Cheshmeh Sefīd) is a village in Torud Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723150" title="Judaneh">
Judaneh

Judaneh (, also Romanized as Jūdāneh) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,185, in 333 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723156" title="Leonardo Facundo Querín">
Leonardo Facundo Querín

Leonardo Facundo Querin (born 1982) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36723157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723157" title="Kal-e Sefidar">
Kal-e Sefidar

Kal-e Sefidar (, also Romanized as Kāl-e Sefīdār) is a village in Meyami Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723161" title="Nantucket Lightship Basket Museum">
Nantucket Lightship Basket Museum

The Nantucket Lightship Basket Museum is a small seasonal museum and gift shop located in Nantucket, Massachusetts, dedicated to the history and preservation of Nantucket Lightship Baskets. 
History.
The museum is located at 49 Union Street in Nantucket, Massachusetts. It was founded shortly after the Nantucket Historical Association by David H. Wood. It is concerned with preserving and exploring artifacts from the whaling era and before, even as far back as the Native American settlements on Nantucket before the 15th century. 
Exhibits.
The museum contains many exhibits on lightship basket construction, history, and preservation. The facility also includes a museum gift shop.

</doc>
<doc id="36723163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723163" title="Mohammadabad, Shahrud">
Mohammadabad, Shahrud

Mohammadabad (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād and Muhammadābād) is a village in Meyami Rural District, Meyami District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 976, in 274 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723166" title="Pseudomyrmex triplarinus">
Pseudomyrmex triplarinus

Pseudomyrmex triplarinus is a venomous species of ant that lives in symbiosis with trees of the genus "Triplaris", including the South American species "T. americana", "T. cumingiama", and "T. felipensis". The ant protects the trees against predation by other insects and animals. The ant's venom has anti-inflammatory properties.

</doc>
<doc id="36723169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723169" title="Sam Foley">
Sam Foley

Samuel Robert Foley (born 17 October 1986) is a professional footballer who plays for Football League Championship side Yeovil Town as a midfielder.
Career.
Sam joined Cheltenham Town youth team as a trainee and during the same season was selected to represent the Repbulic of Ireland at Under 18 level. Sam was rewarded with a two-year professional contract in 2006 but never made a first team appearance partly due to an injury and a change of manager. 
In 2008, Sam moved to Kidderminster Harriers, but was sent out on loan to Redditch United and then Newport County. 
In June 2009, Foley was signed by manager Dean Holdsworth for Newport County then in the Conference South, initially on a loan basis before signing a permanent contract. Foley was immediately a regular in the team, filling all midfield and forward roles at various times but mostly as a supporting striker alongside Craig Reid. In the 2009–10 season Newport County were crowned Conference South champions with a record 103 points, 28 points ahead of second placed Dover Athletic. Sam scored both goals in the 2–0 win over Havant & Waterlooville that secured promotion for Newport County to the Conference Premier. On 12 May 2012, Foley played for Newport in the FA Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium which Newport lost 2–0 to York City. At the end of the 2011–12 season Foley's contract at Newport expired and he was offered a new contract but chose to move on.
On 29 May 2012, it was announced Foley would sign for Football League One side Yeovil Town on a one-year contract on the expiry of his current deal on 1 July 2012. On 14 August 2012, Foley made his Yeovil debut in the Football League Cup against Colchester United in a 3–0 victory, and scored his first competitive goal for the side on 4 September 2012 in a Football League Trophy match away at Bristol Rovers. On 19 May 2013, Foley played in the 2013 League One play-off Final as Yeovil beat Brentford 2–1 to secure promotion to the Football League Championship.
On 7 March 2014, Foley joined League One side Shrewsbury Town on on an initial month's loan. After making 9 appearances for Shrewsbury Town on loan, Foley was recalled by Yeovil Town on 16 April 2014.
Honours.
Newport County
Yeovil Town

</doc>
<doc id="36723172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723172" title="Mazraeh-ye Hajj Aziz Naimi">
Mazraeh-ye Hajj Aziz Naimi

Mazraeh-ye Hajj Aziz Naimi (, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye Ḩājj ʿAzīz Naʿīmī) is a village in Meyami Rural District, Meyami District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 6 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723180" title="Qods, Semnan">
Qods, Semnan

Qods () is a village in Meyami Rural District, Meyami District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 375, in 103 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723185" title="Denny Gigliotti">
Denny Gigliotti

Denny Gigliotti (born 20 July 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as a Defender.
Club career.
Catanzaro.
He made his full debut for Catanzaro against Sorrentoon 8 August 2010 in a 6-0 loss. He came on as a sub against Isola Liri in the 71st minute and scored the 4th goal in the 87th minute in a 5-0 home win.

</doc>
<doc id="36723191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723191" title="Sazaman-e Reza Ajdadi">
Sazaman-e Reza Ajdadi

Sazaman-e Reza Ajdadi (, also Romanized as Sāzamān-e Rez̤ā Ājdādī) is a village in Meyami Rural District, Meyami District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 5 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723192" title="Vitali Krylov">
Vitali Krylov

Vitali Krylov is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category B2 events.
Vitali competed at two paralympics for two different NPC's, firstly in 1992 competing for the unified team and then as a member of the Russian team he competed in the 1996 Summer Paralympics. In 1992 he won gold in both the 100m and 200m breaststroke setting new world records in both distances. He also finished seventh in the 50m freestyle, fourth in the 100m butterfly and seventh in the 200m medley. At the 1996 games he finished third in both the 100m and 200m breastroke behind Australian Kingsley Bugarin who set world records in both events and in the 200m behind Denmarks Christian Bundgaard who set a B1 class world record. He also swam in the 50m freestyle finishing tenth and slowest in the heats therefore missing the final.

</doc>
<doc id="36723198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723198" title="Sazaman-e Saidi va Sherka">
Sazaman-e Saidi va Sherka

Sazaman-e Saidi va Sherka (, also Romanized as Sāzamān-e Saʿīdī va Sherḵā) is a village in Meyami Rural District, Meyami District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 14 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723201" title="Lavistown Loop Line">
Lavistown Loop Line

The Lavistown Loop Line provides an important function in transporting freight and timber liner trains. Before the loop was constructed, freight and timber liner trains would have to turn around at Kilkenny railway station to continue on to their destination in Sallypark, near Waterford railway station. Non-passenger trains such as the "DFDS Freight Train" from Ballina–Waterford avoid Kilkenny by using the "Lavistown Loop Line" which joins both lines going to Kilkenny. The loop has allowed Irish Rail to run a daily morning limited stop service between Waterford and Heuston departing Waterford at 07.10 and arriving Heuston at 09.00.

</doc>
<doc id="36723205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723205" title="Raúl Meraz">
Raúl Meraz

Raúl Meraz Estrada (March 13, 1927 – April 20, 1996) was a Mexican actor of film and television.

</doc>
<doc id="36723207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723207" title="Gonzalo Carou">
Gonzalo Carou

Gonzalo Matias Carou (born 1979) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires, and plays for the Spanish club CB Ademar León. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36723211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723211" title="Golestan, Semnan">
Golestan, Semnan

Golestan (, also Romanized as Golestān) is a village in Nardin Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 419, in 116 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723217" title="Sergey Bestuchev">
Sergey Bestuchev

Sergey Bestuchev is a paralympic swimmer from Russia competing mainly in category SB9 events.
At the 1996 Summer Paralympics Sergey finished third in the 100m breaststroke behind Dutch pair Alwin de Groot and world record setter Jurjen Engelsman, he also swam in the 100m freestyle and 200m medley but failed to make the final in either event.

</doc>
<doc id="36723221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723221" title="Haq ol Khvajeh">
Haq ol Khvajeh

Haq ol Khvajeh (, also Romanized as Ḩaq ol Khvājeh, Haq-ol-Khayajeh, Ḩaqq el Khvājeh, and Ḩaqq ol Khvājeh; also known as Āghel Khvājeh, Akīl Khvājeh, ‘Aqel Khvājeh, and ‘Aqīl Khvājeh) is a village in Nardin Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 481, in 128 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723222" title="Amer Al Kaabi">
Amer Al Kaabi

Amer Al Kaabi is a qatar football Goalkeeper who played for Qatar in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Ahli, Al Ittihad and Al Gharrafa

</doc>
<doc id="36723232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723232" title="Eugene Gano Hay">
Eugene Gano Hay

Eugene Gano Hay (March 26, 1853 - February 21, 1933) was a Member of the Board of General Appraisers.
Biography.
Hay was born on March 26, 1853, in Charlestown, Indiana. He read law and worked in private practice in Madison, Indiana from 1877 to 1880. He was a prosecuting attorney for Jefferson County and Switzerland County, Indiana from 1881 to 1885. 
Hay worked in private practice in Minneapolis, Minnesota from 1886 to 1889. He was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives in 1889, and was United States Attorney for the District of Minnesota from 1890 to 1894. In 1894 he resumed his private practice in Minneapolis, which he continued until 1903.
Federal Judicial Service.
On September 21, 1903, President Roosevelt appointed Hay to the Board of General Appraisers via a recess appointment. On November 10, 1903, President Roosevelt nominated him to the seat vacated by George C. Tichenor. Hay was confirmed by the Senate on November 24, 1903, and received his commission the following day. He served on the court until his retirement on November 30, 1923, and was succeeded by Judge George M. Young.
Death.
Hay died on February 21, 1933, in Summit, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="36723234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723234" title="The Inner Shrine">
The Inner Shrine

The Inner Shrine is a 1917 silent produced by Jesse Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the first of only two films that starred Margaret Illington, a noted Broadway actress. The story is from a 1909 novel, "The Inner Shrine", by Basil King, an author popular with actresses. The film is now lost. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723239" title="List of Central American and Caribbean Games records in athletics">
List of Central American and Caribbean Games records in athletics

The Central American and Caribbean Games is a quadrennial event which began in
1926. The
Games records in athletics are set
by athletes who are representing one of the ODECABE's member federations. 
Both the initial records and the records broken in 2010 can be found on the official Games webpage.
Records for defunct events were assembled from the gbrathletics website. Wind info, relay teams and results for combined events for early competitions can be found on the CACAC webpage.
Records in defunct events.
Women's events.
ht = hand timing
<br>
A = affected by altitude
See also.
List of Central American and Caribbean records in athletics

</doc>
<doc id="36723243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723243" title="Nico van Kampen">
Nico van Kampen

Nicolaas 'Nico' Godfried van Kampen (June 22, 1921 – October 6, 2013) was a Dutch theoretical physicist, who worked mainly on statistical mechanics and non-equilibrium thermodynamics.
Van Kampen was born in Leiden, and was a nephew of Frits Zernike. He studied physics at Leiden University, where in 1952 under the direction of Hendrik Anthony Kramers he earned his PhD with thesis "Contributions to the quantum theory of light scattering". He showed in his thesis how to deal with singularities in quantum mechanical scattering processes, which was an important step in the development of renormalization, according to Kramers. Van Kampen made fundamental contributions to non-equilibrium processes (in particular on the master equation) and in many-body theory (especially in plasma physics). His work on non-equilibrium processes began in 1953 in the research group of Sybren Ruurds de Groot (the successor to Kramers) in Leiden. In 1955 Van Kampen joined the Institute of Theoretical Physics at Utrecht University, where he later became full professor and professor emeritus after his retirement.
His monograph "Stochastic processes in physics and chemistry" (1981) is considered a classic. In his 2002 book "Waanwetenschap" (Science), Van Kampen condemned what he saw as pseudoscience, even within the scientific community; the book met with a mixed reaction — five scientists, including Vincent Icke, Floris Takens and Dennis Dieks, wrote a commentary on his book.
Nico van Kampen was an uncle of the Dutch theoretical physicist and Nobel prize winner Gerard 't Hooft, and he encouraged 't Hooft to study physics in Utrecht. Van Kampen was a member of the Koninklijke Nederlandse Akademie van Wetenschappen. He died, aged 92, in Nieuwegein.

</doc>
<doc id="36723246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723246" title="Juan Manuel Vázquez">
Juan Manuel Vázquez

Juan Manuel Vazquez (born 1988) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36723253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723253" title="Talvin">
Talvin

Talvin (, also Romanized as Talvīn) is a village in Nardin Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,875, in 499 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723259" title="Baghcheh, Semnan">
Baghcheh, Semnan

Baghcheh (, also Romanized as Bāghcheh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,149, in 252 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723262" title="Saoud Fath">
Saoud Fath

Saoud Fath Al Katheiri is a Qatar football Defender who played for Qatar in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Gharrafa, Al Ittihad and Rapid Wien

</doc>
<doc id="36723264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723264" title="Dasht-e Shad">
Dasht-e Shad

Dasht-e Shad (, also Romanized as Dasht-e Shād; also known as Dast-e Shā, Dast-e Shāh, Dast Shāh, and Destisha) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,224, in 288 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723272" title="Mekkamandapam">
Mekkamandapam

Mekkamandapam is a village in the Kanyakumari district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
Mekkamandapam Jumma Masjid (மேக்காமண்டபம் பள்ளிவாசல்) is a mosque in the village.
Mekkamandapam Market is the main market for the surrounding villages. The market is mainly for fish and vegetables.

</doc>
<doc id="36723275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723275" title="Damián Migueles">
Damián Migueles

Damian Emmanuel Migueles (born 1983) is an Argentine handball player. He was born in Buenos Aires. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36723278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723278" title="Kamardar">
Kamardar

Kamardar (, also Romanized as Kamardār) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 139, in 27 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723279" title="Arthur Campbell Walker">
Arthur Campbell Walker

Captain Arthur Campbell Walker, F.R.G.S. was a British soldier and golf player, who taught at the School of Musketry, Fleetwood.
Walker was born in Forfarshire. He was a keen golf player who has been credited with founding the Fleetwood Golf Club.
He had a distinguished Army career. He was ensign in the 79th Foot (Queens Own Cameron Highlanders) and took part in the Crimea War. He was present at the siege of Lucknow during the Indian Rebellion of 1857. He was appointed as an instructor at the School of Musketry, and became an advocate of armoured trains as means of strengthening the coastal defences of the United Kingdom. He was subsequently Adjutant to two of the Rifle Volunteer forces, Northumberland, (1868–77) and the Hertfordshire (1877–83). He was captain and a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society at the time of publishing "Correct Card".

</doc>
<doc id="36723283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723283" title="Korang, Semnan">
Korang, Semnan

Korang (; also known as Gazanak) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,019, in 257 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723291" title="2012 US Open – Men's Singles">
2012 US Open – Men's Singles

Novak Djokovic was the defending champion, but he was defeated in the final by Andy Murray 7–6(12–10), 7–5, 2–6, 3–6, 6–2 in 4 hours sixteen minutes, equalling the record for the longest US Open final in history. By defeating Djokovic, Murray claimed his first major title, becoming the first British man since Fred Perry, winner of the US Open in 1936, to win a Grand Slam championship, after having been runner-up on four previous occasions.
Andy Roddick, the 2003 champion, played his last professional match here before retirement, losing to Juan Martín del Potro in the fourth round and bringing a close to his 13-year career.
References.
Main Draw

</doc>
<doc id="36723296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723296" title="Abdulnasser Al-Obaidly">
Abdulnasser Al-Obaidly

Abdulnasse Al Obaidly is a Qatar football Midfielder who played for Qatar in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Sadd

</doc>
<doc id="36723297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723297" title="Konya Blue Train">
Konya Blue Train

The Konya Blue Train (), previously referred to as the Mevlana Express is an overnight intercity train that will begin to operate between İzmir and Konya on August 16, 2012. The inaugural train will depart Alsancak Terminal in İzmir at 8:00pm (EEST) after an opening ceremony which the minister of transport, Binali Yıldırım will attend. The train will follow the former Smyrna Cassaba Railway's Afyon line passing through Manisa, Alaşehir, Uşak, Afyon and Konya. This will be the first time passenger train service will operate east of Uşak to Afyon, since the cancellation of the İzmir-Diyarbakır Mail Train several years ago.

</doc>
<doc id="36723303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723303" title="Korang">
Korang

Korang or Koreng () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36723309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723309" title="Adel Al Mulla">
Adel Al Mulla

Adel Al Mulla is a Qatar football Forward who played for Qatar in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Rayyan

</doc>
<doc id="36723316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723316" title="Graciela Lara">
Graciela Lara

Graciela Lara is a Mexican actress of film and television who made her debut in the 1959 film, "Santa Claus".

</doc>
<doc id="36723319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723319" title="Nam-e Nik">
Nam-e Nik

Nam-e Nik (, also Romanized as Nām-e Nīk and Nām Nīk; also known as Nāmīn, Nānik, and Nānīn) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,682, in 588 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723327" title="Fahad Al Kuwari">
Fahad Al Kuwari

Fahad Al Kuwari (born 19 December 1968) is a retired Qatari football midfielder who played for Qatar in the 2000 Asian Cup. He played for Al Sadd and served as captain for a period before retiring in 2003. He served as director of the Qatar national team at one point after his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="36723338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723338" title="Fernando Gabriel García">
Fernando Gabriel García

Fernando Gabriel Garcia (born 1981) is an Argentine handball goalkeeper. He was born in Buenos Aires. He competed for the Argentine national team at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="36723339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723339" title="Qowsheh Degarman">
Qowsheh Degarman

Qowsheh Degarman (, also Romanized as Qowsheh Degarmān and Qūsheh Degermān) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 315, in 78 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723353" title="Jassim Al Tamini">
Jassim Al Tamini

Jassim Youssef Al Tamini is a Qatar football Midfielder who played for Qatar in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Wakrah and Al Sadd

</doc>
<doc id="36723355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723355" title="Kalateh-ye Khan, Semnan">
Kalateh-ye Khan, Semnan

Kalateh-ye Khan (, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Khān and Kalāteh Khān; also known as Kalāt Khān and Qalāteh-ye Khān) is a village in Dehmolla Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 160, in 24 families. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723360" title="Painted Dog Conservation">
Painted Dog Conservation

Painted Dog Conservation was founded in 1992 by Dr Greg Rasmussen, for the protection of the painted dogs ("Lycaon pictus") and their habitat. Painted Dog Conservation works to engage and incorporate local communities in protecting painted dogs in Zimbabwe. The painted dog, or African wild dog, was once common in Africa with estimates of over half a million spread among 39 countries. Current estimates put their numbers at about 3,000 only found in Tanzania, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Botswana and South Africa. Since PDC's creation, Zimbabwe's wild dog population has increased from 400 to 700 individuals. Painted Dog Conservation is partnered with the Wildlife Conservation Network.
Programs.
Collars and Road Signs.
Painted Dog Conservation uses catch-and-release techniques and places colored collars on the dogs to demonstrate to local ranchers that the dogs are few in numbers and have convinced many of them to not shoot at the dogs. The reflective collars combined with signs at key crossing areas have reduced road collisions by 50%. 
Anti-Poaching Units.
Painted Dog Conservation has created anti-poaching units staffed by locals to provide protection, gather data and collect poaching snares.
Snare Wire Art.
The snares collected by the anti-poaching units are given to local community artists who turn them into animal sculptures. Through sales of these snare and other crafts they spread the conservation message of the painted dogs both to their own community and internationally.
Monitoring.
Painted Dog Conservation uses radio collars, for collecting information about pack movements. This information contributes to their relocation to predator-friendly areas and to expand their range when needed. 
Rehabilitation.
A PDC rehabilitation facility is available for injured painted dogs until they can be re-release into the wild.
Bush Camp.
Painted Dog Conservation holds a free environmental Bush Camp for local 6th grade school children by local guides in hopes of inspiring them in conservation.
Visitors Center.
Painted Dog Conservation's visitor center was completed in 2007. The Center offers an education facility including a painted dog viewing platform. and an interpretive hall. 

</doc>
<doc id="36723370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723370" title="Davide Corso">
Davide Corso

Davide Corso (born 29 April 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays as a Midfielder.
Club career.
Catanzaro.
Corso played his first game for Catanzaro on 4 September 2011 in a 0-0 away draw against Melfi.

</doc>
<doc id="36723373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723373" title="Shahrud Integrated Farming Company">
Shahrud Integrated Farming Company

Shahrud Integrated Farming Company ( – "Mojtame` Gāvdārīhāy Shāhrūd") is a village and company town in Dehmolla Rural District, in the Central District of Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 5 families.

</doc>
<doc id="36723375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36723375" title="Yasser Nazmi">
Yasser Nazmi

Yasser Nazmi is a Qatari football midfielder who played for Qatar in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Qatar SC and Al Rayyan. He is the current assistant coach of the Qatar U17 team.
Career.
He started his career in the youth teams of Al Nasr before moving to Qatar SC. He made his first team debut in 1992, under Džemaludin Mušović. He officially retired in 2007, taking up a job as a coach.
He earned over 80 caps and scored 10 goals for the Qatar national team.

</doc>
