<doc id="36717163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717163" title="Antimius">
Antimius

Antimius was the bishop of Pécs in the Kingdom of Hungary between around 1148 and 1158. A royal charter of 1148 refers to one Bishop Antimius without mentioning his see. However, it also lists one Bishop John who has consensually been identified with a bishop of Pécs, thus Antimius cannot be regarded as the head of the same see. Antimius witnessed an authentic charter of 1156 as bishop of Pécs. A non-authentic charter, which all the same may have preserved the memory of real events, refers to a court case proceeding between Antimius and the abbot of Pécsvárad over the tithes paid by twelve villages and two chapels. 

</doc>
<doc id="36717165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717165" title="Baron of Berenberg-Gossler">
Baron of Berenberg-Gossler

Baron of Berenberg-Gossler () is a title in the German nobility, specifically the nobility of the Kingdom of Prussia, created in 1910 for banker Johann von Berenberg-Gossler of the Hamburg Hanseatic Berenberg-Gossler family. The title is held by one person at a time and is tied to an entailed estate ("Fideikommiss"), Gut Niendorf. For this reason, it is not always inherited by the eldest son. The title is currently (since 1997) held by humanitarian Cornelius von Berenberg-Gossler. The first three title holders were all heads of Berenberg Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="36717178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717178" title="Giuseppe Weidmann">
Giuseppe Weidmann

Giuseppe Weidmann (1742–1810) was an Austrian drama actor.
He was born in Vienna to a poor family. He interrupted his studies to become an actor, and specialized in playing the "grotesque" stock characters, perhaps a Hanswurst for the theater in Brünn. After a spell in theaters in Vienna and Salzburg; in 1765, he began reciting comic parts for audiences in Prague. He produced a single drama, titled "Sipper"; he performed then in Linz and Gratz; but was called by Emperor Joseph II to perform in Vienna. Weidmann was named one of five inspectors of the court theater.

</doc>
<doc id="36717179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717179" title="Ronald Rodgers">
Ronald Rodgers

Ronald Rodgers was the United States Pardon Attorney. He was appointed to the post in April 2008. The main duty of the Pardon Attorney is to receive, review and investigate applications that have been forwarded to his office and then tender his recommendations to the Deputy Assistant Attorney General. He was removed from office on April 22, 2014, following criticism of his handling of Clarence Aaron's petition for clemency.
Education.
U.S. Naval Academy USNA Class of 1977 where he majored in history and lettered in baseball. Upon graduation, he was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Marine Corps. In 1980, he was selected for the Marine Corps Funded Law Education Program and attended the University of Dayton School of Law, graduating summa cum laude in 1983.
Early career.
Director, Drug Intelligence Unit (September 2005 – April 2008); member, Narcotic and Dangerous Drug Section, Drug Intelligence Unit (March 1999 – September 2005); Circuit and Deputy Judge, Navy-Marine Corps Trial Judiciary (1995–1999).
United States Pardon Attorney.
Ronald L. Rodgers assumed duties as the Pardon Attorney in the United States Department of Justice in April 2008. The Office of the Pardon Attorney is responsible for reviewing and investigating applications to the President of the United States for executive clemency for federal criminal offenses, drafting the recommendation of the Deputy Attorney General to the President for the disposition of each clemency application, and advising Departmental leadership on matters related to executive clemency.
The Pardon Attorney assists the President in the exercise of his power under Article II, Section 2, clause 1 of the Constitution (the Pardon Clause). See Executive Order dated June 16, 1893 (transferring clemency petition processing and advisory functions to the Justice Department), the Rules Governing the Processing of Petitions for Executive Clemency (codified in 28 C.F.R. §§ 1.1 et seq.), and 28 C.F.R. §§ 0.35 and 0.36 (relating to the authority of the Pardon Attorney). The Pardon Attorney, under the direction of the Deputy Attorney General, receives and reviews all petitions for executive clemency (which includes pardon after completion of sentence, commutation of sentence, remission of fine and reprieve), initiates and directs the necessary investigations, and prepares a report and recommendation for submission to the President in every case. In addition, the Office of the Pardon Attorney acts as a liaison with the public during the pendency of a clemency petition, responding to correspondence and answering inquiries about clemency cases and issues.
Rodgers left office in April 2014, and was succeeded by Deborah Leff. Following the departure of Rodgers, the Justice Department expanded eligibility for clemency, and announced a plan to canvass the federal prison population for inmates who might qualify for early release.
Target of Justice Department Inspector General investigation.
President Obama's pardon record during his first term in office has been described as "abysmal", with much of the fault placed on Mr. Rodgers. Mr. Rodgers was the target of a Justice Department Inspector General report in December 2012 that found that Rodgers fell "substantially short of the high standards to be expected of Department of Justice employees and of the duty he owed to the President of the United States." In particular, the report found that Rodgers misrepresented the facts to the White House of a commutation request from Clarence Aaron, a man serving a triple life sentence for facilitating a drug deal. The pardon attorney's advice to the president to deny the grant, even though the prosecutor and judge supported it, "was colored by his concern ... that the White House might grant Aaron clemency presently and his desire that this not happen," the report concluded. Mr. Aaron's case was widely reported in the public since at least 2008, and he was eventually freed by President Obama in December 2013.
Military and other awards.
Mr. Rodgers’ military awards include the Legion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal, and three Navy Commendation Medals. In 2004, he received the Criminal Division award for intra-departmental cooperation, and in 2006, he received a special achievement award from the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division in recognition of service as Director of the Drug Intelligence Unit.

</doc>
<doc id="36717193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717193" title="Ria van Velsen (gymnast)">
Ria van Velsen (gymnast)

Maria Teuntje "Ria" van Velsen (born 18 May 1939) is a retired Dutch artistic gymnast who participated in the 1960 Summer Olympics. She took part in all events, with the best achievement of 14th place in the team all-around competitions. She is not related to the Dutch swimmer Ria van Velsen who also competed at the 1960 Games. After marriage to Thijs Rietveld in 1961 she was often credited as Ria Rietveld.

</doc>
<doc id="36717205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717205" title="Prime mission">
Prime mission

__NOTOC__
The prime mission of a project is activities in the period of operation proposed by NASA when it was selected for funding. The United States Congress passes a budget detailing where Federal tax money is to be spent in the upcoming year. The budget includes funding for NASA, sometimes with explicit instructions on how to allocate money to the project level, based on NASA's recommendations. The duration of a project may vastly exceed the prime mission, and money spent on a project during its lifetime may vastly exceed the original budget.
Prime mission costs do not include those donated by other countries, by organizations, or by individuals.
Post-prime missions.
The prime mission is a funding period that may be followed by a post-prime mission (a "mission extension"). A post-prime mission is budget that is not allocated at the time of the prime mission, however by necessity the equipment for the post-prime mission may be designed and built into the project from the start.
For US probes and satellites, NASA relies on the value of the science as determined by independent scientific peer review. As a part of the process, existing mission science teams submit a proposal describing what scientific work will be done, and at what cost. For international projects, any number of financial and political considerations may factor into a decision to conduct a post-prime mission.
Project closeout.
A project that is not given an extension, or that does not apply for one, begins a closeout. Typical activities include disposing of the system and supporting processes, archiving data, creating a "lessons learned" document, creating a final report, and reassigning personnel. When a closeout concludes, project work is discontinued. Certain limited costs, for example for data storage, may continue.
Cost estimate challenges.
NASA has worked with various cost models, borrowing heavily at the beginning from groundbreaking costing work by RAND, in the 1950s. However by the time of the Space Shuttle costing was so difficult that neither private industry nor the government's methods were particularly reliable. The problems were politics, and lack of analogous data, and by 1983 NASA administrator Jim Beggs is characterized by an official JSC Web site as committing to Congress a cost for the ISS that was "a rather random number in light of known estimates and the fact that the conceptual design had never settled".

</doc>
<doc id="36717216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717216" title="August Brauer">
August Brauer

August Bernhard Brauer (3 April 1863, Oldenburg – 10 September 1917, Berlin) was a German zoologist.
He studied natural sciences at the Universities of Bonn, Berlin and Freiburg, obtaining his doctorate in 1895 with a thesis on the ciliate- "Bursaria truncatella" titled "Bursaria truncatella unter Berücksichtigung anderer Heterotrichen und der Vorticellinen.". In 1892 he received his habilitation at the University of Marburg, where he subsequently worked as a lecturer. In 1894-95 he conducted scientific studies in the Seychelles.
With other scientists he participated in the "1898-99 German Deep-Sea Expedition" aboard the steamer "Valdivia" under the leadership of Carl Chun (1852–1914). In 1906 he was named director of the Berlin Zoological Museum, and later in his career he attained the title of "full professor".
Brauer distinguished himself in the field of deep-sea ichthyology, based largely on his experiences from the 1898-99 "Valdivia Expedition" as well as in his subsequent analyses of species collected on the journey. He was the first to demonstrate that ceratioids were mesopelagic and bathypelagic lifeforms rather than bottom-dwelling organisms. He described four ceratioid species new to science, recognizing an overall total of 23 species in three families; Ceratiidae, Gigantactinidae and Aceratiidae. He made important scientific contributions towards the multi-volume project- "Wissenschaftliche Ergebnisse der Deutschen Tiefsee-Expedition auf dem Dampfer "Valdivia" 1898-1899" (Scientific results of the German deep-sea expedition on the steamer "Valdivia" 1898–1899).
He was the author of "Die Süßwasserfauna Deutschlands", a work on freshwater fauna of Germany that was published in nineteen parts from 1909 to 1912. Also, he was an editor of "Fauna arctica", a project on Arctic fauna that was originally begun by Fritz Römer (1866–1909) and Fritz Schaudinn (1871–1906). 
In 1896 herpetologist Oskar Boettger (1844–1910) named the skink species "Janetaescincus braueri" (Brauer's burrowing skink) in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="36717223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717223" title="Timeline of the development of tectonophysics (after 1952)">
Timeline of the development of tectonophysics (after 1952)

The evolution of tectonophysics is closely linked to the history of the continental drift and plate tectonics hypotheses. The continental drift/ Airy-Heiskanen isostasy hypothesis had many flaws and scarce data. The fixist/ Pratt-Hayford isostasy, the contracting Earth and the expanding Earth concepts had many flaws as well.
The idea of continents with a permanent location, the geosyncline theory, the Pratt-Hayford isostasy, the extrapolation of the age of the Earth by Lord Kelvin as a black body cooling down, the contracting Earth, the Earth as a solid and crystalline body, is one school of thought. A lithosphere creeping over the asthenosphere is a logical consequence of an Earth with internal heat by radioactivity decay, the Airy-Heiskanen isostasy, thrust faults and Niskanen's mantle viscosity determinations.
Overview.
Many concepts had to be changed:
The shifting and evolution of knowledge and concepts, were from:
Actually, there were two main "schools of thought" that pushed plate tectonics forward:
Wegener's continental drift hypotheses is a logical consequence of: the theory of thrusting (alpine geology), the isostasy, the continents forms resulting from the supercontinent Gondwana break up, the past and present-day life forms on both sides of the Gondwana continent margins, and the Permo-Carboniferous moraine deposits in South Gondwana.

</doc>
<doc id="36717231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717231" title="Gavin Smellie">
Gavin Smellie

Gavin Ramon Smellie (born June 26, 1986; Saint Andrew Parish Jamaica) is a Jamaican-born Canadian sprinter. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 4x100m relay with teammates Jared Connaughton, Oluseyi Smith and Justyn Warner. In the final, the Canadian relay team arrived in third place and initially believed they had won bronze but they were disqualified when officials judged that Connaughton had stepped on the lane line just before passing the baton. The relay team from Trinidad and Tobago were awarded the bronze.
Smellie is a graduate of Western Kentucky University which he attended on an athletic scholarship. He represented the WKU Hilltoppers in collegiate track and field competitions.

</doc>
<doc id="36717250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717250" title="List of Legend of the Five Rings sets">
List of Legend of the Five Rings sets

This is a list of the card sets for the Legend of the Five Rings collectible card game ("L5R") published by AEG. L5R is marketed through base sets and expansion sets. Base sets are typically composed primarily of reprinted cards from prior sets with a smaller number of new cards. Expansion sets (which are smaller than base sets) are composed entirely of new cards. Cards are sold in 60-90 card semi-randomized starter decks and booster packs which have a smaller number (typically 11 or 15) of random cards. Starters feature a particular faction, including new fixed rarity cards and a Stronghold card for that faction. They also include cards from previous sets and are intended to be fully playable decks.
In addition to starters and boosters, there is also the occasional "learn to play" set containing two fixed decks and an expanded rulebook for new players and a fixed "direct to player" set unavailable except directly from AEG.
For the purpose of tournament format/legality and the storyline, L5R's sets are divided into "arcs". From the beginning of the game's second arc with "Jade Edition", cards have featured a "bug" (a kanji approximation of the edition's name) in a lower corner of the card's text box showing that card's legality. The only cards legal at most official tournaments are those printed with the current bug (or earlier printings of those cards). These bugs are shown next to each arc's title.
Originally, sets were differentiated by the color of their borders. From Gold Edition on, cards have an expansion code, card number, and rarity symbol listed on their lower edge. The rarity symbols are circle for common, diamond for uncommon, star for rare, triangle for promo, hollow diamond for "premium" (bonus cards found in "Emperor Edition" boosters), and star within a circle for fixed cards.
Hidden Emperor - "Jade".
With "Jade Edition", L5R introduced the concept of "arc legality". Newly printed cards were now marked with a "Jade bug". This allowed tournament rules to limit the card base allowed to be used: either "Strict Jade" in which only cards with the bug were legal or "Extended Jade" in which all Actions, Followers, Items, Kihos, and Regions were legal but all other types were required to have the bug.
Four Winds - "Gold".
With the new "Gold Edition", AEG reduced the number of factions in the game from 14 to 8 by removing the Brotherhood, Naga, Ninja, Spirit, Toturi's Army, and Yoritomo's Alliance factions. All sets in this arc included random foil versions of rare cards.

</doc>
<doc id="36717254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717254" title="Kaino Thomsen">
Kaino Thomsen

Kaino Thomsen-Fuataga (born 12 May 1991) was a Samoan taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the +80 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; he was defeated by Anthony Obame in the preliminary round and was eliminated by Robelis Despaigne in the repechage contest.
Rugby union.
In December 2012, just four months after London 2012, Thomsen announced he had quit taekwondo due to false promises, empty words and the lack of money. He said he wanted to re-peruse his talents at rugby union after representing Manu Samoa at age grade rugby. In February 2013, he was part of the Samoa A squad in the Pacific Rugby Cup, in witch Samoa A came runners up to Fiji Warriors. Just two years after London 2012, Thomsen was then named in the Samoan national rugby union team for their 2014 mid-year tests and 2014 IRB Pacific Nations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36717302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717302" title="Oluseyi Smith">
Oluseyi Smith

Oluseyi Smith or Seyi Smith (born February 21, 1987; Ife, Nigeria) is a Nigerian-born Canadian sprinter. He took part in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 4x100m relay with teammates Jared Connaughton, Gavin Smellie and Justyn Warner. In the final, the Canadian relay team arrived in third place and initially believed they had won bronze but they were disqualified when officials judged that Connaughton had stepped on the lane line just before passing the baton. The relay team from Trinidad and Tobago were awarded the bronze.

</doc>
<doc id="36717311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717311" title="Bolbec Castle">
Bolbec Castle

Bolbec Castle or Bolebec Castle, was a castle in the village of Whitchurch, Buckinghamshire, England.
History.
The motte and bailey castle was illegally built for Hugh II de Bolbec, Lord of Whitchurch during the Anarchy of 1147 and its building was criticized by Pope Eugene III.
It is thought to have had a masonry keep and the deep defences of the motte enhanced naturally defensive ground. The triangular bailey is now separated from its motte by Castle Lane.
Oliver Cromwell was responsible for its destruction in the English Civil War (1642–51).
The surviving earthworks are a scheduled monument.

</doc>
<doc id="36717337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717337" title="Wichita Junior Thunder">
Wichita Junior Thunder

The Wichita Jr. Thunder are a USA Hockey-sanctioned Tier III Junior A ice hockey team based in Wichita, Kansas. The team plays in the Midwest Division of the Western States Hockey League at the Wichita Ice Center.
Roster.
Updated June 5, 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36717347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717347" title="Bartolomé de la Cueva y Toledo">
Bartolomé de la Cueva y Toledo

Bartolomé de la Cueva y Toledo (1499–1562) was a Spanish Roman Catholic Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop.
Biography.
Bartolomé de la Cueva y Toledo was born in Cuéllar on August 24, 1499, the son of Francisco Fernández de la Cueva, 2nd Duke of Alburquerque and his wife Francisca de Toledo.
As a young man, before he took Holy Orders, he had an illegitimate son, Bartolomé de la Cueva. Following his ordination, he was a cleric in the Diocese of Segovia, and a canon of the cathedral chapter of Toledo Cathedral. He also worked for the Apostolic See in Spain. In 1525, he and his brother Luis accompanied Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor during the emperor's visit to Italy.
Cardinal de la Cueva did not participate in the Council of Trent. He was a friend of Ignatius of Loyola, joining Loyola's "Sociedad de la Gracia" at Santa Marta al Collegio Romano in Rome in 1543. He was also the patron of the first Jesuit church build in Rome by Michelangelo in 1544.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 19, 1544. He received the red hat and the titular church of San Matteo in Via Merulana on May 5, 1546. As a cardinal, he often resided at the papal court in Rome. Charles V was annoyed that Pedro Pacheco, Bishop of Pamplona was not elevated to the cardinalate and he forbade the three Spaniards made cardinals on December 19, 1544 from wearing the cardinalate habit until Bishop Pacheco was also made a cardinal the next year.
On September 12, 1548, he was named administrator of the see of Avellino e Frigento, holding this position until March 10, 1549.
On the vigil Pentecost, June 8, 1549, he was consecrated as a bishop in Rome by Cardinal Juan Álvarez de Toledo.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III. On December 4, 1551, he opted for the titular church of San Bartolomeo all'Isola. He served as Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals from January 12, 1554 to January 7, 1555. Cardinal de la Cueva participated in both the papal conclave of April 1555 that elected Pope Marcellus II and the papal conclave of May 1555 that elected Pope Paul IV. He opted for the titular church of Santa Croce in Gerusalemme on May 29, 1555.
From October 1558 to June 1559, he served as viceroy of the Kingdom of Naples.
He was a participant in the papal conclave of 1559 that elected Pope Pius IV. The new pope appointed him to a commission of cardinals tasked with studying church reform in 1560. On September 13, 1560, he was promoted to the metropolitan see of Manfredonia.
He died in the former Medici palace in Rome on June 29, 1562. He was initially buried in Nostra Signora del Sacro Cuore. His remains were later transferred to the family tomb in the monastery of San Francisco in Cuéllar.

</doc>
<doc id="36717378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717378" title="Alisher Gulov">
Alisher Gulov

Alisher Gulov (born 24 August 1989 in Dushanbe) is a Tajikistani taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the +80 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; he was defeated by Carlo Molfetta in the preliminary round and was eliminated by Liu Xiaobo in the repechage contest.

</doc>
<doc id="36717400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717400" title="Malaysia Internet Blackout Day (2012)">
Malaysia Internet Blackout Day (2012)

Malaysia Internet Blackout Day on August 14, 2012, was a series of coordinated protests occurred against a proposed laws in amendment of the Section 114A is the second of two amendments made to Malaysia’s Evidence Act 1950 by the Centre for Independent Journalism (CIJ) member of IFEX and SEAPA, initiative, this campaigning against the newly introduced Section 114A to the Evidence Act 1950—Malaysia Internet Blackout Day—by the protesters also placed their poster in their sites based on content is gaining momentum and has received more endorsements from prominent websites, netizens, and politicians were reported globally.
The amendment of section 114A "makes individuals and those who administer, operate or provide spaces for online community forums, blogging, and hosting services, liable for content published through its services""." This presumption of guilt goes against a fundamental principle of justice—innocent until proven guilty—and disproportionately burdens the average person who may not have the resources to defend himself in court and enables law enforcement officials to hold publishers of websites accountable for seditious, defamatory, or libellous postings even if they are not the actual authors of the content.
Internet Blackout Day was also supported by media sites "FreeMalaysiaToday", "Malaysiakini", "Digital News Asia", "The Nut Graph", "BFM 89.9", "Merdeka Review", and party organ news sites "Harakah Daily" and "Keadilan Daily".
Background to the campaign.
The Internet Blackout Day is part of a campaign to call for the repeal of the new Section 114A of the Evidence Act 1950, otherwise known as Evidence (Amendment) (No. 2) Act 2012. It began on May 31, 2012, when the Centre for Independent Journalism (CIJ) launched an online petition to call on the government to withdraw the Evidence (Amendment) (No. 2) Act. The petition, which received more than 3,300 signatures, was handed over to the Deputy Minister in the Prime Minister’s Department VK Liew in Parliament on June 26, 2012.
The CIJ also organized a public forum on June 12, 2012, entitled ‘Section 114A Evidence Act: Crime-busting or Online Control?’ with lawyer Foong Cheng Leong, online activist Jac SM Kee, and tech experts A. Asohan and Jeff Sandhu to discuss about the repercussions of the amendment.
On August 11, 2012, the CIJ, along with the National Young Lawyers Committee, and Pusat Rakyat LoyarBurok co-hosted a discussion on legal implications of Section 114A with lawyers K. Shanmuga, Faisal Moideen, and Foong Cheng Leong and Member of Parliament and Deputy Higher Education Minister Saifuddin Abdullah.

</doc>
<doc id="36717412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717412" title="School of Graduate Studies (SPS)">
School of Graduate Studies (SPS)

The School of Graduate Studies (SPS) nurtures, promotes and advances outstanding achievement in graduate education at Universiti Teknologi Malaysia (UTM). It monitors and ensures the quality and integrity of graduate programmes through continual review by internal and external auditors. 
Feedback from audit reports are capitalised for improvements and currency of programmes. The entails that students are provided with academic training of the highest standard in research and other scholarly activities.
Postgraduate qualification offers the opportunity to expand knowledge and enhance expertise in any particular field. For some, it is to develop new experience. While for others it might be a beginning of an entirely new phase in their professional careers. UTM offers a flexible framework to help students reach their desired objectives.
SPS is located at the F54 building in UTM Johor Bahru and its Kuala Lumpur branch is at the UTM Kuala Lumpur Campus. Its location is very near to International Student Centre to ensure better interaction with international postgraduate students. Students could enjoy serene surroundings while having their transaction in SPS.
History.
Postgraduate studies have been offered in UTM since 1982 shortly after the National Technical Institute (ITK) was upgraded to UTM in 1975. The School of Graduate Studies (SPS) UTM Johor Bahru, Malaysia was established soon after UTM was given the approval by the Malaysian Ministry of Education on October 15, 1992.
On March 2, 1993 the senate agreed to change the name of SPS to Centre of Graduate Studies (PPS) due to technical issues to ensure it is in line with the UTM Constitution (Akta Universiti dan Kolej Universiti 1971, Perintah (Pengecualian) Universiti Teknologi Malaysia,(1976). However the name SPS was reintroduced in January 1, 2000 as it is in line with the University and College Act 1971 – Universiti Teknologi Malaysia Constitution (1998).
Administration.
Under the administration of a dean, four deputy deans, a director, four academic managers, an IT manager, a deputy registrar and 65 non-academic staff, SPS has developed from its humble beginning by offering postgraduate courses to local students to catering thousands of local and international students from all around the globe.
Role.
SPS provides services ranging from promotion, application, registration, consultation and continuous guidance to Postgraduate students. It is well-equipped with skilled academic and non-academic staff to cater to all the need of the students to ensure a comfortable and smooth environment during their tenure here. 
With other units in UTM such as Students Affairs Office, SPS thrives in providing the best services and is sensitive to issues concerning Postgraduate students. 
The promotion efforts did locally and internationally have bore fruit now that UTM is one of the universities with the highest number of postgraduate Students. New international students will be provided with residential colleges once they register in UTM and they have to pass certain health and English requirements. 
Prospective students can apply online through the website www.sps.utm.my. Applicants will be notified within two months.

</doc>
<doc id="36717414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717414" title="Rod Streater">
Rod Streater

Rod William Streater (born February 9, 1988) is an American football wide receiver for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League (NFL). He signed with the Oakland Raiders as an undrafted free agent immediately following the conclusion of the 2012 NFL Draft. He played high school football at Burlington Township High School in Burlington Township, New Jersey. He played college football at Temple University.
College.
Streater played his collegiate ball at Temple University after transferring from Alfred State. In his first season with the Owls, Streater caught 30 receptions for 481 yards and four touchdowns. In his senior season, playing in an almost exclusively run-based offense, Streater caught 19 balls for 401 yards and four touchdowns. Temple won its first bowl game since 1979 during Streater's senior campaign.
Professional career.
Oakland Raiders.
After being undrafted in the 2012 NFL Draft, Streater then signed with the Oakland Raiders as an undrafted free agent. Streater was in the starting lineup for the Raiders on Monday Night Football against the San Diego Chargers to open the 2012 NFL season. He made his first career NFL reception in the first quarter, a catch of a Carson Palmer pass, and fumbled at the end of the play. Despite the way he entered the league, Streater wound up finishing fourth on the team with 584 receiving yards. He also caught 39 catches and three touchdowns.

</doc>
<doc id="36717421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717421" title="Gadzhi Umarov">
Gadzhi Umarov

Gadzhi Umarov (born 6 May 1985 in Buynaksk) is a Russian taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the +80 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; he was eliminated by François Coulombe-Fortier in the preliminary round.

</doc>
<doc id="36717454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717454" title="Hieronim Derdowski">
Hieronim Derdowski

Hieronim Derdowski (March 9, 1852, Wiele, Pomeranian Voivodeship, German Empire – August 13, 1902, Winona, Minnesota, USA) (Kashubian "Hieronim Derdowsczi" or "Jarosz Derdowsczi"), Kashubian-Polish intellectual and activist, was born to Kashubian parents in the Pomeranian village of Wiele. By the time Derdowski emigrated to the United States in 1885, he had already studied for the Roman Catholic priesthood, been repeatedly incarcerated by the German authorities, and edited a newspaper in the city of Torun. At the time, however, Derdowski was better known as a poet. Within two years of reaching the United States he became editor of the Winona, Minnesota Polish-language newspaper Wiarus. In this role he gained a reputation as a strong voice for the Polish-American community, also known as Polonia.
Life in Poland.
Given Derdowski's flair for storytelling, his own accounts of his youthful adventures should likely be taken with caution. He may or may not have run away to join the French Foreign Legion at age fifteen, or studied for the priesthood in Rome. But it is clear from Polish sources that young Hieronym was intended to become a priest and that he received in Chojnice and then Braniewo an appropriately rigorous education, which included both Polish and German. To judge from Derdowski's literary accomplishments he was an excellent, if not necessarily well-behaved student: the brilliant but incorrigibly roguish young student "Derda" who causes so much trouble in Book Three of Majkowski's epic The Life and Adventures of Remus is beyond doubt a representation of Derdowski, upon whom Majkowski also wrote a 1911 monograph.
Between 1870 and 1876 Derdowski worked mostly at teaching jobs while continuing to write poetry. After an abortive trip to France in 1877–1878 he returned to Torun, where he edited the newspaper "Gazeta Torunska" from 1879 to 1882. His life after that was marked by wandering, poverty, and imprisonment in German jails until 1885, when personal and economic reasons convinced him to start a new life in the United States. Although he was obviously not beloved of the Prussian authorities, neither was he in danger of long-term incarceration.
Despite his straitened living circumstances, Derdowski produced his finest work while living in Poland. Highly learned and equally fluent in the Kashubian "vernacular" and the Polish "high tongue," he contributed greatly to both the Kashubian and the Polish traditions. His 1880 satirical epic, "O Panu Czorlińścim co do Pucka po sece jachoł" (Mr. Czorlinsczi Goes To Puck To Buy Fishing Nets) is regarded as the beginning of Kashubian poetry. Other Kashubian-language works written before his emigration are "Kaszubi pod Widnem" ("The Kashubians by Widno," 1883)
and "Jasiek na Knieji" ("Johnny from the Forest," 1884).
Life in Winona.
Upon reaching the United States, Derdowski worked first for the Chicago socialist newspaper "Gazeta Narodowa" oand then for the "Pielgrzym Polski" of Detroit. At the invitation of Father Jan Romuald Byzewski, pastor of the Parish of Saint Stanislaus Kostka and (like Derdowski) a participant in the Kashubian diaspora, he came to Winona, Minnesota to edit "Wiarus". Derdowski's arrival made Winona a major center of Polish-American intellectual life. Though Wiarus may have changed its affiliation back and forth between the Polish Roman Catholic Union of America and the Polish National Alliance, the force of his impassioned rhetoric never faltered. And even when Derdowski's voice was not appreciated, it was always heard: in Minnesota, in Chicago, on the East Coast, and even in the Old Country itself.
Derdowski also involved himself in the affairs of Saint Stanislaus Kostka Parish. After Father Byzewski left in 1890, a series of pastors and assistant pastors served Saint Stanislaus, some of whom met with Derdowski's approval and some not. Tensions often rose, especially during the parish's rapid growth in the early 1890s and Derdowski was in the thick of things, more often than not fanning the flames. With the 1894 arrival of Father Jakub W.J. Pacholski as pastor, Saint Stanislaus returned to an even keel and Derdowski played a more settled role in the life of Winona's Kashubian community. Sadly, Derdowski never fully recovered from an 1896 stroke, and the strain of providing for his wife, Joanna, and their two daughters also took its toll on his health. His death in 1902 was scarcely even noticed by the local Winona press. Joanna Derdowska continued operating Wiarus until 1915, when it was sold outside of the family, finally shutting down in 1919.
Legacy.
Derdowski further insisted that Kashubian Americans were obliged to learn and observe both Polish and Kashubian traditions while becoming solid citizens of their new country. Over the years, Derdowski's efforts have been honored and celebrated within his native land. His works were influential upon Dr. Aleksander Majkowski and the Society of Young Kashubians; they continue to receive considerable attention from Kashubian and Polish scholars today. A statue of him was erected in his native Wiele. Aside from activities sponsored by Winona's Polish Cultural Institute and Museum, Derdowski is sadly far less remembered in the United States, where a simple headstone marks his grave in a beautiful, out of the way Roman Catholic cemetery in a sleepy river town of 27,000 souls.
Works.
His works were part of following anthologies:

</doc>
<doc id="36717463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717463" title="Ethnic Rock (album)">
Ethnic Rock (album)

Ethnic Rock is the first extended play studio album by Turkish recording artist Seyyal Taner, released on March 8, 2012 by Majör Records. As well as Seyyal Taner producing the album she worked with a variety of producers such as Akın Eldes, Volkan Başaran, Cengiz Ercümer, Mustafa Beyazkuş. The album's lead video clip, "Sevda Zindanları", was released on May 2, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36717468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717468" title="Andrea Cornaro (cardinal)">
Andrea Cornaro (cardinal)

Andrea Cornaro (1511–1551) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
Biography.
A member of the House of Cornaro, Andrea Cornaro was born in Venice on December 18, 1511, the son of Giacomo Cornaro. He was the nephew of Cardinals Marco Cornaro and Francesco Cornaro, and a cousin of Cardinals Luigi Cornaro and Federico Cornaro.
On March 13, 1532, he was elected Bishop of Brescia. He was appointed administrator of the diocese until he reached the canonical age of 30; he thereafter occupied the see until his death. In 1534, he became a cleric in the Apostolic Camera.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal deacon in the consistory of December 19, 1544. He received the red hat and the deconry of San Teodoro on January 9, 1545.
As cardinal, he attended a few sessions of the Council of Trent. He was also a participant in the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III. The new pope made Cardinal Cornaro papal legate in Viterbo and the "Patrimonium Sancti Petri". On June 27, 1550, he opted for the deaconry of Santa Maria in Domnica.
A scholar, he published two pastoral works, "De statu praelatorium" and "De residentia episcoporum". Seven volumes of his letters in Latin and two volumes in the Venetian language were also published.
He died in Rome on January 30, 1551. He was initially buried in the Basilica di Sant'Agostino. His remains were later transferred to Venice and buried in the family tomb in San Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="36717471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717471" title="William Burton Roy">
William Burton Roy

William Burton "Bill" Roy (born on 4 December 1958 in Versailles, Illinois) is a retired lieutenant colonel in the United States Air Force and former U.S. Olympian in skeet shooting.
Biography.
Bill Roy was born on 4 December 1958 in Versailles, Illinois. He attended the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Although the Academy's admissions director told Roy he "had a snowball's chance in hell" of gaining admission, he not only graduated but was elected as a class president. He is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. A former bishop, Roy's activity in the church began when he met then-fellow cadet Douglas J. Kirkpatrick, an aeronautics engineer famous for his appearance in a Michael Jordan Nike shoe commercial. Upon graduation in 1981, he married Vickie Norton. They have five children. He received his Masters in English Literature from the University of North Carolina. Today, Roy is the Chief Operating Officer for the El Paso County (Colorado) Republican Party.
United States Air Force.
Bill Roy served twenty years active duty in the United States Air Force, attaining the rank of lieutenant colonel. In addition to working as an English professor at the Air Force Academy, Roy was a squadron commander for the Red Flag training exercises. After retiring from active duty, Roy worked as a commercial airline pilot for United Airlines flying Boeing 747s.
Shooting.
An outdoors enthusiast from a young age, Bill Roy had a successful career in skeet shooting. Partially attributing his success to his Native American background, Roy suggests "Shooting is part of the heritage of the American people. It's one of the skills that early settlers and pioneers needed to survive in the wilderness." He won a gold medal at the 1991 World Skeet Shooting championships. That same year, he set three world records in skeet shooting at the Pan Am games. He also won a bronze medal in the same event at the world championships in 1993. 
He participated in the 1996 Summer Olympic Games in skeet shooting, finishing 9th in the Men's skeet shooting competition. He was the captain of the USA Shooting team at the Atlanta games. He narrowly missed qualifying for the 2000 and 2004 Olympic games in skeet shooting. According to the United States Air Force, he is a four-time world champion in rifle shooting competition. After retiring from active competition, Roy was an assistant coach for the Air Force Academy shooting team and Director of Operations of USA Shooting.
External links.
Career statistics and information from Sports-Reference

</doc>
<doc id="36717479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717479" title="Makar of Pécs">
Makar of Pécs

Makar was a prelate in the Kingdom of Hungary in the second half of the 13th century. He was provost of Dömös around 1156, and bishop of Pécs between around 1162 and 1186. The medieval sculptures of the cathedral at Pécs are dated to his period.
Life.
The first record on Makar's life (a charter of 1156 by Archbishop Martyrius of Esztergom) refers to him as provost of the collegiate chapter at Dömös. He was appointed bishop of Pécs in the reign of King Géza II of Hungary. However, Makar became one of the four prelates who assisted Géza II's brother, Stephen IV against the late king's son, Stephen III. Stephen IV's claim to the throne was promoted by the Byzantine Empire, which may account for Makar's choice, his diocese being situated on the southern borders of Hungary.
Nevertheless, Makar left Stephen IV's party, shortly after, since a charter Stephen III issued in the middle of 1163 listed him among the prelates witnessing the document. The first reference to "guest settlers" in Pécs is connected to his period, because King Béla III of Hungary confirmed a sale of a piece of land by the widow of the leader of the "guest settlers" in Pécs. The architecture of the altar dedicated to the Holy Cross in the cathedral has clear analogies in the contemporary architecture in Milan, Parma and Padova, while suggests the presence of stonemasons from Lombardy.
A non-authentic royal charter dated to 1186 contains the last reference to Makar.

</doc>
<doc id="36717485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717485" title="Crying Over You">
Crying Over You

"Crying Over You" is a song by Canadian new wave group Platinum Blonde, released as the first single from their 1985 album "Alien Shores". The single reached No. 1 on the Canadian record charts on Sept. 7, 1985. The song features a guitar solo by Alex Lifeson from Rush. A shorter edit of the 12" 'Radical Mix' version of the song appears as the 'B' side of their single 'Somebody Somewhere'. 
Track listing.
7" single:
12" single:
Remixes and additional production by Shep Pettibone.

</doc>
<doc id="36717490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717490" title="Mare'">
Mare'

Mare' (, also spelled Marea) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located 25 kilometers north of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Tell Rifaat to the west, A'zaz to the northwest and al-Bab to the southeast. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, it had a population of 16,904 in the 2004 census.
Mare' has been affected by the ongoing Syrian uprising against the government of Bashar al-Assad. The Ibn Walid brigade of the opposition Free Syrian Army was formed in the town in August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36717503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717503" title="RationaL (rapper)">
RationaL (rapper)

Matt Brotzel, better known as RationaL, is a Canadian hip-hop artist from Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. On March 30, 2010, RationaL released his debut single "Cocaine Cowboy" off of his upcoming debut album, "The BirthWrite" LP. The song garnered a 2010 Sphere of Hip-Hop
2007 - 2012.
In the fall of 2007, RationaL began the writing and recording process for his debut album, "The BirthWrite" LP. The album charted as high as #2 on the "!earshot" hip-hop charts. Although "The BirthWrite" LP is officially considered RationaL's debut album, there was a free promotional album released on July 20, 2010 entitled Hard Labor: The BirthWrite Prequel that circulated locally and was made available online. "The BirthWrite" LP is most notable for the award-winning lead single "Cocaine Cowboy", a song about RationaL's observations watching his sister date a cocaine addict.
2013 - Present.
On July 23, 2013, RationaL reached an exclusive agreement with The Toronto Blue Jays and Major League Baseball to release his new single - "A Swing and a Belt" - dedicated to the late Hall of Fame voice of the Blue Jays, Tom Cheek. Cheek called a Major League record 4,306 consecutive games for 28 straight seasons on the Toronto Blue Jays Radio Network from April 7, 1977 to June 2, 2004.
Produced by Imperial, "A Swing and a Belt" received high-praise from former World Series hero Joe Carter. Former Jays manager and current Sportsnet play-by-play man Buck Martinez also raved about the song. Martinez made the following statement:
""RationaL has captured everything that Tom Cheek was in regards to baseball. He had his passion, he understood his love of the game, he understood all the great moments in Tom Cheek's broadcasting career. He weaves them into "A Swing and a Belt" in such a way that it brings back so many memories for fans, baseball people and media people that really captures the essence of Tom Cheek's career with the Blue Jays. I don't think it could have been done any better.""
In addition, Sportsnet aired the song during the Blue Jays game versus the Houston Astros on July 27, 2013. "A Swing and a Belt" is also the lead single from RationaL's upcoming EP entitled Hell or High Water, scheduled for release on Ear RationaL Music on March 25, 2014. Confirmed collaborators for the record thus far include Mr. J. Medeiros, Factor, Imperial, Josh Palmer and Juno Award-winning producer and emcee, Relic.
Music Videos.
Two videos were filmed for The BirthWrite LP. "Cocaine Cowboy" was filmed in downtown Saskatoon and released on March 30, 2010. A music video for "A Swing and a Belt" was filmed in August 2013 at the Rogers Centre in downtown Toronto and is scheduled for release soon.

</doc>
<doc id="36717524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717524" title="Ria van der Horst">
Ria van der Horst

Hendrika Anna Maria "Ria" van der Horst (born 10 August 1932) is a former Dutch backstroke swimmer who participated in the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics. In 1948, she was fifth in 100 m backstroke. She won the gold medal in the same event at the 1950 European Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36717539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717539" title="Pursuit to Haritan">
Pursuit to Haritan

The Pursuit to Haritan occurred between 29 September and 26 October 1918 when the XXI Corps and Desert Mounted Corps of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force (EEF) pursued the retreating remnants of the Yildirim Army Group advanced north from Damascus after that city was captured on 1 October during the final weeks of the Sinai and Palestine Campaign of the First World War. The infantry and corps cavalry advanced from Haifa and Acre to capture the Mediterranean ports at Beirut and Tripoli between 29 September and 9 October. These captures enabled the inland pursuit to be supplied when the 5th Cavalry Division Desert Mounted Corps resumed the pursuit on 5 October. The cavalry division occupied one after the other, Rayak, Homs, Hama. Meanwhile Prince Feisal's Sherifial Force which advanced on the cavalry division's right flank, attacked and captured Aleppo during the night of 25/26 October after an unsuccessful daytime attack. The next day the 15th (Imperial Service) Cavalry Brigade charged a retreating column and attacked a rearguard during the Charge at Haritan near Haritan which was at first reinforced but subsequently withdrew further north.
Following the victory at the Battle of Megiddo on 25 September Yildirim Army Group was forced to withdraw towards Damascus. The commander of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force General Edmund Allenby ordered Lieutenant General Henry Chauvel's Desert Mounted Corps to pursue these retreating columns. Followed by the 5th Cavalry Division, the Australian Mounted Division pursuit took them via Kuneitra and the 4th Cavalry Division pursuit took them inland to the Hejaz railway where they joined forces with Prince Feisal's Sherifial Force after their captured Deraa. Several rearguards were attacked and captured at Irbid by the 4th Cavalry Division Jisr Benat Yakub, Kuneitra, Sa'sa', Kaukab, the Barda Gorge by the Australian Mounted Division and Kiswe by the 5th Cavalry Division. After Damascus was captured the remnant Yildirim Army Group were pursued along the road to Homs and attacked by light horsemen at the Charge at Khan Ayash.
While the Yildirim Army Group was retreating back their lines of communication were shortened facilitating supply while Desert Mounted Corps was getting further away from their base and their lines of communication had to be extended. The pursuit north from Damascus began with the advance along the Mediterranean coast by the XXI Corps north from Haifa and Acre to capture the ports at Beirut and Tripoli through which supplies could be transported to support Desert Mounted Corps advance. While the Australian Mounted Division continued to garrison Damascus the 4th and 5th Cavalry Divisions continued the pursuit towards Rayak and Baalbek as the advance along the coast was progressing. From Baalbek the 4th Cavalry Division could not continue due to sickness and remained to garrison the area while the 5th Cavalry Division, was reorganised into two columns and reinforced by a number of armoured cars continued the pursuit with Prince Feisal's Sherifial Force covering their right flank to Homs and Hama. By 22 October the armoured cars were south of Aleppo with the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade catching up on 25 October just before Sherifial forces captured Aleppo. Early in the morning of 26 October the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade continued the pursuit to Haritan where they charged Ottoman rearguards which proved too strong. By that evening, the 14th Cavalry Brigade had arrived and the strong Ottoman rearguard withdrew as a result. On 27 October the Australian Mounted Division was ordered to advance to Aleppo. They had reached Homs, when the Armistice of Mudros was announced, ending the war in the Sinai and Palestine theatre of the First World War.
Background.
In the Southern Lebanon lived four varieties of Christians; the Maronite, Greek Uniats, Greek and Syrian Orthodox (Jacobite) lived alongside many Protestants, Druses and Metawala. In the Southern Bukaa and on the western slope of Mount Hermon, were more Druses, while in the Bukaa, Metawala and Syrian Orthodox Christians lived. In the Northern Lebanon, besides the same sects of Christians as in the south, more Metawala and an exclusive set of Shiahs, the Ismailiyah lived. North of Damascus many Syrian Christians lived, and to both the north and the south some Metawala. Villages north to the Lake of Homs were Christian and Arab, while the city was mainly Moslem with a Christian minority of mainly Greek Orthodox. To the east of all these peoples, the nomadic Bedouin Arabs of the Beni Khalid and Nueim tribes, "from the steppe hills and desert east of Homs and Anti-Lebanon", most of whom came into the Bukaa in summer.
Following the comprehensive success of the Battle of Megiddo, Sir Henry Wilson, Chief of the Imperial General Staff (CIGS) at the War Office encouraged Allenby with the idea that the EEF could do anything: "There is much talk here of the usual kind some saying you could go to Petrograd and some saying that all your force should now be transported to France, and some again who would like to see you march east to Baghdad!" He continued: "Your success being so complete, I should like you to consider the possibility of a cavalry raid on Aleppo, to be supported by infantry or not as the situation developed and as opportunities offered." He added that the War Cabinet was prepared to take full responsibility for any unsuccessful outcomes.
The War Office desired a "quick cavalry raid on Aleppo away. Allenby's EEF at Damascus was already away from its main supply base and he was prepared to advance only in stages as supply and geography dictated.
The difficult problem of supplying, even a small force as far north as Aleppo from base would need to be solved. Before either Damascus or Beirut had been captured, Allenby explained to Wilson that a raid on Aleppo "did not seem feasible unless supported by large–scale military and naval operations at Alexandretta."
Prelude.
Yildirim Army Group concentrate at Rayak.
Liman von Sanders had seen the Eighth Army destroyed and its headquarters dissolved and the loss of most of the Yildirim Army Group's artillery.
The surviving 300 German and Ottoman soldiers who had formed the Haifa garrison arrived at Beirut on 26 September and were ordered to continue on to Rayak.
Liman ordered von Oppen's Asia Corps (formerly part of the Eighth Army) to withdraw by train from Deraa at 05:30 on 27 September; he was delayed nine hours by a break in the line long north of Deraa, to arrive at Damascus the following morning; travelling straight on to Rayak where he was to establish a defensive line.
Liman von Sanders transferred his headquarters to Baalbek on 29 September and Mustapha Kemal Pasha, commander of the Seventh Army arrived at Kiswe, with his army's leading troops. He was also ordered to Rayak to take over command of that sector, Jemal Pasha, commander of the Fourth Army also took command of the Tiberias Group defending Damascus while Jevad Pasha and the Eighth Army staff had been sent back to Constantinople. The 146th Regiment was the last formation to leave Damascus on 30 September. After hearing the Barada Gorge was closed von Hammerstein left Damascus by the Homs road, following the III Corps, the 24th Division and the 3rd Cavalry Division to Rayak where even remnants of the 43rd Division of the Second Army which had not been involved in fighting, were "infected with panic."
About 19,000 Ottoman soldiers had retreated northwards by 1 October, no more than 4,000 of whom were equipped and able to fight. "Successive defeats in adverse conditions meant that their morale and physical condition were generally poor, they had no artillery support and transport was virtually non–existent ... they were unlikely to be able to offer much solid resistance to a determined British cavalry force operating north of Damascus." 
Only von Oppen's force which had travelled by train to Rayak before the Barda Gorge was closed and the 146th Regiment marching to Homs remained "disciplined formations" by 2 October.
EEF advance from Haifa.
Allenby's plan outlined to Henry Wilson, CIGS at the War Office on 25 September, included an advance to Beirut at the same time as the advance to Damascus:
However, the 7th (Meerut) Division (XXI Corps) with the 102nd Brigade Royal Garrison Artillery and did not arrive at Haifa until 29 September while the XXI Corps Cavalry Regiment which was attached, was at Acre. They were unable to leave until 3 October when the 54th (East Anglian) Division took over garrison duties in the Haifa area.
The 7th (Meerut) Division began their march to Beirut in three columns. The leading column consisted of the Corps Cavalry Regiment, one company of infantry and the 2nd Light Armoured motor Battery. The second column consisted of the 3rd and 4th Companies Sappers and Miners, the 121st Pioneers with the 53rd Sikhs and 2nd Battalion Leicestershire Regiment (28th Brigade). The remainder of the 28th Brigade with the 19th and 28th Brigades of infantry, the 261st, 262nd and 264th Brigades of Royal Field Artillery (RFA) and the 522nd Field Coy, RE completed the 7th (Meerut) Division.
The poorly maintained road along the coast was in places only wide with a one in five gradient as it passed over the Ladder of Tyre. The second column began work to improve this narrow track cut over the cliff face. It took three days to blast the rock and build a surface suitable for wheeled transport.
Meanwhile the XXI Corps Cavalry Regiment comprising one squadron Duke of Lancashire Yeomanry and two squadrons of 1/1st Hertfordshire Yeomanry were able to advance without waiting for the road works to be completed. They moved quickly along the road to arrive in Tyre also known as Es Sur on 4 October.
During the advance to Tyre they encountered "few if any Turkish troops." Three days supplies were delivered by sea to Tyre, for the three columns to pick up on their way north. By 6 October the leading column had entered Sidon also known as Saida, where more supplies arrived, again by ship.
Occupation of Beirut.
Beirut, a largely Christian city with a population of 190,000 before the war, was strategically important due to its "great port", located north of the Nahr el Kelb or Dog River.
The Ottoman 43rd Division which had arrived early in October was had been assigned the defence of Beirut.
The first British Empire forces to arrive at Beirut were an armoured car reconnaissance from Rayak or Zahle by the 5th Cavalry Division on 7 October. They found Ottoman forces had already evacuated the city and an Arab Government under Shukri Pasha Ayubi had been installed. A French destroyer and five French vessels were also in Beirut harbour.
The XXI Corps Cavalry Regiment with attached infantry company and the 2nd Light Armoured Motor Battery arrived at Beirut on 8 October. The city was occupied without opposition when 600 prisoners were captured. The remainder of the infantry division and artillery followed when the road enabled the movement of wheeled vehicles. Private Norman F. Rothon a mule driver with the 13th Mountain Howitzer Battery, 8th Brigade RGA, 7th (Meerut) Division, arrived at Beirut on the evening of 9 October. He and his unit had marching since 19 September; of that total were marched between 8 and 9 October. "If I was asked how I felt when we arrived I should say like a cripple and fairly doubled up and I hope I shall never experience another march like it the men tramping along with hollow cheeks and staring eyes, nothing to eat but the awful Bouilli & Biscuits and lots of the men go without as their stomachs cannot stand the awful repetition (we have had 3 weeks of it). My inside yearns for some ordinary food & vegetables."
Lieutenant General E. S. Bulfin commander of the XXI Corps, established his headquarters in the city's main hotel, to oversea devolution of the city's administration to the French following the terms of the Sykes–Picot Agreement. He appointed Colonel de Piépape, commander of the infantry "Détachment Français de Palestine et de Syrie" military governor at Beirut. He also appointed French military governors to Sidon and Tyre. When detachments of French troops arrived from Haifa by sea to garrison the three towns, the found some unrest caused by disappointed Arab Sherifial representatives. The infantry "Détachment Français de Palestine et de Syrie" arrived at Beirut on 20 October, and the cavalry "Regiment Mixte de Marche de Palestine et Syrie" detached from the 5th Light Horse Brigade, arrived on 24 October. The 54th (East Anglian) Division arrived at Beirut on 31 October 1918.
On 11 October Allenby reported to the War Office:
Chauvel recalled in 1929:
Occupation of Tripoli.
On 9 October Allenby issued orders for the speedy occupation of Tripoli by the 7th (Meerut) Division. The town and the port of El Mina were strategically important because supplies could be unloading at the port and quickly transported inland to Homs on the main road to Aleppo. The capture of Tripoli would vastly improve the lines of communication supporting the pursuit.
Tripoli was occupied unopposed on 13 October by the 7th (Meerut) Division led once again by the XXI Corps Cavalry Regiment and the 2nd Light Armoured Motor Battery following Bulfin's orders for the continuation of the coastal advance northwards. The leading column was followed by the 19th Infantry Brigade Group commanded by Brigadier General W. S. Leslie which arrived on 18 October. The remainder of the 7th (Meerut) Division arrived not long after. Rothon arrived in Tripoli on 18 October, after a march over mountain passes and sand. "Felt absolutely done up when we got here and at times felt like lying down and giving in as I feel as if my very life blood is being drawn from me in these long marches, in addition to which we are only at half strength which means double work for us all." He was hospitalised in Tripoli shortly after and was still there at the end of the month.
The 5th Cavalry Division was ordered on 9 October to advance to Homs, where they could be supplied overland, along the fairly good road from Tripoli, as a direct result of that town, with its small port of jetties "suitable for landing stores in fine weather", being occupied. On 22 October a casualty clearing station was landed at Tripoli to evacuate 5th Cavalry Division sick and wounded.
Pursuit from Damascus.
Yildirim Army Group withdraw from Rayak.
After an RAF attack on Rayak, Liman von Sanders withdrew the Rayak force on 2 October sending most of his troops including Colonel von Oppen's Asia Corps under the command of Mustapha Kemal to Aleppo, to prepare a defence. This force retreated to Homs via Ba'albek on their way to Aleppo; the first place offering the possibility of a strong defence, while the remnant Fourth Army prepared a rearguard defence of Homs.
The Seventh Army's III Corps' 1st and 11th Divisions and XX Corps and the 48th Infantry Division, were still intact and conducting a fighting retreat by 6 October. The 1st and 11th Divisions had been reorganised into the new XX Corps, which included one complete regiment from "Turkey".
4th and 5th Cavalry Divisions' pursuit.
The country north from Damascus, with its grand mountains and fertile valley and slopes, was more beautiful than that to the south of the city. The Nahr el Litani or Leontes river flowing south between the parallel ranges of the Lebanon and the Anti-Lebanon enters the sea between Tyre and Sidon. Along the valley cattle, sheep and goats grazed and barley and wheat were grown with oats in the north. The only breaks in the north-south Lebanon and Anti-Lebanon mountain ranges occur from Damascus to Beirut and from Homs to Tripoli.
On 5 October the advance north was resumed although supply would be difficult. Allenby anticipated capturing the ports of Beirut and Tripoli, which would improve supplying rations to Desert Mounted Corps. "Nevertheless his decision continue the pursuit was born of rare ambition and resolution." It would be a "bold move" as the British Empire troops would be well beyond range of support from the rest of the EEF.
Allenby briefed Chauvel on his Aleppo campaign plans at Chauvel's new headquarters in a former Yilderim Army Group building in the south–western suburbs during his day-trip to Damascus on 3 October. The Australian Mounted Division commanded by H. W. Hodgson was to garrison Damascus, while the 5th Cavalry Division commanded by Major General H.J.M. MacAndrew and the 4th Cavalry Division commanded by Major General G. de S. Barrow advanced to Rayak northwest of Damascus, to establish a new forward line to stretch east to Beirut.
The 4th and 5th Cavalry Divisions left Damascus together on 5 October without wheeled transport and guns which rejoined at Khan Meizelun from Damascus and above sea-level after passing through the city. The Sherwood Rangers regiment which had been on the lines of communication at Kuneitra rejoined the 14th Cavalry Brigade, 5th Cavalry Division. The 12th Light Armoured Motor Battery and the 7th Light Car Patrol also joined the divisions.
From Khan Meizelun the 4th Cavalry Division moved to Zebdani on the railway between Damascus and Rayak while the 5th Cavalry Division moved towards Rayak by the main road through Shtora. On the march towards Shtora, "A violent storm, lasting several hours, burst as soon as bivouac was reached and lasted the greater part of the night. This did not improve matters as regards the malaria outbreak, which was by then almost at its height."
Occupation of Rayak.
They advanced next day to Rayak; towards the railway junction of the main railway from Constantinople with the railways from Beirut and Damascus which branched at Rayak away. Rayak was reported to be occupied by about 1,000 Ottoman and German soldiers. During the night of 5/6 October, a report was received that the Ottomans had withdrawn from Rayak.
The 5th Cavalry Division arrived in Rayak on 6 October to find considerable destruction caused by an RAF air-raid on 2 October and captured some prisoners, railway rolling stock and military equipment.
The 14th Brigade arrived at Rayak at 14:00 on 6 October where a great deal of damage had been caused by an RAF air raid on 2 October. Here the remains of 32 German aircraft were found, "including some of the latest type, had been either abandoned or burnt by the enemy." Military equipment, engineers' stores, several locomotives and rail trucks were captured at Rayak. The 14th Cavalry brigade also captured 177 prisoners and some guns when they occupied Zahle a few miles north of Rayak, also without opposition.
Beirut reconnaissance.
On 7 October armoured cars attached to the 5th Cavalry Division made a reconnaissance to Beirut, without opposition being encountered. They arrived about noon to find Ottoman forces had withdrawn from the city.
Occupation of Baalbek.
On 9 October Allenby ordered the continuation of their advance to Homs following the railway.
Baalbek was occupied unopposed on 10 October by a light armoured car reconnaissance.
End of 4th Cavalry Division's campaign.
The EEF was still in vastly superior strength to the enemy in the area when Allenby made the initial decision to push the 4th and 5th Cavalry Divisions as far as the Rayak to Beirut line. Desert Mounted Corps numbers, however dropped dramatically each day as increasing numbers of men became ill, weakening the corps' effectiveness.
On 14 October the 4th Cavalry Division moved to Shtora , in the Rayak Valley.
"This was magnificent, very fertile, and with many fruit trees. It was also a great grain–growing area. There were many wine factories at Shtora. The slopes of the Lebanon were covered with vineyards. The Anti–Lebanon, that is the range on the Damascus side of the valley, are pretty bare and resemble the Indian Frontier.
At Shtora the surplus horses were left behind. They far outnumbered the men and it was with the utmost difficulty that they could be moved about. One man was leading five horses in Jacob's Horse, and the British units had to drive animals like herds."
On 16 October the 4th Cavalry Division arrived at Baalbek on the plain between the Lebanon and Anti-Lebanon mountains, where the days were hot and the nights cool. Here was found a good supply of water and tibben (bhoosa), but the division was "immobilised by losses through sickness" when a particularly virulent epidemic of malaria (malignant tertian) and influenza suddenly broke out. The division evacuated almost 80 per cent of the troopers; 3,600 were sick of whom 400 died. Allenby and Chauvel spent some days visiting the troopers while the division was at Ba'albek with a brigade at Lebwe. "The Middlesex Yeomanry were down to twenty–six officers and men, while Jacob's Horse had an average of twenty–five men per squadron only. The difficulty of looking after the horses can be imagined and we had to have numbers of Turk prisoners to help."
On 20 October the 5th Cavalry Division began their advance to Aleppo, when the 4th Cavalry Division, reduced to 1,200 through the effects of sickness, was to move north to garrison Homs. But it was unable to do so "still less to support the 5th in case of need at Aleppo." "The Great War, so far as the 4th Cavalry Division was concerned, was ended."
Reorganisation of 5th Cavalry Division.
At Baalbek, General MacAndrew reorganised his 5th Cavalry Division into two columns; the lead unit Column "A" consisted of the divisional headquarters, 24 cars in three batteries of armoured cars, and three light car patrols armed with machine guns, supported by the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade (less the Hyderabad Lancers on the line of communications). The country was "fairly flat" with a good surface for the cars to negotiate and with their heavy machine–gun fire they were a strong raiding force.
5th Cavalry Division and Sherifial Force pursuit.
The 5th Cavalry Division had not been so badly affected by sickness and was able to continue the pursuit as it had garrisoned Afulah and Nazareth well away from the mosquito infested areas along the Jordan River. Nor were they involved in the fighting at Jisr Benat Yakub, when they were in reserve to the Australian Mounted Division. Allenby now ordered the 5th Cavalry Division to advance to Homs while the 4th Cavalry Division, which barely had enough men to carry out normal camp duties, remained to garrison the Zahle-Rayak-Baalbek area.
The 5th Cavalry Division was organised into two columns for the pursuit to Homs. The leading column consisted of the 13th Cavalry Brigade commanded by Brigadier General G. A. Weir (who succeeded P. J. V. Kelly see Battle of Nazareth (1918) and Second Transjordan attack on Shunet Nimrin and Es Salt), "B" Battery HAC and armoured cars, with the remainder of the division in the rear column, a day's march behind. Chauvel ordered them to advance up the Nahr el Litani valley between the Lebanon and Anti Lebanon mountain ranges, while 1,500 regular Hejaz soldiers commanded by Nuri Bey part of the Sharif of Mecca's Sherifial Force commanded by Prince Feisal, covered the cavalry's right flank by advancing north along the main Damascus to Homs road. The leading column of the cavalry reached Lebwe on 13 October, El Qa'a on 14 October and El Quseir on 15 October a total of passing through the fertile plain of the Nahr el Litani valley where bread, meat and grain was easily requisitioned at each place.
Occupation of Homs.
The Fourth Army commanded by Djemal Kuchuk had been ordered to form a rearguard to hold Homs for as long as possible, while von Oppen's Asia Corps (formerly part of the Eighth Army) continued on to Aleppo where Mustapha Kemal and the remnants of his Seventh Army were preparing defenses. On 16 October the headquarters of the Fourth Army at Homs was encircled and captured although it had been reported for some days that Homs had been evacuated.
"his proved to be the case."
The armoured cars, 13th Cavalry Brigade and Nuri Bey's Sherifial Force arrived in the city of 70,000 with its crusader castle, on 16 October. By then the 7th (Meerut) Division had captured Beirut and Tripoli on the Mediterranean coast, anticipated rearguards from fresh Ottoman reinforcements had not been encountered and the RAF reported Hama, north of Homs, unoccupied. On 18 October Allenby ordered Chauvel to prepare to push the 5th Cavalry Division north on 20 October and to capture Aleppo by 26 October. Allenby had ordered the 2nd Light Car Patrol and the 2nd Light Armoured Motor Battery which had been attached to the 7th (Meerut) Division (XXI Corps) to join the 5th Cavalry Division at Homs.
The 5th Cavalry Division's fighting strength of 2,500 included the strongest column of armoured cars so far employed in the theatre. These included the 2nd, 11th and 12th Light Armoured Motor Batteries and the 1st (Australian), 2nd and 7th Light Car Patrols.
The 4th Cavalry Division was to advance to Homs in support. When Chauvel reported the 4th Cavalry Division unable to move, Allenby decided not to risk the 5th Cavalry Division against Aleppo . He considered the city too remote an objective, with the increasing threat of encountering effective rearguards the further north they rode, and he ordered the pursuit to stop at Hama.
Occupation of Hama.
The remaining soldiers in the 48th Infantry Regiment which had been part of the 16th Division, Asia Corps (formerly Eighth Army) at the beginning of the Battle of Megiddo on 19 September, set up a rearguard at Hama. However the rearguard was eventually forced to withdraw on 19 October as Desert Mounted Corps approached.
Allenby had ordered the 5th Cavalry Division to continue the pursuit from Homs 120 miles (190 km) north to Aleppo on 20 October, with the 4th Cavalry Division advancing to occupy Homs, in support. However, the 4th Cavalry Division had been reduced by sickness to a strength of 1,200 by 20 October and was unable to move. The pursuit was to be reinforced by Feisal, who "promised to despatch 1,500 troops from Homs under Sherif Nasir, and hoped to raise some thousands more of local Arabs on his march." This was in addition to the 1,500 regular Hejaz Sherifial Force commanded by Nuri Bey already guarding the right flank of the cavalry division.
However, when Allenby heard the 4th Cavalry Division could not support the pursuit, he decided not to risk a division against remote objectives, which could become vulnerable to capture the further north they rode, and ordered the pursuit stopped. The 5th Cavalry Division was to remain to occupy Hama a city of 60,000 which had already been captured before 20 October by Feisal's Sherifial Force.
The order to stop the pursuit reached Macandrew, commanding the 5th Cavalry Division, after his first day's march from Homs towards Hama, in the evening of 20 October. His reply reads:
Chauvel asked for clarification from Allenby after receiving Macandrew's message. Allenby changed his mind, approving the advance to Aleppo on 21 October 1918.
The retreating Yildirim Army Group had blown up the bridge over the Orontes River at Er Rastan north of Homs. The 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade (5th Cavalry Division) with the 5th Field Squadron R. E. arrived to repair the span of the bridge on 19 October. Repairs were complete by 06:00 on 21 October and by that afternoon the 5th Cavalry Division's headquarters, the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade (less the Hyderabad Lancers on the lines of communication south of Damascus) and the armoured cars arrived at Hama.
Pursuit continues towards Aleppo.
Column "A" of Macandrew's 5th Cavalry Division continued the pursuit on 21 October to reach north of Hama.
The armoured cars conducted an extended reconnaissance on 22 October to reach Ma'arit el Na'aman, away at noon without sighting the enemy. They continued their journey another towards Aleppo to arrive near Khan Sebil, north of Hama and half way to Aleppo, at 14:30. Here "they sighted some enemy armoured cars and armed motor lorries." A running battle was fought between the mobile forces of one German armoured car and six lorries and the 5th Cavalry Division's armoured cars. The "German armoured car, two armed lorries, and thirty–seven prisoners" were subsequently captured.
The 5th Cavalry Division's armoured cars eventually reached Zor Defai from Hama and only south of Aleppo, in the late afternoon of 22 October before they turned back to just north of Khan Seraikin, where they bivouaced at Seraqab from Khan es Sebil and from Aleppo. The 15th (Imperial Service) Cavalry Brigade reached Khan Shaikhun late in the afternoon of 22 October.
Air support.
Bristol Fighters of No. 1 Squadron moved their base forward from Ramleh to Haifa and by mid October were required to patrol and reconnoitre an exceptionally wide area of country, sometimes between , flying over Rayak, Homs, Beirut, Tripoli, Hama, Aleppo, Killis and Alexandretta in support of the pursuit by the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade and the armoured cars of Desert Mounted Corps.
They conducted aerial reconnaissances and bombing raids, bombing the German aerodromes at Rayak on 2 October where 32 German machines, were seen three hours later by two Bristol Fighters to have been abandoned or burnt. On 9 October five Bristol Fighters attacked with bombs and machine–guns, troops getting on trains at Homs railway station. A similar attack took place on 16 October when trains at Hama station were the target. On 19 October the first German aircraft seen in the air since the aerial fighting over Deraa, a D.F.W. two–seater was forced to land. The aircraft was destroyed on the ground by firing a Very light into the aircraft after the German pilot and observer had moved to safety. The Mouslimie railway junction of the Baghdad and Palestine railways north of Aleppo, was bombed on 23 October and at noon five Australian aircraft bombed the city and Aleppo railway station.
Sherifial Force captures Aleppo.
The ancient city of Aleppo, which had been incorporated into the Ottoman Empire in 1516 with a population by the beginning of the First World War of 150,000, is north of Damascus and a few miles south of the strategically important railway junction of the Palestine and the Mesopotamian railway systems at Mouslimie Junction. Mustapha Kemal commander of the Seventh Army and Nehed Pasha commander of the Second Army organised the 6,000 to 7,000 soldiers to defend Aleppo.
When the armoured cars attached to the 5th Cavalry Division reached the southern defences on 23 October, the commander of the 7th Light Car Patrol under a flag of truce demanded Mustapha Kemal surrender Aleppo, which was rejected.
While an attack was planned by the commander of the armoured cars to take place on 26 October, Sherifial forces commanded by Colonel Nuri Bey and Sherif Nasir following an unsuccessful daylight attack on 25 October proceed that night with a successful attack. They captured Aleppo after fierce hand to hand fighting through the city streets which lasted most of the night.
Advance to Haritan.
After the capture of Aleppo, the remnant of the Seventh Army commanded by Mustapha Kemal which had withdrawn from Damascus, was now deployed to the north and northwest of that city. The Second Army of about 16,000 armed troops commanded by Nihad Pasha was deployed to the west in Cilicia and the Sixth Army with another 16,000 armed troops commanded by Ali Ihsan which had been withdrawn from Mesopotamia was to the northeast around Nusaybin. These Ottoman forces grossly outnumbered the 15th Imperial Service Brigade.
However, on 26 October the Jodhpore and Mysore lancer regiments of the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade without artillery support, but with a subsection of the 15th Machine Gun Squadron, as part of Macandrew's preempted attack on Aleppo, advanced over a ridge to the west of the city to cut the Alexandretta road. They continued their advance north west of Aleppo towards Haritan.
A strong Ottoman column was seen retiring north of Aleppo along the Alexandretta road by the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade. The Mysore Lancers advanced at the charge; three squadrons in line of squadron columns, the fourth squadron in support to capture a rearguard position held by 150 Ottoman soldiers armed with rifles and artillery. About 50 survived and 20 were taken prisoner. The Jodhpur and Mysore Lancers made a second unsuccessful charge after the position had been strong reinforced by as many as 2,000 soldiers commanded by Mustapha Kemal. Fighting continued throughout the day until at about 23:00 when the 14th Cavalry Brigade (5th Cavalry Division) arrived and the Ottoman force withdrew ending the last engagement of the war in the Middle East.
During the 38 days between 19 September and 28 October, the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade had ridden and the 5th Cavalry Division had fought six actions, with the loss of 21 percent of its horses.
5th Cavalry Division operations.
While the 15th Imperial Service Cavalry Brigade withdrew to the Aleppo area, the remainder of the 5th Cavalry Division; the 14th Cavalry Brigade which had arrived at 23:00 on 26 October and the 13th Cavalry Brigade conducted a reconnaissance on 27 October when a rearguard position was encountered north of Haritan. The next day armoured cars reported the rearguard had withdrawn to Deir el Jemal. On 29 October Sherifial Arabs occupied Muslimiya Station; the junction of the Baghdad and Palestine railways, cutting communications between Constantinople and Mesopotamia, ending Ottoman control of of territory. By 30 October the rearguard position at Deir el Jemal had not withdrawn and to the north a new long defensive line, in part crossing the Alexandretta road had been established. This line was defended by a force six times greater than Macandrew's, made up of the newly created XX Corps' 1st and 11th Divisions with between 2,000 and 3,000 soldiers sourced from drafts and a reinforcement of one complete regiment, and the 24th and 43rd Divisions commanded by Mustapha Kemal Pasha who had his headquarters at Katma. The 5th Cavalry Division kept this line under observation while waiting to be reinforced by the Australian Mounted Division.
Australian Mounted Division advance.
The Australian Mounted Division was ordered to advance to reinforce Macandrew's 5th Cavalry Division at Aleppo. Chauvel ordered Major General H. W. Hodgson's Australian Mounted Division to advance to Aleppo away. The division marched out of Damascus on 27 October riding through Duma and Nebk east of the Anti-Lebanon range to reach Homs on 1 November; where they learned the war against the Ottoman Empire was finished.
Four regiments of the division, along with the 4th Light Horse Brigade headquarters had been deployed at Kuneitra on the lines of communication since 28 September. The 3rd Light Horse Brigade had been deployed in the Damascus area along with the 4th and 12th Light Horse Regiments on guard duty. The 10th Light Horse Regiment had been deployed to Kaukab and placed in charge of the prisoner of war camp there until 30 October when they too moved out for Homs.
The advance of the Australian Mounted Division began on 25 October when the garrison at Kuneitra moved out leaving the Hyderabad Lancers to continue guard duties. They joined the division at El Mezze at 15:30 on 26 October when the 4th and 12th Light Horse Regiments rejoined their 4th Light Horse Brigade. The ration strength of the division on 26 October was 4,295 soldiers. Orders to advance to Homs were received on 27 October and they left Damascus the next day.
After reveille at 05:00 the 12th Light Horse Regiment marched out at 10:30 on 28 October to join the 4th Light Horse Brigade at 12:00 before marching through Damascus to Khan Kussier where they arrived at 17:00. After reveille at 05:30 and watering at 07:00 on 29 October, the march resumed at 09:00 arriving at Kuteife at 13:15 to bivouac. After reveille at 04:00 the march was resumed at 06:00 on 30 October, arriving at Kustul at 12:00 where they halted 1 hour and 15 minutes before proceeding on to Nebk where they arrived at 15:55 and bivouaced for the night. At 07:45 on 31 October the march was resumed, arriving at Kara at 11:30 where they lunched and the horses were watered before resuming the march at 13:15 to arrive at Hassie at 19:00 to bivouac for five hours. At 23:00 the march was resumed to Homs where they arrived at 08:30 on 1 November 1918 "all weary & tired." The 12th Light Horse Regiment suffered 58 casualties during this advance. The 4th Light Horse Brigade evacuated 60 soldiers to the 4th Light Horse Field Ambulance during the march from Damascus to Homs.
They had ridden in four days to reach the small village of Jendar south of Homs at 21:00 on 31 October, or near Hasi at 16:00 on 31 October, when Hodgson received news of the armistice by wireless. The armistice was concluded on 31 October "three years almost to a day since Turkey had entered the war," and "a year to the day after the charge at Beersheba." As there was no water in the area the Australian Mounted Division continued their march to arrive at Homs at 08:00 on 1 November having ridden during their last advance.
On 3 November the Armistice with the Austria-Hungarian Empire was concluded and the Australian Mounted Division (less the 5th Light Horse Brigade which remained at Homs) began their last ride. The rode from Homs to Tripoli on the Mediterranean coast, where they remained until being shipped back to Egypt at the end of February 1919. The 4th Light Horse Brigade was still at Homs the next day when Chauvel visited their camp and inspected the men and horses.
Aftermath.
General Wavell's figures of 75,000 prisoners and 360 guns captured by the EEF between 18 September and 31 October were also quoted in the Turkish official history of the campaign. In 38 days of fighting of Ottoman Empire territory had been occupied by the EEF along with more than 100,000 prisoners and unknown casualties.
"The thoroughness of the Turkish defeat is almost without a parallel in modern military history." This successful campaign resulted from "careful planning and bold execution. Combined and coordinated use of artillery, infantry, the RAF and cavalry were all essential aspects of the plan. However, what transformed the battle from a successful penetration of the 8th Turkish army's front into a great battle of annihilation that ended in the total destruction of three armies was the adroit and bold use of cavalry ... by two cavalry generals, Allenby and Chauvel."
The EEF had suffered the loss of 782 killed and 4,179 wounded soldiers. Between 19 September and 31 October the casualties totalled 5,666; Desert Mounted Corps suffering 650 of these. The total battle casualties of the Suez Canal, the Sinai, the Levant and the Jordan campaigns; from January 1915 totalled 51,451.
Tuesday 16 December was selected as a day of thanksgiving for victory throughout the EEF when religious services were held during the morning with games and sports organised for the afternoon.
Yildirim Army Group.
Liman von Sanders was recalled to Constantinople on 30 October when Ahmet Izzet Pasa, the Ottoman Minister of War appointed Mustafa Kemal Pasa to command the Yildirim Army Group headquartered at Adana. Here Mustafa Kemal began to plan the defense of Anatolia with the Ottoman Army still "in the field."
The force Mustapha Kemal commanded "would have met the fate of the rest within a few weeks, when a frontal attack would have been combined with a landing at Alexandretta." It was saved by the Armistice.
Armistice.
These enormous losses and the threat from the EEF were not alone responsible for the armistice; General Milne's army was advancing towards Thrace and Constantinople to threaten Anatolia; "the Salonika beachhead created a strategic crisis for which there was no answer."
The Ottoman Empire's highest–ranking British prisoner, Major General Townshend, was sent to Lesbos where he announced the Ottoman's "intention to seek an armistice." Negotiations took place at Mudros and the "armistice was signed on the deck of the battleship Agamemnon on October 30, 1918."
"We parked outside the lights of Baalbek ... The news of the Turkish Armistice, beginning this midday, had just come through. I think the dinner was a sort of thanksgiving meal. There was most excellent good soup, a roast pigeon each, some sweets and savoury, and flagon after flagon of cocoa – good for this nipping and eager air, for this is the opening of winter. The alternative to this had been bully beef and jam.
Chauvel was in Aleppo when the armistice with the Ottoman Empire was announced. Eleven days later the "Great War was over."
Implementation of the armistice.
There are other views of the armistice and its implementation:
The terms of the Armistice required the Ottoman Empire:
Chauvel, from his GHQ at Homs recommended the removal of Mustapha Kemal who subsequently lost command of the Seventh Army.
No. 1 Squadron AFC.
After the armistice No. 1 Squadron AFC moved back to Ramleh in December 1918 and Kantara in February 1919.
On 19 February Allenby addressed the squadron:
Occupation.
"The success of the Allied campaign in the Middle East between 1914 and 1918, which helped to bring down an empire, was never matched by its political outcomes."
On 23 October Allenby reported to the War Office that he had appointed Major General Sir A. W. Money chief British administrator of Palestine, the Occupied Enemy Territory South, Colonel de Piépape to administer the future French Zone Occupied Enemy Territory North and General Ali Pasha el Rikabi to administer the Occupied Enemy Territory East. Northforce commanded by Major General Barrow and consisting of the 4th and 5th Cavalry Divisions and two divisions of infantry took over administration of the captured territory. They garrisoned places up the coast to Smyrna, and administered the Baghdad Railway from Constantinople to the railhead east of Nisibin in Mesopotamia until the administration of northern Syria was given to the French.
Allenby was informed on 27 October that he was to be the sole intermediary on political and administrative questions to do with the Arab Government.
Wingate wrote to Allenby on 2 November:
The objectives of peace in the region were declared on 7 November 1918: "The goal aimed at by France and Great Britain in their conduct in the East of a war unchained by German ambition is the complete and definite freedom of the peoples so long oppressed by the Turks, and the establishment of national governments and administrations deriving their authority from the initiative and free choice of the native population."
At Versailles, however, France demanded the enforcement of the Sykes-Picot Agreement and the Arab zone was divided in two; the southern portion became the Transjordan with French Syria in the north. "In Palestine it became clear that the price of a permanent imperial presence was likely to be high, as violence flared soon after the end of the war."
Anti–British and anti–Armenian demonstrations led Allenby to order Chauvel to occupy the towns of Marash, Urfa, Killis and Aintab and dismiss the Ottoman commander of the Sixth Army, Ali Ihsan. To carry out these orders required Desert Mounted Corps to move to Aleppo and be reinforced by an infantry brigade, but there was some delay in the remainder of the 4th and 5th Cavalry Divisions moving north and Allenby "went to Constantinople by battleship, interviewed the Turkish ministers for Foreign Affairs and the Army and demanded the acceptance of his conditions and the removal of Ali Ihsan without discussion ... his terms were accepted."
"The conflicting claims of Jews and Arabs eventually led to the development of open warfare between them in 1937 and was to lead to the ending of the British mandate in 1948. The territorial claims of the two groups still remain unreconciled and their relationship continues to be characterized by sporadic violence and discord."

</doc>
<doc id="36717548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717548" title="List of programs broadcast by MundoFox">
List of programs broadcast by MundoFox

The following is a list of programs broadcast on MundoFox, a Spanish-language broadcast television network that is aimed at adults between the ages of 18 and 34 years old, and is owned by the Fox International Channels unit of News Corporation. The network soft-launched on August 1, 2012 and officially debuted on August 13, 2012.
Current programming.
Original Teleseries.
"Programming produced by Fox Telecolombia for MundoFox"
Former programming.
"Some of the programs listed are in reruns after their first airing".

</doc>
<doc id="36717549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717549" title="List of dams and reservoirs in Missouri">
List of dams and reservoirs in Missouri

Following is a list of dams and reservoirs in Missouri. 
All major dams are linked below. The National Inventory of Dams defines any "major dam" as being tall with a storage capacity of at least , or of any height with a storage capacity of .

</doc>
<doc id="36717557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717557" title="John Wright (rugby league)">
John Wright (rugby league)

John Wright is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in the 1975 World Cup.
Playing career.
In 1973 Wright toured New South Wales with an Auckland under-23 side. He played for the Otahuhu Leopards in the Auckland Rugby League competition.
He was selected for the New Zealand Kiwis squad for the 1975 World Cup and was part of their 1978 tour of Australia and Papua New Guinea. However, he did not play a test match.He also loves Maynards wine gums and red wine.

</doc>
<doc id="36717592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717592" title="Murray Wright">
Murray Wright

Murray Wright is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in the 1975 World Cup.
Playing career.
Wright played for Otahuhu and played for Auckland. He was selected for the New Zealand Kiwis squad for the 1975 World Cup, but did not play a match at the tournament.
In 1976 Wright moved to Christchurch, joining the Hornby club and representing Canterbury. The New Zealand Rugby League imposed a $1000 transfer fee.

</doc>
<doc id="36717598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717598" title="EFLU Malappuram Campus">
EFLU Malappuram Campus

The English and Foreign Languages University (EFLU), formerly the Central Institute of English and Foreign Languages CIEFL is going to set up the fourth full full-fledged campus at Malappuram in Kerala in 2013-14 academic year.
History.
The university set up in 1958 as the Central Institute of English. In April 1972, the Institute broadened its scope to include the major foreign languages, and was renamed the Central Institute of English and Foreign Languages. In recognition of its high standards of excellence, the University Grants Commission accorded it the status of a deemed university in July 1973. This was CIEFL.
The English and Foreign Languages University is a Central University that was created by an Act of the Indian Parliament in December 2006. The Act came into force on August 3, 2007. The EFL University will build upon the achievements of CIEFL, and significantly expand its activities on the national and global stage. Its mandate is to advance and disseminate “instructional, research and extension facilities in the teaching of English and Foreign Languages and Literatures in India” as well as “to take appropriate measures for interdisciplinary studies and research in Literary and Cultural Studies, and to develop critical intercultural understanding of civilizations.” The university is committed to the principles of inclusive and cosmopolitan growth.
Kerala Government has granted 75 acres of land at Edu-Health City campus Panakkad, Malappuram for (EFLU) English and Foreign Languages University Malappuram Campus.
A team headed by Board of Research Studies chairman Professor P. Madhavan, Associate Professor C. Vipin Kumar, and District Collector M.C. Mohandas visited the proposed site at Edu-Health City campus in Panakkad and submitted its report to the Vice Chancellor of the university, Prof. Sunaina Singh on June 1, 2012. The report says that the land acquired at Panakkad, is the most suitable one for building the EFLU Campus in Kerala.
Education Minister P. K. Abdu Rabb handed over the documents of EFLU land to Punnappurath Madhavan, EFLU Dean of Research and Officer on Special Duty for Academic Affairs on 10th March 2013. Dr. PP Mohammed was appointed as OSD on 9th April 2013.
Academic Programmes.
EFLU Malappuram Campus offers a flash course in English "Postgraduate Diploma in the Teaching of English (PGDTE)",in 2013-14 academic year.
The academic programmes proposed for the Malappuram campus include BA in English and foreign languages and journalism and mass communication; B.Ed. and M.Ed. (English language). Subsequently, M.Phil. and Ph.D. in education; training programmes for school and college teachers (English); PGDT of English/ Arabic; M.Phil. in all disciplines; Ph.D. in all disciplines; short-term need-based proficiency courses in English and foreign languages for Indian learners; short-term need-based proficiency courses in English and foreign languages for foreign learners; and degree programmes in English and other subjects for foreign students coming from non-English-speaking countries, will be offered.
It will initiate some new programmes, which include BA programmes in English (face-to-face mode), linguistics, English literature, literary and cultural studies and teaching English as a second language; BA programmes in foreign languages (face-to-face mode, Arabic, French, German, Italian, Russian, Spanish and possibly Chinese); e-Master (online MA and M.Phil.) programmes in French, German, Russian and so on; MA in media, journalism and communication; MA in film studies; courses in language management studies; and multimedia packages for professionals.
Land inspection committee
Establishment of New Campus/es of the University.
Ordinance 2.14:
References.
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/eflu-campus-educity-launched/article4496001.ece
http://www.thehindu.com/education/college-and-university/article3827109.ece
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/article3482213.ece
http://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2012-06-02/news/31982909_1_foreign-languages-university-eflu-kerala-campus
http://twocircles.net/2012jul08/eflu_malappuram_construction_work_start_within_month.html
http://www.facebook.com/centraluniversity
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/article2786786.ece
http://www.indiaeducationreview.com/news/eflu-have-campus-malappuram-kerala
http://education.mathrubhumi.com/php/news_events_details.php?nid=12494
https://maps.google.co.in/maps?ie=UTF8&cid=9217519819909666653&q=EFLU+Malappuram+Campus&iwloc=A&gl=IN&hl=en_uk
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbdw_F3-OPk
http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/tp-kerala/minister-visits-eflu-panakkad-campus-site/article4251502.ece

</doc>
<doc id="36717620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717620" title="App.net">
App.net

App.net is an ad-free online social networking service and microblogging service which enables its users to write messages of up to 256 characters.
App.net provides their own web interface to the service, Alpha, which is used by some users. However, they encourage use and development of third-party applications.
History.
The name 'App.net' was previously used for a service that let app developers showcase their applications. However, on July 13, 2012, Mixed Media Labs announced that App.net would change its purpose to be an ad-free social networking platform. As designed, it is similar to Twitter, but has no advertising, instead relying on user and developer subscriptions. Mixed Media Labs began directly crowd funding, with a goal of $500,000 and about 10,000 backers.
Mixed Media Labs had exceeded the goal by August 13th, 2012, raising at least $750,000 with over 11,000 backers. The service is currently in alpha.
App.net launched annotations on September 1, 2012, allowing applications to attach arbitrary metadata to posts. This is intended to allow more complex features to be built using the App.net infrastructure. On October 1, 2012, App.net started an incentive program. They will divide a $20,000 monthly pool among participating developers based on application usage and user feedback. Mixed Media Labs' goal is to encourage developers to build on the platform.
On November 29, 2012, App.net began a free-trial invitation program. Users can invite a friend to use App.net. If the friend accepts, they can use the service free for a month.
On February 25, 2013, App.net became a freemium service. Users with a paid plan can invite people to get a free tier account with a few limitations.
In May 2013, App.net hit 100,000 users.
On November 21, 2013, App.net announced Broadcast, a way for users of the App.net service to send and receive push notifications about the things they care about. These push notifications are sent through the App.net app on iPhone or Android. As part of the freemium model Broadcast is free to members of the App.net service with channel analytics available to App.net users with a developer-tier account.
On January 25, 2014, App.net launched Backer, described as a way to crowdfund features. The first project to use Backer originated from App.net itself, in which the company asked if they should accept Bitcoin as a form of payment for the paid tiers. Some of the details for Backer are: 
On May 6, 2014, the founders announced that subscription renewals had been so poor that there were no longer funds to retain development staff for App.net and future operations would be on a maintenance-only basis using contractors. 

</doc>
<doc id="36717626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717626" title="Oregon Women of Achievement">
Oregon Women of Achievement

The Oregon Commission for Women established the Oregon Women of Achievement in 1985 to recognize the accomplishments of Oregon women and to demonstrate appreciation for their endeavors. Qualifying candidates to be nominated for the Oregon Women of Achievement are exemplary role models who promote the status of women in society, are committed to diversity and equity and have earned recognition for success and leadership in their fields. , 81 women have been honored by the Oregon Commission for Women.

</doc>
<doc id="36717629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717629" title="Francesco Sfondrati">
Francesco Sfondrati

Francesco Sfondrati (1493–1550) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal and the father of Pope Gregory XIV.
Biography.
Francesco Sfondrati was born in Cremona on October 26, 1493 the son of Cremonan patricians Giovanni Battista Sfrondati and Margherita Homodeo. 
Sfondrati studied Ancient Greek and Latin as a young man and then received a doctorate of law from the University of Pavia. In 1518, he became a professor of public law at the University of Padua. He would later work as a professor at the University of Pavia, the University of Bologna, the Sapienza University of Rome, and the University of Turin. He was a counselor of Charles III, Duke of Savoy and a member of the senate of Turin. In 1527 and 1528, he was "Podestà" of Pavia. He was later a counselor of Francesco II Sforza, joining the senate of Milan in 1530. 
Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor then named Sfondrati to the Aulic Council. He was also Charles V's ambassador to the Duke of Savoy. On October 23, 1537, the emperor made him "Graf" of Riviera di Lecco. He also served as governor of Siena.
Sfondrati was married to Anna Visconti, a member of the House of Visconti. Together, the couple had seven children, including Niccolò Sfondrati, who became Pope Gregory XIV.
Following his wife's death on November 20, 1538, Sfondrati entered the clerical estate. He quickly became a protonotary apostolic "participantium". He also became a Referendary of the Apostolic Signatura.
On October 12, 1543, he was elected Bishop of Sarno. Pope Paul III then despatched Bishop Sfondrati as nuncio to Ferdinand, King of the Romans and the other princes of the Holy Roman Empire to discuss peace with the Kingdom of France and to promote the forthcoming ecumenical council. Sfondrati was promoted to the metropolitan see of Amalfi on October 27, 1544. He then served as nuncio to the Diet of Speyer (1544) to congratulate the emperor on his peace agreement with Francis I of France.
Pope Paul III made him a cardinal priest in the consistory of December 19, 1544. He received the red hat and the titular church of Santi Nereo e Achilleo on March 2, 1545. He also made him a member of the Roman Inquisition.
On February 25, 1547, the pope made Cardinal Sfondrati papal legate to the emperor to discuss plans for dealing with the Kingdom of England following the death of Henry VIII of England. This legation lasted until June 1548. 
On March 23, 1547, he was transferred to the see of Capaccio. He opted for the titular church of Sant'Anastasia on October 10, 1547. On November 9, 1549, he was transferred to the see of Cremona.
He participated in the papal conclave of 1549-50 that elected Pope Julius III. 
He died in Cremona on July 31, 1550. He was buried in Cremona Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="36717632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717632" title="1536 in Norway">
1536 in Norway

Events in the year 1536 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36717634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717634" title="Jean-Marc Savelli">
Jean-Marc Savelli

Jean-Marc Savelli, born in Mulhouse in Alsace (France), is a French pianist.
Known by the general public for his interpretations of works from Franz Liszt and Frederic Chopin, Jean-Marc Savelli also distinguished himself in the classical repertoire with Johann Sebastian Bach and Ludwig van Beethoven, and in the Impressionist repertoire of Claude Debussy.
Biography.
Born in in Mulhouse (France) from an Alsatian mother, Marie-Louise Schreyer, (herself coming by her mother from a family of traveling musicians who performed in Eastern Europe, including infront of the Imperial Court of Russia, before settling in Alsace in the Lower Rhine), and a Corsican father, Gratien Savelli, met on the hazard of the Second World War, who often was singing "lamentus" Corsicans songs as well as other traditional Corsican songs. Established with his wife in Mulhouse, he nevertheless remained nostalgic for his native Corsica.
JM Savelli, soaked in this environment, is registered at the age of 8 years by his parents at the National Conservatory of Music and Dramatic Art of Mulhouse beside Suzanne Muller-Gunst, piano teacher, who had wished, upon JM SAVELLI granting of the first prize at the Conservatoire National de Musique de Mulhouse, that Jean-Marc SAVELLI (first prize that he had obtained at the age of 12 years from a unanimous jury) could continue his studies at the National Conservatory of Music Basel (Switzerland).
Afterwards this is Paris and the Master Pierre Sancan, French pianist, that his parents choose, so that he could continue his musical studies, and prepare to join the Conservatoire National Superieur de Musique in Paris (CNSMD)("Conservatoire de Paris").
He succeeded his entrance exam and entered the class of Monique de La Bruchollerie, French international pianist, whose great career was abruptly stopped following a car accident.
Monique de la Bruchollerie died, it was a cataclysm for all students, especially for Jean-Marc Savelli who was very closed to the personality of his master to whom he will make a final tribute, carrying her coffin with other of her students.
This is Yvonne Lefébure, French international pianist, who took over her formation.
Career.
After a series of concerts in the world, Jean Marc Savelli momentarily has stopped his career but not the piano, for family reasons, but he has continued to practice piano.
It was during this time that he devoted to the influence of music on people, and primarily for those who suffer.
He embodies his research with the help of doctors, by the establishment of an emotional level, usable by anyone other than the musicians.
Since 2012, Jean Marc Savelli prepares his coming back of concerts devoted to Beethoven-Chopin-Liszt. He is expected back on scene in 2013.
Discography.
FREDERIC CHOPIN
SERGHEI RACHMANINOV
FRANZ LISZT
Robert SCHUMANN

</doc>
<doc id="36717655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717655" title="Masque d’Or">
Masque d’Or

The Masque d’Or (Golden Mask) is a prize awarded in France every four years by the "Fédération Nationale des Compagnies de Théâtre amateur et d’Animation" (National Federation of Amateur theatre and Animation Companies) for the best amateur theatre show of the season.
Established in 1982, the "Masque d’Or – Grand Prix" (Grand Prize) is jointly organized by the FNCTA and the Charles Dullin Association in Savoie, France.

</doc>
<doc id="36717660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717660" title="Mohd Aslam Haja Najmudeen">
Mohd Aslam Haja Najmudeen

Aslam Najmudeen (born on Mac 12, 1983) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as defender for Kuala Lumpur FA in the Malaysia Premier League. He is currently joins Kelantan FA on loan to compete in the 2012 Malaysia Cup as his team was not qualified.
Career.
Aslam Najmudeen had played for PKNS FC and helps his team won the 2011 Malaysia Premier League season. Then, he left the club and joins Kuala Lumpur FA which competing in the 2012 Malaysia Super League. He was selected as the captain for his team but the team was relegated from Malaysia Super League after finishing the season in the last place of the 14-team league table.
He also makes debut in AFC Cup Quarter-finals for Kelantan FA but his team was hammered 5-1 by Arbil SC.
For 2013 Malaysia Super League season, he decided to sign a one-year contract with PBDKT T-Team FC.

</doc>
<doc id="36717667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717667" title="Wei Chen-yang">
Wei Chen-yang

Wei Chen-Yang (born 23 February 1992 in Nantou County) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the 58 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics; he defeated Le Huynh Chau in the preliminary round and was eliminated by Alexey Denisenko in the quarterfinal.

</doc>
<doc id="36717688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717688" title="Zoi Mafalda Marques de Lima">
Zoi Mafalda Marques de Lima

Zoi Mafalda Marques de Lima (born 7 October 1991, Toronto, Canada) is a Portuguese gymnast. She competed for Portugal at the 2012 Summer Olympics, finishing at rank 53 in the women's artistic qualification with a score of 49.631 on 29 July.

</doc>
<doc id="36717690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717690" title="Barney Ruditsky">
Barney Ruditsky

Barnett "Barney" P. Ruditsky (December 25, 1898 – October 18, 1962) was a British-born American police officer and private detective.
Ruditsky was born in 1898 in London, England. He arrived in New York City with his family at age 10 and later served in the United States Army during the Pancho Villa Expedition and World War I. Returning to New York, he joined the New York City Police Department (NYPD) in 1921. During his 20-year career on the force Ruditsky was among the NYPD's prominent "celebrity detectives" of the 1920s and 1930s. Ruditsky was associated with many criminal cases during this period, most notably, ending with the break up of Murder Incorporated in 1940. Years later, he was called to testify before the Kefauver hearings due to his knowledge of the criminal underworld in Southern California and Las Vegas.
Following his retirement from the NYPD in 1941, Ruditsky moved to Los Angeles, California where he became a private investigator and nightclub owner. His later career as a private eye in Hollywood aroused controversy due to his association with gangland figures such as Mickey Cohen and Bugsy Siegel as well as his investigation of film star Marilyn Monroe, the latter resulting in the infamous "Wrong Door Raid" in 1954. Ruditsky also served as a technical advisor on a series of crime films for 20th Century Fox in the mid-1940s and eventually became involved in creating "The Lawless Years" (1959–61), a television series loosely based on his time as a NYPD police detective during Prohibition.
Early life.
Barnett P. Ruditsky was born in London, England on December 25, 1898. He was the son of Blooma (née Marin) and Phillip Ruditsky, a boot finisher. His family lived in South Africa for a time before returning to England. In 1908, the Ruditsky family emigrated to the United States and settled on the East Side of Manhattan. At the age of 18, Ruditsky enlisted in the United States Army and saw active service during the 1916 U.S. expedition into Mexico and on the Western Front during the First World War.
Career in the NYPD.
Upon his return from France, Ruditsky joined New York City Police Department (NYPD), officially becoming a patrolman in 1921. The young officer soon made a name for himself when, in August 1923, he subdued a much larger man using his nightstick and was praised by both Magistrate Henry M. R. Goodman and the "New York Times" for the arrest. Ruditsky was made a detective the following year in the gangster-industrial squad, headed by Detective Johnny Broderick. The two men would eventually become one of the Broadway Squad's leading detectives during Prohibition.
On the night of February 21, 1926, he and his wife Mollie stopped the robbery of a confectionery store near their home on Pennsylvania Avenue in Brooklyn. The two were returning from celebrating their wedding anniversary at a theatre and supper club when they noticed the hold-up taking place. Ruditsky managed to overpower one of the robbers, took his gun, and handed it to his wife while he chased down the second robber. Mollie held the first robber at bay while Ruditsky apprehended his accomplice a block and a half away. He then took both men to the nearby Brownsville Police Station. Six months after this incident Ruditsky was promoted to second-grade detective.
In 1928, Ruditsky and fellow detective Harry Hagen disguised themselves as customers in a Turkish bathhouse on Second Street, a known underworld hangout, where they successfully captured the notorious "Poison Ivy" gang. Similarly, he arrested members of the "Pear Buttons" of West Side Manhattan. It was these cases which first gained Ruditsky fame as a detective.
By the end of the decade Ruditsky and other detectives had earned a sort of celebrity status as "tough-fisted cops", described by the "New York Times" as "slight of build, but utterly fearless, who, together or separately, battled and beat many an oversized gangster". The exploits of the Ruditsky, Broderick and other detectives were frequently featured in crime magazines and newspapers as they took on such underworld figures as Jack "Legs" Diamond and Dutch Schultz. Ruditsky himself personally arrested Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel and Abe "Kid Twist" Reles at various points in his career and investigated Louis Buchalter's infamous "Murder, Inc." during the 1930s. Years later, Ruditsky told Senator Estes Kefauver at the hearings on organized crime that he had been "threatened a thousand times ... but I got around them pretty good; nobody got back at me."
Ruditsky was among the 300-man police squad called into action when 2,000 Communist protesters threatened New York City Hall on January 30, 1931. It was the largest force ever assembled to protect City Hall. When the protesters began attack the police, several officers were isolated by the mob and beaten, Ruditsky being among them until he was saved by a fellow officer. In November 1935, Ruditsky was involved in the pursuit of three hold-up men who had robbed nightclub entertainer Frances Faye and her escort Joseph Eichenbaum. The high speed chase began after he commandeered a car and, with detective Thomas Aulbach, followed them until the would-be thieves crashed their car into an elevated pillar at Ninth Avenue and 63rd Street. He chased one of the men on foot and captured him following a shootout. He was presented with the NYPD Combat Cross, the NYPD's second-highest honor, for his actions.
Ruditsky was also assigned to crowd control for the police guarding child star Shirley Temple during her 1938 visit to New York City; the two met again in Hollywood ten years later, when Ruditsky offered to take the young woman along for the police raid that saw actor Robert Mitchum arrested in a "marijuana bust". Temple was tempted but declined the offer. One celebrity with whom he enjoyed a close friendship was musician and big band leader Charlie Barnet. In his autobiography, "Those Swinging Years" (1992), Barnet described a road trip with Ruditsky:
In 1939, Ruditsky was enmeshed in a bribery scandal stemming from his in the Industrial Squad, which disbanded in 1933. A former Communist, Maurice L. Malkin, accused Ruditsky, Broderick and other officers of corruption in testimony before the House Un-American Activities Committee. Malkin testified that the furriers union, which was controlled by Communists, borrowed $1.75 million from racketeer Arnold Rothstein to finance a 1926 strike, and that $110,000 of that went to members of the Industrial Squad, including Ruditsky. No action was taken against the officers. Similar charges had been made in 1927 by the American Federation of Labor, and the officers were exonerated.
Private Eye in Hollywood.
On October 19, 1941, after twenty years with the NYPD, Ruditsky retired from the force. Shortly after the US entered the Second World War less than two months later, he reenlisted in the United States Army. He was sent to the North African theatre and served as a guard for prisoners of war until being wounded by shrapnel in 1943. While in the military, Ruditsky completed his memoirs, largely about his career in the NYPD, entitled "Angel's Corner".
At the end of the war, Ruditsky moved out to Los Angeles, where he opened a private detective firm and a small liquor store and became co-owner of a Sunset Strip nightclub called Sherry's. He was also employed by 20th Century Fox as a technical advisor (and occasional actor) on a series of crime films during the mid-1940s; these included "film noirs" such as Otto Brower's "Margin for Error" (1943) and "Behind Green Lights" (1946), and Edwin L. Marin's "Nocturne" (1946); Ruditsky also spearheaded a Hollywood-based organization to "take the kids off the streets" in an effort to discourage juvenile delinquency. His business ventures brought him into contact with figures in the entertainment industry, law enforcement, and organized crime.
Association with gangland figures.
Despite his reputation in the NYPD, Ruditsky had a poor relationship with the Los Angeles Police Department. The LAPD claimed that his detective agency, the Associated Security Council, collected on bad gambling debts owed to various Las Vegas casinos such as The El Rancho and the Nevada Biltmore; among his clients was one-time nemesis Bugsy Siegel, who now owned the Flamingo and allegedly discussed the underworld financing of the casino with Ruditsky. When Siegel was murdered in 1947, Ruditsky offered his theories to Los Angeles detectives regarding the gangland slaying; a state report by the "Special Crime Study Commission on Organized Crime" stated that Ruditsky was at the crime scene even before police arrived. The details of this meeting were subsequently leaked to syndicated columnist Westbrook Pegler, who exposed Ruditsky's relationship with Siegel, and his image as "a squeaky clean New York cop" was called into question.
Ruditsky's nightclub, according to the LAPD, was also a popular hangout for local underworld figures. On at least one occasion he contacted New York mobster Frank Costello, known as "Prime Minister of the Underworld", to assist him in getting a certain type of liquor for his club. Ruditsky routinely checked the street and parking lot for the safety of patrons. In July 1949, Mickey Cohen, a regular at Sherry's, was attacked outside the club and shot in the shoulder in an attempted mob hit. In the aftermath of the attack Ruditsky assisted crime reporter Florabel Muir in searching the area, where they discovered "spent shells and half-eaten sardine sandwiches" on a nearby flight of cement stairs. The next year, Ruditsky was called to testify before the televised Kefauver hearings to discuss his knowledge of organized crime. He specifically shared details about Mickey Cohen and Bugsy Siegel, and described the erratic behavior of Virginia Hill, calling her "psychopathic"; however, he distanced himself from suggestions that he had "improper ties" with the local underworld.
Marilyn Monroe and the Wrong Door Raid.
Though it enjoyed the status of being "Hollywood's most popular detective agency", Ruditsky's firm continued to be linked to questionable activities. In 1954, baseball player Joe DiMaggio, then in the midst of divorce proceedings with film star Marilyn Monroe, hired Ruditsky to discover whether she was having an extramarital affair.
On the evening of November 5, 1954, one of Ruditsky's associates, 21-year-old Phil Irwin, observed Monroe's Cadillac parked at Kilkea Drive and Waring Avenue. Monroe was visiting a friend, actress Sheila Stewart; however, DiMaggio suspected at the time that Monroe was having an affair with her vocal coach Hal Schaefer and that Stewart, one of Schaefer's students, was letting the two use her apartment. Irwin reported to Ruditsky, who phoned DiMaggio, who was dining with Frank Sinatra at an Italian restaurant in Hollywood, the Villa Capri. DiMaggio and Sinatra, along with Sinatra's manager Henry Sanicola and Villa Capri owner Pasquale "Patsy" D'Amore, arrived at the address less than an hour later, where they met with Ruditsky and Irwin. Together, the group entered the two-story apartment building, broke down the door of one of the three rooms, and rushed into the bedroom with a cameraman expecting to catch the couple in bed. Instead, the lights from the flash camera revealed the frightened occupant, 37-year-old secretary Florence Kotz Ross. Realizing their mistake, they quickly fled from the building. The police were called; however, because Kotz Ross was unable to identify the intruders, the case, then thought to be an attempted burglary, remained unsolved and was finally closed by the LAPD almost a year later.
The entire incident came out in the September 1955 issue of "Confidential", which called it the "Wrong Door Raid"; it became a legendary story in Hollywood gossip and caused embarrassment for all parties involved. After the story broke, Kotz Ross sued DiMaggio and Sinatra for $200,000; they settled out of court. Two years later, the incident was revisited by a state legislative committee as part of its investigation of the "Hollywood gutter press". Shortly thereafter, California Attorney General Pat Brown brought a criminal libel suit against "Confidential". Ruditsky, who was then suffering from heart problems and whose second wife, Reggie, had recently died, was excused from testifying before the investigative committee. The negative publicity created by the "Wrong Door Raid", and the discovery that his detective firm did not have a state license, seriously harmed his reputation. Ruditsky subsequently retired as a P.I., later commenting: "rivate detective work is a dirty, filthy, rotten business".
Later years and death.
Though his detective career had ended in scandal, Ruditsky managed to redeem himself though his literary efforts by the late 1950s. After a decade of negotiations, an agreement was made with the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) to create a television series based on his unpublished memoirs. In 1959, "The Lawless Years", a half-hour weekly series based on Ruditsky's "Angel's Corner", debuted on NBC with Ruditsky being portrayed by James Gregory. Ruditsky himself served as technical adviser on the series, which was widely praised for its attention to detail. He was also a part-time casting director and contacted old criminal associates to portray criminals in the series. His only condition for working on the series was that his stories be kept as accurate and realistic as possible. Although the producers did not show the more graphic details from "Angel's Corner", such as the use of ice picks and hot pokers, the events seen on each episode were generally a faithful depiction of Prohibition-era gangland violence. "The Lawless Years" ran during the summer television season for three years before being canceled in 1961. The show was the first of its kind and inspired the creation of its ABC network rival, the long-running series "The Untouchables", based on Eliot Ness's exploits against Al Capone and the Chicago underworld.
Ruditsky died in Los Angeles from a heart attack on October 19, 1962, only nine days after being admitted to Cedars of Lebanon Hospital for surgery to remove a tumor from his colon.
In popular fiction.
Barney Ruditsky, a popular police detective in his lifetime, has been portrayed in television, books and comics.

</doc>
<doc id="36717703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717703" title="Diego García (taekwondo)">
Diego García (taekwondo)

Diego García de Leon (born 2 February 1990 in Mexico City) is a Mexican taekwondo practitioner. He competed in the 58 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics and was eliminated in the preliminary round by Safwan Khalil.

</doc>
<doc id="36717714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717714" title="Miner's apron">
Miner's apron

The miner's apron (, "Bergleder" or "Fahrleder") is part of the clothing worn, especially historically, by miners in the mining industries of German-speaking Europe. Variously called in English a miner's apron, a miner's after-apron, breech leather or miner's leather apron, it was a leather apron that served to keep the seat of the trousers from wearing out when working or moving around the mine ("Fahrung") as well as keeping out the cold and moisture when sitting. It also provided protection especially when entering inclined mineshafts. Another advantage was that it stabilised the internal organs from mechanical shock and vibration by acting as a sort of kidney belt. The miner's apron was a triangular or, more rarely, semi-circular piece of leather and was supported by the body belt. In Germany the design of the modern miner's apron is governed by DIN standard 23307 "Gesäßleder für den Bergbau (Arschleder)".
History.
The mining apron was introduced to German mining regions in the 15th century from the Slovakian mining area around Schemnitz (Banská Štiavnica). Early illustrations of it are found on the title page of the "Little Mining Book" ("Bergbüchlein") by Ulrich Rülein von Calw (1505) and on the miner's altar of St. Anne's Church in Annaberg (1521). Georgius Agricola wrote in this book "De re metallica" (1556):
Permission to wear the miner's apron was only granted to miners and mining officials. Analogous to the hammer and chisel, it represented a unifying symbol of miners' status. Later, it was also worn outside work in decorative styles as part of the miner's uniform ("Berghabit") or parade uniform ("Paradeuniform") for miners' parades ("Bergparaden"). In events connected with mining customs, this device is also used for the so-called "leather jump" ("Ledersprung"), a form of miners' initiation ceremony in Austria.
Folk art and music.
The apron of the miner is incorporated into the design of the wooden smoking figurines and nutcrackers made in the Ore Mountains. It has also made its way into the mining songs. Thus we read in the last stanza of the version of the mine foremen's song ("Steigerlied") sung in the Ruhr and Saar: 
Similar uses.
In stunt kite flying the leather apron is used especially in power kiting or kite surfing using powered kites. The pilot sits on a leather apron that protects the seat of his trousers and is hauled by the kite over rough ground (e.g., pastureland).

</doc>
<doc id="36717721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717721" title="Fleeting Beauty">
Fleeting Beauty

Fleeting Beauty is a 2004 Independent short film directed by Virginia Pitts, a lecturer of Waikato University. The film stars Nandita Das and Will Wallace in the lead. The film is about the story of an immigrant Indian woman and her white lover in New Zealand. The film attempts to explore the colonial history of the Indian subcontinent.
Plot.
The story is about an Indian immigrant woman who explores the history of Indian Subcontinent through spice routes on her white lover’s back. She narrates him the story supported by lots of facts and figures with a blend of colonial history and spices. In due course of time she ends up with a delicate portrait on her lover’s back before it gets brushed-off in a few minutes.
Production.
The film was jointly produced by Sarina Pearson and Shuchi Kothari—both are lecturers at the Department of film, Television, and Media Studies, University of Auckland. It was also production debut of the latter. Before producing the film she has written screenplays for films produced in New Zealand, United States of America and India. The film, shot completely in New Zealand was rejected by the Film Commission and Creative New Zealand, the national arts development agency of the New Zealand, as they felt it lacked "New Zealand content".
Reception.
The film was premiered at various film festivals like the International Film Festival of Kerala, Valladolid International Film Festival, Festival des Films du Monde (Montreal) and New Zealand International Film Festival in 2004.
The film's screening at the Valladolid International Film Festival helped the producers receive funds from the Film Commission, New Zealand for its post-production work.

</doc>
<doc id="36717726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717726" title="Woods Charter School">
Woods Charter School

Woods Charter School is a charter school in Chatham County, North Carolina.
Founded in 1998 The Woods Charter School is a North Carolina public charter school, serving approximately 500 students from kindergarten through twelfth grade. Consistent with the charter, Woods offers a challenging college and university preparatory academic program with an emphasis on character development. It has a history of academic success both in the State’s ABC testing and in the AP, SAT and ACT exams. The strengths of Woods Charter School include small classes, close student-teacher relationships that provide for individual student attention and a caring school community of students, faculty, and parents.
In 2007, private funding was secured to construct a new school building, and in August 2008, Woods Charter School moved to its current location. Concurrently with the building project, The Woods Charter School Foundation, Inc. was established to raise funds for outfitting the building and meeting the ongoing needs of the school.
The elementary school has approximately 32 students per grade level and average class sizes of 16. Special features of the elementary school include a focus on the Core Knowledge Curriculum, Singapore math, physical education, art, music and French with specialist teachers, regular field trips and outstanding high school students serving as teaching assistants.
The middle school has approximately 40 students per grade level and average class sizes of 12 - 20. Special features of the middle school include advisory groups which foster quality student-teacher relationships, specialized preparation for high school including an opportunity to enroll in some high school classes, differentiation in mathematics, classes in music and art, as well as World language instruction offering French and Spanish.
The high school has approximately 46 students per grade level, with average class sizes of 12-23. Special features of the high school include a single and highly rigorous college prep curriculum based on the UNC minimum requirement guidelines, a range of College Board Advanced Placement courses, elective courses, a Senior Project, a 50-hour community service graduation
requirement, and individualized college counseling through our teacher-student advisory model.
Woods Charter School Board.
The Woods Charter School Company is governed by a Board of Directors. Each year the parents and teachers vote for Board members, who serve two or three year terms on staggered cycles (see bylaws for specific details). The seven elected, voting members of the Board are all parents. Other members of the Board are a teacher representative elected by the full-time staff, a student representative elected by the students, and the principal. A "community" board member may, from time to time, be appointed by the Board; the community board member may or may not be a parent. The Board sets policy and governs the school, while the principal manages the school on a day-to-day basis. 
School Board meetings are regularly scheduled for the third Thursday in the month. The dates for these meetings are available on the school calendar. 
The members of the Board for school year 2013-2014 are: Ms. Deedee Nachman, Chairman; Mr Ben Carter, Vice-Chair; Ms. Katy McReynolds, Secretary; Ms. Janna Deegan, Treasurer; Ms. Anita Jones McNair; Dr Karen Hall; Mr. Gene Galin; Mr. Cotton Bryan, Principal; Ms. Suzanne Sikes, Faculty Representative. 
Officers for the upcoming year are elected and monthly meeting dates are established at the June board meeting each year. 
Athletics at Woods.
Woods belonged to the Central Carolina Athletic League, which consisted of private, charter and Christian schools in the triangle area. The league was founded in 2006-2007 with Woods playing an instrumental part in its formation.
Woods Charter was in the NCHSAA 1-A Independent league during the 2012-2013 school year. In 2013-2014 Woods Charter School became part of the NCHSAA 1-A North Central Athletic Conference (NCAC). The schools in the NCAC are East Wake Academy, Kestrel Heights, Franklin Academy, River Mill, Roxboro Community, Raleigh Charter, Research Triangle, and Voyager Academy.
Fall Sports: Co-Ed Cross Country, Varsity Girls Volleyball, Varsity Boys Soccer, MS Boys Soccer
Winter Sports: Varsity Girls Basketball, Varsity Boys Basketball, Cheerleading, MS Boys Basketball, MS Girls Basketball
Spring Sports: Varsity Girls Soccer, MS Girls Soccer, Ultimate Frisbee, Tennis (club),

</doc>
<doc id="36717731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717731" title="Euro-Mediterranean Association for Cooperation and Development">
Euro-Mediterranean Association for Cooperation and Development

The Euro-Mediterranean Association for Cooperation and Development e.V. (EMA) is a German nonprofit organization that works in the field of development cooperation between Europe, especially Germany, and the countries of the Mediterranean and the Middle East. It is based in Hamburg, with branches in Berlin, Bavaria and North Rhine-Westphalia. The association's aim is to further economic development cooperation and political, cultural and academic exchange between Germany and the countries of Northern African, the Middle East and the Gulf (EMA region).
History.
Following an initiative by a number of politicians and businessmen in Hamburg, the EMA was founded in 2008 with an eye on the Barcelona Process. Since 2013, Mrs. Sailer-Schuster is the EMA's president, and Abdelmajid Layadi has been the association's secretary general. Prince Hassan bin Talal, Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, was named Honorary President in January 2012.
Aims.
The EMA is politically and religiously neutral. The association aims to create business contacts and supports German companies entering markets or expanding their activities to the region. An important factor however is the enhancement of mutual cultural understanding as a foundation for any long-term partnerships or engagements. The objective is to create cooperation projetcs which further sustainable development in the region. To further these aims, the EMA regularly organizes a number of events in Germany and the MENA region which are normally hosted in cooperation with other institutions and under the patronage of high-ranking officials, i.e. Ministers. Further services include a tenders database, country profiles and other information about the countries of the region, which are offered on the association's homepage.
Activities.
Events organized by the EMA include forums about different topics - such as water, the environment or logistics - or which deal with a specific country. In 2011 for example, the Forum for the Maghreb in Berlin united representatives of all Maghreb countries in Germany at the same event for the first time. Furthermore, the association hosts seminars, debates, intercultural training sessions Euro-Med Forums and the Hamburg Cultural Dialogue. Members of the leading EMA-members also take part in discussions about topics related to the region.
Publications.
The EMA regularly published it magazine "Mediterranes" that deals with recent developments in relevant industrial sectors such as water, environmental engineering, logistics or trade, or analyzes politics and diplomady in the region. A wide variety of authors from fields such as science, business and politics is included to maximize readership.
Since 2012, an additional publication has been added for the association's non-German members. A newsletter named "Ouissal" supplies information about past and future projects as well as relevant EMA activities.
Members.
The EMA has more about 120 members, both individuals and businesses, making it one of the biggest country-specific associations in Hamburg. The majority of the businesses are small and medium enterprises from sectors such as waste and water management, finance, and investment as well as logistics and infrastructure. Moreover, the EMA has a number of cooperation agreements with institutions in the EMA region and Germany, such as the Chamber of Commerce of Annaba (Algeria), the Chamber of Commerce of Casablanca (Morocco) as well as the Union des Jeunes Euro-Maghrébins (UJEM).

</doc>
<doc id="36717732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717732" title="Mr. Del">
Mr. Del

Mr. Del, born Delmar Lawrence, is an American Christian hip hop artist and music producer. He is president of the independent record label Dedicated Music Group (DMG)/Universal Records. According to an article published by blackchristiannews.com, Del was formerly a member of the Oscar winning, platinum-selling rap group Three 6 Mafia. However, he was only featured on one song, 'Azz & Tittiez'. He received a Grammy award nomination for Best Rock Gospel Album of the year and 2010 GMA Dove Award nomination for Rap/Hip Hop Album of the year.
His first solo album, "The Future" (EMI Gospel), was released in 2005 and debuted at No. 15 on Billboard’s Gospel Chart. "Hope Dealer", was released in 2007 and peaked at No. 47 on Billboard’s Gospel Chart and featured American jazz musician Kirk Whalum. "Thrilla" (DMG/Universal Records), was released in 2009 and debuted at No. 2 on the Christian R&B/Hip Hop Chart.
Early life and career.
Mr. Del was born Delmar Lawrence in Memphis, TN. He began his music career recording a song with the rap group Three 6 Mafia. After dedicating his life to Christ in 2000, he left the secular rap genre to begin his own ministry and record label.

</doc>
<doc id="36717736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717736" title="Polaris Project Japan">
Polaris Project Japan

Lighthouse: Center for Human Trafficking Victims (Japanese：人身取引被害者サポートセンター　ライトハウス) is a nonprofit organization based in Tokyo, Japan working to eradicate human trafficking and modern day slavery. It is formerly known as "Polaris Project Japan" (Japanese: ポラリスプロジェクトジャパン).
Lighthouse was founded in August 2004 by Shihoko Fujiwara. The following year, Lighthouse established the only nationwide consultation hotline for trafficking victims and those wishing to report possible trafficking activity in Japan. Since then, the consultation hotline has been used as a source of trafficking tips throughout the nation. The hotline provides consultations to about a hundred victims or family members annually.
In addition to maintaining its consultation and tip hotline, the organization also engages in public awareness and advocacy work. In 2011, Lighthouse's Director and Founder Shihoko Fujiwara was named one of the "100 People Remaking Japan" by AERA Magazine and in 2012 she spoke about the Japanese sex trade at the TED@Tokyo Talent search.

</doc>
<doc id="36717755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717755" title="Émile Cotton">
Émile Cotton

Émile Clément Cotton (5 February 1872 – 14 March 1950) was a professor of mathematics at the University of Grenoble. His PhD thesis studied differential geometry in three dimensions, with the introduction of the Cotton tensor. He held the professorship from 1904 until his 1942 retirement. He was the brother of Aimé Cotton.

</doc>
<doc id="36717766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717766" title="Parliamentary delegation">
Parliamentary delegation

A parliamentary delegation (or congressional delegation, also CODEL or codel, in the United States) is an official visit abroad taken by a member or members of a legislature.
To schedule a parliamentary delegation, a member has to apply to the relevant committee chair, who then writes to the appropriate agency requesting funds and support for the trip. Various parliaments and legislatures maintain formal or informal groupings, such as congressional caucuses and all-party parliamentary groups, which maintain regular delegations to and from select countries; the European Parliament also maintains a formal delegation system for regular meetings with national and multinational parliaments.
Parliamentary delegations occur for solidarity, negotiative, research and investigation purposes, but are sometimes the source of controversy and criticism, when seen as "junkets".
In the United States.
A congressional delegation "abroad" is not the same as the congressional delegation "of a state" (or a legislative delegation from a county to a state legislature), which is the entire body of current members elected to both houses of Congress from a specific state.

</doc>
<doc id="36717788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717788" title="John de Foix, 1st Earl of Kendal">
John de Foix, 1st Earl of Kendal

John de Foix (born after 1410 – Castelnau-de-Médoc, 1485) was the Captal de Buch, first Earl of Kendal (Gallicised into ""Comte de Candalle""), Viscount of Castillon and Meilles and Count of Benauges.
John de Foix was a Gascon noble in the service of the English. His parents were Gaston I de Foix-Grailly, captal de Buch (1412–1456), and Margaret of Albret, daughter of Arnaud Amanieu, Lord of Albret, and Margaret of Bourbon (1344–1416). In 1446, like his father before him, he became a Knight in the Order of the Garter. He was sent to France under John Talbot by King Henry VI of England to retake Bordeaux, but was taken prisoner during the Battle of Castillon on 17 July 1453.
The French King Charles VII sent John de Foix to Taillebourg Castle where he was held prisoner by Olivier de Coëtivy, Seneschal of Guyenne. John negotiated his ransom directly with Olivier de Coëtivy and was released on 30 January 1460, after promising to pay 23,850 écus.
When King Charles VII died in July 1461, John de Foix still owned Olivier de Coëtivy 18,000 écus, but the new King Louis XI of France, who profoundly hated everybody who had served his father, forced Olivier de Coëtivy to cancel this debt. Jean de Foix now entered in the service of King Louis XI, and because of this was expelled from the Order of the Garter in 1462.
Marriage and children.
John de Foix married Margaret de la Pole, Countess of Kendal. Her father John was the youngest son of Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of Suffolk, and younger brother of William de la Pole, 1st Duke of Suffolk. They had 4 children :
Through his granddaughter Anne of Foix-Candale, John is an ancestor of many European royals.
References.
Paul Marchegay, "La rançon d'Olivier de Coëtivy, seigneur de Taillebourg et sénéchal de Guyenne, 1451–1477", Bibliothèque de l'École des Chartes, année 1877, volume 38, pages 5-48

</doc>
<doc id="36717806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717806" title="Mohd Afiq Azmi">
Mohd Afiq Azmi

Muhammad Afiq Azmi (born on January 5, 1989) is a Malaysian footballer who plays striker for Selangor FA in the Malaysia Super League. He previously plays for KSK Tambun Tulang FC, Kuala Lumpur FA and Kelantan FA.
Career.
Born in Kangar, Perlis, Afiq played two seasons for Kuala Lumpur FA and was the top scorer for his team. During his loan to Kelantan FA, he delivered outstanding performances in friendly matches before the 2012 Malaysia Cup campaign started. He scored a hat-trick and won 3-0 against Pattani FC and helped his team draw 1-1 against PBDKT T-Team FC.
Afiq came in as a substitution against Terengganu FA replacing Badhri Radzi, but their team lost 0-2. On the second match, he scored 2 goals against Kedah FA. Afiq made his AFC Cup debut against Arbil SC. Afiq fail to score as Kelantan suffered a heavy defeat 5-1.
He had signed one year contract with Selangor FA for 2013 Malaysia Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="36717847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717847" title="Parastremmatic dwarfism">
Parastremmatic dwarfism

Parastremmatic dwarfism is a rare bone disease that features severe dwarfism, thoracic kyphosis (a type of scoliosis that affects the upper back), a distortion and twisting of the limbs, contractures of the large joints, malformations of the vertebrae and pelvis, and incontinence. The disease was first reported in 1970 by Leonard Langer and associates; they used the term "parastremmatic" from the Greek "parastremma", or "distorted limbs", to describe it. On X-rays, the disease is distinguished by a "flocky" or lace-like appearance to the bones. The disease is congenital, which means it is apparent at birth. It is caused by a mutation in the "TRPV4" gene, located on chromosome 12 in humans. The disease is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner.
Characteristics.
Parastremmatic dwarfism is apparent at birth, with affected infants usually being described as "stiff", or as "twisted dwarfs" when the skeletal deformities and appearance of dwarfism further present themselves. Skeletal deformities usually develop in the sixth to twelfth month of an infant's life. The deformities may be attributed to osteomalacia, a lack of bone mineralization.
Cause and genetics.
Parastremmatic dwarfism is caused by a missense mutation (where one amino acid is replaced by another in a gene sequence) in the "TRPV4" gene, located on the long arm of human chromosome 12, at 12q24.11. The mutation is in exon 11 of the gene, and is labelled R594H; this means that the codon (the code for an amino acid molecule) for arginine was erroneously substituted by a codon for histidine at position 594 in that exon. This same mutation in the "TRVP4" gene is known to cause the Kozlowski type of spondylometaphyseal dysplasia. 
Parastremmatic dwarfism is inherited in an autosomal dominant manner, which means that the defective gene responsible for the disease is located on an autosome (chromosome 12 is an autosome), and one copy of the defective gene is sufficient to cause the disorder when inherited from a parent who also has the disorder.

</doc>
<doc id="36717854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717854" title="James Parker (rugby league)">
James Parker (rugby league)

James Parker was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.
Parker played for New Zealand against the 1914 touring Great Britain Lions before going on the 1919 tour of Australia where no test matches were played.
In 2008 he was named in the Taranaki Rugby League Team of the Century.

</doc>
<doc id="36717908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717908" title="Liberal Regenerator Party">
Liberal Regenerator Party

The Liberal Regenerator Party () was a Portuguese political party established in 1902, under the leadership of João Franco. The party was asked to form a government by King Carlos I in 1906, and its leader ultimately accused of being partly responsible for the assassination of the King in 1910, for the policies he enacted during its tenure.

</doc>
<doc id="36717923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717923" title="Ian Terry">
Ian Terry

Ian Patrick Terry (born March 19, 1991) was the winner of the American reality television show "Big Brother 14" in 2012 and a contestant of "Reality GameMasters" in 2013.
Education.
Terry graduated from Shaler Area High School in the Pittsburgh suburb of Shaler, Pennsylvania. During his stint on "Big Brother 14", Terry was a chemical engineering student at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana. Terry completed his chemical engineering degree in December 2013.
"Big Brother 14".
On Day 1, four coaches entered into the game to coach the houseguests. Ian was placed on Mike "Boogie"'s team. On Day 48, Ian won his first HoH competition. He rode on the win and continued to win the rest of his eligible HoH competitions. With his win on finale night, he tied the record of the most HoHs in a season: four. Terry won "Big Brother 14" and the $500,000 prize after defeating Dan Gheesling, who was the winner of Big Brother 10 and one of the four returning coaches, by a vote of 6-1 on September 19, 2012. Terry is one of six HouseGuests, including Drew Daniel, Janelle Pierzina, Rachel Reilly, Aaryn Gries, and Hayden Moss in the show's history to win Head of Household four times in one season, and managed to avoid being nominated until Day 62. Ian also holds the record for most consecutive HoH wins at 4. At exactly 21.5 years old at the time of his win, Terry is currently the youngest winner in Big Brother (U.S.) history.

</doc>
<doc id="36717927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717927" title="Chris Reynolds">
Chris Reynolds

Chris Reynolds may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36717928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717928" title="Sayyed Ahmad Khan Barha">
Sayyed Ahmad Khan Barha

Ahmad Khan Barha was a powerful general in King Akbar's army during the 16th century.
Sayyed Ahmad was the brother of Sayyed Mahmud Khan Barha Kundliwal. He gained the emperor's respect due to his bravery and valour. He joined the king's service along with his brother as part of the advance force sent to Gujarat. After the Ahmadabad victory, the king sent him in pursuit of the sons of Sher K. Fuladi who had gone to Idar. Though they moved swiftly, and entered the mountain defiles, many of their goods fell into the hands of the king's soldiers. Sayyed Ahmad returned to the king and did homage. 
Afterwards when Patan became the royal camp it was made over to Mirza Khan (Abdu-r-Rahim S. Bairam) and Sayyed Ahmad became governor (on account of Mirza's youth). In the same year Muhammad Hussain Mirza and Shah Mirza besieged Patan along with Sher Khan. Sayyed Ahmad Khan looked after the fortifications and defended the place. Later Khan Azim Koka approached with a large force and the Mirza's withdrew from the siege.
During the Battle of Haldighati Sayyed Ahmad accompanied Raja Man Singh, Sayyed Hashim Barha, Raja Jaimal, Ghazi Khan and other well known warriors. Sayyed Ahmad commanded the army's right wing. In the 20th year of his reign he was sent with his nephews Sayyed Hashim Barha and Sayyed Qasim Barha to defeat the rebels connected with the Rana-who after the killing of Jalal K. Qurci had created strife. Because of his success, Sayyed Ahmad was granted a standard and Drums, a great honor.
He died in the 1570s and is buried at his ancestral place Mujhera in Muzaffarnagar district. His rank was three thousand persons (Zat) and two thousand horses (sawar).

</doc>
<doc id="36717933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717933" title="St. Olaf Orchestra">
St. Olaf Orchestra

The St. Olaf Orchestra, is the touring symphony orchestra of St. Olaf College, Northfield, Minnesota. In addition to its annual domestic tours, the St. Olaf Orchestra has performed in Scandinavia, central and eastern Europe, and, most recently, China. It has appeared in some of Europe’s finest concert halls and performed with some of the world’s most noted conductors and artists. It is currently under the direction of Steven Amundson and has been featured at national, regional, and state-wide conventions, as well as multiple appearances on National Public Radio.
In the summer of 2005, the Orchestra, Choir, and Band, traveled on a joint tour to Norway, celebrating the college's Norwegian heritage and the centennial of Norway's independence. In May 2012, the orchestra toured China for the first time. Most recently, the St. Olaf Orchestra was named the winner of the 2013 American Prize in Orchestral Performance.

</doc>
<doc id="36717979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36717979" title="Gold (Neon Hitch song)">
Gold (Neon Hitch song)

"Gold" is the second single by British singer Neon Hitch from her debut album, "Beg, Borrow, and Steal". It features American rapper Tyga. The track was released in the US and UK on August 14, 2012.
Background and composition.
"Gold" was written by Hitch with help from fellow songwriter Claude Kelly as well as producer Benny Blanco and the production team, "The Smeezingtons", the latter two produced the track. "Gold" draws from dance-pop and synthpop genres. In the chorus, the synths fade away as Hitch sings "There's no light in this room / it's alright we got you / you shine like Gold". As the chorus ends, a heavy synth begins and Neon Hitch uses her sing-talk style to continue through the verse. Neon Hitch's style in the chorus was compared to pop singer Britney Spears.
Critical reception.
Pop Crush called the single "pure pop bliss", complimenting the catchy lyrics of the song and a better single choice than its predecessor, "Fuck U Betta", because of the more appropriate subject matter.
Music video.
Neon uploaded a lyric video on her YouTube account on August 16, 2012. Her manager has confirmed that they plan on shooting the video sometime in September so that it wouldn't conflict with Tyga's schedule.
As of December 30, 2012, neither Neon or Tyga have released the video or scheduled a release date for it.
Live performances.
Neon Hitch has performed the song at the Highline Ballroom in New York. Hitch has also performed the song on the American talk show "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon".

</doc>
<doc id="36718000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718000" title="1558 in Norway">
1558 in Norway

Events in the year 1558 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36718001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718001" title="Waisale Vatubua">
Waisale Vatubua

Waisale Vatubua is a Fijian rugby footballer who represented his country in rugby league at the 1995 World Cup.
In 1988 he played two rugby union test matches for Fiji.

</doc>
<doc id="36718011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718011" title="Teri Meri Love Stories">
Teri Meri Love Stories

Teri Meri Love Stories is an anthology series of 90 minute telefilms promoted as a "collection of assorted love stories" which premiered on August 11, 2012 on Star Plus. The series airs at weekends and features actors such as Gautam Rode, Arjun Bijlani, Karan Wahi, Shaheer Sheikh, Anita Hassanandani, Dimple Jhangiani, Shilpa Anand, Eijaz Khan and Karan Singh Grover.
History.
The first telefilm starred Dimple Jhangiani, Kushal Punjabi, Mala Salaria, and Gautam Rode and was produced by Rajan Shahi’s Director's Kut Productions. Shilpa Anand and Viraf Phiroz starred in the 2nd telefim produced by BBC Entertainment which aired on August 11, 2012. and later on one story produced by Endemol Pvt Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="36718058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718058" title="Latvian Braille">
Latvian Braille

Latvian Braille is the braille alphabet of the Latvian language.
Alphabet.
The alphabet is as follows. It uses international "w" for "v". All Latvian print diacritics are indicated by dot 6 in Latvian Braille; the international forms of "u", "v", and "z" have been abandoned to allow this to be a regular rule (compared to say Lithuanian Braille, which has a separate convention for such letters).

</doc>
<doc id="36718066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718066" title="Ulaiasi Wainidroa">
Ulaiasi Wainidroa

Ulaiasi Wainidroa is a Fijian rugby league player who represented his country in the 1995 World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36718073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718073" title="Vandenbroucke">
Vandenbroucke

Vandenbroucke is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36718076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718076" title="International Music and Media Centre">
International Music and Media Centre

The International Music and Media Centre (IMZ) is an international non-profit organization, which was founded in 1961 by Wilfried Scheib under the aegis of UNESCO. 
The IMZ is a global association for all those involved in any aspect of classical music, world music, jazz and contemporary music, ballet and contemporary dance in the audiovisual media. 
Its more than 150 members include broadcasting companies; performing arts companies and venues; programme producers and distributors; record and DVD labels; cinema and new media specialists: all the participants in the creation and dissemination of music in the media. The largest are international brands like the BBC, Metropolitan Opera New York, Universal Music, ZDF and 3sat; the smallest are individual composers, choreographers, musicians or directors. 
The IMZ not only organizes events and initiatives for its members (Avant Premiere Screenings, World Music Film Screenings at WOMEX, Golden Prague Premieres and Pitching Session at the Golden Prague Festival and the EBU et al.) to promote and foster music and dance in the audiovisual media but also acts as initiator and festival programme-curator of open air music (and dance) film festivals around the world: Vienna Music Film Festival NY, Vienna Music Film Festival Jekaterinburg, Vienna Music Film Festival Tokyo, Rathausplatz Filmfestival Vienna, Music Filmfestival Bucharest et al.
Structure.
The IMZ is run by the IMZ office, led by the Secretary General (since 1994 Dr. Franz Patay).
The Secretary General is appointed by the IMZ Board, consisting of altogether 25 members. 
President: Arild Erikstad (NRK - Norwegian Broadcasting Company, Norway)
Vice Presidents: Nicolas Auboyneau (France Télévisions, France), Henk van der Meulen (Royal Conservatoire of The Hague, Netherlands), Jan Younghusband (BBC Classical Music TV & Performance Television, United Kingdom), Treasurer: Bernd Hellthaler (EuroArts Music International GmbH, Germany)
Further Board Members: Wolfgang Bergmann (ARTE Deutschland TV GmbH, Germany), Aarno Cronvall (Arcron Productions, Finland), Marie-Odile Demay (MODemay Entertainment, Canada), François Duplat (Bel Air Media, France), Ditte Feuk (SVT - Sveriges Television, Sweden), Bernhard Fleischer (Bernhard Fleischer Moving Images, Austria), Frank Gerdes (ServusTV, Austria), Andrew Golding (SBS Television, Australia), Thomas Hieber (UNITEL GmbH & Co. KG, Germany), Chris Hunt (Classical TV Ltd., United Kingdom), Masumi Kawaguchi (NHK Nippon Hoso Kyokai J.B.C, Japan), Marie Kucerova (Czech Television, Czech Republic), Rita Lombardi (RAI Radiotelevisione Italiana, Italy), Reiner Moritz (Poorhouse International Ltd., United Kingdom), Ben Pateman (Opus Arte, United Kingdom), Katja Raths (Clasart Classic, Germany), Martin Traxl (ORF - Austrian Broadcasting Corporation, Austria), John Walker (WNET/THIRTEEN, Canada), Larry Weinstein (Rhombus Media Inc., Canada), Hazel Wright (Hazel Wright Media Ltd., United Kingdom)
Honorary Members: Laurie Anderson, Daniel Barenboim, Pierre Boulez, Alfred Brendel, Adrienne Clarkson, Mats Ek, Bill T. Jones, Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker, Lang Lang, Neil Shicoff, Anne-Sofie von Otter, Jonas Kaufmann.

</doc>
<doc id="36718091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718091" title="Irène Vernal">
Irène Vernal

Irène Vernal (14 July 1912 – September 2008) was a Belgian actress. 
She was born in Antwerp, Belgium. She played at the Rideau de Bruxelles and at the National Theater of Belgium. She was awarded as the Eve of the Theatre (Ève du Théâtre) for her role in the play "The Rose Tattoo" at Rideau de Bruxelles.

</doc>
<doc id="36718100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718100" title="Reg Sprague">
Reg Sprague

Reg Sprague is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country.
Playing career.
Sprague played for the Ngaruawahia club in its first year of existence, 1911. That same year he played for Lower Waikato and later played for Auckland against Nelson. 
He was selected for the 1911 New Zealand rugby league tour of Australia, though he played no tests on the tour.

</doc>
<doc id="36718104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718104" title="1523 in Norway">
1523 in Norway

Events in the year 1523 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36718109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718109" title="Skarf">
Skarf

Skarf (; stylized as SKarf) is a South Korean girl group formed by Alpha Entertainment. The meaning behind the group's name is based on the word "scarf". The S stands for Singapore while the C was switched out with the K for Korea. The group is made up of five members, namely, Ferlyn, Tasha, Jenny, JooA and Hana.
On August 14, 2012, they made their official debut and released their first self-titled album "Skarf". To get their name known by public, the rookie girl group Skarf starred on a reality show on MBC MUSIC, titled "Oh! My Skarf".
History.
Pre-debut.
During the December 9 and 11, JYP Entertainment and Alpha Entertainment held auditions in Singapore and Hong Kong and it was during that time that when Ferlyn, Tasha and Elaine was recruited into Alpha Entertainment with other finalists who passed the auditions. Ferlyn, Elaine and Tasha underwent two years of intensive training in South Korea and during late 2011, Elaine Yuki had dropped out of the group due to medical reasons and also because the training was too tough. Alpha's Chief Executive Officer Alan Chan stated that the girls would be groomed together with other Koreans to form a girl group debuting in this year.
2012: Debut, "Oh! My Skarf" and member changes.
On August 8, 2012, Skarf released their first teaser for their title song "Oh! Dance" through Alpha Entertainment's official YouTube channel. On August 9, 2012, the individual teasers of the members was then released to introduce each of the members.
On August 10, 2012, it was announced that Skarf would have their own reality program on MBC Music titled "Oh! My Skarf", the show is scheduled to air starting on August 11 at 7 pm KST. The show will reveal the pre-debut lives of the girl group members as they prepare for their upcoming debut.
After releasing the third music video teaser for their title song on August 12, 2012, the music video for "Oh! Dance" was released one day after and on August 14, 2012, Skarf held their debut showcase in Seoul.
On August 17, 2012, Skarf started their promotions on Music Bank with their title song "Oh! Dance", it was also the first music program that the girls had ever performed on in South Korea.
SKarf announced on December 30, 2012 that they will make a comeback with the addition of Korean member JooA and Japanese member Hana during February, 2013.
2013: ""Luv Virus"", Singapore showcase.
On May 19, it was revealed that Skarf will be making a comeback with their first mini album ""Luv Virus"" on 28 May. On 28 May, the video teasers of each member of Skarf for the title song "Luv Virus" was released through Alpha Entertainment's official YouTube channel. On May 31, 2013, the full music video for the title track "Luv Virus" was uploaded onto their official YouTube channel, marking their first music video filmed as a five member group instead of the four member group previously. Their mini album titled "Luv Virus" is also released on the same day.
On July 3, Skarf announced that they will be visiting Singapore to hold a one day restaurant food event. Skarf themselves would be preparing the food that is going to be sold for that day and stated that the earnings from the event will be donated to charity. It was also announced that they will be holding a fan sign on August 10 and on August 11, they will be holding their showcase titled “Dreams Come True” at Kallang Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="36718124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718124" title="United Stadium of Chiangrai">
United Stadium of Chiangrai

United Stadium () is a football stadium in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Chiangrai United F.C.. The stadium holds 12,000 people, and is currently being upgraded to increase the capacity to 15,000 people. The United Stadium of Chiangrai is near Mae Fah Luang International Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="36718137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718137" title="Bjørn Alterhaug">
Bjørn Alterhaug

Bjørn Alterhaug (born 3 June 1945 in Mo i Rana, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (upright bass), Music arranger and Composer.
Career.
Alterhaug is one of the grand masters among European bassplayers and has been leading an international career in jazz since the late 60's. He has played and worked with a great number of international greats such as Lee Konitz, Warne Marsh, Chet Baker, Thorgeir Stubø, Joe Henderson, Lucky Thompson, Sheila Jordan, Vigleik Storaas, Karin Krog, John Surman, Ben Webster and Clark Terry. He continues to lead his post as a professor at the Institute of Music at Norges Teknisk-Naturvitenskapelige Universitet in Trondheim, Norway and has taught on the Jazz programme there since the start in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="36718140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718140" title="1555 in Norway">
1555 in Norway

Events in the year 1555 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36718171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718171" title="Les McNichol">
Les McNichol

Les McNicol (9 March 1932 – 16 February 2013 (17 Feb on Death Certificate)) was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country on the 1955-56 tour of Great Britain and France.

</doc>
<doc id="36718172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718172" title="Involver, Inc.">
Involver, Inc.

Involver, Inc. was a provider of social media management software, offering software-as-a-service (SaaS) tools to help businesses manage their marketing efforts on social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter. It was acquired by Oracle on July 10, 2012.
Founded in San Francisco in 2007 by Rahim Fazal and Noah Horton, the company was originally known as RapOuts, Inc. and changed its name to Involver Inc. in August, 2008. The company offers software and services to publish, manage, moderate and measure customer relations across the social web.
In 2008, Involver powered advertising campaigns on Facebook for several customers and its founders were named to Inc. Magazine's top 30 entrepreneurs under 30 list.
Involver was the technology platform that powered the first sponsorship of a Facebook Page and the first studio album from a recording artist that was released through a social network.
Involver was recommended by Facebook as one of 14 original "Preferred Developer Consultants." Facebook partnered with Involver to build applications for large events like Election Day, The World Cup, and the Super Bowl.
Involver raised venture capital money from Bessemer Venture Partners, Western Technology Investment, and Cervin Ventures.
Involver's main competitors in this space were Buddy Media (acquired by Salesforce), Vitrue (also acquired by Oracle Corporation), and Wildfire (acquired by Google).

</doc>
<doc id="36718204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718204" title="Kızılkapı, Bor">
Kızılkapı, Bor

Kızılkapı is a small village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. At it is situated in the northern slopes of Toros Mountains. Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Kızılkapı was 70 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36718225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718225" title="1455 in Norway">
1455 in Norway

Events in the year 1455 in Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="36718235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718235" title="Melanopsichiaceae">
Melanopsichiaceae

The Melanopsichiaceae are a family of smut fungi in the order Ustilaginomycetes containing three genera.

</doc>
<doc id="36718242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718242" title="Kürkçü, Bor">
Kürkçü, Bor

Kürkçü is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. It is situated to the north of Taurus Mountains. Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Kürkçü was 106 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36718253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718253" title="Shō Ei">
Shō Ei

He died in 1588 without an heir. His son-in-law Shō Nei was installed as the king.

</doc>
<doc id="36718267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718267" title="Turkish Braille">
Turkish Braille

Turkish Braille ("kabartma yazı") is the braille alphabet of the Turkish language.
Alphabet.
Turkish Braille follows international usage. The vowels with diacritics, "ö" and "ü", have their French/German forms, whereas the consonants with diacritics, "ç, ğ," and "ş," have the forms of the nearest English approximations, "ch, gh," and "sh." Dotless "i" is derived by shifting down.
The accent point, , is used for "â, î, û". Point is used for capitals.
Punctuation.
Punctuation and arithmetical signs are as follows:
For quotations, the dash — is used differently from inverted commas “...”, for example when transcribing short turns in dialog.
Extensions to other languages.
Azeri (Azerbaijani) Braille adds the letters "x" and "q" with their international forms and . These, and "w", are used in Turkish Braille as well for foreign words. Azeri Braille uses the accent mark to derive print "ä" (formerly "ə") from "a".

</doc>
<doc id="36718281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718281" title="Joke de Korte">
Joke de Korte

Johanna Catharina "Joke" de Korte (born 18 August 1935) is a retired Dutch backstroke and freestyle swimmer. She finished fourth in 100m backstroke at the 1952 Summer Olympics, and won two silver medals at the 1954 European Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36718282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718282" title="Kalán from the kindred Bár-Kalán">
Kalán from the kindred Bár-Kalán

Kalán from the kindred Bár-Kalán () was a prelate and royal official in the Kingdom of Hungary at the turn of the 12th and 13th centuries. He was bishop of Pécs from 1186 until his death in 1218, and ban of Croatia and Dalmatia between 1193 and 1194, thus he was the first prelate in the kingdom to parallelly held a secular office. Kalán's relationship with the monarch was tense in the reign of King Emeric who accused the bishop of incest but could never prove it. Although a part of the canons of Esztergom elected Kalán as archbishop in 1204, his election was not confirmed by the Holy See. Kalán died when planning to go on a crusade to the Holy Land.
Life.
Kalán was born in a prominent family of the Kingdom of Hungary between around 1150 and 1155. The ancestral possessions of his family, the Bár-Kalán kindred were located around Bár in Baranya County, and around Esztergom. Although no information on his early years was recorded, the "refined style of the charters he issued" (László Koszta) point at his studies in foreign schools. Kalán worked for the royal court from the 1180s and promoted the separation of the royal chancellery from the royal chapel, being the latter supervised by the archbishops of Esztergom. A charter of 1181 alludes to him as "chancellor of the royal court" "(aule regie cancellarius)".
Although he is mentioned as bishop of Pécs in a charter of 1183, its reliability is highly suspectful. Therefore he seems to have become bishop in 1186. The pope also granted him the personal right to wear a pallium similarly to the archbishops. King Béla III of Hungary appointed Kalán to administer Croatia and Dalmatia with the title of governor "(gubernator)" in 1193. In this office, Kalán was replaced by the king's eldest son, Emeric, which may suggest a strained relationship between the bishop and the monarch. The Cistercian chronicler, Alberic of Trois-Fontaines would even write that Kalán murdered Béla III using a poisoned communion wafer in 1196. All the same, Béla III's successor, Emeric accused, in 1203, the bishop not of murdering his father but of maintaining an illicit relationship with his own niece, but this accusation remained unproven. 
Kalán, along with all the other suffragan bishops of the archbishops of Esztergom, protested against the election of Archbishop John of Kalocsa to the see of Esztergom by its canons in 1204. They emphasized that Archbishop John had up to that time disputed the preeminent status of the see of Esztergom within the kingdom. The suffragan bishops convinced some canon in the cathedral chapter of Esztergom to change their mind and to elect Kalán archbishop. Now his opponent accused bishop Kalán of an incestuous relationship with his niece, but the investigation conducted by his five fellow bishops cleared him. All the same, Pope Innocent III decided the conflict over the archbishopric of Esztergom in favor of Kalán's opponent and confirmed John's election on October 5, 1205. 
Kalán passionately protected the interests of his diocese. He disputed that the Benedictine abbey of Dunaföldvár was exempt from his jurisdiction and sued its abbot before the pope, but the abbey remained directly submitted to the archbishops of Esztergom. He also submitted a formal complaint against the Cistercian abbey at Cikádor in the 1210s because the buying of vineyards in his diocese by the Cistercians who were exempt from tithe jeopardized his income. Upon his request Pope Innocent III formerly warned the Cistercians to moderate their acquisition of new properties. He seems to have set up the collegiate chapters at Požega (now in Croatia), and a monastery for the Canons Regular at Irig (now in Serbia).
The building of the cathedral at Pécs was finished in his period, around 1200. In short time Kalán established a collegiate chapter dedicated to John the Baptist in front of the western facade of the new church. The cathedral chapter also began functioning as a "place of authentication" "(locus credibilis)" in Bishop Kalán's time. He was planning to visit the Holy Land, but his age prevented him from joining the crusade King Andrew II of Hungary organized in 1217.

</doc>
<doc id="36718297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718297" title="Postallı, Bor">
Postallı, Bor

Postallı is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. It is situated in the peneplane area to the north of Toros Mountains at . "Postallı pond" an artificial pond for irrigation is to the northeast of the village. Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Postallı was 334 as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="36718302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718302" title="Biathlon at the 1994 Winter Olympics – Women's individual">
Biathlon at the 1994 Winter Olympics – Women's individual

The Women's biathlon individual competition of the Lillehammer 1994 Olympics was held at Birkebeineren Ski Stadium on February 18, 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="36718312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718312" title="This Must Be Love (album)">
This Must Be Love (album)

This Must be Love, is the 4th independently released album from Los Angeles, California pop / rock band The 88. The album spawned one single release "Love is the Thing"

</doc>
<doc id="36718323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718323" title="Seslikaya, Bor">
Seslikaya, Bor

Seslikaya is a village in Bor district of Niğde Province, Turkey. It is situated in the Central Anatolian plains at . Its distance to Bor is to Niğde is . The population of Seslikaya was 123 as of 2011. 

</doc>
<doc id="36718352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718352" title="Vandana Menon">
Vandana Menon

Vandana Menon (born June 10, 1989) is a South Indian actress and model. She started her film career through the movie Mayookham directed by Hariharan. Vandana got to fame through her character role in the movie Happy Husbands, pairing opposite to Jayasurya.

</doc>
<doc id="36718398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718398" title="União dos Sindicatos Revolucionarios de Angola">
União dos Sindicatos Revolucionarios de Angola

União dos Sindicatos Revolucionarios de Angola ('Union of Revolutionary Trade Unions of Angola', abbreviated USRA) was an Angolan trade union organization in exile. USRA was founded in Songololo, Congo-Kinshasa in November 1965 by dissidents from LGTA led by Manuel Francisco Bento (that had rebelled against the pro-Holden Roberto leadership of LGTA in June 1965) and another dissident group from UNTA (led by former UNTA Foreign Secretary, i.e. second-in-command in the organization, Bernard Dombele). Dombele had accused UNTA of 'political deviation'. The organization opened an office in Kinshasa in April 1966.
As of 1967, USRA had ceased to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="36718420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718420" title="DAMAC Properties">
DAMAC Properties

DAMAC Properties is one of the largest held luxury property development companies in the Middle East, based in Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates.
History.
The company was founded in 2002 by Hussain Sajwani and is part of the DAMAC Group.
On 4 November 2013, DAMAC Properties announced it planned to raise around $500 million from a sale of global depository receipts on the London Stock Exchange. The offering however got a lukewarm response with only $348 million raised. The pricing of the depository receipts was at the lowest end of its initially offered range, however it still valued the company at $2.65 billion.
DAMAC reported a first-half profit of $332 million in 2013, a 57% increase on calendar 2012.
Operations.
DAMAC Properties employs more than 1,000 staff and has over 12,000 customers representing more than 120 nationalities. It has projects in several cities including Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Doha, Jeddah, Riyadh, Amman, Beirut and Baghdad.
Projects.
DAMAC has delivered 9,318 units to date and currently has a development portfolio of over 25,000 units at various stages of progress and planning as of December 31, 2013.
In May 2013, DAMAC Properties introduced the ‘AKOYA by DAMAC’ master plan development in Dubai. This includes mansions, villas, luxurious apartments and a retail centre all surrounding ‘The Trump International Golf Club. Within the AKOYA by DAMAC, products include ‘The Trump Estates’, a limited collection of 100 luxurious mansions. Also set within the heart of the community is a global first, with the launch of FENDI fashion-styled villas. AKOYA by DAMAC is also the home of Golf Veduta – serviced hotel apartments and DAMAC serviced Villas by Paramount Hotels and Resorts.
The company is also developing a US$1 billion hotel and luxury serviced residences in the Burj area of Dubai, called ‘DAMAC Towers by Paramount’, which will comprise the first Paramount Hotel & serviced Residences in the region.
Within the hospitality sector, DAMAC’s in-house hospitality team is responsible for managing the Company’s growing portfolio of leisure assets in its serviced hotel apartment developments. The division provides complete hospitality management through its own hospitality operating company ‘DAMAC Maison’.
DAMAC Properties is working in collaboration with Paramount Pictures, Versace, Fendi and Trump organisation on projects throughout the region.
DAMAC Maison - Dubai Mall Street, is the first project to be managed by DAMAC Maison and was completed in Q1 2013.
In addition to support services provided by the Dubai headquarters, the company’s Customer Care Program has offices in the UAE, UK, Jordan, Iraq, Lebanon, KSA and Qatar.

</doc>
<doc id="36718424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718424" title="Barbara Haas">
Barbara Haas

Barbara Haas (born 19 March 1996 in Steyr) is an Austrian tennis player.
Haas has won three singles and one doubles title on the ITF tour in her career. On 20 May 2013, she reached her best singles ranking of world number 521. On 15 April 2013, she peaked at world number 766 in the doubles rankings.
Haas made her WTA Tour debut at the 2012 Gastein Ladies and also played at the 2012 Generali Ladies Linz.

</doc>
<doc id="36718428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718428" title="List of Big Brother Australia shows">
List of Big Brother Australia shows

During each series, specific elements of the competition have a special show dedicated to them, usually presented on a specific evening. Each weeknight and on Sunday evenings a compilation of the general events in the House for the previous day are presented. All live shows are broadcast with a 30-second delay so that images or language that cannot be broadcast due to Australia's censorship laws can be cut. These programs add up to approximately 16 hours per week. Except for during its first season, "Big Brother" episodes screened each day except Saturday.
Current Shows.
Opening Night.
The Opening Night is the first episode of the "Big Brother Australia" series that introduces the new housemates and the House for that year. It is currently hosted by Sonia Kruger. Previously, it was hosted by Gretel Killeen from 2001–07, and Kyle Sandilands and Jackie O in 2008. In different seasons it ran under various titles such as "Launch", "In They Go" and "The Secret".
"Daily Show".
The Daily Show aired Monday - Friday at 7:00 pm – 7:30 pm for all seasons of the series. It reported on the previous day's happenings inside the House, and was narrated by Mike Goldman.
Later seasons of "Big Brother" added a Sunday edition of the "Daily Show", which covered the preceding Friday and Saturday, which screened Sundays at 6:30 pm – 7:30 pm. Occasionally, in various seasons of the series, the "Daily Show" episode would run to one hour, sometimes to accommodate a special event in the house.
For the 2001 through to the 2007 seasons, on screen it simply carried the title "Big Brother". For the 2008 season the on-screen title was shown as "Big Brother: Daily Show". During the 2008 season the Monday evening installment was extended to a one-hour duration when the housemate nominations were incorporated into the episode.
In 2012, the Daily Show aired from Tuesday - Thursday at 7:00 pm – 8:00 pm and Friday at 7:00 pm – 7:30 pm. Sunday and Monday did not include a Daily Show – instead a recap of the day was merged into the Sunday and Monday live shows.
Eviction.
Housemate evictions occur in a program titled Big Brother Live Eviction. The housemate who has attracted the most viewer votes to evict is evicted. The eviction shows are televised each Sunday night at 7:30 pm (Australian Eastern Standard Time). Actual events start a short time before 7:30 pm. Proceedings are conducted in an auditorium in front of a live audience at Dreamworld.
These shows are broadcast live. In this show usually one housemate, but occasionally two, is evicted from the house, usually at around 7:45–8:00 pm. Shows that feature two evictions are called "Double Eviction". The first Australian "Double Eviction", described in advertising hyperbole as a "world first", took place during "Big Brother 2002". "Big Brother 2006" added the "save" vote, allowing viewers to vote to "save" a housemate as well as "evict"; in the final tally housemates' save votes are subtracted from their evict votes.
The 2008 season introduced a new nomination and eviction process. For the 2008 season the public vote for which housemate to save from eviction. The three housemates with the least amount of save votes are nominated for eviction. The housemates then vote to evict one of the three. From week five this new routine was abandoned the original eviction procedure reinstated: housemates nominate each other and viewers may vote only to "evict" those nominated.
Big Brother 2012 changed the voting once again, getting viewers to save the nominees they want to stay in the house. They can only vote for those housmates that are up for nomination and the housemate with the least amount of votes to save them are evicted. This voting process is also used in the current season, Big Brother 2013.
In "Big Brother 2004" after the eviction of Bree Amer, it was found the votes for that eviction had been incorrectly counted. Amer had not received the most eviction votes, and she took up the option of returning to the house the following Monday night. A special eviction was held on the following Thursday evening in which the housemate to actually receive the most votes, Wesley Denning, was evicted. A representative of Legion Interactive, the company that manages eviction votes and compiles the results, appeared on the second eviction show to explain how the error occurred.
Nominations.
Big Brother Nominations was a one hour special show that aired on Monday evenings after the "Daily Show" for the 2002, through to the 2007 seasons.
In the first series of "Big Brother" Australia there was no special show for nominations; they were simply shown as a part of the "Daily Show" on Tuesday evening. In the first season of the series housemates did not have to give reasons for their nominations. Subsequent seasons added a special dedicated to the nomination process. This was usually pre-taped; in "Big Brother 2005" the announcement of which housemates were nominated for eviction was presented live. For the first half of the 2008 season the housemates no longer nominated, and there was no special nominations show. When nominations resumed in the middle of that season they were shown as part of the Monday evening "Daily Show". Where there was special dedicated to the nomination process, this episode presented footage of the housemates as they explain in the "Diary Room" who they nominate for eviction.
In the nomination process itself, housemates each have three points to appoint to two other housemates. Their first nomination appoints two nomination points to a housemate, the second gives another housemate one point. If Big Brother feels a housemate's nomination is not clear and concise, he may decide to give the nominating housemate one nomination point. The three housemates with the highest number of points are revealed to the housemates. In the case of a third place tie, all those tying for third place are eligible for eviction. On these occasions more than three housemates would be up for eviction.
An innovation introduced in "Big Brother 2005" was the "Three Point Twist" whereby the winner of "Friday Night Live" must subtract three nomination points from one of the nominated housemates. If they themselves are included in the original lineup of potential evictees they may opt to subtract the points from themselves. This occurs after the initial nominations have been announced to all housemates, and while housemates may not discuss which housemate they remove points from, where the line-up changes it is often clear which housemate has had their nomination points deducted. The three housemates with the highest number of nomination points after the "Three Point Twist" will face eviction. Again in the case of a third place tie, more than three housemates may be up for eviction. The "Three Point Twist" got its name as part of a sponsorship deal with KFC. "Big Brother 2007" introduced a new version of the "nominations twist" where the winner of Friday Night Games must now entirely remove a housemate who is nominated for eviction, and then nominate a new housemate to be up for eviction.
For the first five weeks of the "Big Brother 2008" season there were no housemate nominations viewers could vote to nominate and the housemates voted to evict. Those housemate eviction votes were delivered on air during the Sunday evening eviction show. Halfway through the season nominations made a return after the eviction process was reverted to the original format in which the housemates nominate and the public may vote to evict. There was no special show for the nominations in the 2008 season, they were screened in an extended (one hour) "Daily Show" on Monday night.
Camilla Halliwell holds the record for the most times nominated for eviction. Halliwell, who finished runner-up in the 2006 season, faced the public vote ten times. Rory Ammon, who appears in the eighth season of the show, faced possible eviction on nine occasions.
Confidential.
Big Brother Confidential is a mature late-night show narrated by Mike Goldman, airing every Thursdays since "Big Brother 9". It features many unseen and uncensored house footage throughout the week, edited out for the family-friendly 7pm daily shows.
Showdown.
Big Brother Showdown in its original format is a 60-minute Saturday-night take on Friday Night Live hosted by Shelley Craft with commentation from Mike Goldman and 2012 housemate Michael Beveridge. The games occurred in the house each Friday, but aired Saturdays. The original format lasted 3 weeks.
In Showdown's new format, Showdown is recorded on Wednesday, and will air as part of the Big Brother daily show on Thursday. The new format will not be hosted.
Late Night Feast.
Big Brother Late Night Feast is a late-night adult-orientated weekly episode, aired every Tuesday starting from week 4, at 9.30 pm. This show follows along the lines of Ten's long running "Uncut" show, but with a point of difference not to focus on nudity.
Finale.
The Big Brother Finale is a significant event conducted in front of an audience at Dreamworld and broadcast live on television. The usual series host presents the finale. The television presentation has been scheduled to run as long as three hours, sometimes running even longer. The 2007 season finale was extended by almost an hour due to a delay in finalising eviction vote tallies.
In all Australian series the "Finale" features footage from the final day in the house, by which time there are only two housemates remaining, culminating in the announcement of the winner. Usually the runner-up leaves the house in the manner of an evicted housemate, and is interviewed by the host on stage. Later the winner is asked to leave the house, finally joining the host on stage.
The final two housemates of "Big Brother 2004", "Big Brother 2005" and "Big Brother 2007" left the House together, and were on stage when the winner of those seasons was announced. "Big Brother 2006" had featured the original format where the winner is announced while the final two housemates are in the House, and they both left separately. "Big Brother 2008" had the finalists on the stage with the hosts. Season 9 retained the original format but with three housemates.
Previous housemates of the season sometimes put on a musical or dance performance. Sometimes the performance is set to popular music and is based on several of the tasks the housemates had participated in during the season. In 2006, Danielle Foote sang her single, while the other housemates did dance routines around her, using costumes and elements from various tasks of that season.
The 2007 "Finale" was the last "Big Brother" program to be hosted by series host of seven years, Gretel Killeen. In 2008, the "Finale" was hosted by the replacement "Big Brother" hosts Kyle and Jackie O. The 2008 "Finale" featured a special dedication to past series as the 2008 season would be the last for the foreseeable future.
Past shows.
Friday Night Live.
Big Brother Friday Night Live is a live show based on "Big Brother UK"s spin-off Saturday Night Live hosted by Mike Goldman and former "Big Brother 2004" housemates Ryan Fitzgerald and Bree Amer, showcasing a live housemate games competition conducted in an arena attached to the "Big Brother" compound every Friday evening. The housemate evicted the previous week joins the hosting panel. The show was introduced with "Big Brother 2005", aired on Fridays at 7:30 p.m..
The winner of the overall games is rewarded with the following: 
"Friday Night Live" returned for "Big Brother 2006". A fourth prize was added for the winner, a "luckydip" type prize draw where they are presented with three boxes, each containing a prize, and may choose one box, not knowing what any of the boxes contains. The three boxes are themed on a specific country, and the three boxes featured a holiday to that country after the conclusion of the competition, a privilege that may be used within the house (such as laundry services or a special dinner), and a booby prize. Booby prizes have included a bow tie and a chunk of Camembert cheese. On one occasion the three boxes were replaced with a special prize where the winner was allowed to go on an excursion outside the Big Brother House to Tiger Island at Dreamworld, where they were treated to a feast and a tiger show. They then had the entire park to themselves for a night. The winner on this occasion was Gaelan, who invited Krystal to share in his prize. On a second occasion, the winner of "Friday Night Live", Jamie, was given the four usual prizes, and a fifth "mystery prize". The prize involved Jamie and the person he invited to the Rewards Room, Chris, leaving the House to get a first go on FlowRider, a new ride at Dreamworld.
For the "Big Brother 2007" season "Friday Night Live" remained largely unchanged. For this season the prize boxes generally contained an overseas holiday, a large item such as expensive watches or a scooter, and a booby prize. But a twist in the power to change the nominations lineup made this a more valuable than ever prize for the winner of "Friday Night Live" in "Big Brother 2007" as they were able to remove themselves altogether (if nominated) or another housemate from the nominees for that week, and replace them with another housemate, rather than in the last two series where the winner had the power to change nominations by deducting 3 points from a nominee. The "Friday Night Live" format was reused in the Network Ten spinoff series "Friday Night Games" which began in February 2006 and ended before "Big Brother" resumed for 2006. This weekly program is also filmed at Dreamworld, and features two teams of celebrities (who are joined by members of the public) to compete in a series of games. The program was again hosted by Goldman, Amer, and Fitzgerald.
The 2008 season of "Big Brother" did not include a rewards room, instead allowing the winning housemate entry to the new "Strategy Room" with one other housemate of their choice. Due to the changes in the nomination and eviction process, the winner was able to save one housemate from eviction, and votes with double points during evictions.
UpLate.
Big Brother: UpLate is a late-night show screened every weeknight throughout the "Big Brother" seasons in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007 and hosted by Mike Goldman. The show was first introduced with "Big Brother 2003". The show aired at 11:15pm on Monday—Thursdays, 10:30pm on Fridays and 10:10 pm. Episodes usually had a duration between 60 and 120 minutes.
The show features live footage from the House; interviews with evicted housemates; and brain teasers where viewers attempt to solve challenges such as word games, and may phone in for a chance to win up to $1000. An online stream was made available for the 2006 season at QuizTV.com.au specifically for viewers in states that do not receive "UpLate" live on television (i.e. South Australia, Western Australia and the Northern Territory), enabling them to enter the competitions. It was possible for this stream to be viewed by those outside of Australia. An online stream was made available once more for the 2007 season. During the 2007 season of "Big Brother" a Sunday evening edition of the show was added.
"UpLate" did not return for the 2008 season of "Big Brother".
The Insider.
The Insider was a panel-type show introduced for the 2003 season hosted by Tim Ferguson with additional gossip and discussion about the show. Frequently the week's evicted housemate would be one of the show's guests.
Big Brother's Big Mouth.
"Big Brother's Big Mouth" is a panel show introduced for the 2008 season of the show, based on the Big Brother UK show of the same title. It aired at 9.30pm each Monday night from 6 May 2008 to 23 May 2008. Due to a ratings decline it was moved to 10.00pm Monday starting 30 June 2008, with new series "Mark Loves Sharon" taking its original slot. Each week different former Australian housemates were guest panel members. There was a total of 11 one hour episodes.
Uncut / Adults Only.
Originally named Big Brother Uncut, and renamed Big Brother: Adults Only for "Big Brother 2006", this program showcased adult content from the house unsuitable for the early evening "Daily Show". This mainly consisted of footage of the housemates showering, general risque behaviour, and discussions about sexual matters. Each episode was one hour long. During the early seasons of "Big Brother" it aired at 9:30 pm on Thursday nights. It later switched to 9:30 pm Monday nights, and then 9:40 pm Monday nights. It was rated MA15+ (deemed unsuitable for viewers under the age of 15), and hosted by Gretel Killeen.
The 2006 series of "Big Brother: Adults Only" ended early after politicians warned Network Ten that its screening of the show could harm its push for media reforms. The last episode of "Adults Only" was aired on 19 June 2006. The program was not produced for the 2007 season. That season's host Gretel Killeen, and producer Kris Noble, cited the absence of the program as a reason for the 2007 season's reduced ratings.
Saturday.
Big Brother Saturday was a one-hour long show aired on Saturday evenings during "Big Brother 2001", with Gretel Killeen presenting an overview of press discussions of the series that week, interviews with fans by reporter Sami Lukis, and stories about the activities of evicted housemates. The show featured little actual footage originating from the Big Brother House itself. This show did not return after the first series, largely because Network Ten acquired the rights to televise Saturday night Australian Football League games after the first series of Big Brother ended, with these telecasts taking the show's timeslot.

</doc>
<doc id="36718435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718435" title="Netgear NSDP">
Netgear NSDP

NSDP (Netgear Switch Discovery Protocol) is a management protocol for several network device families, designed by Netgear.
Message structure.
Message body record structure.
Message body records are TLV (Tag-Length Value) structures. Type field may be one of following values in the table(list in incomplete):
Protocol flow examples.
Network devices discovery (MAC-address an device model discovery):
Devices firmware update.
Device firmware update is made with TFTP protocol, but you need to send NSDP request to turn on TFTP-server first.

</doc>
<doc id="36718437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718437" title="Azerbaijani fairy tales">
Azerbaijani fairy tales

Azerbaijani fairy tales are works of folklore by the Azerbaijani people. They vary in context and subject and include tales from the heroic past of the Azerbaijani people and struggles with local and foreign oppressors. Spiritual, moral, social and philosophical views are reflected throughout these tales. 
The tales hand down ancient national traditions and customs whilst depicting the natural beauty of Azerbaijan; its green valleys and pastures, magnificent mountains, purling rivers and blossoming gardens.
History.
The first recorded fairy tales are found in the heroic Oghuz Kitabi Dede Korkut ("The book of grandfather Korkut") of the 10th-11th centuries. For instance, there is a narrated tale about a monster-man who eats "two people and five thousand sheep" per day in Tepegoz's (a translation from Turkish – Cyclop) story.
Characters.
Jirtdan is the most popular fairy tale character among the children's tales in Azerbaijan, meaning "small" when translated from Azerbaijani. Many fairy tales are based on this character, who is distinguished for his keenness of wit, courage and bravery. He can simultaneously be an idler, but also very brave. Div (giant) is another popular character. Little Jirtdan acquires courage and bravery when he meets Div.
Types.
Azerbaijani fairy tales are divided into three types in essence and content: fairy tales about animals, fairy tales about common people and magic fairy tales.
Azerbaijani fairy tales abroad.
The second edition of "National fairy-tales from Azerbaijan" was published by Verlag Dr.Koster Publishing House (Berlin) on the initiative of the Azerbaijani embassy in Germany. Liliane Grimm is an Austrian researcher of Azerbaijani studies and author and translator of the book, whose first acquaintance with Azerbaijan was held at an exhibition of Azerbaijani artists in Vienna. Seventeen national fairy tales of Azerbaijan and "The fox’s pilgrimage" (parable by Abdulla Shaig) were included in the book.

</doc>
<doc id="36718443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718443" title="Seiloni Iaruel">
Seiloni Iaruel

Seiloni Iaruel (born 17 April 1995) is a Vanuatuan international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Tafea F.C. and the Vanuatu national football team.
Club career.
Since 2011 Iaruel plays for Tafea F.C. In August 2012 he was on trial at Stoke City
International career.
Iaruel played for Vanuatu U17, Vanuatu U20, Vanuatu U23 and since June 2012 he plays for Vanuatu

</doc>
<doc id="36718447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718447" title="Shō Eki">
Shō Eki

It was said that he was born with harelip, which made his grandfather Shō Tei worry. Fortunately, a Ryukyuan named Takamine Tokumei (高嶺徳明) met a Chinese doctor Huang Huiyou (黃會友) in Fuzhou. Huang taught Takamine how to repair a cleft palate. Takamine came back to Ryukyu in 1688, and had the Prince's lip repaired in the next year. 
Shō Eki succeeded his grandfather Shō Tei as king in 1710, and died two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="36718463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718463" title="Dimitar Pirgov">
Dimitar Pirgov

Dimitar Pirgov (; born 23 October 1989 in Gotse Delchev) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender for Slavia Sofia. He is the younger brother of Litex's goalkeeper Ilko Pirgov.
Career.
Pirgov began his football career with Chavdar Etropole. On 12 February 2012, he signed for Pirin Gotse Delchev. He made his league debut against Slivnishki geroi on 14 March, playing the full 90 minutes. Pirgov finished the season with 10 appearances, as Pirin clinched promotion to the A PFG.

</doc>
<doc id="36718475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718475" title="Viva TV (Philippines)">
Viva TV (Philippines)

Viva TV is a Philippine satellite and cable entertainment TV channel owned by Viva Entertainment.
Viva TV on IBC 13.
Viva TV was previously a block timer on IBC 13 from 2000 to 2003. This includes dramas series, showbiz-oriented shows, music videos, comedy, game shows and sports shows including the Philippine Basketball Association.
On Cable/Satellite Feed.
Viva TV was relaunched last July 16, 2012, replacing Viva Cinema. It was transformed from a movie/general entertainment channel to a full length entertainment channel which includes music videos, talkshows, reality series, concerts and behind the scenes from movies featuring some of the contract artists of Viva Entertainment including Sarah Geronimo, Anne Curtis, KC Concepcion, among others.

</doc>
<doc id="36718481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718481" title="List of Kings XI Punjab cricketers">
List of Kings XI Punjab cricketers

Kings XI Punjab (KXIP) is a franchise cricket team based in Mohali, Punjab in India, and is one of the teams participating in the Indian Premier League (IPL). KXIP was founded in 2008. The franchise is owned by actress Preity Zinta, Ness Wadia of Bombay Dyeing, Karan Paul of the Apeejay Surendera Group and Mohit Burman of Dabur. The group paid million to acquire the franchise. It is owned by a consortium, along with the Rajasthan Royals. Along with the Rajasthan Royals, KXIP's franchise agreement was terminated by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) in October 2010, because the teams had been signed by people who were not members of the consortium which owned the team. A petition of arbitration (appeal) was filed to the Bombay High Court in November 2010, challenging the decision, which was accepted a month later.
KXIP played their first Twenty20 match in 2008 during the first season of the IPL, where they reached the semi-final. They lost the 2008 semi-final to Chennai Super Kings on 31 May 2008, after playing fourteen matches in the league, winning ten matches and losing four. With ten international cricketers in 2009, they finished fifth in the second season of the IPL, winning and losing seven matches. KXIP finished in eighth place in the third IPL season, losing eleven of their fourteen matches. KXIP improved in the fourth season of the IPL. finishing in fifth place with seven losses and victories. In the IPL's fifth season in 2012, the team played sixteen matches, winning eight and losing nine to finish in sixth position. In the 2013 season, they won eight matches out of sixteen, and lost the other eight. The team is currently captained by Adam Gilchrist.
Shaun Marsh is KXIP's leading run scorer, with 1,903 runs. He, along with Mahela Jayawardene, Gilchrist and Paul Valthaty, has scored a century for the team. David Miller's batting average of 51.60 is the highest in the team. Piyush Chawla has played 87 matches, the most by any KXIP player. The most wickets have been taken by Chawla, with 84, which is 37 more than any other KXIP player. Chawla has batted the most innings with 51. Kumar Sangakkara has effected the most stumpings in the team.
The first list includes all players who have played in at least one match for KXIP and is initially listed alphabetically by their last name. The second list comprises all those players who have captained the team in at least one match, arranged in the order of the first match as captain. Many players have also represented other teams of the IPL, but only the records of their games for KXIP are given.

</doc>
<doc id="36718505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718505" title="CloudCompare">
CloudCompare

CloudCompare is a 3D point cloud processing software (such as those obtained with a laser scanner). It can also handle triangular meshes and calibrated images.
Originally created during a collaboration between Telecom ParisTech and the R&D division of EDF, the CloudCompare project began in 2003 with the PhD of Daniel Girardeau-Montaut on "Change detection on 3D geometric data". At that time, its main purpose was to quickly detect changes in 3D high density point clouds acquired with laser scanners in industrial facilities (such as power plants) or building sites. Afterwards it evolved towards a more general and advanced 3D data processing software. It is now an independent open source project and a free software.
CloudCompare provides a set of basic tools for manually editing and rendering 3D points clouds and triangular meshes. It also offers various advanced processing algorithms, among which methods for performing:
CloudCompare can handle unlimited scalar fields per point cloud on which various dedicated algorithms can be applied (smoothing, gradient evaluation, statistics, etc.). A dynamic color rendering system helps the user to visualize per-point scalar fields in an efficient way. "Therefore, CloudCompare can also be used to visualize N-D data."
The user can interactively segment 3D entities (with a 2D polyline drawn on screen), interactively rotate/translate one ore several entities relatively to the others, interactively pick single points or couples of points (to get the corresponding segment length) or triplets of points (to get the corresponding angle and plane normal). The latest version also supports the creation of 2D labels attached to points or rectangular areas annotations.
CloudCompare is available on Windows, Linux and Mac OS X platforms, for both 32 and 64 bits architectures. It is developed in C++ with Qt.
Input/Output.
CloudCompare supports input/output in the following formats:
Moreover thanks to a collaboration with Pr. Irwin Scollar (creator of AirPhoto SE, a program for the geometric rectification of aerial images & orthophotos from multiple images), CloudCompare can also import Snavely's Bundler SfM software output file (.out) to generate orthorectified images (directly as image files or as 2D point clouds) and an approximated DTM (based on Bundler key-points) colored with images data.
CloudCompare can also import various other formats: Aveva PDMS '.mac' scripts ("supported primitives: cylinder, plane, cone, torus, dish, box, snout and profile extrusion"), SOI (from old Mensi "Soisic" scanners), PN, PV, POV, ICM, etc. Eventually, CloudCompare can also export Maya ASCII files (MA).
Plugins.
A plugin mechanism enables further extension of CloudCompare capabilities. Two kinds of plugins are available:

</doc>
<doc id="36718529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718529" title="Miguel Guedes">
Miguel Guedes

Miguel Guedes (Porto, May 10, 1972) is a Portuguese musician, songwriter, singer, and the frontman member of Portuguese band Blind Zero. He is also an employee of the GDA - "Cooperativa de Gestão dos Direitos dos Artistas Intérpretes ou Executantes", dealing with related rights issues. Miguel graduated in law by the University of Coimbra.

</doc>
<doc id="36718539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718539" title="Team Korea">
Team Korea

Team Korea is the brand name used since 2010 by the Korean Olympic Committee (KOC) and Korean Paralympic Committee for their Korea Olympic team. 

</doc>
<doc id="36718541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718541" title="List of highways numbered 469">
List of highways numbered 469

The following highways are numbered 469:

</doc>
<doc id="36718542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718542" title="Hanging On">
Hanging On

"Hanging On" is a song by American recording artist Active Child from his debut studio album, "You Are All I See" (2011). It was written by Active Child and Ariel Rechtshaid, and produced by Rechtshaid. The song's music video, directed by T.S. Pfeffer and Robert McHugh, debuted on January 19, 2012. English singer Ellie Goulding covered "Hanging On" in 2012, while Australian alternative rock band Something for Kate included an acoustic cover of the song as a bonus track on the two-disc special edition of their 2012 album "Leave Your Soul to Science".
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "You Are All I See".
Ellie Goulding version.
In 2012, "Hanging On" was covered by English recording artist Ellie Goulding for her second studio album, "Halcyon". An alternative version featuring English rapper Tinie Tempah was released as a free download on 10 July 2012 via Goulding's SoundCloud page, serving as a promotional single for the album. The accompanying music video was directed by Ben Newbury and released on 13 July.
Goulding's cover version was featured in the "Gossip Girl" episode "The Revengers", the "Nikita" episode "Til Death Do Us Part" and on the soundtrack to the 2013 film adaptation of "The Host". In February 2013, the Living Phantoms remix of the song was used in the "From Ashes" live-action trailer for the PlayStation 3 video game "". The remix of the song by I See MONSTAS was included on the soundtrack to the 2014 film adaption of "Divergent".
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Halcyon".

</doc>
<doc id="36718552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718552" title="Mignon è partita">
Mignon è partita

Mignon è partita (internationally released as Mignon Has Come to Stay) is a 1988 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Archibugi. The film won five David di Donatello awards for Best New Director, Best Screenplay, Best Actress (Stefania Sandrelli), Best Supporting Actor (Massimo Dapporto) and Best Sound.

</doc>
<doc id="36718568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718568" title="Archeological site of Alba-la-Romaine">
Archeological site of Alba-la-Romaine

The archaeological site of Alba-la-Romaine, corresponding to the Gallo-Roman city of "Alba Augusta Helviorum" or "Alba Helviorum" ("Alba of the Helvii") is located near the present town of Alba-la-Romaine. The site is in the French department of Ardèche, Rhône-Alpes. During the Roman Imperial era, Alba was the capital of the Celtic-speaking polity of Helvii, which had territory covering the area of lower Vivarais.
History.
A settlement is likely to have existed at the site of Alba before the "civitas" of the Helvii came under Roman rule, and there are indications of an early oppidum near the Chaulène plateau, northwest of Alba. The excavations west of the site ("Saint-Pierre") comes with lithic debris from the end of the third millennium. At the site of two "domus" south-east of the site ("home field Delauzun"), a habitat La Tène III (first century) also was revealed by the discovery of imported ceramics, as well as collars, handles, or lips of wine amphoras, and Italy and Allobrogian currency, issued before the third quarter of the first century. Other oppida are known in the territory of Helvii, such as at Jastres North. Their neighbors to the north were the Segusiavi, to the west the Vellavi and Gabali, and to the south the Volcae Arecomici.
In 121 BC, the Arverni, a Celtic people from the Auvergne, were defeated by the Roman consul Fabius Maximus. Their king, Bituitos, was taken to Rome and paraded in a Roman triumph. Fabius Maximus managed to dissociate the Helvii and Allobroges from the Arverni, and drew them instead into an alliance with Rome. In 83 BC, the leader of the Helvii was granted Roman citizenship by the proconsul Gaius Valerius Flaccus, and incorporated his patron's name into his own, becoming Gaius Valerius Caburus. One of his two sons, Gaius Valerius Troucillus, was highly regarded by Caesar, and employed by him as an interpreter and diplomatic liaison during the Gallic Wars. In 52 BC, the Helvii held the border of the Roman province against an invasion of forces sent by Vercingetorix. Subsequently, Alba adopted privilege of Roman law.
Attached first to the Gaul aquitaine at Strabo, the site was integrated into the Narbonnaise. "The starting point of Roman roads to Valencia, Lyon and Vienna by the bank of the Rhone, on the other hand to Bourg-Saint-Andéol and Narbonne, finally to Gergovie – excluding roads; center an agricultural region and especially viticulture centre of regional trade, Gaul, and even imperial (...), Alba is from the first century a major city", says Marcel Le Glay.
Christianity came to the region at the end of the first century, though the time the first episcopal see of the region was established is uncertain. After its decline and abandonment, probably at the end of the third century, the city was abandoned in the middle of the fourth century in favor of Viviers.
Against the wall of the Jewish cemetery in the northern district of Bonn, Germany is a relief of the gravestone of the first known inhabitants of Bonn. The tombstone inscription, translated from Latin, means:
The ancient city, not counting its enclosure, spans thirty hectares and was bounded by the necropolis of Saint-Martin (first to second century AD) to the southeast and Saint-Pierre (second to fourth centuries AD) to the west. Its perimeter is estimated at four kilometres. No reliable estimation of the city's population is available.
Archeology.
North ward.
The area that is now called Bagnols contains the first traces of settlement on the plain of Alba. The ancient city is part of the area and then spread to the place called the Palace of around monumental center.
North of the ancient city, as the city grows, is Gallo-Roman popular housing and a commercial property. From the first century AD, allegiance Helviens to the Emperor and complete integration into the Roman Empire is evidenced in the site. In 1992, a statue of a deified emperor was found. The site of the statue is connected to the center of the city by a monumental processional route. However, traces of abandonment and reuse of stones of the sanctuary are in evidence from the third century, an early sign of the abandonment of Roman ideals and living.
Monumental forum.
On a forum dated to the second century, located at the top of the monumental center of the city, there was discovered a sarcophagus. On it is enumerates four drapers ("centonarii"), construction workers (" manufacturer "), Utricularia ("utriclarii" ) and suppliers of wooden constructions ("dendrophori") all of which seem related to the wine trade. The forum rests today in the vineyard, and has been identified through surveys during excavations.
In the north, a building serving the public consisting of four wings is built around a garden with two ponds. Its function is unclear.
In the south, the sacred space consists of two buildings built gantry in a row. The south portico, which contained neat decor (marble veneers, soft limestone columns, floor mosaic with geometric decoration), is a covered porch that opens onto a courtyard. A temple with vestibule (" pronaos") and a large room (" cella") is at the center of the court. South of the temple is a court and place of trade.
Hydraulic structures underground.
A complex network of pipes was discovered in 1966, forty metres south of the paved road. The main pipe from the creek bed runs first south and then turns at a right angle to the west. The construction of the is of marked quality. Small holes were drilled in the left wall of buildings in the city that allowed for water infiltration. On the right walls were arranged small secondary channels, ensuring water evacuation. On one pipe, there is an inscription dedicating the water supply to the individual responsible for its construction.
The theater.
Southeast, a theater is crossed by the stream. Excavations have revealed that the development of the theatre was done in three stages. The oldest theater—made of bleachers, earth, and wooden boards—only occupies the right bank of the creek that found later channeled. It dates from the end of the first century. The first reconstruction was effected in 30-45 AD, and a second at the beginning of the second century.
On the right bank of the creek, four walls and semi-circular concentric bore the steps of the cavea seats reserved for spectators, only one remains. Could be accessed from the outside by vaulted passages (vomitoria). The orchestra which took place on seats of honor three rows of privileged spectators remain several large slabs semicircle. A long oblique wall, south of the theater, must have belonged to an important building. The scene was laid in the passage of the stream. On its left bank stood the stage wall and rear, an enclosed courtyard.
The private baths.
South-west of the ancient city and the modern village entrance are spa, set infive rooms aligned from north to south. On the first level was a cloakroom ("apodyterium"), a basin with coated marble slabs, and a cold room ("frigidarium"). On the second level were three rooms ("caldarium" and "tepidarium") between which the hot air circulated. Due to the size of the rooms, these spa have been suggested to be public baths. Coins were found in the peripheral rooms.
Basalts.
The site and its sanctuary are less than a hundred meters north of the baths. It seems to be composed of buildings for agricultural or crafts and more modest dwellings.
Villas.
Luxurious dwellings were discovered accidentally in 1967 in the south-east of the city, near to the river Escoutay, in a field. It is on this site that various objects (lamp oil, coins, and animal bones) were found. These remain the oldest fragments of amphorae and ceramics imported from Italy at the time the site was active. In the first house, there is a garden, dining room ("triclinium"), and a small room still partially provided with its hypocaust heating device.
The second house does not comply with the alignment of the street. It has yielded mosaics dated later than those of the first house, from the end of the second or early third century.

</doc>
<doc id="36718579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718579" title="2004 Star World Championships">
2004 Star World Championships

The 2004 Star World Championship were held in Gaeta, Italy between April 23 and May 1, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="36718598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718598" title="Joaquín Cera">
Joaquín Cera

Joaquín Cera (born 1967 in Barcelona) is a Spanish comic book writer more famous for his "Pafman" strip.
He studied in the comic school Escola Joso and he began his career in the world of humor when he signed by Editorial Bruguera, where he started to draw cartoons in the "Mortadelo" magazine, that soon disappeared, along with the editorial. 
With the creation in 1986 of Ediciones B, that inherited the rights of Bruguera publications, Cera went on the payroll, beginning the most prolific period of his career as a cartoonist. Sometimes alone, with characters like "Pafman" (created in 1987, about a bumbling superhero with an anthropomorphous cat siderick) or "Dr. Pacostein" (created in 1991 about the misadventures of a mad scientist in love with a nurse of his job), sometimes making tandem with Juan Carlos Ramis with characters such as "Los Xunguis" (a group of thug extraterrestrials) or some pages featuring the characters of Escobar "Zipi y Zape", Cera was one of the authors with more collaborations in the Ediciones B magazines of the 1990s, with strips in the magazines "TBO", "Súper Mortadelo" and "Súper Zipi y Zape". In fact, the Ramis-Cera duet aptly complemented works of distinguished authors such as Ibáñez, Escobar (Cera helped him with the ink in his last pages), Jan or Raf. 
In 1996, the publisher of Ediciones B decided to close all comic magazines and the authors, except for Ibánez and Jan, were dispatched. Cera then started to work as a screenwriter for child television programs such as "Con mucha marcha" and cartoon series of Neptuno Films such as "La vaca Connie" o "Bandolero". Still, the artist returned to work for Ediciones B with his partner and friend Ramis in the project to resurrect the comic characters of the twin brothers "Zipi y Zape", but it only lasted 8 albums. Other characters of the duo had better luck such as "Los Xunguis" of which are published albums since 1992, and on an annual basis since 2000 specially puzzle books. In 2004, Ediciones B decided to publish new adventures of his most successful character, the idiot superhero "Pafman" in the "Top Cómic" collection. The first issue was "Pafman redevuelve" and the series remains open, with a new album per year.

</doc>
<doc id="36718610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718610" title="John Warren (Canadian musician)">
John Warren (Canadian musician)

John Warren (born 23 September 1938 in Montreal, Canada) is a Canadian Jazz musician (saxophone) and composer, known for the cooperation with John Surman and Mike Westbrook.
Career.
Warren has played with many of the UK's most notable modernists like John Surman and Mike Westbrook, beginning in the '60s. He was a regular member of Mike Westbrook Concert Band and The Mike Westbrook Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="36718612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718612" title="Heinrich von Berenberg-Gossler">
Heinrich von Berenberg-Gossler

Baron Heinrich von Berenberg-Gossler (born 1907, died 1997) was a German banker, a member of the illustrious Berenberg-Gossler banking dynasty, and owner and head of Berenberg Bank.
He was the son of Baron Cornelius von Berenberg-Gossler and Nadia, née Oesterreich (1887–1962), and the nephew of Senator and Ambassador John von Berenberg-Gossler.
In the 1930s, he worked for the Bank of London and South America in Buenos Aires. He became a partner of Berenberg Bank in 1935 and later Chairman. He was also consul general of Monaco.

</doc>
<doc id="36718630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718630" title="Nickel boride">
Nickel boride

Nickel borides are inorganic compounds with the chemical formula NixBy, where x and y vary. A common formula is Ni2B, which is available in two forms, known as P−1 and P−2. Other less common borides of nickel are NiB, Ni3B, "o"-Ni4B3 and "m"-Ni4B3 ("o" for orthogonal, "m" for metastable).
This article focuses mainly on the most common nickel boride, Ni2B.
Structure and composition.
Ni2B is amorphous composed of nickel bonded to individual boron centres. The two forms P−1 and P−2 differ in terms of amount of their contamination by NaBO2 adsorbed on the surface. P−1 Ni2B has an oxide to boride ratio of 1:4, whereas that of P−2 Ni2B is 10:1. Their properties differ in terms of catalytic efficiency and substrate specificity.
Preparation.
The preparation of amorphous nickel boride is simple compared with other borides which requires high temperatures, special techniques and equipment.
The P−1 form of Ni2B can be generated by mixing nickel(II) sulfate and sodium borohydride in alkaline aqueous solutions. The P−2 form is prepared similarly from Nickel(II) acetate and sodium borohydride in ethanol. The product precipitates as a fine, black amorphous powder. These catalysts were usually generated "in situ", which involves the use of NiCl2/NaBH4 mixture system.
Properties.
Nickel boride is in the form of black amorphous powder or black granules. It is insoluble in all solvents, but reacts with concentrated mineral acids. The solid is air stable. As expected for a boride, it has a high melting point.
Applications.
Ni2B is an efficient catalyst and reducing agent. It is used as a heterogeneous hydrogenation catalyst.
Catalytic hydrogenation.
The catalytic activity of P−1 is insensitive to steric hindrance of side chains on the substrate and thus more active, and seldom affects protecting groups. In contrast, P−2 is very sensitive to steric factors. For these reasons, P−1 is usually used for the complete reduction of unsaturated hydrocarbons under mild conditions, while P−2 is useful in partial reductions such as converting alkynes to alkenes in high yields:
The H2/Ni2B system will not hydrogenolyse ethers, alcohols, aldehydes, amines and amides as it reduces alkenes in preference, even under forcing conditions. It leaves epoxides unaffected, but affects cyclopropanes occasionally. Most esters are stable to Ni2B, except for benzylic, allylic and propargylic esters which are hydrogenlyzed:
Desulfurization.
The NiCl2/NaBH4 system desulfurizes thioamides, thioethers, thioesters, thiols and sulfides. Organic sulfides, disulfides, thiols, and sulfoxides are reduced to hydrocarbons by NiCl2/NaBH4 to hydrocarbons. Illustrated is the reduction of phenothiazine to diphenylamine:
Ni2B can also be used to cleave thioacetals. Since Ni2B is non-pyrophoric, stable in air, and give high yields in many cases, it is proposed as a safer alternative to Raney Nickel for removal of cyclic thioacetals.Desulfurization catalyzed by Ni2B proved to occur with retention of configuration by isotopic labeling.
Reduction of nitrogenous groups.
The NiCl2/NaBH4 system reduces aliphatic nitro groups, nitriles and oximes completely to amines. For aryl amines, nitrobenzenes are converted to anilines, and azoxybenzenes to azobenzenes. Azides are cleanly reduced to amines in preference to sterically hindered aliphatic nitro groups:
Dehalogenation.
Most organic fluorides and chlorides are unaffected by Ni2B, bromides show variable reactivity, and iodides are often completely reduced to hydrocarbons. With Ni2B in DMF, α-bromoketones are reduced to the parent ketones. Vicinal bromides are dehalogenated to alkenes:
For aryl bromides, the modified system Ni(PPh3)3Cl2/NaBH4 in DMF is used for clean debromination. Reductive cleavage of iodides occurs with retention of configuration.
Safety.
Nickel compounds are possible carcinogens and contact with skin should be avoided. Particular care should be taken whenever NiCl2/NaBH4 is used in DMF as sodium borohydride may spontaneously ignite in DMF.

</doc>
<doc id="36718633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718633" title="Kunwarjibhai Mohanbhai Bavaliya">
Kunwarjibhai Mohanbhai Bavaliya

Kunwarjibhai Mohanbhai Bavaliya is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Rajkot constituency of Gujarat and is a member of the Indian National Congress political party.
Education & background.
Bavaliya holds B.Sc & B.Ed degrees from Saurashtra University and Gujarat University. He was a farmer by profession before joining politics.

</doc>
<doc id="36718676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718676" title="Delman Coates">
Delman Coates

Reverend Delman L. Coates (born 1973) is an American Christian minister and the Senior Pastor of Mt. Ennon Baptist Church, a megachurch located in Clinton, Maryland. He is a board member of the Parents Television Council, and National Action Network. Coates is a graduate of Morehouse College (B.A. in Religion, 1995), Harvard Divinity School (M.Div., 1998), and Columbia University (M.Phil. in Religion, 2002, Ph.D. in New Testament & Early Christianity, 2006). He is a member of the Society of Biblical Literature, Morehouse College Board of Preachers, NAACP, and a board member of the Parents Television Council, "The African American Pulpit", and National Action Network. In 2010, Coates was elected an officer in the Hampton University Ministers’ Conference, the largest ecumenical body of African American ministers in the U.S.
Background.
Since 2004, he served as senior pastor, increasing the congregation membership to over 8,000. During his service, he revitalized the ministry, doubling the size of the campus and land holdings of the church, incorporating Mount Ennon Development Corporation, and contributing to the community in Prince George's County, Maryland.
Under his leadership, the church has engaged in media and healthcare reform advocacy. Coates also played a significant role in the debate for marriage equality in Maryland, mobilizing support for the referendum in 2012. He stated that his position doesn't deviate from Scripture so much as it underscores biblical principles—and those of civil rights. "We have fought for inclusion, for freedom of religion," he said, "so that means if I want to be free to exercise my own religious beliefs, I have to extend that same courtesy and right to others, regardless of what I may think they do in private." "Outreach" magazine named Mt. Ennon as one of the "100 Fastest Growing Congregations" in the United States in 2009.
Coates is committed to a ministry of spiritual renewal, social justice, and community revitalization. He ministers at churches, seminaries, and conferences across the United States. In 2008, "The African American Pulpit" named him one of the "20 To Watch."
Maryland House of Delegates member Heather Mizeur named Coates as her running mate in the 2014 race for governor.

</doc>
<doc id="36718691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718691" title="Müşfik Kenter">
Müşfik Kenter

Müşfik Kenter (9 September 1932 – 15 August 2012) was a Turkish(English descent from his maternal side. [http://encyclopedia.jrank.org/articles/pages/5765/Kenter-Yildiz-1928.html])theatre and voice actor.
On 14 August 2012, local news outlets reported that Kenter had been admitted to the intensive care unit at F.N. Hospital and diagnosed with pulmonary infection due to lung cancer. On the same day, the assertions were denied by Kenter's wife, Kadriye Kenter (née Demirel), who said that he was having routine checkups.
He died on 15 August 2012 at the age of 79 in Istanbul. In further reports, it was revealed that he had been diagnosed with cancer in early June 2012. This followed the death of his handicapped son Mahmut, a son from his first marriage with Esin Şerbetçi, who died at the age of 46 on 27 May 2012 due to respiratory problems.

</doc>
<doc id="36718701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718701" title="Lee Yong-bal">
Lee Yong-bal

Lee Yong-Bal (; born 15 March 1973) is a South Korean retired footballer who played as a Goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="36718705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718705" title="Exoteliospora">
Exoteliospora

The Exoteliospora is a monotypic genus of smut fungi in the family Melanopsichiaceae containing the single species Exoteliospora osmundae.

</doc>
<doc id="36718720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718720" title="SS Flying Lark">
SS Flying Lark

SS "Flying Lark" was a cargo ship that traded from 1915 until 1958. Fredrikstad Mekaniske Verksted of Fredrikstad, Norway built her as the banana boat SS "Honduras". Her career lasted 43 years, in which time she had 10 successive owners, eight successive names and a succession of different managers. In 1957 her final owners renamed her "Flying Lark". In 1958 she was trading in Indonesia when the CIA attacked and sank her, killing at least nine of her crew.
"Honduras" was a conventional small cargo steamship of her era, equipped with two fire tube boilers supplying one 3-cylinder triple-expansion steam engine. There is some discrepancy over her nominal horsepower: one source states that her engine produced 258 NHP but another states that it was only 188 NHP.
Changes of owner, registry and name.
"Honduras" was built for Peder Johannesen's "Dampskibsselskab Globe" ("Globe Steamship Co") of Tønsberg, which registered her in Kristiania, Norway. In 1918 P. Johannesen sold "Honduras" to C.H.F. Jensen and in 1920 her management was transferred to S. Dreyer. Both Jensen and Dreyer were based in Kristiania, which from 1925 was renamed Oslo.
In 1934 "Honduras" was sold to Weinberger Banana Co who renamed her Tuxpam and registered her in Bluefields, Nicaragua. In 1938 she was transferred to Weinberger Steam Ship Co and in 1939 she was renamed Denny. In the same year she was sold to "Akc. Bve. Leituvos Baltijos Lloydas" ("Lithuanian Baltic Lloyd") of Šventoji, Lithuania, who renamed her Trakai. In June 1942 the United States Maritime Commission took her over, registered her in Panama City and placed her in the management of Agwilines Inc. of Panama. Management was transferred to the United Fruit Company in September 1943, then to Lykes Brothers Steamship Company in October 1944 and back to United Fruit Co in July 1945. In October 1945 "Trakai" was laid up.
In 1946 "Trakai" was sold to Hadjilias Interests' "Compañía de Navegación Insular S.A." of Panama who registered her in Greece and renamed her Phoenix. In 1948 she was sold to "Société Maritime Auxiliare de Transports" of Basle, Switzerland, who renamed her Ville de Genève and registered her in Rouen, France. In 1955 she was sold to D.S. Zabasas and others of Beirut, Lebanon who registered her in Greece and renamed her Ionion.
In 1957 she was sold to Chiap Huah Shipping Co of Panama (the shipping subsidiary of Chiap Huah Manufactory of Hong Kong) who renamed her Flying Lark and registered her in Panama. By now the ship was trading as a general cargo ship rather than a banana boat.
Bombed and sunk by the CIA.
At the end of April 1958 "Flying Lark" was in Amboina Harbour in Indonesia loading a cargo of copra. On 28 April a Douglas B-26 Invader bomber aircraft, operated by the CIA and painted black and with no markings, bombed and damaged her. The attack killed nine of the crew and another six were reported missing. The damaged "Flying Lark" stayed afloat for at least two days, but sank on or after 30 April.
In the same attack, the same aircraft hit and sank the merchant ships and . One source asserts that all three ships were off the port of Donggala near Palu in Central Sulawesi (at least west of Ambon) when they were hit. This now appears doubtful, as "Aquila"s wreck seems to have been identified in Ambon Bay. Another source states that "Flying Lark" was attacked on 1 or 2 May. This may result partly from confusion between the date she was bombed and the date she sank.
The attack was part of a CIA covert operation to support right-wing Permesta rebels in North Sulawesi to destabilise President Sukarno's government of Indonesia. The CIA pilots had orders to target foreign merchant ships in order to drive foreign trade away from Indonesian waters, thereby weakening the Indonesian economy in the belief that this would undermine Sukarno.
The pilot was the CIA and former USAF pilot Allen Pope. On 18 May the Indonesian Navy and Air Force shot down Pope's aircraft and captured him, after which the USA rapidly aborted the CIA mission and reversed its policy towards Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="36718725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718725" title="JY Pillay">
JY Pillay

Joseph Yubaraj Manuel Pillay, (b. 30 March 1934, Klang, Malaya), also known as J. Y. Pillay, served 34 years (until 1995) as a top-ranking civil servant and an entrepreneur. He is one of the pioneers who helped build the Singapore economy after its separation from Malaysia in 1965.
Career.
His most significant contribution was building Singapore Airlines (SIA) into a world-class carrier. He is one of the few Civil Service officers to reach Staff Grade III.
He was the Chairman of the Singapore Exchange between 1999 and 2010.
He is currently the Chairman of Tiger Airways Holdings and the Council of Presidential Advisers.
Awards.
In 2012, the National University of Singapore (NUS) set up two professorships in his honour, for his contributions.
For his public service, Pillay was awarded the Order of Nila Utama (First Class), one of Singapore's most prestigious National Day Awards on 9 August 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36718741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718741" title="Federação Nacional dos Trabalhadores de Angola">
Federação Nacional dos Trabalhadores de Angola

Federação Nacional dos Trabalhadores de Angola ('National Federation of Workers of Angola', abbreviated FNTA) was a small Angolan trade union organization in exile, based in Kinshasa. FNTA was founded in mid-1964 by dissidents from UNTA. S. David N'Dombasie was the general secretary of FNTA. FNTA was largely based in the Bazombo ethnic group.
Soon after its foundation, FNTA began seeking financial support from trade union bodies abroad (as did many other exiled groups in Kinshasa). FNTA appealed to the American AFL-CIO for material support.
FNTA joined hands with UGTA and CGTA in denouncing the UNTA-led coalition CUACSA, following a CUACSA statement denouncing the other Kinshasa-based unions.
As of 1967, FNTA had ceased to exist.

</doc>
<doc id="36718749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718749" title="SS Tuxpam">
SS Tuxpam

SS "Tuxpam" can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="36718763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718763" title="Cashless catering">
Cashless catering

Cashless catering is a prepay point of sale (POS) technology that allows transactions with the absence of cash at the time of purchase. It is used in canteens, particularly those in schools. The use of the technology has expanded to include music festivals such as Ottawa Bluesfest and Wireless Festival, where the system has been integrated into RFID wristbands.
System.
Users of the system have a profile which stores information such as the account balance, personal details and a photograph for verification purposes. Cashless catering systems can use a variety of user identification methods:
The cost to a high school of setting up a cashless catering system is approximately £21,000 GBP; for primary schools it is £7,500. Systems require annual maintenance at approximately £2,500 for high schools and £1,000 for primary schools.

</doc>
<doc id="36718769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718769" title="Gradski stadion Luke (Mrkonjić Grad)">
Gradski stadion Luke (Mrkonjić Grad)

Gradski Stadion Luke is a multi-purpose stadium in Mrkonjić Grad, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Sloboda Mrkonjić Grad of the First League of the Republika Srpska. The stadium holds 2,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="36718770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718770" title="Poonamben Veljibhai Jat">
Poonamben Veljibhai Jat

Poonamben Veljibhai Jat (born 9 April 1971) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Bharatiya Janata Party.She was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from the Kachchh constituency in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36718772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718772" title="Lao Police Club">
Lao Police Club

Lao Police Club is a football club from Laos. They were champions of the Lao League in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36718774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718774" title="Pearl Casias">
Pearl Casias

Pearl Casias has lived on the Southern Ute reservation her entire life and is dedicated to seeing through Tribal rights, sovereignty, and the future success of her people. As a former Council Member and Tribal Judge, she has enacted and helped pass several key pieces of legislation that contributed to the prosperity the Tribe currently enjoys. Ute Tribal Traditions are enormously important to her and it is her hope to see them last through future generations; as she carefully balances this with technological adaptations into the 21st century, trying to maintain these customs as well as continuing to move forward and thrive as a people.
Quotes.
She is quoted as saying; “The Southern Ute Indian Tribe (Tribe) embarked on a strategy of taking control of its natural resources for the benefit of our tribal members. In the interim, the Tribe has become a major producer of natural gas in the United States, and along the way has earned “AAA” ratings from national credit rating agencies, to the United States Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. “I’m on cloud nine...its phenomenal that in six years we were able to pull this off," Casias said in a statement after the Tribe was awarded the AAA credit rating, the first American Indian Nation to earn the rare rating.
Work.
In 2011 Casias was elected as the first Chairwoman in the history of Southern Ute Tribal council; a symbol of the traditional egalitarian ways the Utes experienced prior to colonization. The special election was held after former Chairman Matthew Box resigned. Her integrity, experience, and dedication to her people, make her an excellent envoy of the esteemed Southern Ute Tribe. Clement J. Frost has preceded her as chairperson. Her dedication to Tribal sovereignty has led her to do consulting work for other Tribes after she retired.

</doc>
<doc id="36718777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718777" title="German submarine U-299">
German submarine U-299

German submarine "U-299" was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" during World War II.
She was laid down on 1 March 1943 by the Bremer Vulkan "Werft" (yard) at Bremen-Vegesack as 'werk' 64, launched on 6 November 1943 and commissioned on 15 December with "Oberleutnant zur See" Helmuth Heinrich in command.
In six patrols, she sank no ships. She was a member of one wolfpack.
She surrendered at Kristiansand-Sud in May 1945 and was sunk as part of Operation "Deadlight" in December.
Service history.
The boat's service life began with training with the 8th U-boat Flotilla in December 1943. She was then transferred to the 11th flotilla for operations on 1 August 1944. She was reassigned to the 13th flotilla on 5 November and moved again to the 14th flotilla on 1 March 1945.
1st and 2nd patrols.
"U-295"s first patrol was notable in that she came under air attack on 16 July 1944. The commander was wounded. She had been part of a defence line off the Norwegian coast.
She then embarked on a pair of short journeys between Bergen, Larvik and Kristiansand.
Her second foray, between Kristiansand and Bergen was uneventful.
3rd and 4th patrols.
The submarine's third sortie took her into the Barents Sea, off Murmansk.
Her fourth patrol started in Trondheim and finished in Bogenbrucht, (west of Narvik).
5th patrol.
She departed Bogenbrucht on 18 January 1945 and arrived at Trondheim on the 21st.
6th patrol and fate.
The boat departed Trondheim on 24 January 1945. Her route covered the North and Norwegian Seas. She docked in Kristiansand on 15 April. She was at sea for 84 days, her longest patrol.
She surrendered at Kristiansand-sud on 9 May 1945 and in accordance with the terms, she was transferred to Loch Ryan in western Scotland for Operation "Deadlight" on the 29th. Having been towed out to the scuttling area by , she was sunk without ceremony on 4 December.

</doc>
<doc id="36718789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718789" title="Melanotaenium">
Melanotaenium

The Melanotaenium is a genus of smut fungi in the family Melanopsichiaceae.

</doc>
<doc id="36718796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718796" title="Benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood">
Benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood

Benign paroxysmal vertigo of childhood is an uncommon disorder of children which presents with recurrent episodes of dizzyness. The exact cause is unknown with some believing it is related to benign paroxysmal positional vertigo and other believing it is related to migraines.

</doc>
<doc id="36718801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718801" title="Vitthalbhai Hansrajbhai Radadiya">
Vitthalbhai Hansrajbhai Radadiya

Vitthalbhai Hansrajbhai Radadiya is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Porbandar constituency of Gujarat and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party political party.
Early life.
Radadiya holds B.A. degree. He was a Social worker before joining politics.
Radadiya, in the early 1990's, joined the BJP and after he had joined the INC. In 2013, he re-joined BJP. 
His son, Jayesh Radadiya is also a politician and also holds the portfolio for Gujarat Minister of Tourism and, separately, of Aviation.

</doc>
<doc id="36718807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718807" title="Song Reader">
Song Reader

Song Reader is a book of sheet music by American alternative music artist Beck released on December 11, 2012. The book includes 20 songs worth of sheet music and more than 100 pages of art. The book's publisher, McSweeney's, also announced that versions of the songs performed by other musicians will be featured on its website. Links to YouTube and SoundCloud performances of the songs can be contributed to the official web site for the project, songreader.net.
Beck began working on the project in 2004 and released it as an "album," rather than a book of sheet music. In 2013 Beck played three concerts with a variety of guests featuring the "Song Reader" material. He also said he was working on a record of "Song Reader" with other musicians and would like to also release a compilation of fan versions.
Rolling Stone named it 50th on their list of 50 best albums of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36718816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718816" title="Conference on the Application of Esperanto in Science and Technology">
Conference on the Application of Esperanto in Science and Technology

Conference on the Application of Esperanto in Science and Technology (, KAEST), in formerly also Application of Esperanto in Science and Technology (, AEST) and Seminar on the Application of Esperanto in Science and Technology (, SAEST) is a biennial conference on the application of the international language Esperanto in science and technology.
The conference first took place in 1978 in Czechoslovakia. Following the dissolution of Czechoslovakia, it first remained in the Czech Republic, until it was transferred in 2010 to Slovakia, where it is currently being organized by the nonprofit organization E@I. Latest KAEST took place in Modra, Slovakia, from the 15th to 18 November 2012. It included a Wikipedia workshop aimed at both beginners and advanced users, organized in cooperation with Wikimedia Slovakia. Upcoming KAEST will take place from the 13th to 16 November 2014 also in Modra, with this year's topic being "Archives and libraries – how to protect and keep our heritage".

</doc>
<doc id="36718822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718822" title="Fernande Caroen">
Fernande Caroen

Fernande Caroen (27 July 1920, Ostend – 16 April 1998, Ostend) was a Belgian freestyle swimmer. She participated in the 1948 Summer Olympics and finished fourth in the 400m freestyle event. She won two bronze medals in the same event at the 1938 and 1947 European Aquatics Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="36718823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718823" title="Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics">
Judo at the 2012 Summer Paralympics

The Judo competition of the 2012 Summer Paralympics was held in ExCeL London from 30 August to 1 September. There were 13 events, corresponded to seven weight classes for men and six for women. At the Paralympics, judo was contested by visually impaired athletes.

</doc>
<doc id="36718826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718826" title="American Fork Cemetery Rock Wall">
American Fork Cemetery Rock Wall

The American Fork Cemetery Rock Wall on N. 100 e. in American Fork, Utah was built in 1937 and 1938. It was a work of the Works Progress Administration. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.
The south wall is 923 feet long and the east wall is 817 feet long, ignoring breaks for entrances.

</doc>
<doc id="36718850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718850" title="Leptospermum polygalifolium subsp. montanum">
Leptospermum polygalifolium subsp. montanum

Leptospermum polygalifolium subsp. montanum known as the Mountain Tea Tree or Tantoon is a shrub or small tree found in eastern Australia. The original specimen was collected in 1912 near Yarrowitch. This plant is a sub-species of the Tantoon of the Myrtle family. It resembles other plants commonly referred to as “tea trees” or "paperbarks". The sub-species term "montanum" refers to its habitat of high altitudes. "Polygalifolium" is derived from Latin, referring to the resemblance of the leaves to certain members of the Polygala.
Habitat.
It grows at the heads of mountain streams, or in rocky areas within crevices with shallow soils, often derived from granite or basalt. Usually seen in relatively fire free areas at high altitude in rainforests or rainforest margins north of the Barrington Tops region. The most northerly recoding is at Mount Cordeaux.
Description.
Usually seen as a shrub, one to seven metres tall. Though at Mount Hyland Nature Reserve it grows to 25 metres tall and a stem diameter of 56 cm. The trunk is not regular, with vertical flutings, particularly near the base. Bark is papery on older trees, greyish or pale brown. New branchlets are thin with soft silky hairs. Leaves are alternate on the stem, 10 to 15 mm long, 3 to 5 mm wide, usually with a blunt point. Leaf margins curl over, dark green above, paler below the leaf. Silky hairs appear on the young leaves. Leaves are reverse lanceolate to elliptic in shape. Leaf stems short or indistinct. Oil dots easily noticed under a lens. Only the midrib is visible on the bottom surface of the leaf.
Single white flowers form from October to January, 12 mm in diameter. The hypanthium is around 3.5 mm long, the sepals around 2 mm long. The fruit is a grey hemispherical capsule with a flat base, 6 to 9 mm in diameter. The capsule stalk is 2 to 3 mm long. When opening, the capsule reveals five widely spreading valves. Fruit matures from October to April.

</doc>
<doc id="36718853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718853" title="Julio Rivera">
Julio Rivera

Julio César "Coyote" Rivera González (born 12 April 1967) is a retired Peruvian footballer who played mainly as a winger.
Club career.
Julio Rivera developed as a footballer in the Alianza Lima youth system. He then started his senior career with Segunda División side Escuela Técnica del Ejército (ETE). Later he joined Juvenil Los Ángeles and played there with his brother Óscar Rivera. There Julio made his debut in the Torneo Descentralizado and played for the Moquegua club until the end of the 1991 season.
He would then have his chance to play for Arequipa giants FBC Melgar in the 1992 Torneo Descentralizado season. 
After an impressive season with Melgar, Rivero joined Sporting Cristal in January 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="36718856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718856" title="Robert Chambers (sculptor)">
Robert Chambers (sculptor)

Robert Chambersis an American sculptor from Miami Florida. Most recent puplic artwork is the South Miami Dade Art and Cultural Center. 'Light Field' and 'Adze' and 'Celt'.
Background and education.
He received a BFA from University of Miami in 1983 and an MA from New York University in 1990. He returned later to teach at University of Miami and New York University. and is married to Danish-born painter Mette Tommerup.
Collections.
His sculptures appear in the permanent collections of the Kemper Museum in Kansas City, the Museum of Modern Art in New York City, and the Miami Art Museum. The son of an artist mother and a molecular scientist father, Chambers often includes scientific motifs in his sculptures. He describes his work as having "a sense of experimental playfulness. The rigidity of science, chemistry and physics is broken by a desire to re-contextualize empirical research thru a sculptor's vantage point." Chambers has also used debris from Florida hurricanes in his work.
Chambers' 2004 sculpture "Sugabus", 45 globes of bronze representing the elements of a sucrose molecule in the shape of a poodle, appears at Laumeier Sculpture Park in St. Louis, Missouri. The work's title is a portmanteau of "sugar" and Cerberus, the three-headed dog that guards the underworld in ancient Greek mythology. The sculpture is x x and weights .
Art Basel Miami.
During Art Basel Miami in November 2007, Chambers installed a sculpture titled "Rotorelief" on roof of the Sagamore Hotel. The sculpture consisted of a working helicopter, the blades of which had been replaced by hypnotic discs.

</doc>
<doc id="36718863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718863" title="Raymonde Vergauwen">
Raymonde Vergauwen

Raymonda Elisa Florentina Vergauwen (born 15 March 1928 in Sas van Gent, Zeeland, the Netherlands) is a former Belgian breaststroke swimmer. She won a gold medal in the 200m breaststroke event at the 1950 European Aquatics Championships and participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics, but did not reach the finals.

</doc>
<doc id="36718867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718867" title="Van den Hende">
Van den Hende

van den Hende or Vandenhende is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36718873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718873" title="South &amp; City College Birmingham">
South &amp; City College Birmingham

South & City College Birmingham is an establishment of further education in Birmingham, England. Providing full-time and part-time courses. It was previously known as South Birmingham College.
The college has centres at the following:
South & City College Birmingham is a result of the merger between South Birmingham College & City College Birmingham, South Birmingham College officially changed its name on 1 August 2012. The college is the largest of its kind in Birmingham, with 9 different campuses in total.

</doc>
<doc id="36718880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718880" title="Fabrice Omonga">
Fabrice Omonga

Fabrice Omonga (born 6 February 1984) is a Belgian footballer of Congolese descent. He started his professional career with Brussels, enjoying over two seasons at the highest level of Belgian football, before moving to OH Leuven in the Belgian Second Division, first on loan, then permanently. Afterwards he moved to teams from lower divisions, including WS Woluwe and KRC Mechelen.

</doc>
<doc id="36718895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718895" title="Yelsemia">
Yelsemia

Yelsemia is a genus of smut fungi in the family Melanopsichiaceae containing four species.

</doc>
<doc id="36718897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718897" title="Vandeput">
Vandeput

Vandeput is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36718914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718914" title="Bryan Gasperoni">
Bryan Gasperoni

Bryan Gasperoni (born 26 September 1974) is a Sammarinese footballer. He played as a midfielder for the San Marino national football team with 29 international caps.

</doc>
<doc id="36718915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718915" title="St. Agnes' Academy Legazpi City">
St. Agnes' Academy Legazpi City

St. Agnes Academy, founded in 1912, (formerly Academia de Sta. Ines) is a Benedictine-run school in Legazpi City; the oldest Private school in the province of Albay, Bicol, Philippines.
The school provides education for kindergarten, preschool, elementary and high school. It is a sister school of St. Scholastica's College in Manila. The school is a co-educational institution. In its early history, St. Agnes was an all-girls school but in the 1980s its enrollment was opened to male students.
History.
St. Agnes was originally a convent of the local parish with two teachers before it was converted into a small school that taught religion and home-making.
The first decade - 1910s.
In 1912, Rev. Fr. Juan Calleja, then parish priest of Albay and Vicar Forane, saw the need for its expansion. He then turned to the Rev. John B. McGinley, DD, Bishop of Nueva Caceres, for help. The bishop sought the assistance of the Benedictine Missionary Sisters of Tutzing in Manila and asked them to take over the administration of the school.
The bishop started the school with donations from friends and relatives in the United States. He even sold certain properties of the Diocese of Nueva Caceres, with its ecclesiastical seat located in Naga City. He was criticized for his actions since the money would be spent for a school in Albay.
On 30 May 1912, Benedictine Sisters M. Ferdinanda and M. Edilburgis arrived in Legazpi City. They administered and named the school as Academia de Sta. Ines (St. Agnes Academy). They chose the name because the patron saint of the school is St. Agnes of Rome and in honor of its major benefactor, Agnes, the aunt of Bishop McGinley.
In its first year, the school had 47 pupils and offered boarding facilities. It was run by Sisters Edilburgis and Alexia who also acted as teachers and supervised the boarders. Sr. Johanna joined them in 1913, and Sr. Pudentiana in 1914.
The high school department had a shaky beginning. It opened in June 1917 under Sr. Xavier, but suspended operations in October 1918, and again in December of that year when a typhoon destroyed much of the convent. The death in February 1919 of Sr. Xavier, its only teacher, forced the department to close, and its two third-year students were asked to move to another institution.
The second decade - 1920s.
Again, Bishop McGinley and generous benefactors from the United States, especially his Aunt Agnes, came to the rescue. On 2 January 1920, the cornerstone of a new building on a new site was laid. On 22 February 1921, the new building was inaugurated and the school assumed a new name: St Agnes' Academy.
The high school department reopened in June 1921, with Sr. Augustina as Directress and teacher. A Music Department was established at the same time under the direction of Miss Trinidad Lacson, a graduate of the College of Music of St. Scholastica's College, Manila. A secretarial course was also offered.
The kindergarten opened in June 1922, under Mrs. Francisca Orteza- Benito, but it closed the following year when enrollment declined.
A free school was established at the site of the Academia de Sta. Ines in June 1925 with Sr. Johanna as principal. At the main school, special courses like drawing, painting, culinary arts, home decoration, floristry, lace making, embroidery and sewing were offered.
Spanish, German and French were also taught to those interested in these languages. From the earliest years, membership in the Solidarity of Our Lady was part of the Agnesian's training. The Agnesians was taught to look up to Mary Immaculate as a model of womanhood.
The third decade - 1930s.
By the third decade, teaching catechism had become part of the Agnesian's life. Sister Hedwig, the first Filipino Benedictine nun and pioneer of catechistical work in the province, was the guiding light for this activity.
The kindergarten reopened in 1930 and on 1 June 1931, a new Home Economics building was inaugurated.
The fourth decade - 1940s.
SAA remained open during the early 1940s despite the effects of World War II. However, because the American "liberators" were bombing Legazpi continuously at the time, the school closed on 25 September 1944.
The nuns stayed at the Academy, serving the more than 150 families that had sought refuge there. On 31 March 1945, disaster struck. The Americans had been dropping incendiary bombs all day. One bomb fell directly on the main building, killing Mother Superior Clodesindis, Sr. Edilburgis, the oblate Sr. Gertrude, and seven more people. And they were all gathered around the statue of the Sacred Heart of Jesus when the bomb exploded. The school burned and razed to the ground.
Like a phoenix it rose from the ashes only three months later, through the efforts of Archbishop Pedro Santos and the leadership of Sr. Hedwig and her colleagues. The reconstruction of SAA continued apace after that. A dormitory and refectory for the Sisters came up in 1946. The children's dormitory was redone in 1947, the hall and industrial workshop were enlarged, and the library and chapel were rebuilt in 1948.
The 1950s up to present.
Maintaining the standard of education at a high level was always the goal through SAA's ups-and-downs. By the 1950s, the school had entered what some refer to as the "golden era of champions – in academics, athletics and drama." Class '56, at the forefront of the BACS championships of 1956, is proud to have contributed to that era.
In 1950, the first student publication in Bicol, The Agnesian, was established. The year 1960 saw the inauguration of the Sta. Maria Building, which houses the elementary department. In 1968, with the completion of the Sto. Niño Building, the Nursery and Prep divisions were opened.
In 1975, a multipurpose building was blessed. A huge covered court was added subsequently, as were a thousand-seat gymnasium and an audio-visual center. Through the decades the school population had been rising. From the three high school graduates of 1923, for example, the total number of students had grown to 2,245 by the time the school celebrated its 65th anniversary in 1977.
SAA quickly met the challenge posed by the measurement of excellence in education in the form of accreditation by external authorities. On 17 January 1974, the Grade School Department was granted Level I accreditation by the Philippine Accrediting Association of Schools, Colleges and Universities (PAASCU), the fifth GS department in the country to be given that honour.
But in the early 1980s the school was having problems, and her reason for being was being called seriously into question. Her finances had run aground, her scholastic performance was not up to par, and she was losing students to other schools.
It took the Benedictine Community's deliberate decision not to phase her out and the unwavering efforts of Sister Lydia Villegas, with SAA through most of the 1980s and Superior from 1985–1988, to turn her round. Making the high school co-educational was one of the measures taken to keep enrollment at break even level. The first boy high-school graduates held their heads up proudly in 1987.
By the time SAA celebrated her diamond jubilee in 1987, it was bursting with new life. Once again at the forefront of academic excellence, the High School Department achieved PAASCU Level II status in 1993, 10 years after receiving its first accreditation in 1983. A new laboratory was added in the late 1990s.
In 2006, its 94th year of life, SAA continues to be its dynamic self, with enrollment expected at least to equal the previous year's level of 2,586. Of these, there were 151 boys and 135 girls in pre-school, 600 boys and 607 girls in grade school, and 425 boys and 668 girls in high school.
SAA celebrated its 100 years of existence with the theme "100 Years of SAA: Dios Mabalaos, Dios Mapadagos" on its 3-day celebration from June 29-July 1, 2012.
Academics.
As a Roman Catholic school, St. Agnes' Academy use a saint's name to call its classes or sections, except in school year 1998-1999 whereas Filipino virtues were used in commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the 1898 Philippine Declaration of Independence. The school offers the following educational curricula levels to a total of 2,586 students (as of 2006):
Pre-Kindergarten.
It refers to the first formal academic classroom-based learning environment that a child customarily attends in St. Agnes. It begins around the age of four to prepare for the more didactic and academically intensive kindergarten, the traditional "first" class that school children participate in. Pre-Kindergarten is not required. On the other hand, it acts as a way to prepare children to better succeed in the kindergarten.
Kindergarten.
It refers to the form of education for young children which serves as a transition from home to the commencement of more formal schooling (which is either Pre-School or Grade 1, depending on the student's level). Children are taught to develop basic skills through creative play and social interaction. It begins around the age of five.
Preparatory.
The preparatory division is part of the school's elementary department. It begins around the age of six and considered as the stepping stone to elementary education or Grade 1. It focuses on the following areas:
Elementary.
This department starts from Grade 1 until Grade 6. Students will achieve academic excellence and will prepare them for secondary education. The following subjects are taught in all grades or levels:
Secondary.
This department starts from First Year (Freshman) until Fourth Year (Senior). Students will achieve academic excellence and will prepare them for post-secondary or tertiary education. The following subjects are taught in all years or levels:
Elective
Students are required to have at least one elective course. The program was introduced to increase the student's productivity, knowledge and competitiveness. The program, which is for free, offers courses in the following field:
Buildings / Facilities.
Academic facilities.
An independent structure is provided in the Grade and High School Departments, respectively, for the following:
Religious activities.
As a Roman Catholic school, St. Agnes' Academy observes the church's holidays and celebrates it with the Holy Eucharist (Mass). The school also celebrates Mass every first Friday of the month.
The Agnesians hold a triduum which means three-day prayer on the feast of their three main patron saints, St. Benedict, St. Scholastica and St. Agnes, respectively.
The "Angelus" is being recited everyday before lunch by the whole school. And everyone is expected to remain silent (if not reciting the prayer aloud) and movement is discouraged while the prayer is being recited.
Every Monday, a Morning Praise is being held in the Grade School and High School Quadrangles, and from Tuesday to Friday, the High School Department practices Lectio Divina, wherein you will read and reflect on a bible passage/s.
Every Second Tuesday of the month, the students have their Basic Ecclesiastic Community or Faith Sharing wherein a bible passage is being given to reflect on and they share their experiences, reactions, etc. to the other students.
After recess, there is a two-minute silence to prepare the students for the next class. And another two-minute silence after lunch before they pray the Midday Prayer.
At dismissal, the St. Benedict's Prayer for Peace is being recited before the students go out of the classroom.
The school also has a Student Involvement Program wherein the students participate in outreaches, etc.
Testimonial.
"On 1 April 1945 at 1100 hours, the Third Portable Surgical Hospital disembarked from the USS LSM 203 onto the beach at Legaspi Port in support of the 158th Regimental Combat Team assaulting the port…"
"After a brief reconnaissance of the area…it was decided to establish … installations on the grounds of St Agnes' Academy, on the north side of Route #1 about half way between Legaspi Port and Legaspi…By 1530 hours on D-Day or 1 April our hospital was in operation."
"We received six patients during the afternoon, all of them medical patients since there were no battle casualties until that night or early the next morning. This was the first time in our combat history that we had an opportunity to make use of a building in setting up our hospital."
"The main building of St. Agnes' Academy had been left with only the charred walls standing after the bombing and strafing attack the day before our landing. Three of the nuns had been burned to a crisp and the charred bodies could be seen in the main hall of the building."
"However, a two-story residential building of the Academy, just to the west of the main building, was very slightly damaged and could be adapted to our needs. There were two large rooms and a small verandah on the ground floor. We used the verandah as a receiving and shock treatment pavilion, the smaller of the rooms as a surgery and the larger as a ward for the most seriously wounded casualties."
"The second story of the building consisted of three rooms, one of which we used as a laboratory. The other two were used to store the civilian possessions, furniture and so forth, which had been scattered throughout the house. The remainder of the hospital was set up in tents on the Academy grounds. Three ward tents for the patients were pitched in front of the ruins of the main building. Three squad tents for the enlisted personnel, one squad tent for supply, a large wall fly for the kitchen and two small wall tents for the officers were pitched to the right of the ward tents, in front of the building that we were using as surgery and ward.""
"There were two heavy long wood tables in the house and these served very well as operating tables. The 506th Medical Collecting Company (less detachment) was set up on the Academy grounds adjoining us on the east. As soon as the hospital was established everyone turned to digging a foxhole for use that night. The night proved to be an unpleasant one. Before dark the Japs began shelling the troops in Legaspi, only a few hundred yards from where we were, with artillery, rockets and heavy anti-aircraft guns."
"This was our first introduction to Japanese rockets and it was somewhat demoralizing. There is a weird, almost unearthly "whoop" when they are launched, followed by a variable period of silence before the contact explosion which is like the heaviest of artillery."
"Most of the men never did get used to the whoop and the suspense of the silence following it ... We remained in this …location from 1 April to 28 April, an unprecedented length of time for us to retain one position in combat…From 1 April to 28 April we operated on one hundred fifteen major battle casualties... On the morning of 28 April we evacuated all remaining patients to the 71st Evacuation Hospital, struck camp and at 1000 hours departed for Camalig, Albay…"""
- Extracts from the report of the Third Portable Surgical Hospital of the United States Army on its activities on 1 April 1945, the day after SAA was bombed.

</doc>
<doc id="36718916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718916" title="Van der Haar">
Van der Haar

van der Haar or Vander Haar is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36718936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718936" title="Van der Plaats">
Van der Plaats

van der Plaats or Vander Plaats is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36718945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718945" title="Jane Rubino">
Jane Rubino

Jane Rubino is an author of mystery novels set in New Jersey, featuring entertainment reporter ‘Cat’ Fortunati Austen as an accidental detective. The books feature Cat’s close knit Italian-American family and the diverse people of New Jersey. Cat is a widow and a relationship with homicide detective Victor Cardenas develops in the books.
With her daughter, Caitlen Rubino-Bradway, she has also written "Lady Vernon and Her Daughter", inspired by Jane Austen’s novella ‘'Lady Susan’'.

</doc>
<doc id="36718947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718947" title="Danilo Rinaldi">
Danilo Rinaldi

Danilo Ezequiel Rinaldi (born 18 April 1986) is an Argentina-born Sammarinese footballer currently playing as a striker for China League One side Chengdu Blades.
Rinaldi also plays for San Marino. He has 11 international caps, including matches against Slovakia and England. He has also scored one goal, a penalty in a friendly against Malta in a 2–3 home defeat. 

</doc>
<doc id="36718951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718951" title="Cetinje chronicle">
Cetinje chronicle

The Cetinje Chronicle or Cetinjski ljetopis is a collection of manuscripts (letters, documents, reports and poems) compiled by Vasilije III Petrović-Njegoš who added some of his own writings to it. It contains 81 leaves of dimensions 32 cm x 21,5 cm. It is kept in Cetinje monastery. There are other versions of this collection (in Odessa, St Petersburg, &c.) which are not identical to the original because the original texts were transcribed by different people at different times.
Name.
The name of the book which is written on its covers is "Крусоволь". Until the end of 19th century it was referred to as "Montenegrin Chronicle" ("Crnogorski ljetopis") or "Crnojević's Krusovolj" ("Krusovolj Crnojevića"). Because it is kept in Cetinje monastery, built by Ivan Crnojević in 1484, it is referred to as "Cetinje chronicle" or "Montenegrin chronicle".
Background.
After Ottoman Empire captured Skadar in 1479 Ivan Crnojević moved his court from easily accessible Zeta Plain to the mountains where he built his court (1482) and Cetinje monastery (1484). Remarkable collection of manuscripts was taken to the new court and monastery during the exodus from the churches in the plain. At the end of 15th century Cetinje monastery became an important center for collecting and transcription of old charters and other books. The Cetinje chronicle is a longer and supplemented version of the Studenica Chronicle (Studenički letopis), written in 2nd quarter of the 15th century.
Content.
Biography of Skanderbeg.
The first manuscript in the chronicle is the biography of Skanderbeg, which is the major part of the chronicle. It is translation of Barleti's work on Skanderbeg which is shortened either during translation or during transcription performed by Vasilije. A note at the end of this transcription says that the author of the text is "Marin from Shkodër of Slavic origin" (Марин Скадранин, родом Словен/"Marin Skadarski, rodom Sloven").
Other documents and writings.
Cetinje chronicle also contains charters and other documents transcribed by Vasilije III Petrović-Njegoš (in whole or partially) and issued by various rulers of Montenegro.
It contains the charter of Stefan the First-Crowned from 1212 in which he presents a list of churches he built in Kotor and Prevlaka. "Cetinje Chronicle" also contains the charter of Ivan Crnojević of 1485 in which he recorded his donation of land and property to the Cetinje Monastery.
A transcript of 1485 Golden bull of Ivan Crnojević by which he established the Cetinje Monastery is part of the Cetinje chronicle.
Vasilije wrote a note within this chronicle which describes the Battle at Carev Laz in 1712.
Usage.
The first scholar who used this chronicle as source for his works was Vasilije III Petrović-Njegoš who used it for his work on history of Montenegro, published in Moscow in 1754.
Different versions.
There are several preserved transcriptions of this manuscript collection. The original is kept in Cetinje monastery. One version was given in 1830 by Njegoš to Polish collector Kucharski. After Kucharski's death it was purchased by Odessa University.

</doc>
<doc id="36718956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718956" title="Enrico Cibelli">
Enrico Cibelli

Enrico Cibelli (born 10 December 1987) is a Sammarinese footballer. He plays as a midfielder for the San Marino national football team with 9 international caps.

</doc>
<doc id="36718966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718966" title="List of Indian FMCG companies">
List of Indian FMCG companies

This is a list of major Indian Fast-Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) companies, including subsidiaries of multinational FMCG firms that are listed in India.

</doc>
<doc id="36718976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718976" title="Al-Ahli Club (Dubai) (beach soccer)">
Al-Ahli Club (Dubai) (beach soccer)

Al Ahli Club has a professional beach soccer team based in Dubai.
Mundialito de Clubes 2012 squad.
Coach: Talib Hilal

</doc>
<doc id="36718977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718977" title="ÇOMÜ Faculty of Theology">
ÇOMÜ Faculty of Theology

The ÇOMÜ Faculty of Theology is one of the professional faculties at the Çanakkale Onsekiz Mart University, ÇOMÜ. Its name in Turkish language is 'İlahiyat fakültesi'. The ÇOMÜ Faculty of Theology, which was established in 1995, aims to conduct academic research in the field of religious studies at undergraduate and postgraduate levels and train professional individuals as teachers and researchers of religion, to be employed by state and private schools providing formal and non-formal education.
One of the objectives of the Faculty is to educate the nation in the field of Islamic and religious studies.
The Faculty of Theology is located on the lower Terzioğlu Campus of the University. The faculty has three departments and also participates in interdisciplinary courses and projects.
Departments.
The Faculty of Theology comprises three departments:
Location.
The Faculty of Law lies at the geographic centre of Çanakkale and Kepez town by the Çanakkale Straits. It is only 50 metres away from the sea. It is located at the corner of the ÇOMÜ terzioğlu Campus. The city town airport is 5 minutes away from the Faculty.

</doc>
<doc id="36718981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36718981" title="Kingsley Common">
Kingsley Common

Kingsley Common is a protected area in Kingsley, Hampshire, England. It is a RSPB site, and holds many rare species of animals and birds. Some species of plants and animals may also be subject to special protection under Part I of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, or under the Habitats Regulations 1994.
Protection status National Partial International Partial IBA partly or wholly overlaps with the following national designated areas. Sites of Special Scientific Interest: Kingsley and Broxhead common. There are 21 commons that still support substantial Dry dwarf shrub heath communities. This habitat covers – 7.5% of the surveyed area. Notable examples of commons with dry heaths are Yateley Common and Kingsley Common.
Yately Common, and Kingsley Common include several priority bird species such as European Nightjar, Dartford Warbler, Woodlark and Song Thrush. Chilbolton Common supports important numbers of breeding Common Redshank, Northern Lapwings, Common Snipe and warblers.

</doc>
<doc id="36719003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719003" title="Vattanac Capital">
Vattanac Capital

Vattanac Capital Tower is the tallest skyscraper located in Phnom Penh, Cambodia with 39 stories. It is owned by Vattanac Properties Limited, an affiliate of the Vattanac Bank. The construction started in 2009, topped out on May 10, 2012, and was estimate to reach completion in late 2012. The tower is a 39-storey building and one of the few high-rise buildings in Cambodia.
The tower will provide serviced apartments, retail space, office space, a rooftop outdoor bar and a car park. The Vattanac Bank will place their headquarters office in this building when completed.

</doc>
<doc id="36719029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719029" title="Waterford Cathedral">
Waterford Cathedral

Waterford Cathedral may refer to either the cathedral church of the Church of Ireland or of the Roman Catholic Church, both of which are situated in the city of Waterford in Ireland. See

</doc>
<doc id="36719030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719030" title="Kamal Passi">
Kamal Passi

Kamal Passi is a cricketer from India. He is a part of the Indian Under-19 Cricket Team, the current champion of Under-19 Cricket World Cup. His name came to limelight when he performed exceptionally well against Zimbabwe in Under-19 Cricket World Cup 2012 and bagged the player of the match award.
Under-19 Cricket World Cup 2012.
On 14 August 2012 Kamal Passi took 6 wickets for 23 runs and made 24 runs off just five balls with 1 fours and 3 six against Zimbabwe in Group stage match.

</doc>
<doc id="36719035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719035" title="Fuad al Muqtadir">
Fuad al Muqtadir

Fuad al Muqtadir (, born August 6, 1980), simply known as Fuad, is a Bangladeshi composer.
Early life.
Fuad left Bangladesh for the USA in 1988 at the age of eight and started junior high school there. He was always on and off at the music and finally formed the band Zefyr in 1993 with Richard Modhu, Himel, Shumon and Fred. They recorded several tracks and before disbanding in 1999, ad released the albums Maya 1 and 2 among New York residents Bangladeshi communities.
Career.
His first record after leaving the band Zefyr was Re/Evolution. With the help of Sohel Aziz, keyboardist from the band Obscure, the album came out in collaboration with both mainstream and underground musicians featuring 14 tracks with some remixes and original songs. Litu’s "Sylhoti", Anila Naz Chowdhury’s "Jhilmil", Armeen’s "Bhromor Koiyo" and the re-mixed track, "Mon Chaile Mon" are some songs of the album.
Fuad’s Variation No. 25 was produced in 2006. Later in 2006, two songs were added and the CD was re-released as Variation No. 25.2 jointly by G-Series and Aarshee. Some tracks from the album were "Nobina" by Poonam, "Nitol Paye" by Rajib/Fuad jointly and Bappa Mazumder’s "Kono Asroy".
Fuad’s album "Bonno" was released in 2007.by G-Series. Some tracks of the album were "Tor Jonno Ami Bonno" by Upol, "Bonno Rap" by Fuad/Bishop, "Junglee" by Fuad, "Da Dushto Number" and "Nitol Paye" ("Live"). 
Fuad also worked on albums of Sumon & Anila titled "Ekhon Ami", Topu's (Yaatri's vocal) "Bondhu Bhabo Ki?", Fuad Featuring Kona, Fuad featuring Mala, Fuad featuring Mila "Redefine", and Fuad featuring various artists "Kromannoy" was released on December 2008. 
He is also working with Sherin, Anila, Sumon, Topu in many solo and mixed albums.

</doc>
<doc id="36719039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719039" title="Hill family">
Hill family

The Hill family is a prominent family in Australian Judo, having provided a number of National Judo Champions, competitors to the Olympic Games and Commonwealth Games, and Judo administrators.
Colin Hill.
Colin Hill (1941 - ) was the President of the Judo Federation of Australia from 2010-2012, and Treasurer from 2006-2009. He is the father of Narelle, Steven, Jenny, Thomas, Matthew and Deborah. He has previously served as Manager of the Australian Judo Team at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney and the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.
Narelle Hill.
Narelle Hill (1969 - ) was a member of the Australian Judo Team at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta. She won the Bronze medal in the Women's -66 kg division at the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland. She has been Australian Champion five times.
Steven Hill.
Steven Hill (1971 - ) was a member of the Australian Judo Team at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester. He was a Coach in the Australian Judo Team at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney. He has been Australian Champion five times.
Jenny Hill.
Jenny Hill (1972 - ) was a member of the Australian Judo Team at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney.
Thomas Hill.
Thomas Hill (1974 - ) was a member of Australian Judo Team at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, and was a Coach in the Australian Judo Team at the 2012 Olympic Games in London. He won the Gold medal in the Men's -73 kg division at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester. He has been Australian Champion nine times.
Matthew Hill.
Matthew Hill (1976 - ) has been Australian Champion twice. He was also a member of the 1994 Australian Schoolboys rugby Team.
Deborah Hill.
Deborah Hill (1978 - ) has been Australian Champion once.
References.
'The Maristian', June 2012, (Marist College, Canberra), p. 14. Available online at http://www.maristc.act.edu.au/maristian, accessed 14 August 2012.
http://www.ausjudo.com.au/
http://corporate.olympics.com.au/olympian-search, accessed 14 August 2012
http://www.commonwealthgames.org.au/Templates/Games_PastGames_1990.htm, accessed 14 August 2012
http://www.commonwealthgames.org.au/Templates/Games_PastGames_2002.htm, accessed 14 August 2012

</doc>
<doc id="36719053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719053" title="Bust of Carlo Antonio del Pozzo">
Bust of Carlo Antonio del Pozzo

The Bust of Carlo Antonio del Pozzo is a sculptural portrait by the Italian artist Gianlorenzo Bernini. It is in the National Gallery of Scotland, Edinburgh. Carlo Antonio was the Archbishop of Pisa and the uncle of the noted seventeenth-century collector, Cassiano del Pozzo, who commissioned Bernini to create the sculpture.
It was acquired by the National Gallery of Scotland in 1986, at a cost of 3m British Pounds, although the value at the time was said to be much higher (around 7.5m pounds). It had previously been in the British stately palace of Castle Howard, since 1715. 

</doc>
<doc id="36719081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719081" title="Coffee Prince (2012 TV series)">
Coffee Prince (2012 TV series)

Coffee Prince is a Filipino romantic-comedy series developed by Des Garbes Severino, which premiered on GMA Network on October 8, 2012 replacing "One True Love" on GMA Telebabad block and October 9, 2012 worldwide via GMA Pinoy TV. The series is based on Sun-mi Lee's novel and MBC's 2007 hit Korean television series, "The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince". It headlines Kris Bernal and Aljur Abrenica as the lead characters and under the direction of Ricky Davao.
The series is also part of the networks set of shows for the last quarter of 2012, along with "Aso ni San Roque", "" and "Temptation of Wife". 
The series follows the lives and loves of Andy, a girl who disguises herself as a man just to get the job in a coffee shop and Arthur, a happy-go-lucky and wealthy bachelor whose paternal grandmother pushes him to settle down and start a family. In order to avoid the constant request from his relatives, he will hire Andy to pretend as his gay lover without even knowing that the latter is a real woman.
Coffee Prince ended on November 23, 2012 and to be replaced by "Pahiram ng Sandali". It ran for 7 weeks with 35 episodes all in all.
Synopsis.
The series chronicles the comedic lives and loves of the main characters, Andy and Arthur. Andy is a hardworking young woman who supports her mother and sister after the death of their father. To sustain their daily needs, she earns a living as a tricycle driver. Arthur, on the other hand, is a happy-go-lucky and wealthy bachelor whose family owns the biggest coffee factory in the country. His grandmother constantly pressures him to settle down but Arthur is not yet ready to tie the knot.
To avoid the dates arranged by his domineering granny, Arthur hires Andy to pretend to be his gay lover. He doesn't know that Andy is just pretending to be a guy to keep her job in Arthur's coffee shop. Desperate to pay off her family’s debt, Andy is left with no choice but to agree with Arthur's plan and to continue with her charade.
Complications arise when Andy starts to fall in love with Arthur. He is likewise unable to control his feelings for Andy and he starts questioning his sexuality.
Origin.
"The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince" () or more popularly known as "Coffee Prince" is a 2007 Korean drama series starring Yoon Eun-hye, Gong Yoo, Lee Sun-kyun and Chae Jung-an. It is based on Lee Sun-mi's novel of the same title. It was originally broadcast in South Korea by MBC on July 2, 2007 and concluded on August 28, 2007. It became one of the most popular series in Korea that year, garnering high ratings and winning several awards, including Best TV Drama at the 20th Korean Producers' Award; Best TV Actress and Best New TV Director at the 44th Baeksang Arts Awards for Yoon Eun-hye and Lee Yoon-jung, respectively; Top Excellence in Acting and Excellence in Acting awards for Yoon Eun-hye and Gong Yoo, respectively, and PD Award for Kim Chang-wan at the 2007 MBC Drama Awards.
On January 1, 2008, GMA Network aired the series, and just like in South Korea, it spawned a huge following and fascination among Filipinos, and is considered as one of the best Korean series the network has aired.
Overview.
Production and development.
On September 26, 2008, in an intimate lunch with the press people, GMA Network's lady executives, headed by now retired Wilma Galvante, shared their plans for the rest of 2008 and for the first quarter of 2009. Galvante announced that the network has bought the format rights of "Coffee Prince" to produce the local version.
Since then, excitement reaches the series' fanatics, as well as, the loyal viewers of the network. There were plenty of speculations as to whom the network would choose to lead the Filipino version of the said series. Actresses, Jolina Magdangal, Carla Abellana, Chynna Ortaleza and Sheena Halili were some of the names reportedly vying for the female lead role. In one of her interviews entertainment news website, Philippine Entertainment Portal or PEP dated August 20, 2010, Abellana denies the rumor, but said she loves to do certain roles "I've tried acting as a tomboy in "Carinderia Queen" last year [2010, and I loved it! Many told me that the role fits me," says Abellana.
There's also a speculation that the said project is intended for Dennis Trillo and Jennica Garcia. In one of his interviews PEP, dated April 26, 2009, Trillo confirmed that his next project after the fantasy-adventure series, "Gagambino", should be the local adaptation of "Coffee Prince". But unfortunately, the network had decided to shelve the project for the moment, as they want to concentrate more on original materials. And so, Trillo and Garcia made the romantic-comedy series "Adik Sa'Yo", instead.
July 2012, the network bosses announced that they are back to the drawing board for Coffee Prince, and this time, with Aljur Abrenica and Kris Bernal in the lead. This was after the network shelved the supposedly reunion project of Abrenica and Bernal with Rhian Ramos, the straight-drama entitled "Sana Dalawa ang Puso Ko" (lit. I Hope I Have Two Hearts). 
The production team wants to deliver the series as a real Filipino television series rather than just a remake of an original Korean show. Screenwriter, Des Garbes Severino assigned as the headwriter of the series. While there are many similarities to the original series, some changes were made by adding more interesting twists and turns, new characters and Pinoy flavour to it. "When we adapt, we get the main story or the main premise. Most of the major plotlines are intact. We adapt it to our local setting. For instance, in the original version, Andy is a delivery girl. But we're not familiar with that, although we do have delivery boys. So we've made her a tricycle driver. If you notice, the Korean version, though a romance-comedy, is more on light romance. This time around, we explore the concept of romantic comedy. There will be funny scenes along with heartwarming moments," Severino shares. She also admits that doing an adaptation is quite challenging. The creative people behind "Coffee Prince" are also faced with the task to make the story, given the character arcs, more interesting and better than the original. "Die-hard fans, who know every twist and turn of the story, won’t get disappointed because the iconic scenes such as Arthur carrying Andy on his back and he running after her from condo to restaurant asking for apology will be there,"she added. The producer hired actor/director Ricky Davao to handle the series.
Casting.
Kris Bernal and Aljur Abrenica were chosen to play Andy and Arthur, respectively, the series' main protagonists. Both actors are ecstatic on their reunion project on the boob tube after having the chance to appear in various shows which catapulted their love team into the forefront including "Dyesebel", "Luna Mystika", "All My Life", "Sine Novela presents Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?" and "The Last Prince".
"Coffee Prince" is the Abrenica and Bernal's reunion project and first romantic-comedy series in GMA. In preparing for the role, Bernal said she really had to study how a real man acts and respond to situations before she went in front of the cameras. She even learned how to drive a tricycle and even willing to cut her hair short to make her role more realistic. Bernal added that she really ensures she gets to familiarize with every scene for each episode. Abrenica, on the other hand, couldn't be any happier to reignite his onscreen chemistry with Bernal, stated that their relationship as onscreen partners is incomparable and deep. He added that he's very comfortable with Bernal so there's no big adjustment between them. When it comes to his role, he considered it as his most challenging role so far. "I made character research here. There's a part in the story that I will question my sexuality. That's quite challenging for me," he added. Both Bernal and Abrenica underwent several workshops under Director Maryo J. Delos Reyes before the cameras roll, in preparation for their characters. Series' director, Ricky Davao is all praise for his lead casts, described that Bernal is a delight to work with and Abrenica is quite serious his work and very sensitive. "I'm very happy with my cast, they are all good and they fit into their roles," he added. Davao also had a short cameo appearance in the show. He played Mando, Andy's loving father.
Benjamin Alves and Max Collins were assigned to play Errol and Arlene's characters. Alves relates himself to his role, said that: "Errol... I'm responsible, and I know what needs to be done. I take every bit of information in before I express myself -- but, this is due to character's sad back story, which involves Collins' character breaking his heart," he says.
The show revolved not only on the main character's comical romance, but also at the fictional coffee shop called "Coffee Prince", and its baristas. One of those is Boy 2 Quizon who played Ervin. Quizon stated that it's his first gay role and naming Hollywood's Chris Colfer as his peg. "Actually, it was a concept of our director, Ricky Davao. He wants me to do this. It's fine with me, because I don't wanna limit my acting ability," he added. Sef Cadayona originally auditioned for Ervin, but ended up portraying Baldo. He was told by the producers that it was better for him to play Baldo role, as he already played gay character in 2011 primetime series, "Time of My Life" which also starred Bernal.
Shared equally vital roles in the series are veteran actors, Tessie Tomas who played Beth, Andy and Mylene's mother. This series marked as Tomas’ comeback project for the network after four years. While her contemporary and "Champoy" co-star, Leo Martinez played Arthur's business partner, Manong Ernie. Ronnie Henares and Ces Quesada portrayed Oliver and Lorna, respectively, Arthur and Errol’s parents; Celia Rodriguez played Errol and Arthur's strict and domineering grandmother, Mamita.
Filming.
The teaser/plug was filmed in a studio at GMA Network Center in Quezon City. It was actually an omnibus plug for the network’s set of primetime shows for the last quarter of 2012, entitled "Ang Tahanan ng mga Dramang Inyong Mamahalin" (lit. Home of the Dramas That You Will Love). The series' production began on September 18, 2012. Many of the series' scenes were shot on location in Batangas, which considered as the coffee capital of the Philippines. Executive producer, Michele Borja said that most of the scenes taking place in Barangay Barako fictional town where the female protagonist lives, were filmed in Talisay, Batangas. While some of the scenes, including the male protagonist condo unit and the "resto scenes" were filmed entirely at Midas Hotel and Casino in Pasay City. The fictional "Coffee Prince" coffee shop scenes were shot entirely at The Green Olive Club in Kabangaan, Tagaytay City, Cavite. Filming locations were chosen by the director, executive producer and production designer, Paul Infante.
Reception.
Ratings.
Aside from being one of the most-talked about topics on social networking site, Twitter during its premiere episode, the series also garnered high numbers in ratings game. The pilot episode received 21.8% ratings (AGB Nielsen Philippines, October 8, 2012, among Mega Manila households) against its rival programs, Kahit Puso’y Masugatan and Super Sine Prime which garnered 14% and 6.9% ratings, respectively.
Critical reception.
Manila Times' Ed Uy said that "Kris Bernal and Aljur Abrenica give endearing performances in the Filipino remake of Koreanovela "Coffee Prince"". While writer, Jojo Gabinete of Abante Tonight said that Bernal and Alves have a strong chemistry onscreen. Remate's showbiz writer, Pete Ampoloquio, Jr. reviews... "it's an unassailable fact that they do have chemistry and it's one of the reasons why their tandem is well-followed and successful". Yahoo! OMG said "With her lead role in the Pinoy version of Koreanovela Coffee Prince, Kris Bernal is definitely one to watch".

</doc>
<doc id="36719082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719082" title="Paul Thompson (rower)">
Paul Thompson (rower)

Paul Anthony Thompson MBE (born 15 March 1964, Canberra) is an Australian rowing coach, formerly women's coach for the Australian Olympic team and later of Great Britain. 
He coached Kate Slatter and Megan Still to Australia's first Olympic rowing gold for women, in Atlanta in 1996.
Thompson joined the British Rowing coaching staff in 2001 and was the lead coach for women at the 2004 Olympics in Athens.
He coached Great Britain's Katherine Grainger for 12 years, from his arrival in the UK until the London 2012 Olympics, where she and Anna Watkins won gold. As Great Britain's head coach for women and lightweights, Thompson was responsible for three gold and two silver medals at London 2012.
He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to rowing and the London 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games.

</doc>
<doc id="36719083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719083" title="Gaucho Serenade">
Gaucho Serenade

Gaucho Serenade is a 1940 American Western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and June Storey. Written by Betty Burbridge and Bradford Ropes, the film is about a singing cowboy who goes up against a group of businessmen who plot to kidnap the son of a former partner so he won't testify against them.
Plot.
Down and out rodeo stars Gene Autry (Gene Autry) and Frog Millhouse (Smiley Burnette) leave New York City for California with their car and horse trailer. Along the way they discover young Ronnie Willoughby (Clifford Severn), a school boy from London, has accidentally stowed away in their car. Having just arrived from London by steamship, Ronnie climbed into the car and fell asleep, believing they were Jenkins and Carter, sent by his father to take him to his father's "ranch" in California.
Ronnie does not know that his father, Frederick Willoughby (Lester Matthews), is actually in San Quentin State Prison, framed for embezzlement by his employer, Edward Martin (Joseph Crehan) of the Western Packing Company, to cover his own criminal activities. Willoughby agrees to appear as a witness on behalf of the small independent ranchers of California in a lawsuit against Martin, who has been driving them out of business to gain a monopoly. To prevent Willoughby from testifying, Martin schemed to kidnap Frederick's son Ronnie by sending the boy the cable that invited him to visit his father's large spread, "Rancho San Quentin." The plot was momentarily derailed when the boy mistook Gene and Frog for his escorts.
Gene recognizes Willoughby's name and suspects that something is not right. He decides to retain custody of the boy until he can investigate. While driving along the road, they nearly collide with Joyce Halloway (June Storey) and her little sister Patsy (Mary Lee), whose car goes into a lake. Joyce is a socialite, a wealthy ranch owner, and a runaway bride who is wanted by the police for taking the jilted bridegroom's car. She and Patsy stow away in Gene's horse trailer, and after several spats, Gene agrees to drive them to their California ranch. Along the way, Jenkins and Carter, having picked up Ronnie's trail, try to kidnap the boy, but Gene and Frog foil the attempt. 
After Gene and his group arrive at Joyce's ranch, she offers Ronnie refuge, pretending it is Rancho San Quentin. Gene sends Willoughby a wire telling him that Ronnie is with him, but the convict mistakes it for a kidnapping note and breaks out of prison to rescue his son. Martin sends his henchmen to join the posse in pursuit of the fugitive, which has orders to "shoot to kill." When he arrives at Joyce's ranch, Willoughby learns that Ronnie is safe and surrenders to the sheriff. When Martin and his henchmen attempt to hijack the train carrying the Willoughby back to prison, Gene saves the day. Frederick is exonerated and returns to Joyce's ranch claim his son, while Gene agrees to stay at the ranch as Joyce's new foreman.
Production.
Casting.
Walter Miller was one of the top paid leading men in the silent era before transitioning to villain roles in talkies. He was born Walter Corwin Miller on March 9, 1892 in Dayton, Ohio, and grew up in Atlanta, Georgia. He was educated in Brooklyn, New York. Miller started his acting career doing stagework before being signed as a leading man by Reliance, a small independent film company. By 1912 he was working for D. W. Griffith, and later appeared in feature films for 20th Century Fox and MGM. He made ten popular serials with Allene Ray before being signed to Mascot Pictures by Nat Levine, for whom he made six serials. Later he made ten serials for Universal Studios, two for Columbia Pictures, and two for Republic Pictures. During the filming of a fight scene in "Gaucho Serenade", Miller and a fellow actor agreed to do the fight for real. For the next two days he complained of back pain, and while doing some closeup shots on the Republic backlot, he suffered a heart attack and died a short time later. Although all of his scenes had been completed and remained in the film, Republic omitted his name from the credits.
Wendell Niles was a prominent radio announcer, best known for his work on "The Don Ameche Show" and "Gene Autry's Melody Ranch". In 1932, he began working in films, mainly in the role of a radio newscaster or police broadcaster. In his later career, he was known for his television work as announcer on "Let's Make a Deal" and "Truth or Consequences".
Filming and budget.
"Gaucho Serenade" was filmed March 21 to April 8, 1940. The film had an operating budget of $77,885 (equal to $ today), and a negative cost of $83,633.

</doc>
<doc id="36719097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719097" title="Luís Tarallo">
Luís Tarallo

Luís Cláudio Cicchetto Tarallo (born 27 May 1966) is a Brazilian basketball coach.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Brazil women's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="36719098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719098" title="Ivan Graanoogst">
Ivan Graanoogst

Ivan Frank Graanoogst is a Surinamese military, police chief and politician who was appointed Acting President of Suriname in 24 December 1990, which overthrew the democratic government of President Ramsewak Shankar, called the Telephone Coup, ruled temporarily for a week, up to 30 December 1990, when the CNM decides to hand over power to Johan Kraag.
In 1981 a coup attempt to overthrow President Hendrick Chin A Sen, without success. Chin A Sen reduced the power of the military by the constitution, the military responded by forming the Popular Revolutionary Front, political alliance led by Dési Bouterse, Roy Horb, Ivan Graanoogst, and three leaders of student associations and unions. Graanoogst army took power on December 22, 1990 because the previous leader, Desi Bouterse resigned in protest.

</doc>
<doc id="36719110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719110" title="Allison McNeill">
Allison McNeill

Allison McNeill (born 26 September 1959) is a Canadian basketball coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she coached the Canada women's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="36719114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719114" title="CavinKare">
CavinKare

CavinKare is an Indian conglomerate headquartered in Chennai, India. The company started its venture in 1983 as Chik India. In 1990, it was renamed as Beauty Cosmetics Pvt. Ltd. and was subsequently rechristened as CavinKare Pvt. Ltd. in 1998 and Jovan brands and Hawpar International for Tiger Balm. The company has also expanded its research across the globe. Cavinkare has its presence in more than 21 countries.
Talking about the chairman, Mr. CK Ranganathan, the Founder Chairman of CavinKare, was born in the small coastal town of Cuddalore, Tamil Nadu. He set up Chik India in 1983 with an initial investment of Rs. 15,000 with Chik Shampoo as its first product. He later renamed the company as CavinKare to create innovative products by combining the best of nature and technology and improve the lifestyle of people across the country.
Mr. CK Ranganathan was conferred the prestigious, Entrepreneur of the Year Award by the Economic Times in 2004. He was the Chairman of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Tamil Nadu State Council for the year 2009-10. He is the former president of the Madras Management Association. Mr. CK Ranganathan is one of the founding members of the Ability Foundation – an NGO working towards the rehabilitation of the physically challenged. He also instituted the CavinKare Ability Awards in 2003 to celebrate the exemplary spirit of individuals who have risen above their physical limitations to display great achievements in life.
International business.
The International Business division was set up in 1999. The company has been marketed in more than 21 countries for personal care brands and food which also includes the countries like Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bangladesh, Malaysia, Singapore and GCC countries.
Strategic alliances.
CavinKare has alliance with COTY Corporation and with Haw Par Corporation Limited. Cavinkare is currently marketing and distributing the Adidas and Jovan personal care range in India. The company is also marketing the product Tiger Balm from Haw par corporation.
Research and development department.
CavinKare Research Centre (CRC) is located at Ekkattuthangal in Chennai city. It is wholly owned by CavinKare Pvt. Ltd. The Dept. of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR), Govt. of India recognizes CRC.Research efforts of CRC also aim to generate Intellectual Property that will be useful for the development of proprietary products leading to leadership, which helps build global partnerships.
Manufacturing Facilities.
CavinKare has its own manufacturing plants in and around the world. The Haridwar Plants manufactures shampoo, facial creams, moisturizing lotions, talcum powder, hair dyes and herbal powder. The Puducherry plant manufactures deodorants and other personal care products. The Bhiwandi plant manufactures of Garden Namkeens. Both Erode and Kanchipuram have Dairy plants where milk, curd, UHT milk, butter, skimmed milk etc. and in Sri Lanka as CavinKare Lanka Pvt. Ltd.
Trends in vogue - Group company.
Trends In Vogue Private Limited, a CavinKare initiative came into being in July 2002. It operates two salon chains – Limelite Both brands have branches across the country. Trends in vogue also run a Trends academy which trains the candidates who are recruited in the salon industry.
Corporate Social Responsibility.
CavinKare's focus concerning CSR initiatives revolves around Caring for disabled persons of the society, Providing quality education for economically weaker deserving students of rural sections, Recognizing small time entrepreneurs with innovative ideas and concepts, Supporting a deserving social cause for poor people.
CavinKare Ability Awards
As part of the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives, CavinKare is associated with the Ability Foundation, an NGO working towards the betterment, empowerment and rights of the disabled community. The awards have been organized for the past ten years in succession and have now grown in stature and recognition.
Chinnikrishnan Innovation Awards
CavinKare celebrates the spirit of entrepreneurship with 'The Chinnikrishnan Innovation Awards'.
Dr. M S Swaminathan Award for Environment Protection
CavinKare, in association with Rotary club of Madras East, presents an award every year instituted in the name of Professor Swaminathan, an internationally acclaimed agriculture scientist. An eminent personality who has contributed to the cause of environment protection is chosen and honoured with this award every year. These awards are constituted to honour companies or eminent persons who have contributed to the society to improve living conditions and public health while protecting the environment and natural resources.
Educational institution.
CK School of Practical Knowledge
CavinKare patronises a school in the coastal area of Cuddalore. The objective is to apprise students of small business operations and develop in them, a business acumen with emphasis on real life situations. Students will be exposed to lectures on entrepreneurship and small business models by experts from the industry.
CK College of Engineering and Technology
CavinKare runs an institution of higher education viz. the CK College of Engineering and Technology, situated in Cuddalore with an aim to impart professional education, especially to the people in the coastal regions of Tamil Nadu. The college includes all modern amenities - students' classrooms and labs, a well-stocked library with books and recourses and a Wi-Fi enabled campus.

</doc>
<doc id="36719118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719118" title="Stipe Bralić">
Stipe Bralić

Stipe Bralić (born 10 June 1973) is a Croatian basketball coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Croatia women's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="36719124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719124" title="Lubor Blažek">
Lubor Blažek

Lubor Blažek (born 28 February 1954) is a Czech Republic basketball coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Czech Republic women's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="36719131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719131" title="Pierre Vincent (basketball)">
Pierre Vincent (basketball)

Pierre Vincent (born 17 April 1964) is a French basketball coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the France women's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="36719139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719139" title="Boris Sokolovsky">
Boris Sokolovsky

Boris Sokolovsky (born 9 December 1953) is a Russian basketball coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Russia women's national basketball team.

</doc>
<doc id="36719144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719144" title="Kevin Ferrer">
Kevin Ferrer

Kevin Manuel Ferrer is a collegiate basketball player from the Philippines. He is currently playing for the UST Growling Tigers in the UAAP.
UST Tiger Cubs.
Ferrer played for the Tiger Cubs from 2009 up to 2010.
In his rookie season with the Tiger Cubs, Ferrer was crowned the Junior's Rookie of the Year. Ferrer along with season MVP Ron Javier led the Tigers into a second place finish at the end of the eliminations. Unfortunately, the Tiger Cubs were eliminated by the Kiefer Ravena led Ateneo Blue Eaglets squad in the Final Four despite having a twice-to-beat advantage against the Eaglets.
In his final season with the Tiger Cubs, Ferrer was crowned the Junior's Most Valuable Player where he led the Tiger Cubs into the Finals where they faced off once again with Ravena and the Blue Eaglets who finished the elimination round undefeated at 14-0 with an automatic Finals berth and a 1-0 advantage in a virtual best-of-5 final series. In Game 1, Ferrer led the Tiger Cubs with 35 points as the Tiger Cubs took Game 1 77-71 to even up the series 1-1, but the Tiger Cubs lost the next two games 66-76, 59-76 and the series as the Blue Eaglets pull off a three-peat in the Junior's division of the UAAP.
UST Growling Tigers.
Rookie season.
Despite offers from different universities, Ferrer stayed with his alma mater and suited up for the Tigers in 2011. In his rookie season, Ferrer averaged 7.6 points per game, 5.2 rebounds per game and 1.2 assists per game. Stepping up in the second round of eliminations together with veterans Jeric Teng, Jeric Fortuna, Chris Camus and fellow rookie Karim Abdul, Ferrer and the Tigers finished the season in 4th place with an 8-6 record and returned to the Final Four. In their Final Four, Ferrer once again faced off against Kiefer Ravena and the Ateneo Blue Eagles, this time in the senior's division. Ferrer scored 10 points, but his efforts came up short as the Tigers were knocked out by the Blue Eagles to advance to the Finals 66-69.
Second season.
In his second season with the Tigers, Ferrer led the Tigers back to the UAAP Finals in the Final Four with a season high 17 points as the Tigers defeat the NU Bulldogs to advance to the UAAP Finals 63-57. The Tigers were able to advance to the UAAP Finals and faced off against the Ateneo Blue Eagles but were swept in the Finals 2-0 as the Blue Eagles completed their five-peat. Ferrer finished his sophomore campaign averaging 6.4 points per game, 4.5 rebounds per game and 1.2 assists per game.
In the Philippine Collegiate Champions League later that year, Ferrer would play a key part in the Tigers run in the tournament as they first won the Metro Manila-Luzon tournament by defeating both the Letran Knights and the Adamson Soaring Falcons to enter into the PCCL Final Four with the Ateneo Blue Eagles, San Beda Red Lions and the Southwestern U Cobras. The Tigers would finish with a 2-1 record in the Final Four to set up a rematch with the Blue Eagles in the Finals, where the Tigers exacted their revenge against the Eagles as they were crowned the National Champions after winning the title in a tightly contested three game series.
Third season.
In his third season with the Tigers, Ferrer would continue his role as the primary wing defender for the Tigers clamping down on defense over top scoring options on opposing teams. Ferrer though struggled with his offense throughout the season. However, he would break out of his slump in the Final Four against the top-seeded NU Bulldogs where he led the Tigers in scoring in both games while clamping down on defense against Bulldogs star Ray Ray Parks as the Tigers made history by becoming the first #4 seeded team to knock out a #1 seed in the UAAP Final Four to advance to the UAAP Finals for the second straight season. In Game 1 of the UAAP Finals against the De La Salle Green Archers, Ferrer would once again top the scoring for the Tigers as they escaped with a 73-72 win to go up 1-0 in the series. However, Ferrer would struggle in the next two games as the Archers recovered to win their first UAAP title since 2007. Ferrer improved his numbers during the season averaging 12.2 points per game, 7.4 rebounds per game and 1.9 assists per game on 46% shooting from the field and 70% shooting from the free throw line.

</doc>
<doc id="36719150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719150" title="PSTech">
PSTech

PSTech ("Power Symbol Technology") is a Serbian software outsourcing and development company with headquarters in Belgrade, Serbia. The company's main areas of expertise are development of object-oriented software, database design and software for mobile phones (Android, iPad). PSTech is the biggest regional center for functional and performance software testing.
Work space.
Work environment in PSTech is open plan, however in contrast with the concept where a single huge work space dominates the area, the GTC building architecture caused rooms to be arranged in circle, whereas the central part of each floor is used for elevators, halls and fire escape. Among other rooms, there is a table tennis room, a cross-trainer, two table footballs, two smoking areas and two kitchens. Employees can use these rooms during work time, when having rest.
The company stimulates its employees through a range of recreational and entertaining program, as well as free of charge drinks. Employees are offered free-of-charge fruit juices, Coca Cola, milk, coffee, soda and drinking water. Once in a week employees can play indoors basketball and/or volleyball game, also paid by the company. Once in a year, on the traditional New Year party, employees of the year from each sector are chosen and awarded and during Summer a team-building event for the whole company is organized outdoors.
PSTech products.
During more than 15 years in business, PSTech also developed a set of its own products, which represent solutions to most frequent requests of its clients. Among others, these are:
There are also solutions based on SugarCRM — BankingCRM and PharmaCRM.
Education of employees.
In 2012 PSTech sent its representative to TechEd, Microsoft's annual IT conference, which was held in Amsterdam that year. The conference presents an opportunity for IT professionals to meet numerous experts and representatives from Microsoft, find out about their development plans and reports about current achievements. The event is accompanied by entertainment, meetings and "Ask the expert" sessions. The conference agenda is wide and participants may choose subjects they will attend.
PSTech supports students practice, for students of different technical faculties in Serbia, so they can have relevant work experience after studies. The students, which are also paid for their work and eventually get job opportunities inside the company, constitute around 5.5% of all employees (as of 2012).
Awards.
In 2006 SIEPA, the Serbian agency for foreign investments and export, selected PSTech as Exporter of the year in the category of small and medium enterprises.
In 2009. PSTech won the same award as in 2006, Exporter of the year, becoming the only company to win this prestigious prize two times, since its foundation. The award was delivered "for outstanding export activities in the markets of EU and USA, as well as for cooperation with international ICT giants"
In June 2010 PSTech became one of the users of the government's subsidy program for buying domestic software and on that occasion the minister of economy Mlađan Dinkić and the minister of telecommunications Jasna Matić visited PSTech.
On 18 May 2012 in London, under "Women in business" ceremony, PSTech's general manager, Branka Radovanović, was awarded for "outstanding enterprise achievements" by European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD).
Social responsibility.
In 2010, 2011 and 2012 PSTech sponsored the JobFair, employment fair for students of technical universities. In 2011 the company joined the fundraising event organized by Serbian Youth integration center, by donating a software solution for a local orphanage.
The „Girls' International Day", which is traditionally held on last Thursday of April each year and the purpose of which is to introduce girls to job carriers that are rarely selected by women, was held in PSTech in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36719154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719154" title="Jan Erik Kongshaug">
Jan Erik Kongshaug

Jan Erik Kongshaug (born 4 July 1944 in Trondheim, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (guitar), sound engineering and composer, the son of guitarist John Kongshaug.
Career.
Kongshaug started playing the accordion (1950), guitar (1958) and bass (1964). Kongshaug got his examen artium in 1963, and took education in the electronics by the Trondheim Technical School in 1967. Then he worked for Arne Bendiksen Studio (1967-1974) and Talent Studio (1974–79) in Oslo, and did some jobs in New York. In 1984, he founded his own recording studio, Rainbow Studio in Oslo and has evolved to be one of the grand masters of Sound engineering. Altogether he has produced over 4,000 records, and is particularly known for his recordings of some 700 recordings for ECM Records since 1970.
Kongshaug played with Åse Kleveland winning the "Norsk Melodi Grand Prix" in 1966, and was third in the Eurovision Song Contest (1966). He has also played on dozens of recordings, including with Asmund Bjørken, Frode Thingnæs, Sven Nyhus, Arild Andersen and Frode Alnæs.

</doc>
<doc id="36719155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719155" title="Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research">
Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research

The Swedish Foundation for Strategic Research (Swedish: "Stiftelsen för strategisk forskning", SSF) is a Swedish independent research-funding foundation. Its objective is to "support research in natural science, engineering and medicine that strengthens Sweden’s competitiveness". It is located in the World Trade Center in Stockholm, Sweden.
SSF was founded in 1994 by the Swedish government when the employee funds was discontinued under the Bildt Cabinet. The funding of various projects by SSF in 2010 amounted to SEK 550,000,000.
In August 2012 it was revealed by the Swedish newspaper "Dagens Nyheter" that the foundation had spent large sums of its money on parties rather than research grants. Between 2009 and 2012, a total of SEK 9,300,000 was paid out to the party organizer Micael Bindefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="36719159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719159" title="Sam &amp; Cat">
Sam &amp; Cat

Sam & Cat is an American teen sitcom that premiered June 8, 2013, on Nickelodeon. It is a crossover spin-off/sequel of both "iCarly" and "Victorious". It stars Jennette McCurdy as Sam Puckett and Ariana Grande as Cat Valentine. The girls meet by chance during a bizarre adventure and become roommates, then start a babysitting business to earn extra money.
The series was picked up for 20 episodes on November 29, 2012. It began production in January 2013 and premiered on June 8, 2013. The first season was doubled to 40 episodes on July 11, 2013.
At the Nickelodeon upfront meeting with advertisers on March 13, 2014, Nickelodeon programming president Russell Hicks stated that "Sam & Cat" has been renewed for a second season. Other Nickelodeon sources stated that , an official decision has yet to be made if the show will be renewed. A promo video on Nickelodeon website "Nick.com" stated that as of July 2, 2014, there are only two episodes left.
Plot.
Ever since Carly Shay moved to Italy, Sam Puckett (Jennette McCurdy) has been touring the West Coast by motorcycle and stops in Los Angeles. She witnesses Cat Valentine (Ariana Grande) being thrown into the back of a garbage truck and rescues her. They become friends and Cat convinces her to become roommates after Cat's cheerful and supportive grandmother Nona (Maree Cheatham) moves to a retirement home called Elderly Acres. To make money, rather than getting traditional after-school jobs, they form an after-school babysitting business that leads them into a series of comical adventures. Besides Nona, other people involved in their lives are Dice (Cameron Ocasio), their next door neighbor who is notorious for aiding people for money; and Goomer (Zoran Korach), a dim-witted professional MMA fighter whom Dice manages.
Production.
In August 2012, Nickelodeon announced that Dan Schneider, the creator of "iCarly" and "Victorious", would be making a spin-off of both shows called "Sam & Cat", and ordered the pilot episode. The series was then picked up for 20 episodes in November, with the premiere planned for 2013. Production began in January 2013, and on June 8, 2013, "Sam & Cat" premiered in the United States. Several weeks later, on July 11, Nickelodeon doubled the season one order of 20 episodes, to 40. Filming is scheduled to resume in early September 2013 to finish the second half of the first season.
Schneider originally aimed for a March 23, 2013, premiere of "Sam & Cat", following the Kids' Choice Awards; however, Nickelodeon intended for the show to make its debut in the fall. On April 18, 2013, the show's two stars Jennette McCurdy and Ariana Grande, via Twitter, announced its premiere was set for June.
Reception.
Ratings.
The pilot episode debuted on Nickelodeon June 8, 2013, to an audience of 4.2 million viewers. The second episode, one week later, drew 2.6 million viewers. , the most watched episode is "#TheKillerTunaJump: #Freddie #Jade #Robbie," which aired January 18, 2014, to 4.8 million viewers; the second most watched episode is the pilot (4.2 million), while the least watched is "#SecretSafe" (2.0 million, on October 5, 2013). In the United Kingdom the series premiere delivered 340,000 viewers, the most for that week. The Halloween episode premiere on October 26, 2013 brought 210,000 viewers staying in the same place.
Critical reception.
In December 2013, Common Sense Media gave the series two stars over five, saying it generates laughs "at the expense of any realistic content."
Broadcast.
Worldwide the series airs on Nickelodeon. It premiered in Canada on August 12, 2013 on YTV and on September 7, 2013 on the original channel. The show previewed on September 1, 2013 and premiered on October 14, 2013 in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It previewed on September 30, 2013 and premiered on October 7, 2013 and October 11, 2013 in New Zealand and Australia, respectively. In Southeast Asia it started airing on October 19, 2013. The series premiered in South Africa on November 4, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36719170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719170" title="Symmetrizable compact operator">
Symmetrizable compact operator

In mathematics, a symmetrizable compact operator is a compact operator on a Hilbert space that can be composed with a positive operator with trivial kernel to produce a self-adjoint operator. Such operators arose naturally in the work on integral operators of Hilbert, Korn, Lichtenstein and Marty required to solve elliptic boundary value problems on bounded domains in Euclidean space. Between the late 1940s and early 1960s the techniques, previously developed as part of classical potential theory, were abstracted within operator theory by various mathematicians, including M. G. Krein, William T. Reid, Peter Lax and Jean Dieudonné. Fredholm theory already implies that any element of the spectrum is an eigenvalue. The main results assert that the spectral theory of these operators is similar to that of compact self-adjoint operators: any spectral value is real; they form a sequence tending to zero; any generalized eigenvector is an eigenvector; and the eigenvectors span a dense subspace of the Hilbert space.
Discussion.
Let "H" be a Hilbert space. A compact operator "K" on "H" is symmetrizable if there is a bounded self-sdjoint operator "S" on "H" such that "S" is positive with trivial kernel, i.e. ("Sx","x") > 0 for all non-zero "x", and "SK" is self-adjoint:
In many applications "S" is also compact. The operator "S" defines a new inner product on "H"
Let "H"S be the Hilbert space completion of "H" with respect to this inner product.
The operator "K" defines a formally self-adjoint operator on the dense subspace "H" of "H""S". As Krein (1947) and noted, the operator has the same operator norm as "K". In fact the self-adjointness condition implies
It follows by induction that, if ("x","x")"S" = 1, then
Hence
If "K" is only compact, Krein gave an argument, invoking Fredholm theory, to show that "K" defines a compact operator on "H""S". A shorter argument is available if "K" belongs to a Schatten class.
When "K" is a Hilbert-Schmidt operator, the argument proceeds as follows. Let "R" be the unique positive square root of "S" and for ε > 0 define
These are self-adjoint Hilbert-Schmidt operator on "H" which are uniformly bounded in the Hilbert-Schmidt norm:
Since the Hilbert-Schmidt operators form a Hilbert space, there is a subsequence converging weakly to s self-adjoint Hilbert-Schmidt operator "A". Since "A"ε "R" tends to "RK" in Hilbert-Schmidt norm, it follows that
Thus if "U" is the unitary induced by "R" between "H""S" and "H", then the operator "K""S" induced by the restriction of "K" corresponds to "A" on "H":
The operators "K" - λ"I" and "K"* - λ"I" are Fredholm operators of index 0 for λ ≠ 0, so any spectral value of "K" or "K"* is an eigenvalue and the corresponding eigenspaces are finite-dimensional. On the other hand, by the special theorem for compact operators, "H" is the orthogonal direct sum of the eigenspaces of "A", all finite-dimensional except possibly for the 0 eigenspace. Since "RA" = "K"* "R", the image under "R" of the λ eigenspace of "A" lies in the λ eigenspace of "K"*. 
Similarly "R" carries the λ eigenspace of "K" into the λ eigenspace of "A". It follows that the eigenvalues of "K" and "K"* are all real. Since "R" is injective and has dense range it induces isomorphisms between the λ eigenspaces of "A", "K" and "K"*. The same is true for generalized eigenvalues since powers of "K" - λ"I" and "K"* - λ"I" are also Fredholm of index 0. Since any generalized λ eigenvector of "A" is already an eigenvector, the same is true for "K" and "K"*. For λ = 0, this argument shows that "K""m""x" = 0 implies "Kx" = 0.
Finally the eigenspaces of "K"* span a dense subspace of "H", since it contains the image under "R" of the corresponding space for "A". The above arguments also imply that the eigenvectors for non-zero eigenvalues of "K""S" in "H""S" all lie in the subspace "H".
Hilbert-Schmidt operators "K" with non-zero real eigenvalues λ"n" satisfy the following identities proved by :
Here tr is the trace on trace-class operators and det is the Fredholm determinant. For symmetrizable Hilbert-Schmidt operators the result states that the trace or determinant for "K" or "K"* is equal to the trace or determinant for "A".
For symmetrizable operators, the identities for "K"* can be proved by taking "H"0 to be the kernel of "K"* and "H"m the finite dimensional eigenspaces for the non-zero eigenvalues λ"m". Let "P""N" be the orthogonal projection onto the direct sum of "H""m" with 0 ≤ "m" ≤ "N". This subspace is left invariant by "K"*.
Although the sum is not orthogonal the restriction "P""N""K"*"P""N" of "K"* is similar by a bounded operator with bounded inverse to the diagonal operator on the orthogonal direct sum with the same eigenvalues. Thus
Since "P""N""K"*"P""N" tends to "K"* in Hilbert-Schmidt norm, the identities for "K"* follow by passing to the limit as "N" tends to infinity.

</doc>
<doc id="36719176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719176" title="Mountbellew Agricultural College">
Mountbellew Agricultural College

Mountbellew Agricultural College or Franciscan Brothers College is a training college for the farming and agricultural industry in Mountbellew, County Galway. It was founded by the Franciscan Brothers in 1904, who previously had a secondary school on the location, it was the first such college in Ireland. It is a private college but runs course in association with the Irish governments Agricultural and Food Development Authority (Teagasc) and the nearby Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology(GMIT).
The association with GMIT originates in the association with its predecessor the Galway Regional Technical College, with whom Mountbellew commenced in 1986 a Higher Certificate in Business Studies (agribusiness) which had pathways on to a Degree in Business. In 1998 an evening course in business studies for adults commenced. 2001 seen the start of a Higher Certificate in Agriculture, which allows students to progress to a Bachelor Degree in Science in Agriculture and Environmental Management.
Galway West Fine Gael TD Paul Connaughton, Jnr attended Mountbellew qualifying with a Business degree from GMIT.

</doc>
<doc id="36719179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719179" title="American Fork Second Ward Meetinghouse">
American Fork Second Ward Meetinghouse

The American Fork Second Ward Meetinghouse is an eclectic Gothic Revival building on South Street in American Fork, Utah. Built from 1903 to 1904, it served as Mormon meetinghouse until 1982. It is believed that the building was designed by James H. Pulley, a local carpenter and builder. A large addition built in 1929 was designed by architects Young and Hansen of Salt Lake City. In 1984, the building was sold to Michael Bigelow. It became the home of Bigelow & Co. Organ Builders. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="36719192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719192" title="Van der Boom">
Van der Boom

van der Boom is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36719193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719193" title="Micronesian referendum, 1999">
Micronesian referendum, 1999

A four-part referendum was held in the Federated States of Micronesia on 1 July 1999. Voters were asked whether a constitutional convention should be called, whether they approved of a proposal on the distribution of revenues from the country's exclusive economic zone (EEZ), whether the amount of tax revenues distributed to the states should rise from 50% to 70%, and whether states should be given exclusive ownership of their natural resources. The latter three had originally been planned to be held alongside the parliamentary elections in March, but were postponed due to a lack of funds to print the ballot papers.
The referendum on holding a Constitutional Convention was held in accordance with Chapter XIV, Article 2 of the Constitution, which required a referendum every 10 years on convening a Convention. It required only a simple majority in favour. The other three referendums were all popular initiatives, and required 75% of voters to vote in favour in at least three of the four states.
The question on the EEZ proposed inserting a new article 23 in Chapter IX of the constitution:
The question on natural resources proposed inserting a new article 2 to Chapter I:
Results.
The proposal to hold a Constitutional Convention was approved by voters, whilst the other three proposals were rejected.

</doc>
<doc id="36719208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719208" title="American Fork Third Ward Meetinghouse">
American Fork Third Ward Meetinghouse

The American Fork Third Ward Meetinghouse is a historic Gothic Revival building with Jacobethan Revival decorative elements located on West 300 North in American Fork, Utah. Built from 1903 to 1905, it operated as a Mormon meetinghouse until 1994. It was expanded with the addition of wings in 1938 and in 1958. The building was sold to the Briar Rose Preschool in 1994 and remodeled for use as a school. In 1991, the building was sold to the Chapel Hill Academy. The building was sold again in 2001 and renovated as the Northampton Reception Center. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="36719210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719210" title="Solua">
Solua

Solua (ソルア) is a Japanese music group that composed the ending themes of the anime "Noein" and "Project Blue Earth SOS".
Discography.
Singles.
Ending theme of "Noein" / LACM-4231
Ending theme of "Project Blue Earth SOS" / LACM-4291

</doc>
<doc id="36719218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719218" title="Van der Burg">
Van der Burg

Van der Burg or Van den Burg is a Dutch toponymic surname meaning "from the fortress", Vanderburg or Vandenburg are concatenated variations of these names. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36719222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719222" title="Temptation of Wife (2012 TV series)">
Temptation of Wife (2012 TV series)

Temptation of Wife is a Filipino romantic drama series developed by Richard Cruz, which premiered on GMA Network it premiered on October 29, 2012 in GMA Telebabad block, replacing "Luna Blanca", and October 30, 2012 worldwide via GMA Pinoy TV. The series is a remake of 2008 South Korean hit drama series of the same title. It banners Marian Rivera, Dennis Trillo, Glaiza de Castro and Rafael Rosell as the four main characters of the series. It is under the helm of Dominic Zapata.
The show is part of the network's line-up of primetime shows for the last quarter of 2012, along with "Aso ni San Roque", "Pahiram ng Sandali" and "".
The series concluded on April 5, 2013 and replacing by "Love & Lies" on its timeslot. The show ran for twenty three weeks with 113 episodes. From September 2, 2013, until February 12, 2014 it was re-aired on GMA Life TV worldwide. This series was also released in My Pinoy TV.
Synopsis.
Angeline and Heidi share a deep bond of friendship ever since Heidi was orphaned and was taken under the custody of Angeline's parents, Abner and Minda. Angeline grows up responsible and compassionate while Heidi, fueled by ambition and envy, secretly detests Angeline and always feels inferior next to her.
Many boys are attracted to Angeline but she falls in love with Marcel. It doesn't take long before Angeline becomes pregnant and gives up on her dreams of becoming a nurse in order to marry Marcel.
Although their marriage is void of happiness, Angeline tries to be an excellent wife to her husband, and takes good care of her in-laws, Romeo and Stella. However, she soon learns that the life she chose is full of lies and betrayals. Adding to her woes is her unexpected miscarriage. She soon discovers that Marcel is cheating on her and shocked to learn of Heidi’s treachery. Angeline is devastated by the thought of being betrayed by the two people closest to her heart.
Marcel decides to end his affair with Heidi but Heidi is already pregnant with his child. He chooses to live with her as Angeline is forced to go back and stay with her parents. But Angeline finds out that she, too, is pregnant with Marcel's child.
Heidi then tries to get rid of that child but ends up drowning Angeline herself by accident. But by a twist of fate, Angeline survives and is back for revenge. She assumes the identity of another woman and seeks out vengeance against Marcel and Heidi. Now, it's time for pay back and Angeline will do everything to taste the bittersweet part of her revenge.
Cast and characters.
Minor characters.
As the series progressed, several recurring characters appeared:
Overview.
Origin.
"Temptation of Wife" (아내의 유혹) is a 2008 Korean drama series originally broadcast by Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS) from November 28, 2008 till May 1, 2009. It was written by Soon-ok Kim and directed by Se-kang Oh. The series starred Seo Hee Jang, Jae Hwang Lee, Woo Min Byun and Seo Hyung Kim as the lead characters.
Despite the controversies regarding the storyline of the drama and the "plagiarism" issues, it still remains to be one of the most popular and highly watched dramas in South Korea. The series also won several awards in 2009 SBS Drama Awards including the Daesang (Grand Prize) award for Seo Hee Jang; Best Actor award for Woo Min Byun; Best Supporting Actor award for Joon Yong Choi; Best Actress award for Suh Hyung Kim; and Best Young Actor award for Yoon Suk Jung.
The series also had a huge success in the Philippines during its run. GMA Network aired the series (dubbed in Tagalog) in an early primetime slot from October 4, 2010 and concluded on May 27, 2011. Due to its popularity, the network decided to re-aired the series on primetime from June 6, 2011 – August 25, 2011.
Production and development.
Mid-2011, in a press lunch, the then GMA Network's senior vice president for entertainment, Wilma Galvante formally announced that they would be adapting the Korean series, "Temptation of Wife" to a local version. The network had started its pre-production earlier 2012. The assigned head writer, Dode Cruz stated that he develops "a bit serious, sexier and edgier version" than the original. The producer assigned Dominic Zapata to helm the series.
GMA Network released a sneak preview of the series via an omnibus plug, entitled "Ang Tahanan ng Dramang Inyong Mamahalin" (lit. Home of the Dramas That You Will Love) on October 6, 2012, along with the network's three other primetime offerings intended for the last quarter of the year. Though originally planned for December, 2012 premiere, the show, however, moved to an earlier playdate. following the cancellation of the supposed Dingdong Dantes-Kylie Padilla series, "Haram",
Casting.
Cast and characters were all announced in September 11, 2012 during the series' story conference, with the main cast being, Marian Rivera, Dennis Trillo, Alessandra De Rossi and Rafael Rosell. The network personally chose Rivera and Trillo to reprise the characters of Angeline Santos and Marcel Salcedo, respectively, for the local adaptation of Temptation of Wife. The two first worked together on 2010 Filipino adaptation of another Korean series, "Endless Love". As for her preparation, Rivera stated that "Whenever I have a new soap, I make sure to ask some tips about the role. Then I talk to my director how he wants me to approach my role. I'd like to have an idea of the character that I am going to portray and how I would give life to it onscreen," she said. She further stated that she wants every role she does to be different from the previous one in terms of how she going to approach it. "I was challenged to alter the concept of being a "damsel in distress" in my role as Angeline," she added. On the other hand, Trillo described his character as a "not-so-typical-leading-man" role.
Actress, Alessandra de Rossi was originally assigned by the network to play the antagonist role, Heidi Fernandez. She is known in her villainous roles in the hit series, Legacy. However, the role was eventually given to Glaiza de Castro.
Another series' regular, Rafael Rosell portrayed Nigel Armada, the main protagonist's romantic interest. This series served as Rosell's first major project for the network after he inked an exclusive contract on August 13, 2012. Series' director Dominic Zapata, made the entire cast watch the original series before shooting began to familiarized their characters.
Filming.
The series’ plug, teasers and opening title sequence were filmed on September 11, 2012 in a studio at GMA Network Center in Quezon City. The said teaser is actually an omnibus plug for the network's final set of primetime offerings for 2012. Filming for the series began on October 9, 2012. Many of the series’ scenes were shot on location in Quezon City.
Reception.
Although the show's initial weeks could only muster a top three standing, its fortunes changed when Marian Rivera's character (Angeline Santos) returned with a new, feisty identity (Chantal Gonzales). According to the Comparative Program Ratings and Audience Shares data of Nielsen Philippines from December 1, 2012 to January 4, 2013, the show headed the NUTAM, Urban Luzon, and Mega Manila with household ratings of 19.6%, 21.9%, and 22.9%, respectively. The show also registered high numbers in household shares compared to its counterparts, with 38.3% in NUTAM, 40.9% in Urban Luzon, and 41.3% in Mega Manila (using the assumption of an estimated five viewers per TV household, the show's margins of 1.2 points and 6.5 points translate to more than 500,000 viewers and almost 3 million viewers, correspondingly).
The series was also considered as a "critical success" from its first season: Vincent Anthon Garcia of gulfnews.com said that "Marian Rivera has proved why she is truly the Queen of Primetime TV. Her current series, "Temptation of Wife", has zoomed to the top of the ratings". Mario Bautista of Journal praised the show's main villain, Glaiza de Castro, said that "One reason why "Temptation of Wife" clicks with viewers is the fact that de Castro is so effective as the villainous Heidi. We know she didn't want to play kontrabida (villainess) again after she did lead roles in "Grazilda" and "Biritera". But Glaiza made the right decision in accepting the Heidi role as it's really so "mark" and she can show her versatility as an actress who can do both lead and villain roles."

</doc>
<doc id="36719237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719237" title="Sandra Luesse">
Sandra Luesse

Sandra Carolina Luesse (born June 16, 1982) is an American actress with a Peruvian and German background. Luesse got her start in 2007 when she was cast as the lead girl in the Latin Rock sensation, MANA, Manda una Señal music video which shot to #1 position of the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart.
Early life.
Luesse was born in Berlin, Germany, to her German father Dr. Karl-Heinz Luesse and to her Peruvian mother Lucilla Carolina Escudero. Luesse moved to the states when she was 7 years old. Her first stop was Atlanta, Georgia followed by Chicago, Ill and then San Diego, CA. In 2006, Luesse moved to Los Angeles to pursue her acting career. Then made her way to commercials and eventually TV and film.
Career.
Luesse got her start in 2007 when she was cast as the lead girl in the Latin Rock sensation, Maná, Manda una Señal music video which shot to #1 position of the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart. Shortly after she landed the role of Lisa in Co-Ed Confidential, the series remake of National Lampoon’s Animal House. In 2011, Luesse won best female breakthrough action star for her role as Gina Cassidy in Cartel War. You can also see Luesse acting alongside Jon Voight and Dermot Mulroney in the supernatural thriller, Beyond. Luesse has guest starred on The Young and the Restless and co-starred opposite Tony Shalhoub and Steve Zhan on Monk. She can also be seen on “Friends with Benefits” and “Jimmy Kimmel”.
Luesse is also recognized as an international DJ where she has spun for brands around the world including Le Diner en Blanc, Nikki Beach, French Tuesdays, House of Blues, Soho House, and many high profile events including her residency at 1912 inside the acclaimed Beverly Hills Hotel. While DJing at a Grammy Entertainment basketball league, Luesse was offered her own 13 episode show called “The Lady Splash Show’ on TradioV. Soon after, she became a co-host for Epic EDM and Techno Buffalo.

</doc>
<doc id="36719278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719278" title="Kurt Coleman (rugby union)">
Kurt Coleman (rugby union)

Kurt Coleman is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with in the Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup.
History.
He represented the in the 2008 Craven Week, which earned him a move to . After playing for them in the Under-19 and Under-21 Currie Cup competitions, he was included in their 2011 Vodacom Cup squad, making his debut against the on the opening weekend.
After eight appearances in that competition, he was called up into the squad for the 2011 Super Rugby season. He made his Stormers debut on 30 April 2011 against the , coming on as a substitute in the 70th minute and scoring a penalty 4 minutes later. He made a further four appearances for the Stormers, including three starts.
He failed to break into the Stormers team for the 2012 Super Rugby season, instead representing Western Province in the Vodacom Cup, where he scored 44 points in 10 games.
After a short spell on loan at the , he returned to Western Province for the 2012 Currie Cup Premier Division.
He also played for in the 2011 Varsity Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36719330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719330" title="Human Protein Atlas">
Human Protein Atlas

The Human Protein Atlas (HPA) program is a scientific research program with the goal to explore the whole human proteome using an antibody-based approach. The program was started at the Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden, in 2003 and funded by the non-profit organization Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation (KAW).
The project has a gene-centric approach with the effort to map and characterize a representative protein for each protein-coding human gene (approximately 20,000 genes). Antibodies, both in-house produced and external (commercial and from collaborators), are validated in the HPA workflow and used for protein characterization. The data is released annually in a publicly available information database portal The Human Protein Atlas. In the release of the 10th database in September 2012, 14,079 (approx. 70% of human protein-coding genes) genes had been covered.
The database includes protein expression profiles from 44 different normal and 20 different cancer tissues, 46 cell lines, subcellular localization and transcript expression levels. The database is searchable for a specific gene or protein. Functionalities added to the The Human Protein Atlas in later versions allow for combined searches, e.g. to find all proteins expressed in a certain organ or tissue or proteins differentially expressed in a specific tumor type.
History.
The HPA program was started in 2003 and funded by the non-profit organization Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation (KAW). The main site of the project is the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH), School of Biotechnology (Stockholm, Sweden). Professor Mathias Uhlén is the coordinator of the program.
The research underpinning the start of the exploration of the whole human proteome in the Human Protein Atlas program was carried out in the late 1990s and early 2000s. A pilot study employing an affinity proteomics strategy using affinity-purified antibodies raised against recombinant human protein fragments was carried out for a chromosome-wide protein profiling of chromosome 21. Other projects were also carried out to establish processes for parallel and automated affinity purification of mono-specific antibodies and their validation.,
Research.
Antibodies and antigens, produced in the HPA workflow, are used in research projects to study potential biomarkers in various diseases, such as breast cancer, prostate cancer, colon cancer, diabetes, autoimmune diseases, ovarian cancer and renal failure., ,
In close collaboration to the HPA, a rodent brain atlas is also being built using the HPA-validated antibodies. Protein distribution is investigated in the nervous system of the rodent brain.
Collaborations.
The HPA program is participating in 9 EU research projects ENGAGE, PROSPECTS, BIO_NMD, AFFINOMICS, CAGEKID, EURATRANS, ITFoM, DIRECT and PRIMES.

</doc>
<doc id="36719366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719366" title="Anita Rée">
Anita Rée

Anita Clara Rée (born 9 February 1885 in Hamburg, died 12 December 1933 in Kampen) was a German avant-garde painter during the Weimar Republic.
Born into an old Jewish family of Hamburg merchants, she was the daughter of Israel Rée and Clara, née Hahn. Anita and her sister Emilie were however baptized and raised as Lutherans, in accordance with the social norms of assimilated upper middle class and upper class Jewish families in Germany at the time. 
From 1905, she studied with the Hamburg painter Arthur Siebelist. In 1906, she met Max Liebermann, who recognized her talent and encouraged her to continue her artistic career. During the winter of 1912–1913, she studied with Fernand Léger in Paris.
From around 1914, Anita Rée gained recognition as a portrait painter.
She took her own life in 1933, partly as a result of having been subjected to hostility from various groups and harassment by antisemitic forces, partly due to disappointments on the personal level. In a note to her sister, she decried the insanity of the world. Her art was later designated "entartete Kunst" by the Nazis.

</doc>
<doc id="36719377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719377" title="Vandergriff">
Vandergriff

Vandergriff is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36719384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719384" title="Vanderhaeghe">
Vanderhaeghe

Vanderhaeghe is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36719391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719391" title="Santosh Chowdhary">
Santosh Chowdhary

Santosh Chowdhary (born 05 Oct 1944) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Indian National Congress. She was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from the Hoshiarpur constituency in 2009. She was earlier elected from the Phillaur constituency Punjab in 1992 and 1999. She was the Chairperson of the National Commission for Safai Karamcharis.

</doc>
<doc id="36719394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719394" title="Zinda Bhaag">
Zinda Bhaag

Zinda Bhaag () is a 2013 Pakistani Punjabi-language drama film directed by Meenu Gaur and Farjad Nabi, and produced by Mazhar Zaidi. The film had a premiere show on September 19, 2013 and a wide release on September 20. The film was selected as the Pakistani entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards, the first in over 50 years, but it was not nominated.
Plot.
Zinda Bhaag is a film about three young men trying to escape the reality of their everyday lives and succeeding in ways they had least expected. In a nondescript neighbourhood of Lahore, three friends are desperate to get on to the fast track to success. Khaldi, Taambi and Chitta, all in their early twenties, believe that the only way out is to the West. The journey that unfolds through the story of this film gives us a peep into what constitutes the everyday in the lives of many young men and women in Pakistan - a sense of entitlement that cannot be fulfilled, desperation to somehow prove themselves in the face of all legitimate doors being locked and an ennui from which they feel there is no getaway.
Awards.
The film won four awards at the International South Asian Film Festival in Canada.
Soundtrack.
Track listing.
The original soundtrack (OST) of the film, sung by Rahat Fateh Ali Khan. The film’s music features voices Abrarul Haq, Arif Lohar and Saleema Jawwad. Lohar and Jawwad have sung a song on love and death while Bagga has contributed his vocals to two tracks, an upbeat dance-bhangra number and a romantic ballad. 
Release.
First look of Zinda Bhaag's trailer was unveiled on 18 June 2013. This film was earlier set to release on the 6th of September. Due to a backlog of unreleased films, the release of ‘Zinda Bhaag’ was postponed. It released on 20 September 2013. 'Zinda Bhaag' has been released in 10 states of US as well on 18 October 2013.
Film may also release in India. The film arrived at Abu Dhabi Film Festival (24 October - 2 November 2013).
“Zinda Bhaag” is set to be screened during the seventh edition of the National Film Development Corporation (NFDC) initiative Film Bazaar, which would begin from 20 November 2013 in Goa.

</doc>
<doc id="36719395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719395" title="Richards, McCarty &amp; Bulford">
Richards, McCarty &amp; Bulford

Richards, McCarty & Bulford was an American architectural firm. The General Services Administration has called the firm the "preeminent" architectural firm of the city of Columbus, Ohio. A number of the firm's works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="36719404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719404" title="Günter Bechly">
Günter Bechly

Günter Bechly (born 16 October 1963) is a German paleontologist and entomologist, who mainly works on fossil insects (especially odonates).
Life.
Bechly was born in Sindelfingen to Ursula Elfriede Bechly, and Günter Erwin Hermann Bechly. He is married since 2005 to Maria Luise Bechly (*1979, née Winkelhofer) and has a son Lukas Hendrik Bechly (*2013).
Bechly studied biology at the University of Hohenheim and zoology, parasitology and paleontology at the University of Tübingen. In 1999 he finished his PhD thesis on the fossil history and phylogeny of dragonflies and damselflies. After working for nearly a year as scientific volunteer in 1999, Bechly began became curator for amber and fossil insects at the State Museum of Natural History in Stuttgart. He has made research visits to the Museum of Comparative Zoology and other natural history museums.
Work.
Bechly's research as palaeoentomologist is mainly focussed on the evolution, phylogeny, and fossil history of odonates and other basal pterygotes, and fossil insects from the Upper Jurassic Solnhofen Plattenkalk of Germany and the Lower Cretaceous Crato Formation of Brazil, as well as diverse amber inclusions. Bechly described about 167 new species and numerous higher taxa, including a phylogenetic re-classification of dragonflies and damselflies. The description of the new fossil insect order Coxoplectoptera in 2011 provided new clues to the evolution of insect wings and received a broad international media coverage.
In 2009 Bechly organized as project leader the special exhibition "Der Fluss des Lebens - 150 Jahre Evolutionstheorie" at Rosenstein Castle, which attracted over 90.000 visitors and was one of the largest events of the "Darwin Year" celebrations in Germany. The concept for this exhibition was among the winners of the idea competition "Evolution heute" by the German VolkswagenStiftung in 2008.
Bechly has made several appearances on German TV.
Eponymy.
The following new taxa and species have been named in his honour:

</doc>
<doc id="36719416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719416" title="Vanderhoef">
Vanderhoef

Vanderhoef is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36719442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719442" title="Pallaskenry Agricultural College">
Pallaskenry Agricultural College

Pallaskenry Agricultural College is a centre of training for farmers, mechanics and salespeople for the Agricultural and Farm Machinery industries. It is located in Pallaskenry, County Limerick, and is owned and managed by the Salesian Fathers. The College is co-located with Salesian Secondary College. The Salesians also used to run Warrenstown College, County Meath.
The College runs courses in partnership with Limerick Institute of Technology(LIT), Teagasc, FETAC, HETAC, City & Guilds, Fás and Limerick VEC. Courses include Advanced Certificate in Agriculture and an Advanced Certificate in Agricultural Mechanisation validated by FETAC, as well as a Higher Certificate in Technology in Agricultural Mechanisation validated by HETAC with LIT. Also running is a new Teagasc Level 6 Advanced Certificate in Agriculture.
Facilities.
The college farm consists of 210 hectares and a dairy herd. A milking parlour and dairy shed are located onsite. The farm has a beef cattle heard and a flock of sheep. There are engineering and machinery workshops to facilitate the delivery of the colleges specialised machinery programmes. The college also houses Computer labs for student training.

</doc>
<doc id="36719473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719473" title="Wilhelm Amsinck Burchard-Motz">
Wilhelm Amsinck Burchard-Motz

Wilhelm Amsinck Burchard-Motz (born 4 July 1878 in Hamburg, died 13 January 1963 in Hamburg) was a German lawyer and national-liberal politician. He served as Senator for Trade, Shipping and Industry of Hamburg from 1925 to 1933 and as Second Mayor from 1933 to 1934. Burchard-Motz was a member of the Nazi Party.
He was the son of Hamburg First Mayor Johann Heinrich Burchard and Emily Amsinck. Following studies in Heidelberg, Lausanne and Cambridge, he worked as lawyer in Hamburg from 1904 where he was a member of the Esche Schümann Commichau (chambers, as in association of barristers).
In the 1950s, he was Vice President of the German Golf Association.

</doc>
<doc id="36719474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719474" title="Shane McLeod (field hockey)">
Shane McLeod (field hockey)

Shane McLeod is a New Zealand field hockey coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the New Zealand national field hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="36719493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719493" title="Lyubomir Gutsev">
Lyubomir Gutsev

Lyubomir Gutsev (; born 18 March 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender for Chernomorets Burgas.

</doc>
<doc id="36719494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719494" title="Festival Coronation March">
Festival Coronation March

The Festival Coronation March in D Major, TH 50, ČW 47, is an orchestral work by Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky ordered by the city of Moscow for the coronation of Tsar Alexander III in 1883. It was written during March 1883 and performed for the first time on [O.S. ], 1883 in Sokolniki Park (Moscow), conducted by Sergei Taneyev. The music included the anthem "God Save the Tsar." Recordings of this piece generally run between 5 and 5½ minutes.
First Performances.
The Saint Petersburg premiere was on , conducted by Hans von Bülow.
The American premiere was on , for the opening concert of Carnegie Hall, conducted by Tchaikovsky himself.
Modern Revisions.
During the Soviet Era, Russian performances and recordings of the music were revised to omit the excerpts from the Czarist national anthem, replacing it with thematic material used earlier in the march. Other works that quoted or otherwise used the anthem, such as Tchaikovsky's "Marche Slave", were also revised, due to an official Soviet ban on the anthem.
Starting with Dmitri Medvedev’s inauguration in 2008, an abbreviated version of this piece is played during the Russian presidential inauguration accompanying the entrance of the incoming president. This version lasts less than two minutes, and so ends well before the playing in this piece of the Tsarist anthem "God Save the Tsar". Unlike Tchaikovsky’s other major compositions, the "Coronation March" does not have an opus number. It has been given the alternative catalogue designations TH 50 and ČW 47.

</doc>
<doc id="36719495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719495" title="Buxolestes">
Buxolestes

Buxolestes is an extinct genus of semi-aquatic, placental mammals belonging to the family Pantolestidae. Species in this genus were part of the first placental evolutionary radiation during the Middle Eocene (50-40 mya).
Description.
Buxolestes species were otter-like freshwater fish predators with a body length reaching about and a tail about long. They were significantly smaller than most living species of otters. Fossilized stomach contents confirm their semiaquatic freshwater habits. The anatomy of these archaic "insectivorous" mammals is known through well-preserved Middle Eocene specimens found at Messel in Germany. Their structure evidence a clear adaptations to a semiaquatic way of life. The forelimbs and hindlimbs are powerful and show strong claws. The tail is clearly fit for swimming. The skull is long, with large molars that appear to be adapted to a diet of molluscs with shells (freshwater clams and freshwater snails), but the prediliction postulated from the dentition has not been confirmed.

</doc>
<doc id="36719500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719500" title="Maik Baumgarten">
Maik Baumgarten

Maik Baumgarten (born April 26, 1993) is a German footballer who plays for Rot-Weiss Erfurt. He made his debut for the club in December 2010, as a substitute for Denis-Danso Weidlich in a 4–0 win over VfR Aalen.

</doc>
<doc id="36719502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719502" title="Cho Myung-jun">
Cho Myung-jun

Cho Myung-jun (born July 29, 1970) is a South Korean field hockey coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the South Korea national field hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="36719516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719516" title="Joe Brandt">
Joe Brandt

Joe Brandt (July 20, 1882 - February 22, 1939) was an American publicist, screenwriter, editor, film producer, and general manager. After obtaining a law degree from New York University he spent seven years working for Hampton's Advertising Agency, then worked for "Billboard", "The Player", and the "Dramatic Mirror". In 1912, he was hired to be a member of Carl Laemmle's staff, a few months before Universal was founded. Brandt was reported to have suggested renaming the National Board of Censorship to the National Board of Review, and was one of the founding members of the Associated Motion Picture Advertisers. In 1919 he left Universal and joined the National Film Corporation, then in 1920 he left National and became one of the founding members of C. B. C. Film Sales, which evolved into Columbia Pictures. After leaving Columbia in 1932, Brandt worked briefly for several different firms before retiring in 1935 due to Follicular lymphoma. Brandt died on February 22, 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="36719524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719524" title="Patrick Göbel">
Patrick Göbel

Patrick Göbel (born July 8, 1993) is a German footballer who plays for Rot-Weiss Erfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="36719533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719533" title="Tool Academy">
Tool Academy

Tool Academy is a reality TV franchise. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36719535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719535" title="Viktor Shishkov">
Viktor Shishkov

Viktor Shishkov (; born 7 September 1986) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="36719537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719537" title="Fort d'Évegnée">
Fort d'Évegnée

The Fort d'Évegnée is one of twelve forts built as part of the fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium. It was built between 1881 and 1884 according to the plans of General Henri Alexis Brialmont. Contrasting with the French forts built in the same era by Raymond Adolphe Séré de Rivières, the fort was built exclusively of unreinforced concrete, a new material, rather than masonry. The fort was heavily bombarded by German artillery in the Battle of Liège in World War I and again at the opening of World War II. It is now an industrial site, used for the storage and testing of rocket propellant.
Description.
The Fort d'Évegnée is located about east of the center of Liège near the community of Évegnée-Tignée. With the Fort de Fléron, Évignée protects the Hesbaye plain and rail access from the direction of Aachen, as well as the Hervé road.
The fort forms an isosceles triangle whose base is long and whose sides measure . A deep by ditch encircles the fort. The principal armament was concentrated in the central massif. The ditches were defended in enfilade by 57mm guns in casemates resembling counterscarp batteries, firing at shot traps at the other end of the ditch. It is one of the smaller forts of Liège.
With the exception of the Fort de Loncin, the Belgian forts made little provision for the daily needs of their wartime garrisons, locating latrines, showers, kitchens and the morgue in the fort's counterscarp, a location that would be untenable in combat. This would have profound effects on the forts' ability to endure a long assault. The service areas were placed directly opposite the barracks, which opened into the ditch in the rear of the fort (i.e., in the face towards Liège), with lesser protection than the two "salient" sides. The Brialmont forts placed a weaker side to the rear to allow for recapture by Belgian forces from the rear, and located the barracks and support facilities on this side, using the rear ditch for light and ventilation of living spaces. In combat heavy shellfire made the rear ditch untenable, and German forces were able to get between the forts and attack them from the rear.
The Brialmont forts were designed to be protected from shellfire equaling their heaviest guns: 21 cm. The top of the central massif used of unreinforced concrete, while the caserne walls, judged to be less exposed, used . Under fire, the forts were damaged by 21 cm fire and could not withstand heavier artillery.
Armament.
Évegnée's armament included a Grüsonwerke turret with a single 21 cm Krupp gun, a15cm Creusot turret with twin guns and two 12 cm Châtillon-Commentry turrets with two Krupp guns, all for distant targets. Four Grüsonwerke 57mm gun turrets were provided for local defense. The fort also mounted an observation turret with a searchlight. Nine rapid-fire 57mm guns were provided in casemates for the defense of the ditches and the postern.
The fort's heavy guns were German, typically Krupp, while the turret mechanisms were from a variety of sources. The fort was provided with signal lights to permit communication with the neighboring Fort de Barchon and Fort de Fléron. The guns were fired using black powder rather than smokeless powder, producing choking gas in the confined firing spaces that spread throughout the fort.
First World War.
Liège first came under attack on 5 August 1914, with the intervals around Évegnée the scene of some of the heaviest fighting. When the Liège's fortifications proved unexpectedly stubborn, the Germans brought heavy siege artillery to bombard the forts with shells far larger than they were designed to resist. Évegnée was one of the first targets. It was heavily bombarded starting 10 August, continuing until 0450 hours on 11 August. The fort surrendered at 1530, having lost its ability to resist.
Occupying the fort during the remainder of the war, Germans made a number of improvements to the fort in 1914 and 1915.
Fortified Position of Liège.
Évegnée's armament was upgraded in the 1930s to become part of the Fortified Position of Liège II, which was planned to deter a German incursion over the nearby border. The armament was upgraded with new guns in the turrets and an anti-aircraft battery. This was accompanied by improvements to ventilation, protection, sanitary facilities, communications and electrical power. An infantry shelter with an automatic rifle cloche was built at this time, as well as a remote air intake tower some distance away from fort, linked to the fort by an underground tunnel. The air intake survives, and is in particularly good condition.
Second World War.
Évegnée was attacked by German forces starting 16 May 1940, holding out until it surrendered on 19 May.
Present.
Évegnée is owned and used by the Forges de Zeebrugge for storage and testing of rocket propellant, and is not accessible to the public. The fort was purchased by FZ in 1971 and was stripped of military equipment before its conversion

</doc>
<doc id="36719543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719543" title="Kamal Chaudhry">
Kamal Chaudhry

Kamal Chaudhry (born 3 July 1947) is an Indian Politician. He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from the Hoshiarpur constituency in 1984, 1989, 1992 and 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="36719544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719544" title="Cape lechwe">
Cape lechwe

The Cape, or Venter's Lechwe, ("Kobus leche venterae") is a now extinct subspecies of the varied Red Lechwe "Kobus leche" that formerly occurred in the North West, Gauteng, Free State, Northern Cape, and Eastern Cape Provinces of South Africa. Like the other subspecies within the "Kobus leche" group, the Cape Lechwe inhabited extensive marshlands, fens and alluvial flooded grasslands that flourished across the vast plains of the aforementioned Provinces of the Republic of South Africa in the not so distant past. The estimated southern limit of Cape Lechwe range within the Eastern Cape Province seems to have been the central plateau that is the South African Highveld, in the environs of Cradock and Tarkastad.
The Cape Lechwe stood between 90 to 100 centimetres at the shoulder and topped the scale at between 70 to 120 kilograms. In all probability they were marked similarly to the Red Lechwe "Kobus l. leche" subspecies, being golden brown with a white belly. Therefore males were darker in colour, but the general hue of their hide varied depending on the southern ecotypical cline. The long spiral structured horns were vaguely lyre-shaped, and were found only in males. Their hind legs were somewhat longer in proportion than in other antelopes, as with all subspecies within the "Kobus leche" group, to ease long-distance running in moist, inundated, and marshy soils.
Habitat.
The Cape Lechwe, as with the other extant subspecies, were highly specialized in their habitat requirements, with water being at the center of their existence. This being the case, Lechwe in general rarely venture further than say 2 to 3 kilometres from a permanent water source. Their characteristic haunt, as with the extant subspecies, were shallow inundated floodplains on the periphery of rivers, lakes and swamps, and especially on the ecotone that these habitats form with papyrus "Cyperus papyrus", both "Phragmites australis" and "Phragmites mauritianus" reeds, and tall aquatic grasses. These habitats in addition to knee-deep water were used as protection against predators. Their legs are covered in a water repelling substance allowing them to run quite fast in knee-deep water.
Lechwe are diurnal. They gather in herds which can include many thousands of individuals. Herds are usually all of one sex but during mating season they mix.

</doc>
<doc id="36719546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719546" title="Marius Strangl">
Marius Strangl

Martius Strangl (born October 2, 1990) is a German footballer who plays for Rot-Weiss Erfurt.

</doc>
<doc id="36719550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719550" title="Yevgeni Koksharov">
Yevgeni Koksharov

Yevgeni Alekseyevich Koksharov (; born January 12, 1992) is a Russian football midfielder who last played for FC Oktan Perm.
He made his debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Oktan Perm on July 21, 2012 in a game against FC Tyumen.

</doc>
<doc id="36719559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719559" title="Charles-Eugène Guye">
Charles-Eugène Guye

Charles-Eugène Guye (October 15, 1866 – July 15, 1942) was a Swiss physicist. He was born in Champvent and died in Geneva. Guye studied physics at the University of Geneva where he received his doctorate in 1889, studying the phenomenon of optical rotary dispersion.
From 1890 to 1892 Charles-Eugène worked as a Privatdozent (lecturer) in Geneva, and from 1893 to 1900 he was a Privatdozent at Zurich Polytechnic (now the Federal Institute of Technology Zurich ETH Zurich), switching his research interests to electrical engineering. Albert Einstein was one of his students. From 1900 to 1930 he was professor and director of the Physics Institute of the University of Geneva.
His research focus was in the fields of electric currents, magnetism, and electrical discharges in gases. Starting in 1907 and continuing for over a decade, he and his students Simon Ratnowsky and Charles Lavanchy conducted experiments that demonstrated the dependence of the electron mass on its speed, with results supporting the predictions of Lorentz, Einstein, and the special theory of relativity against Abraham's rival theory of the electron.
He participated in the 5th and 7th Solvay Conferences, and was the author or co-author of over 200 papers in physics and several popular books, including philosophical works on the biological-physical-chemical basis of evolution and the limits of physics and biology.
His older brother, Philippe-Auguste (1862–1922), was a distinguished chemist.

</doc>
<doc id="36719565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719565" title="Jonas Nietfeld">
Jonas Nietfeld

Jonas Nietfeld (born January 15, 1994) is a German footballer who plays for Rot-Weiss Erfurt. 
Career.
Nietfeld played as a youth for Hannover 96 before joining Erfurt in 2010. He made his debut for the club in August 2010, as a substitute for Tom Bertram in a 3–0 defeat to Hallescher FC.

</doc>
<doc id="36719581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719581" title="Dani Martín (field hockey)">
Dani Martín (field hockey)

Dani Martín is a Spanish field hockey coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Spain national field hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="36719594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719594" title="Calveley (surname)">
Calveley (surname)

Calveley is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36719600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719600" title="İlyas Salman">
İlyas Salman

İlyas Salman (born 14 January 1949) is a Turkish actor, film director, author, screenwriter and musician.
He shared the Adana Golden Boll International Film Festival's Best Actor Award in 2012 together with Engin Günaydın for his role in "Yeraltı".

</doc>
<doc id="36719607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719607" title="Confederação Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola">
Confederação Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola

Confederação Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola ('General Confederation of the Workers of Angola', abbreviated CGTA) was a Catholic Angolan trade union organization in exile. CGTA was founded in 1962. CGTA advocated in favour of 'trade union pluralism', and was independent of political parties.
As of 1966 Simão Laderia-Lumona was the national president of CGTA, Pedro Makumbi-Marquès the general secretary and Pedro Hilário Antonio the administrative secretary. As of 1970 CGTA had around 5,000-10,000 members.
CGTA was affiliated to the World Confederation of Labour, and received funding from the international body.
CGTA published the journal "A Esperança" ('The Hope').
CGTA joined hands with FNTA and UGTA in denouncing the UNTA-led coalition CUACSA, following a CUACSA statement denouncing the other Kinshasa-based unions.
The African-American Labor Center and the "Union nationale des travailleurs congolais" (later renamed "Union nationale des travailleurs zaïrois", UNTZa) organized joint seminars and courses for organizers of CGTA and the LGTA, focusing on labour history, organizing, administration and rural cooperatives. By October 1971 some 115 Angolan exiled unionists had participated in these trainings. On September 22, 1973 CGTA merged with LGTA, forming the "Central Sindical Angolana" ('Angolan Trade Union Centre', CSA).

</doc>
<doc id="36719608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719608" title="Jack Amariglio">
Jack Amariglio

Jack L. Amariglio (born April 6, 1951) is a North American heterodox economist. He is well known for his work on economic history, class analysis and (with David F. Ruccio) on economic methodology and postmodernism.
Biography.
Amariglio earned a B.A. in history from the City College of New York in 1973. He received his Ph.D. in 1984 from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. His dissertation was titled "Economic History and the Theory of Primitive Socio-Economic Development".
In 1988, Amariglio joined efforts with a group of colleagues to launch "Rethinking Marxism", an academic journal that aims to create a platform for rethinking and developing Marxian concepts and theories within economics as well as other fields of social inquiry. He served as the founding editor of the journal until 1997 and continues to serve as a member of both the editorial as well as the advisory boards of the journal.

</doc>
<doc id="36719610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719610" title="Alix Gerniers">
Alix Gerniers

Alix Gerniers (born 29 June 1993) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719618" title="Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's discus throw">
Athletics at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Men's discus throw

The Men's discus throw competition at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico took place on October 14–15.
Competition format.
The competition consisted of two rounds, qualification and final. Each athlete receives three throws in the qualifying round. All who achieve the qualifying distance progress to the final. If less than twelve athletes achieve this mark, then the twelve furthest throwing athletes reach the final. Each finalist is allowed three throws in last round, with the top eight athletes after that point being given three further attempts.
Records.
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
Results.
Qualifying round.
Qual. rule: qualification standard 58.00m (Q) or at least best 12 qualified (q).

</doc>
<doc id="36719632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719632" title="William Clark (Montgomery County, NY)">
William Clark (Montgomery County, NY)

William Clark (June 25, 1811 in Cooperstown, Otsego County, New York – May 28, 1885) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was the son of Cyrenus Clark (born 1772) and Rachel (Tracy) Clark (born 1777). In 1836, he married Anna Maria Newkirk (1819–1854).
He engaged in the produce and forwarding business at Fort Plain. He was at times Supervisor of the Town of Minden; and a trustee and President of the Village of Fort Plain.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Montgomery Co., 2nd D.) in 1852; and of the New York State Senate (15th D.) in 1863.

</doc>
<doc id="36719633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719633" title="Teghut Mine">
Teghut Mine

Teghut Mine is a proposed copper and molybdenum open-pit mine in Armenia's northern province of Lori in the village of Teghut. The mine will be comparable in size to the Kajaran Mine in southern Armenia.

</doc>
<doc id="36719647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719647" title="Rusticucci">
Rusticucci

Rusticucci is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36719668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719668" title="Tamilaruvi Manian">
Tamilaruvi Manian

Tamilaruvi Manian () is a politician from Tamil Nadu. He is the writer and well known speaker in Tamil. Because of his oratory skills the former chief minister of Tamil Nadu Kamaraj gave him the name Tamilaruvi.
Political career.
Tamilaruvi Manian began his political career as a congressman in 1966. After the split happened in the Indian National Congress party, he joined the Indian National Congress (Organisation). For some years, he served in political parties like Janata Party, Janata Dal, and Lok Shakti. He then joined the Tamil Maanila Congress(TMC). After the merger of TMC with Congress, he continued his career in Congress. He served in politics over 40 years. He resigned from the post of General Secretary of Tamil Nadu Congress Committee (TNCC) on 23 February 2009 because of the party's position on the Eelam Tamil issue. He founded the Gandhiya Arasiyal Iyakkam on 2 October 2009 which later renamed as Gandhiya Makkal Iyakkam. In 2014, he converted his organisation into a political party and named it as Gandhiya Makkal Katchi (GMK).

</doc>
<doc id="36719673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719673" title="Maria Taylor Beale">
Maria Taylor Beale

Maria Parker Taylor Beale (January 30, 1849 - January 21, 1929) was an American author. She published "Jack O'Doon: A Novel", a novel about the North Carolina coast, in 1895, and "The White Horse In The Tree Top". She was born Maria Taylor in Richmond, Virginia in 1894, and studied art in Paris. She also published a number of short stories. She married Charles Willing Beale, who was also an author, on January 25, 1872, and lived in Arden, North Carolina (which they helped found and which her husband named after the woods in William Shakespeare's "As You Like It"). She died in Arden on January 21, 1929, and is buried with her husband at Calvary Episcopal Church Cemetery in Fletcher, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="36719690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719690" title="List of unreleased Leona Lewis songs">
List of unreleased Leona Lewis songs


</doc>
<doc id="36719691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719691" title="John Culpepper (disambiguation)">
John Culpepper (disambiguation)

John Culpepper was an American politician.
John Culpepper may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36719695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719695" title="Suzuki S-Cross Concept">
Suzuki S-Cross Concept

The Suzuki S-Cross Concept is a concept by Japanese automotive manufacturer Suzuki. It is a futuristic study of a C-segment crossover. It will be unveiled at the 2012 Paris Motor Show in September.

</doc>
<doc id="36719711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719711" title="Naya Pata">
Naya Pata

"Naya Pata" NAYA PATA is an Independent Film to be produced through crowd funding. It is directed by Pawan K Shrivastava.
Naya Pata is an innovative cinema which tries to capture the emotional insight of a person during migration. It is the first independent film from Bihar which is being produced through crowd funding. Pawan K Shrivastava is the director of this film who feels proud to be a native of Chhapra (Bihar), a city well known for the preservation of literature. The idea of making a film on identity loss due to migration was a childhood dream of the director. Pawan K Shrivastava has introduced the concept of Crowd Funding in Bihar to convey his message through the film independently.
Naya Pata also holds the credit of being a debut film of the Director Pawan K Shrivastava, which is a great achievement for a newcomer in the film industry. According to him, “Naya Pata is based on the issue of migration and its pain since last three decades in Bihar. It’s a story of the Identity lost and found. It’s based on the back drop of the closure of Sugar Industry in Bihar during 1985-1990. It also talks about the modern and contemporary Bihar.”
Cinematography plays a significant role in filmmaking and Saket Saurabh has shown his excellence by shooting natural and real shots in the film. Saket Saurabh is a pass out student from L.V Prasad Academy, Chennai. He has shown his great dedication through the magic shots of mud lightings and silhouette photography. Saket Saurabh is known for his cinematography that speaks the whole story without explaining through words. His contribution to the film as cinematographer has brought a freshness and uniqueness in the story.
Genre.
The genre of the film is journey which describes the reestablishment of the lost identity by travelling from one place to another. The story is conveyed through cyclic screenplay where it starts from a point and after revolving around various circumstances it again comes to an end with the same point. This circular story will conclude a message to the viewers.
Synopsis.
‘Naya Pata’ is a film about struggle of a man to re-establish his lost identity and loneliness. Instead of emphasizing on migration, the film mainly talks about the intangible things that happen to a person when he migrates from one place to other, such as loneliness, loss of Identity and sense of belongingness. It talks about the intangible consequences of the migration. We have tried to tell the emotions of a migrated person, through his silence and behavior. Every frame of the film tries to convey that loneliness, loss of identity and pain through subtext. 
Film opens in 1985 – 1990, a period when sugar industry in Bihar was facing lock-out due to some clashes between labor and trade unions. Many of the sugar factories were locked-out and Ram Swarath Dubey, the protagonist of the film who used to work in the mill became jobless. Now he is left with no other option rather than migrating to a new place, i.e., New Delhi. Finally he comes to Delhi leaving behind her newly married wife. He gets a job in law firm and started working. As he started living in the city the feeling of loneliness was wandering around him. Delhi is a new world to him and in the course of time he finds himself torn between two worlds. Whenever he visits his native place, even there he feels no peace because nothing remains permanent for him. The moment when he is at home, he gets worried about the day he has to leave and when he returns to Delhi, he is again lost in the memories of home. Lost between these two worlds, he spent 25 years of his life in Delhi. He is now feeling that he should return to his village, as his only son become young and married. He was thinking to take care of remaining members of the family as he has lost his wife, father, mother... all one by one, which he could only feel now but can’t live it. And finally he comes back to his village after a long period of 30 Years. He comes with a hope that his own people will give him a warm welcome and he will live rest of his life with peace and real identity. But as soon as he comes to his native place, he started facing the issue of identity loss right from the beginning. His identity is lost and now he is neither a village man nor he remains a Delhiite. He tries his best to establish his lost identity. But one day his only son informed him about his plan to migrate Nasik for a job as there is no work or employment left at their residing place. Ram Swarath Dubey was left without any answer, as it reminds him his young age when his father asked him to migrate to Delhi. Again, the situation is same and nothing has still changed. 
When his son, Jitendar left for Nasik, Ram Swarath Dubey finds that his daughter-in-law stuck to the same condition as his wife used to be in, the loneliness. Ram Swarath Dubey meets a girl Sandhya, who is pass out from a college in Patna and planning to go to Delhi for higher education. Ram Swarath feels that migration is stealing everyone’s identity, and in his own village there are many people that have migrated to different states for the search of bread and butter. Ram Swarath Dubey is deeply hurt by seeing this situation. But he doesn’t lose his hope and still thinks that one day everything will change and people will return to their native place. He takes a decision to send her daughter-in-law to Nasik along with his son because he doesn’t want her to live same life as his wife has lived. Once his son and daughter –in-law left for Nasik, he was again living alone in the village. Now he is feeling the same loneliness again that he was feeling during his long stay in Delhi. But still he has a hope that everything will change and one day his son will return. He is still positive and start believing in government as there is political change in the state. But one night he broke out and became restless where he could see his death and loneliness. He tries his best to find a solution and finally he gets an alternative of his fear and story comes to the climax. The story leaves some questions still un-answered.
Crowd funding.
Crowd funding is a concept which may attract the filmmakers who want to use the culture of philanthropy to make the films without depending on big production houses. This concept has been used by many film directors who want to satisfy their desire for art by making films on ideas in their mind. For the first time, Pawan K Shrivastava has brought this concept to Bihar and did this brave task to raise the funds from the people despite of being a debutant in the film industry. He says that no commercial producer would be interested in the loneliness and identity crises that migrants battle every day.
So, Crowd funding helped him to raise funds using various social networking sites and personal contacts. “I would send e-mails about the project to all my contacts and ask each of them to forward it to all theirs. Funds slowly came in and 30 per cent of it from absolute strangers,” says Pawan, the director of Naya Pata.
Publicity material and poster is designed by renowned painter and visual artist Vijendra S Vij
Cast.
Abhishek Sharma
Julie Warsi
Yashwardhan Singh
Madhuri
Shahid Ahmed
Chandra Nisha
Production.
In a crowd funded film, it is a big challenge to arrange the production team which can work with the same dedication as they show for the paid projects. However, the idea of narrating a story through the characters who are suffering from migration menace and identity loss was so impactful that people get motivated to associate with this project. All the actors and production team have supported in the process of filmmaking without charging a penny. It shows that an artist is hungry for great artwork but not only for huge payments.
Saket Saurabh, the DOP of the film and Mrrinal Dev the Chief AD of the film have put their endless efforts to visualize the vision of the director. They arranged the crew for the film from seven states which helped to present the best work from all the great minds.
Songs.
The songs of the film are composed by Rupesh Pathak. The music will be soon released before the screening of the film. Traditional songs have been used with fusion music to give a contemporary feel. You will get a glimpse of different music genre like folk, nirgun and thumri. Some well known extracts written by Bhikhari Thakur and Kabir have been used as lyrics in the film.
Theatrical Release.
Naya Pata is going to release on 27 June 2014 in 12 Major cities of India through PVR Director's Rare. PVR Directors Rare has chosen to release this feature film. PVR Director's rare The film will be released in cities like Delhi, Mumbai, Kolakata, Banagluru, Hyderabad, Bhopal, Patna, Chandigarh, Lucknow, Jaipur, Ahemadabad and Pune. 
Presentor.
Vaartul Films has come forward to support this Crowd Funded films and it has become the Presentor of the Naya Pata, Vickram Shanker of the Vaartul Films has supported the film to bring it to the audience. 
Online Media Partner.
Media Kahabar mediakhabar.coma bilingual news portal has become the Online media partner of the Naya Pata. 

</doc>
<doc id="36719727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719727" title="Everard Digby (disambiguation)">
Everard Digby (disambiguation)

Everard Digby (c.1578–1606) was a plotter in the Gunpowder Plot.
Everard Digby may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36719728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719728" title="Art In Defence Of Humanism">
Art In Defence Of Humanism

Aidoh is an shortening for "Art In Defence Of Humanism". AIDOH was created by the Danish artist Jens Galschiot as a group focusing on the inhuman treatment of people in different countries related to political, religious or economic interests. The group has with several occasions started a public debate about the individual countries overconsumption or governments repressive treatment of its own people.
Manifests.
My inner beast (1993).
Pigs in coats made of 1 ton black concrete. Is named one of the biggest art happenings in Europe. 20 sculptures were placered on public places in Europe without official approval. It took 55 hours to put the "pigs" up, and the happening created a lot of public debate.
The silent death (1995).
In connection with UN's sociale summit in Copenhagen, were there placed 750 dolls, that pictured dead children in the age of 3–9 years. They were placed on street lamps, benches, fountains and other places to symbolizes the 35.000 children's that dies every day in the world.
Pillar of Shame (1997).
Were placed in Hong Kong June 4, 1997. Since it has been placed in many other places in the world where the governments does not respect the human rights. 
The Pillar of Shame is in copper and is 8 meters tall. It consists of more than 50 tangled human bodies in pain. 
The Pillar of Shame is like a Nobel Prize in injustice.
WTO Hong Kong (2005).
Following sculptures were placed in Hong Kong at December 2005:
In the name of God (2006).
In the name of God is a number of art installations, that puts focus on Catholics prohibition against the use of condoms. It consists of a crucified pregnant teenager. It has been exhibited in Denmark, Sweden, Nicaragua and Kenya.

</doc>
<doc id="36719735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719735" title="Patrick Kenny">
Patrick Kenny

Patrick Kenny may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36719741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719741" title="John Paterson (priest)">
John Paterson (priest)

John Thomas Farquhar Paterson (21 December 1938 – 9 September 2005) was an Anglican priest and author.
Paterson was born in Portadown, educated at Portadown College and Trinity College, Dublin. He was ordained in 1963 and his first posts were curacies in Dungannon and Dublin. After this he was successively priest in charge of St Mark's Dublin, and also assistant chaplain of Trinity College, Dublin; Vicar of St Bartholomew with Christ Church, Leeson Park, Dublin; Dean of Kildare (1974–1989); and a lecturer in pastoral liturgy at the Church of Ireland Theological College. He became Dean of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin, in 1989 a post he held for 15 years.

</doc>
<doc id="36719743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719743" title="Martina Grunert">
Martina Grunert

Martina Grunert (born 17 May 1949 in Leipzig) is a retired German swimmer who participated in the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics. As a part of the 4×100m freestyle relay team she was sixth in 1964 and won a silver medal in 1968. Her best individual achievement was fifth place in 100m freestyle in 1968. She also won two gold medals in the European Aquatics Championships: 100m freestyle (1966) and 200m medley (1970).

</doc>
<doc id="36719744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719744" title="John Newbold (disambiguation)">
John Newbold (disambiguation)

John Newbold was a road racer.
John Newbold may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36719771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719771" title="Karuvannur River">
Karuvannur River

The Karuvannur River or "Karuvannur Puzha" has its origins at Pumalai Hills in Chimmony Wildlife sanctuary of Thrissur District. The Karuvannur River is formed by the confluence of two rivers, Manali River and Kurumali River. The river flows west and splits in two, one falling in Enamakkal Lake in Thrissur District and the other one into Periyar river. The river is 48 kilometres in length, drains an area of 1,054 sqkm and gives drinking water to many Panchayats in Thrissur District.The river divides the Thrissur Kole Wetlands into two regions, an area of 8,072 hectares in the north is termed as North Kole, and an area of 2,115 hectares in the south is known as South Kole.

</doc>
<doc id="36719786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719786" title="Chandrakant Raghunath Patil">
Chandrakant Raghunath Patil

Chandrakant Raghunath Patil is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Navsari constituency of Gujarat and is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party political party.
Education & background.
Patil was born in Jalgaon, Maharashtra. He received post-school technical training at ITI, Surat. Before joining politics in 1989, he was an Agriculturist & Businessperson.

</doc>
<doc id="36719789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719789" title="Rizzo &amp; Rizzo Shoes Ltd. (Re)">
Rizzo &amp; Rizzo Shoes Ltd. (Re)

Rizzo & Rizzo Shoes Ltd. (Re) is a 1998 judgment from the Supreme Court of Canada regarding the priority of employees interests when a company declares bankruptcy. The judgment hinged on the interpretation of the Employment Standards Act and has been taken to mark the Supreme Court of Canada's adoption of the purposive approach to legislative interpretation. It has since been frequently cited in subsequent decisions of Canadian courts, nearly every time legislation is interpreted.
Background.
Rizzo & Rizzo Shoes Ltd. filed for bankruptcy; employees subsequently lost their jobs. The company paid all wages, salaries, commissions, and vacation pay through termination. The Ministry of Labour for the Province of Ontario audited the company to ensure that no further payments were owed to former employees under the Employment Standards Act (ESA). Proof of claim was submitted to a trustee, who subsequently disallowed the claim. According to the trustee, a company's bankruptcy does not constitute dismissal from employment; thus, the former employees of Rizzo & Rizzo Shoes gained no positive right to severance, termination or vacation pay under the ESA. 
The case went before the Ontario Court (General Division) where the judge agreed with the Ministry of Labour and allowed the former employees to be paid. However, the Ontario Court of Appeal overturned the ruling and restored the Trustee's decision. The Ministry sought leave to appeal from the Court of Appeal judgment but discontinued its application. Following the discontinuance of the appeal, the Trustee paid a dividend to Rizzo's creditors, thereby leaving significantly less funds in the estate. Subsequently, the appellants, five former employees of Rizzo, moved to set aside the discontinuance, add themselves as parties to the proceedings, and requested and were granted an order granting them leave to appeal.
Ruling.
In the unanimous decision, the Supreme Court allowed the employees' appeal holding that they were entitled to the payments. While the plain language of the Act seemed to suggest that termination pay and severance pay were payable only when the employer terminates the employment, the Court held that the words of an Act must be read in their entire context and in their grammatical and ordinary sense harmoniously with the scheme of the Act, the object of the Act, and the intention of Parliament.
Iacobucci J. wrote:
Elmer Driedger in Construction of Statutes (2nd ed. 1983) best encapsulates the approach upon which I prefer to rely. He recognizes that statutory interpretation cannot be founded on the wording of the legislation alone. At p. 87 he states
"Today there is only one principle or approach, namely, the words of an Act are to be read in their entire context and in their grammatical and ordinary sense harmoniously with the scheme of the Act, the object of the Act, and the intention of Parliament."
The Court of Appeal had failed to read the language of the Act in this broad manner the Supreme Court held. It noted that the purpose of the termination and severance pay provisions were to protect employees, to recognize their service and investment in the employer's enterprise and to cushion them against the adverse effects of economic dislocation. To hold that (more junior) employees terminated prior to bankruptcy would be entitled to termination and severance pay while (more senior) employees terminated upon bankruptcy would not would be absurd, the Court held:
The Court also held that the legislative history of the termination and severance pay provisions and the other provisions in the ESA supported an interpretation that such benefits were payable to employees whose employment is terminated upon bankruptcy. The Court also ordered the Ministry of Labour to pay the employees' costs, since it had not provided the Court with any evidence as to the effort it made to notify or secure the consent of the Rizzo employees before it discontinued its application for leave to appeal to this Court on their behalf.

</doc>
<doc id="36719790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719790" title="Loris Brogno">
Loris Brogno

Loris Brogno (born 18 September 1992) is a Belgian professional footballer who currently plays for Mons as a forward.
Brogno started his professional career with Charleroi and played his first official match in the Belgian Pro League on 23 March 2011, when he replaced Massimo Bruno after 57 minutes in a 0-3 loss to Cercle Brugge. That year, Charleroi relegated to the Belgian Second Division and Brogno only seldom played any matches. As a result, he chose to move to newly promoted Oud-Heverlee Leuven during the 2011–12 winter transfer window, where his uncle Toni Brogno had also played before. As soon as OH Leuven was clear of relegation, Loris got some playing chances, even scoring his first goal on 21 March 2012 in a 3-1 home win against Sint-Truiden. During the 2012–13 season, Brogno appeared in 8 matches for OH Leuven, but to allow the youngster to get more playing time, Brogno was loaned out to Lommel United for the following season. After this season his contract with OH Leuven ended, allowing him to move to Mons.

</doc>
<doc id="36719791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719791" title="Gods in Color">
Gods in Color

Gods in Color (original title in German: "Bunte Götter – Die Farbigkeit antiker Skulptur", "painted gods - the polychromy of ancient sculpture") is a travelling exhibition of varying format and extent that has been shown in multiple cities worldwide. Its subject is , i.e. the original, brightly painted, appearance of ancient sculpture and architecture.
Concept.
The exhibition is based on the result of research on ancient polychromy, conducted especially by the Classical archaeologist Vinzenz Brinkmann since the early 1980s, based on earlier works by Volkmar von Graeve. Working together with Raimund Wünsche, the director of the Glyptothek at Munich, Brinkmann developed the concept for the exhibition, culminating in the original Munich show in 2003. It displayed copies of ancient sculpture in their recostructed painted appearance that had been produced during his studies, as well as new reconstructions created especially for the exhibition, in conjunction with the originals or comparable ancient sculptures. Soon, it began to travel to other cities in Germany and beyond.
Since 2007, the exhibition and underlying research receive support from a foundation created by the government of Bavaria, as well as private donations. After the original German catalogue produced for the 2003 Munich exhibition, new editions were issued for later showings, most recently for the 2010 one in Berlin. An English catalogue was published for the 2008 showing in the Arthur M. Sackler Museum at Harvard University. In 2007 the Colored Gods formed part of the exhibition "Color of Life – Polychromy in Sculpture from Antiquity to the Present" at the Getty Villa in Los Angeles, with contributions in the respective catalogue.
Dates.
So far, the exhibit has been shown in the following locations :
Catalogues.
"In German:"
"In English:"

</doc>
<doc id="36719793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719793" title="Changalikodan">
Changalikodan

Changalikodan is a banana variety originated and cultivated in Chengazhikodu village of Thrissur District in Kerala state of India. Changalikodan are cultivated on the banks of the Bharathapuzha river. It is grown in Erumapetty, Wadakkancherry, Mundoor, Kaiparambu, Desamangalam and Thayyur of Thrissur District. It is the "Kaazhchakula" to the presiding deity of the Guruvayur Temple "Sree Krishna Temple". The average bunch bears 20 to 25 fruits per hand. Changalikodan is on the way to get Geographical indication from the Indian Patent Office.
Cultivation.
The Changalikodan is planted in the month of October and are grown organically which gives its unusual yellow colour and texture. More use of the organic fertilizers can affect the appearance of banana bunches. Individual attention, special care and monitoring of every stage are needed for this banana variety. Green leaf manure, ash and cow dung are used to supplement the growth. Traditional farmers cover the banana bunches with old banana leaves so that it can get the colour.

</doc>
<doc id="36719794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719794" title="Prasanta Kumar Majumdar">
Prasanta Kumar Majumdar

Prasanta Kumar Majumdar(born 1 January 1941) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Revolutionary Socialist Party. He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Balurghat West Bengal in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36719808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719808" title="2011–12 Ystalyfera RFC season">
2011–12 Ystalyfera RFC season

Having finished the season before with the glory of winning the West Wales Bowl for the first time, expectancy was high at the start of the new 2011-12 season for Ystalyfera Rugby Football Club.
Unfortunately a lethargic performance away to Vardre coupled with a disappointing loss to Pencoed in the second away fixture, left a feeling of ‘something missed’ which in the end did prove somewhat true. At the end of the season these two defeats would turn out to be the only losses to sides that finished below Ystalyfera in the League. Much disruption throughout the season was caused by the Wales campaign in the World Cup Tournament, resulting in longer ‘gaps’ between games.
Nevertheless Ystalyfera did re-gain their form and very good performances in October saw an away victory at Seven Sisters and a close run thing at Maesteg Quins, who were defending an undefeated home record lasting over two years and who would eventually complete the league season winning every game played.
The home game against Taibach in November was lost by a single point and was an encounter which could have gone either way between sides of equal strength and ability. At the end of year/new year turnover Ystalyfera found their true capability, finishing impressive victories over Mumbles and Bryncoch, revenge defeats of Vardre and Pencoed, plus a Welsh Plate away win at struggling Aberavon Green Stars. This lifted the side to a 3rd placed promotion spot and raised confidence within the squad. A high quality 3rd Round defeat against our now familiar opponents Glynneath was followed by commanding victories against Brynamman and the luckless Aberavon Green Stars away – this our best ever win away in the National League to date (0-68).
After the Welsh ‘Grand Slam’ during March, the ‘Fera then lost three consecutive games to the sides who would finish in the top three promotion spots in the league. Maesteg Quins would be relieved however, to know they would not have to visit the Upper Swansea Valley for at least another season after another ‘feisty’ match between the sides.
Ystalyfera completed the League season at home to Aberavon Green Stars with what turned out to be an all-time record victory for the Club. A score of 114 – 8 saw an accumulation of a record 18 Trys, most players to score (11) – this equal to the number of players to score in the away game versus the same side, and the most points scored in a single game achieved by Damian James (38), Damian also getting a record 9 conversions as well. As the National League would re-structure to add the new Championship Division no sides were relegated so the Green Stars would become opponents for the next season as well. 
The last fixture was the final of the Swansea Valley Cup which Ystalyfera won for the second time in their history, a 38-22 victory over Alltwen at Trebanos.
Player achievements;
Out of 39 who took part were appearances in every game (24) by prop Jonathan Williams, Lock Jesse Patton, Back Row Steffan Jones and Scrum Half/Full Back Phillip Thomas. Phillip also scored the most Trys (16) this being his personal best.
Dane Clancy amassed a total of 146 points with a personal best 20 penalties and 28 conversions. Damian James increased the Club record trys scored by a single player total to 144 and the Club record points total to 1,609 points. 
4 players in the current squad have to date made over 300 appearances for the team, 15 players with over 100 appearances and 17 who have scored over 10 trys for the side so far.
Merits given were;
Coaches players:
 Backs: Craig Watkins Forwards: Steffan Jones.
Clubman award Damian James.
Most Improved Player Ieuan Hopkins
Most Promising Gareth Jones
Club (Committee) Player of the Year Ashley Carter
Supporters Player of the Year Steffan Jones (28% of the vote)
Players Player of the Year Ashley Carter (21% of the vote)

</doc>
<doc id="36719819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719819" title="Chandrakant Patil">
Chandrakant Patil

Chandrakant Patil (born July 1, 1921 at Gore-Gaon, Hingoli Taluk, then Parbhani District) was 7th Lok Sabha member from Hingolias Janata Party Candidate.
He was son of Shri Ramkrishan Patil and educated at Ganesh High School, Indore up to matric. He was married to Smt. Malti Patil, 1940 and had 2 sons and 2 daughters.
He was Agriculturist by profession and a social worker. He was previously associated with Socialist Party. He was Chairman of Panchayat Samiti during 1972—77. He was Member of Maharashtra Legislative Assembly during 1967—72.

</doc>
<doc id="36719861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719861" title="Roy Howat">
Roy Howat

Roy Howat is a Scottish pianist and musicologist who specializes in French music. A graduate of King's College, Cambridge, and student of Vlado Perlemuter in Paris, Roy Howat has been Keyboard Research Fellow at the Royal Academy of Music in London since 2003, and Research Fellow at the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland since 2013.
Publications.
He is one of the founding editors, with Pierre Boulez, François Lesure and others, of the Paris-based Complete Debussy Edition ("Œuvres Complètes de Claude Debussy"), for which he has edited much of the piano music. His other publications include the books, "Debussy in Proportion" and "The Art of French piano music", Urtext volumes of Chabrier and Fauré, an English edition of Jean-Jacques Eigeldinger's "Chopin, Pianist and Teacher", and chapters in numerous other books on Schubert, Chopin, Debussy, Ravel, Bartók and others.
Performances.
His recordings include major piano and chamber works by composers including Debussy, Chabrier, Fauré and Pierné. In 2001 he toured in Egypt as both pianist and violist with the Sarastro Ensemble. More recent performances include those with the Panocha Quartet in Japan, the Czech Republic and the UK (including the Wigmore Hall).

</doc>
<doc id="36719874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719874" title="Chesquerque">
Chesquerque

Chesquerque is a chess variant invented by George R. Dekle, Sr. in 1986. The game is played on a board equaling four Alquerque boards combined, and like Alquerque, pieces move along marked lines (9×9) to the points of intersection (81 points). All the standard chess pieces are present, plus one additional pawn and one archbishop fairy piece per side. The pieces move in ways specially adapted to the Alquerque-gridded board.
Chesquerque was included in "World Game Review" No. 10 edited by Michael Keller.
Game rules.
The illustration shows the starting setup. White moves first and the object is checkmate. Other standard chess conventions apply as well, but piece moves are specially adapted to the Alquerque-gridded board. Pieces move only along marked lines, and rest on the points of intersection.
References.
Notes
Citations
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="36719897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719897" title="Anouk Raes">
Anouk Raes

Anouk Raes (born 30 December 1988) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719899" title="Lieselotte van Lindt">
Lieselotte van Lindt

Lieselotte van Lindt (born 10 May 1989) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719906" title="Lola Danhaive">
Lola Danhaive

Lola Danhaive (born 4 October 1982) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719910" title="Van der Jagt">
Van der Jagt

van der Jagt, Vander Jagt or Vanderjagt is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36719912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719912" title="Erica Coppey">
Erica Coppey

Erica Coppey (born 8 September 1991) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719917" title="Nripendra Nath Roy">
Nripendra Nath Roy

Nripendra Nath Roy(born 21 March 1959) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Forward Bloc. He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Cooch Behar constituency of West Bengal in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="36719919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719919" title="Gaëlle Valcke">
Gaëlle Valcke

Gaelle Valcke (born 20 February 1986) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719927" title="Echegaray">
Echegaray

Echegaray is the name of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="36719928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719928" title="Louise Cavenaile">
Louise Cavenaile

Louise Cavenaile (born 17 February 1989) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament. She has played with the Belgium women's national field hockey team since 2004, when she was 16. 
Louise Cavenaile won the Gold Stick for being the best young player ("stick d'or espoir") of the season 2004-2005.
Louise is playing for KHC Dragons as a defender in the Honour League of the Belgian Championship. She has the number 4.

</doc>
<doc id="36719933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719933" title="Emilie Sinia">
Emilie Sinia

Emilie Sinia (born 3 May 1985) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719938" title="Charlotte de Vos">
Charlotte de Vos

Charlotte de Vos (born 8 October 1983) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719944" title="Anne-Sophie van Regemortel">
Anne-Sophie van Regemortel

Anne-Sophie van Regemortel (born 13 November 1984) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719949" title="Barbara Nelen">
Barbara Nelen

Barbara Nelen (born 20 August 1991) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719953" title="Jill Boon">
Jill Boon

Jill Boon (born 13 March 1987) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.
Her brother is Tom Boon.

</doc>
<doc id="36719957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719957" title="Van der Lans">
Van der Lans

van der Lans or VanderLans is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36719959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719959" title="Judith Vandermeiren">
Judith Vandermeiren

Judith Vandermeiren (born 10 August 1994) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719962" title="Hélène Delmée">
Hélène Delmée

Helene Delmee (born 16 May 1987) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719966" title="Stephanie de Groof">
Stephanie de Groof

Stephanie de Groof (born 29 May 1991) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719975" title="Aisling D'Hooghe">
Aisling D'Hooghe

Aisling D'Hooghe (born 25 August 1994) is a Belgian field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics she competed with the Belgium women's national field hockey team in the women's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36719987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719987" title="Fahd bin Sultan University">
Fahd bin Sultan University

Fahd bin Sultan University (FBSU) is one of the private universities and the first private university using English as a medium of instruction in Saudi Arabia.
History and profile.
FBSU was established in Tabuk as a private college in 2003 under the patronage of Prince Fahd bin Sultan, governor of Tabuk Province. At the initial phase, it included only College of Computing. In the academic year 2007-2008, a branch for female students was added, and the college was opened by late Sultan bin Abdulaziz. One year later, two colleges were added; the College of Engineering and of Business and Management. Therefore, the university is made up of three colleges, all focusing on technical fields. It provides undergraduate and postgraduates programs.
The campus of the university is 10 km away from Tabuk. In October 2011, it gained the status of university. It is accredited by ABET.
Governance.
The university is governed by a board of trustees chaired by Prince Fahd. Ahmed Nasri is the president of the University.
Partnership.
FBSU is in close relationship with American University of Beirut that provides technical and consultative support. The collaboration between two institutions began in 2006. In April 2013, FBSU joined the SAP University Alliance Program, being the eleventh Saudi university that is part of the program.

</doc>
<doc id="36719992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719992" title="Martin Garlieb Amsinck">
Martin Garlieb Amsinck

Martin Garlieb Amsinck (born 23 September 1831 in Hamburg, died 10 April 1905 in Hamburg) was a German shipbuilder and ship-owner. He was one of the major ship-owners of Hamburg. He was a member of Hanseatic Amsinck family and the son of Johannes Amsinck and Emilie Gossler. Unlike his four brothers, he did not join the family company, but started his own shipbuilding company.

</doc>
<doc id="36719995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36719995" title="2012 Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec">
2012 Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec

The 2012 Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec was the third edition of the Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec, a single-day professional bicycle road race. It was held on 7 September 2012, over a distance of , starting and finishing in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. It was the 25th event of the 2012 UCI World Tour season. The race is one of the only two events which are part of the World Tour calendar in North America, the other one being the Grand Prix Cycliste de Montreal contested two days later.
In a two-up sprint finish, Australian national champion Simon Gerrans of the team won the race, after following an attack by 's Greg Van Avermaet in the closing stages of the race, with the two riders working together to get clear and Gerrans prevailed on the uphill finish on the "Grande-Allée". Van Avermaet was second, while the peloton was led home by the 2011 Grand Prix Cycliste de Montreal winner Rui Costa (), four seconds in arrears.
Course.
The race consisted of 16 laps of a circuit in length, with exactly the same course as the 2011 edition. The circuit was well-suited for climbers and puncheurs, since the finish was situated on an uphill climb, located on the "Grande-Allée" street, in the heart of Old Québec and the course featured steep climbs. The final stretch was a wide, straight line with a regular 4% gradient. The total vertical climb of the race was . The major difficulties were:
It is worth noting that the Côte Gilmour descent included a technical passage, 2 successive left bends of 90 degrees each, the first of which was negotiated while the descending slope had a gradient of more than 10%. After the last of the two bends, the riders were rolling on the Boulevard Champlain on the Saint Lawrence River's shores for which were exposed to the wind.
Teams.
As the Grand Prix Cycliste de Québec was a UCI World Tour event, all 18 UCI ProTeams were invited automatically and obligated to send a squad. There were also three wildcard invitations, which were UCI Professional Continental teams: two French squads ( and ) and a Canadian one (). A Canadian national squad also competed in the race, and as such, formed the event's 22-team peloton.
The 22 teams that competed in the race were:
Race summary.
The start was given by the mayor of Quebec City, Régis Labeaume, and the former French Prime Minister Alain Juppé. During the second lap of the 16 laps race, eight men went clear of the peloton, they were soon joined by a sizable number of riders and were brought back into the race. On lap 4, another escape group formed, initiated by Thomas Rohregger (), who was chased by Vladimir Gusev (), both men had been part of an earlier breakaway. The group ballooned to eight riders when the chasing group made contact, and the escapees sailed to a maximum lead of 6' 10". With six laps remaining, and took the lead of the bunch and worked to bring the dangerous break back, which they ultimately did with only two laps to go, on the steep Côte de la Montagne. 
Soon thereafter, 's Chris Anker Sørensen and Canadian national team member Bruno Langlois tried their luck and built a small 20 seconds gap by the start of the penultimate lap. Langlois was ultimately dropped and replaced by Dries Devenyns () near the finish line as the bell sounded the last lap. The pair held on, but was caught on the Boulevard Champlain with to go. Greg Van Avermaet () attacked in the Côte de la Montagne, soon followed by Simon Gerrans (). 's Peter Sagan made a move in a bid to catch the two men, but fell short after approaching to of the duet and was swallowed by the charging bunch in the final kilometer. While the surging chase group was on their heels, Gerrans out sprinted the Belgian Van Avermaet to take the victory. Rui Costa of was the faster man of the chase group and took third place.
Quebecer François Parisien of survived a fall in the first lap of the race to finish in tenth position, the best placed Canadian of the race only 4 seconds in arrears of Gerrans, while Bruno Langlois won the King of the Mountains classification and took 30th place overall. Pre-race favorite Ryder Hesjedal had a difficult day, finishing with a 5' 18" deficit. Gerrans stated after the race: "This is some of the hardest racing on the calendar. It's fantastic racing in Québec on an exciting circuit with great crowds and great ambience."

</doc>
<doc id="36720002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720002" title="President of the Polytechnic University of the Philippines">
President of the Polytechnic University of the Philippines

The President of the Polytechnic University of the Philippines is the principal executive officer of the Polytechnic University of the Philippines (PUP). The President oversees the policy implementation, guide the institution towards the realization of its vision-mission, as well as monitor and administer the overall affairs of the university, including its three major functions - instruction, research and community extension services.

</doc>
<doc id="36720003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720003" title="Buxolestes minor">
Buxolestes minor

Buxolestes minor is an extinct species of semi-aquatic, placental mammals belonging to the family Pantolestidae, part in the first placental evolutionary radiation during the Middle Eocene (50-40 mya).
Description.
This otter-like mammals are the smallest in the genus "Buxolestes"; they are very smaller than most living species of otters, reaching a length of about 30 centimeters. They were fish predators and fossilized stomach contents confirm their semiaquatic habits. The anatomy of these archaic "insectivorous" mammals is known through well-preserved Middle Eocene specimens found at Messel in Germany. 
The structure of the neck and lumbar vertebrae as well the vertebrae at the base of the tail evidence a clear adaptation to an active semiaquatic way of life and to a carnivore diet. The forelimbs and hindlimbs are powerful and show strong claws. The tail is clearly fit for swimming. The skull is long, with large molars which appear to be adapted to a diet of molluscs with shells (freshwater clams and freshwater snails), but the prediliction postulated by the teeth has not been confirmed. Some authors have interpreted the limb morphology of this species as belonging to a semi-fossorial omnivorous animal, lacking aquatic specialization.
These animals probably were very similar and had similar habits to the common European otters ("Lutra lutra") and oriental small-clawed otters ("Aonyx cinerea").

</doc>
<doc id="36720011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720011" title="Pascal Kina">
Pascal Kina

Pascal Kina is a Belgian field hockey coach. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he coached the Belgium women's national field hockey team.

</doc>
<doc id="36720019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720019" title="Des Harman">
Des Harman

Robert Desmond "Des" Harman (20 June 1941 – 18 December 2007) was Dean of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin from 2004 until 2007.
Harman was educated at Sligo Grammar School and Trinity College, Dublin. He was ordained in 1967 and his first post was as a curate in Taney Parish. After this he was successively Rector of Santry then Milltown before becoming dean.

</doc>
<doc id="36720021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720021" title="Ministry of Infrastructure (Ontario)">
Ministry of Infrastructure (Ontario)

The Ministry of Infrastructure (Ministry of Public Infrastructure Renewal 2005—2008) is responsible for public infrastructure in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is not only responsible for funding individual capital projects, but for drafting the capital budget in place of the Ministry of Finance. The ministry was previously known under the title of Superbuild. It is currently responsible for two crown agencies: Waterfront Toronto and Infrastructure Ontario (which was merged with the Ontario Realty Corporation in 2011).
In July 2005, the ministry was granted control over the Liquor Control Board of Ontario and other provincial crown corporations. It was speculated that the move indicated the upcoming privatization of the LCBO, but no such event has occurred. The basis for the assumption rested on the belief by some that Superbuild and the Ministry of Public Infrastructure Renewal played a pivotal role in establishing private–public partnerships in Ontario.
From 2003 to 2007 the Ministry was responsible for the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation, but it is now under the Ministry of Finance (Ontario).
The ministry was merged with the Ministry of Energy in June 2008, creating the Ministry of Energy and Infrastructure; the ministries were re-split in 2010. The current minister is Glen Murray.

</doc>
<doc id="36720023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720023" title="Akira (actor)">
Akira (actor)

, known by the stage name Akira, is a Japanese dancer and actor.
Biography.
Akira was born in Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan. He moved to Iwata, Shizuoka at the age of three.
Akira started dancing at the age of 16, at dance club events around the Shizuoka area. He then moved to Tokyo and went on to found the talent agency Makidai & USA. In December 2004, he debuted as a performer in "Rather Unique". In June 2006, he joined the group Exile as a performer.
He began working as an actor in March 2006, appearing in the "No.1 Attack" stage troupe Gumi Honan. Since then, he has acted in a number of TV dramas in Japan, including the 2012 remake of the "Great Teacher Onizuka" series, which has been broadcast on Fuji TV since July 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36720027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720027" title="Rock and Roller Queens">
Rock and Roller Queens

The Rock and Roller Queens (RRQ) is a roller derby league based in Bogotá, Colombia. Founded in 2009, the league consists of a single team, which competes against teams from other leagues.
The league was founded in December 2009 by María Paola Hernandez, a local graphic designer with experience of roller skating, after she saw the movie "Whip It". By late 2011, the league was one of about ten in the country, and the sport was recognised by Colombian Sports Federation.
The league won the first roller derby tournament in Colombia, which was contested by eight teams, in June 2012. In July, it was accepted as the first member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association Apprentice Programme from South America, and it became a full member of the WFTDA in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="36720037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720037" title="Van der Mark">
Van der Mark

van der Mark or Vandermark is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36720046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720046" title="RRQ">
RRQ

RRQ can stand for:

</doc>
<doc id="36720047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720047" title="Pipilo naufragus">
Pipilo naufragus

Pipilo naufragus (Bermuda towhee) is an extinct passerine of the towhee genus confined to Bermuda. It was a large member of the genus and closely related to the Eastern towhee. The scientific description was in 2012 based on Pleistocene and Holocene remains from Quaternary cave deposits. 38 bones from at least 5 individuals are known.
An old travel report by William Strachey who was shipwrecked on Bermuda from 1609 to 1610 might refer to that species. He wrote in 1625: 

</doc>
<doc id="36720055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720055" title="Russell M. Little">
Russell M. Little

Russell M. Little (December 28, 1809 in Peru, Berkshire County, Massachusetts – December 11, 1891 in Glens Falls, Warren County, New York) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
He was a minister of the Methodist Episcopal Church, and took up his patoral duties in 1831 at Columbiaville, in Columbia County, New York. In August 1832, he married Nancy Blair, and they had several children. In 1842, due to pulmonary disease, he abandoned the ministry, and became instead Secretary of the Dividend Mutual Insurance Company at Glens Falls.
He was a member of the New York State Senate (16th D.) in 1862 and 1863.
He was President of the Glens Falls Insurance Company from 1864 until his death, and lived in the Russell M. Little House.

</doc>
<doc id="36720064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720064" title="Vandernotte">
Vandernotte

Vandernotte is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36720072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720072" title="Confederação Nacional dos Trabalhadores de Angola">
Confederação Nacional dos Trabalhadores de Angola

Confederação Nacional dos Trabalhadores de Angola ('National Confederation of the Workers of Angola', abbreviated CNTA) was an Angolan trade union organization. CNTA was founded by Mauricio Luvualu in Luanda in 1974. Luvualu had been a leader of the "União Geral dos Trabalhadores de Angola", but was handed over by the Kinshasa government to the Portuguese in 1971 and sentenced to forced labour. Upon his release in 1974 he received a financial compensation, and with these funds he set up CNTA. For a brief period until MPLA monopolized trade union activities under UNTA, CNTA was the main labour organization inside the country. CNTA organized a series of strikes demanding higher salaries and improved terms of employment. The organization protested against the proposal to install a single trade union centre in the country, charging it as being a plot hatched by the Portuguese government.
At a congress held April 24–25, 1975 CNTA merged with the UNITA-aligned UGTA, forming the "Sindicato Angolano dos Camponeses e Operários". The International Confederation of Free Trade Unions was represented at the event.

</doc>
<doc id="36720091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720091" title="Selysina">
Selysina

Selysina is a genus in the phylum Apicomplexa.
History.
This genus was created by Duboscq in 1917.
Taxonomy.
There are three species recognised in this genus.

</doc>
<doc id="36720094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720094" title="Swarg Jaisaa Ghar">
Swarg Jaisaa Ghar

Swarg Jaisaa Ghar is a 1991 family based film directed by Swaroop Kumar and produced by Mehmood Nazir.
Soundtrack.
Lyrics by Majrooh Sultanpuri & Music by Bappi Lahiri.

</doc>
<doc id="36720097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720097" title="Sher Singh Ghubaya">
Sher Singh Ghubaya

Sher Singh Ghubaya (born 10 June 1962) is a member of the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India . He was elected to the Ferozepur constituency of Punjab in 2009. He is a member of the Shiromani Akali Dal.

</doc>
<doc id="36720098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720098" title="Nicholas Montgomery">
Nicholas Montgomery

Nicholas Montgomery may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36720106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720106" title="Korken Yenkibarian">
Korken Yenkibarian

Korken Yenkibarian is a Lebanon football Midfielder who played for Lebanon in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Homenmen and Tadamon Sour

</doc>
<doc id="36720114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720114" title="Burelle">
Burelle

Burelle is a French holding company headquartered in Paris. Its most important subsidiary is Plastic Omnium.
History.
Burelle was founded in 1957 by Pierre Burelle and his family, as a frame for its growing business. In 1987, it went public and was listed on the Bourse de Lyon.
Subsidiaries.
Plastic Omnium.
Burelle controls a 55.1 percent stake in Plastic Omnium, making it the largest shareholder. Plastic Omnium is a plastic processing company engaged in the manufacture of vehicle components and elements for waste management.
Sofiparc.
Sofiparc is a French company that provides asset management services and owns property for rental and construction. As of 2010, the company had 13132 m2 in offices and 270 parking lots. It was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Lyon.
Burelle Participations.
Burelle Participations is a French private equity company. It focuses on giving money to help launch new businesses and in leveraged buyout. The company centers its investments in medium-sized French companies. It considers investments in all sectors except the automotive. It invests between 1 and 5 million euros per transaction in the majority of financing rounds in companies with revenues between 10 and 200 million euros. Burelle Participations was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Paris.
Ownership structure.
At the end of 2011, the Burelle family held a 77.85 percent stake in Burelle. This control was exercised directly and also indirectly, through the shareholders Sogec 2 and Compagnie Financière de la Cascade, with a 35.37 and 21.49 percent stake respectively. The Burelles controlled 90.25 percent of voting rights. 16.62 percent of the shares were public.

</doc>
<doc id="36720123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720123" title="Dermot Dunne">
Dermot Dunne

Dermot Patrick Martin Dunne is the current Dean of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin.
Formerly a Roman Catholic priest educated at the Pontifical University, Maynooth, Dunne became an Anglican in 1995 after a period of study at the Church of Ireland Theological College. He became the Dean’s Vicar of Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin; Rector of Crosspatrick, Precentor at Ferns Cathedral and Archdeacon of Ferns before becoming dean. The theft of the remains of Dublin's patron saint, St Lawrence O' Toole, from the cathedral took place during the current dean's incumbency.

</doc>
<doc id="36720133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720133" title="Mohill GAA">
Mohill GAA

Mohill GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association gaelic football Club in Mohill, County Leitrim, Ireland.
The parish of Mohill currently has two GAA Football Clubs, Mohill who play in Division 1 and the Senior Championship and Eslin who play in Division 3 and the Intermediate Championship. The Mohill Club also fields teams in Divisions 2 and Intermediate Championship and Division 5 and Junior C Championship. Both Clubs have won Senior Titles in the past and in fact Mohill Faugh-an-Bealaghs won the first ever Leitrim Senior Championship in 1890, defeating Ballinamore in the final. Ironically Eslin won their first title the following year by defeating Mohill in the Final. Eslin won the last of their 3 Titles in 1917 but have won several Junior Championships in the meantime. Mohill won their last Senior Title in 2006 defeating St. Marys Kiltoghert by one point in a game which saw them complete a dramatic comeback winning on a scoreline of 0-13 to 1-9.
History.
Mohill have won the Senior Championship five times. The years being 1890, 1914, 1929, 1971 and 2006. 2006 was our first Senior title in 35 years but amazingly was also our first time to contest a final since 1974. Many years of getting knocked out at the later stages including two Semi Finals in 1988 and 1989 was all forgotten about in October 2006 when we completed a five point comeback with six minutes remaining to win by a point. In December 2006 we completed a historic year for the Club winning the Division 1 League for the first time in the Clubs history defeating Aughawillan on a cold Decembers afternoon in Ballinamore. Both Mohill and Aughawillan had contested the Division 2 League Final of 2005 also with us taking the spoils. Like every team, the heartbreak of Senior relegation occurred on a few occasions. In 1978 our first team won the Junior A League and Championship only seven years after claiming the Senior Championship. Our second and third teams have also tasted success winning the Junior B Championship in 1997 and the Junior C Championship in 2003. In recent years our second team have been unlucky not to be promoted to Division 2 and Intermediate Championship before 2013 after losing the Junior A Championship in 2011 and finishing just outside the top two in Division 3 on numerous occasions. In 2013, we contested our first Senior Championship Final since 2006 but lost to St Marys Kiltoghert 2-14 to 2-8. A week later we contested the Junior A Championship Final for the second time in three years. We defeated St Marys on a scoreline of 2-12 to 1-8 winning our first Junior A Championship in 35 years. This win brought to a conclusion a week in which we won the Junior A and Minor A Championship and lost the Senior Championship Final.
Mohill and Eslin amalgamate for Minor and U21 under the name St Manchans, named after the patron saint of the parish. St Manchans first amalgamated in 1975 and first tasted success in 1976, winning the Minor League. Manchans went on to win the Minor Championship in 1983 and 1986 before the amalgamation resolved until 2008 when it was revived once again. Since 2008, St Manchans have contested five Minor League Finals in 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 winning three in a row since 2011. They have also contested in two Minor Championship Finals in 2012 and 2013, losing in 2012 in a replay to Gortletteragh/Fenagh, but defeating Ballinamore/Sean O'Heslins in the 2013 final. St Manchans U21's have also been successful in recent years winning the Championship in 2010 and contesting the Final in 2012 losing after extra time to Glencar/Manorhamilton. On the topic of amalgamations Mohill and Gortletteragh have also amalgamated in the past to form Lough Rynn Gaels. They also tasted success in the late 70's winning the U21 Championship in 1977 and 1978 and the Minor Championship in 1979.
Mohill have always been very successful at underage level but have dominated in recent years. On three occasions Mohill have won four-in-a-row Minor Leagues in 1983, 1984, 1985 and 1986 and in 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999 and again in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014. Many of the players who won four Minor Leagues in the 80's also were victorious at U16 level winning four-in-a-row Championships in 1981, 1982, 1983 and 1984. Also the same in the 90's as we won three-in-a-row U16 Leagues in 1995, 1996 and 1997. Since 2000 Mohill have won numerous underage Leagues and Championships including a historic three-in-a-row Minor A Championships in 2003, 2004 and 2005, also winning the League in 2003 and 2004. At U16 level we have had major success in Division 1 in recent years but until 2011, Mohill hadn't won an U16 A Championship since 1997, although winning at lower grades before that. A Division 3 League in 2007 and Division 2 Leagues in 2003 and 2008. In 2014 our U16s retained the League 3 in a row Leagues 2012, 2013 and 2014 and in 2013 they completed the double making it 3 in a row Championships 2011, 2012 and 2013. At U14 level we have also been successful winning the U14 Division 1 League and Championship in 2011 and winning the Division 1 League in 2013 but unfortunately narrowly losing the Championship Final by a point to Fenagh/St Caillins. Before 2010 we competed at a lower grade in U14 winning a Division 4 Championship in 2006 and losing the Division 2 Championship Final in 2007, Division 2 League Finals in 2008 and 2009 and the Division 1 League Final in 2010. At U12 there is no longer competitive League or Championship played after a motion was passed in 2010 but before that we won many U12 titles. In 2004 we won the Division 3 U12 League and retained it in 2005. In 2006 we lost the Division 3 Championship Final but this team, who were playing Division 3 at U12 level went on to contest the Minor A Championship Final in 2012 which shows the huge improvement levels at underage in our club. In 2008 we won the U12 Division 2 League and this turned out to be the last year the U12 League was played. In 2009, our U12s won the A Championship, winning our clubs first U12 Championship since 1993. With the U12 Leagues and Championships done away with after this, there was a blitz basis brought in with Finals to be played at the end of all the rounds. In 2011 our U12s won the Division 1 Shield on this basis. It can be seen from this section that we have been very successful at underage and hopefully this can be carried through to adult football in the future.
Arguably Leitrim and one of Irelands greatest footballers, Packy McGarty was born in Mohill. McGarty had the distinction of playing for his county over 4 decades 1949-73 but his finest hour was in the 1958 Connacht Final despite the heart breaking defeat to Galway. There was in fact at one time 3 Senior teams in the parish as Gorvagh also had a Club. In fact Gorvagh were the kingpins of Leitrim football in the 1920s and were the only team in the County to win 4 titles in a row 1924-28, when they were led by their inspirational captain Jack Bohan, until Glencar/Manor repeated that in 2011 and also Melvin Gaels who were awarded the 1962 Final at a County Board Meeting in recent years. Mohill GAA Club will be celebrating its 125th anniversary in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="36720138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720138" title="Leonard 12X Weir">
Leonard 12X Weir

Leonard 12X Weir (born Leonard E. Weir; February 28, 1931) is an American minister of Islam prominently noted as being the first Black Muslim NYPD officer and Founder of the National Society of Afro-American Policemen.
Weir was born in New York City on February 28, 1931. He was one of ten children. His father, Asa Moss Weir, was a laborer who immigrated to the United States from Jamaica, West Indies. His mother, Rosa May Danielson, was born in Queens, New York.
Weir attended New York City public schools and entered the New York Police Department in February 1959 where he sought to improve work conditions for: Black uniformed officers, and the community at large. He worked as a Special Investigator (Undercover) for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency and as Special Investigator for the Knapp Commission where he investigated corruption in the New York Police Department.
In 1975, he changed his name to Humza Al-Hafeez and retired from the agency in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="36720158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720158" title="Vanderslice">
Vanderslice

Vanderslice is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36720160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720160" title="Brent Bennett">
Brent Bennett

Brent Bennett is a former US Army paratrooper who was convicted by an Afghan court on 15 September 2004 for participating in torture and kidnapping, and for running a private jail in Kabul. Bennett and his associate Jonathan Idema had been operating as independent security contractors in Afghanistan, but had been representing themselves to the American and international media, members of the US military, and Afghan nationals as US government-sponsored covert operatives to track and apprehend Osama Bin Laden and senior Taliban officials. The government has repeatedly denied the validity of their claims.
Bennett and Idema, along with journalist Edward Caraballo were arrested by Afghan police on 5 July 2004, during a raid in which they found eight Afghan men (some hanging from their feet) bound and hooded in detention. On 15 September 2004 a three-judge Afghan panel headed by Judge Abdul Baset Bakhtyari sentenced both Idema and Bennett to a ten year prison term, while Caraballo received eight years. Idema and Bennett's sentences were later cut to five and three respectively. Caraballo claimed he was filming Idema and Bennett for a documentary on counterterrorism. Four Afghans working with Idema were sentenced to between one and five years imprisonment.
The defendants claimed that there had never been any evidence the Afghans were abused. Moreover, Bennett and his family have maintained that he was working through official US channels and was abandoned by US officials after being arrested.
It is not known whether Bennett, as an associate of Idema's, collaborated with Idema in misrepresenting themselves or whether he was led by Idema to believe they were on a US government covert operation. Most of the media attention surrounding the case has been focused on Idema, the apparent leader of the group.
On 30 September 2006, after serving more than two years of his sentence, Bennett was released from prison and flown out Afghanistan. US officials secured Bennett a passport and a ticket out of the country, Bennet apparently then boarded a plane for Dubai.
While in the US Army, he spent time in units in Alaska and North Carolina. He never saw combat. After his discharge, he settled in Fayetteville, North Carolina, and worked in restaurant management.

</doc>
<doc id="36720173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720173" title="José Canova">
José Canova

José Vladimir Canova Hernández (born 30 September 1992) commonly known as José Canova, is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a centre back for Alianza Lima in the Torneo Descentralizado.
Club career.
José Canova began playing for local side "Club Frontera de Pisco" from 2006 to 2009. Then in 2010 he joined Alianza Lima. 
Canova made his league debut in the Torneo Descentralizado in the last round of the 2011 season at home to Sport Boys. He played as a starter at right back and lasted until the 62nd minute in side's 3–0 win over Boys. That was his only game of the 2011 season.
International career.
Canova was called up to play his first match for the Peru national team on 13 August 2012 in an upcoming friendly.

</doc>
<doc id="36720186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720186" title="Sukhdev Singh">
Sukhdev Singh

Sukhdev Singh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36720191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720191" title="Ballyhaise College">
Ballyhaise College

Ballyhaise College is an agricultural college, in Ballyhaise, County Cavan, run by Teagasc, with over 400 students. It was founded in 1906 at the former "Ballyhaise House", the house is over 300 years old, the estate consists of 220 hectares of grassland and woodland.
The college specialises in training students for Forestry and Agricultural Industry. In recent years the college has developed close contacts with Dundalk Institute of Technology(DKIT) allowing students to achieve HETAC validated courses, and progresson to further study.
The entrepreneur Denis O'Donnell from Kerry attended the college as did the TV personality, entrepreneur, and former presidential candidate Seán Gallagher.
Facilities.
The college farm includes 50 hectares of woodland also kept on the farm is a dairy herd, other cattle, sheep and pigs. A large gym is available for various sports, recreational area, and Computer facilities. Some student accommodation is also available.

</doc>
<doc id="36720199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720199" title="Michael Aresco">
Michael Aresco

Michael L. Aresco is an American college sports and television executive. Aresco is the current commissioner of the American Athletic Conference (The American), a college athletics conference. He was the last commissioner of the old Big East Conference from August 14, 2012 to June 30, 2013. He continued as commissioner of The American, the legal successor to the old Big East, when that league formally began operations on July 1, 2013.
Aresco previously served as the Executive Vice President, Programming of CBS Sports.

</doc>
<doc id="36720211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720211" title="Vanderveer">
Vanderveer

Vanderveer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36720219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720219" title="James Cudworth (colonist)">
James Cudworth (colonist)

James Cudworth (c.1612 – c.1682) Per author Eugene Stratton, James Cudworth was one of the most important and interesting men in Plymouth Colony. Over his long life he served as a Deputy to the Plymouth General Court, Assistant Governor, commander of the colony’s militia in King Philip’s War as well as being Deputy Governor. He was also a commissioner to the New England Confederation four times between 1655 and 1681.
English Origins.
James Cudworth was baptized in August 2, 1612, in Aller, Somerset county, England. Per author Douglas Richardson, his father was Rev. Ralph Cudworth, D.D., Fellow of Emmanuel College, Cambridge (d.1624). His mother was Mary Machell, who had been a nurse to Prince Henry, eldest son of King James I. Richardson provides her ancient English ancestry from 12th century nobility and earlier.
Life in Plymouth.
He and his wife Mary immigrated to New England in 1634 and initially settled at Scituate, Massachusetts.
On January 1, 1634/5 he was admitted as a freeman of Plymouth Colony. On January 18, 1634/5 he and his wife Mary joined the Scituate church.
In October 1636 the Plymouth General Court appointed William Brewster, James Cudworth and several other prominent citizens as a special committee which was to join with the governor and Assistants in reviewing all laws, with proposed changes to laws being presented at the next court meeting.
In 1639 he and his family removed to Barnstable but in 1646 returned to Scituate.
The 1643 Able To Bear Arms List cites James Cudworth on the lists of men able to bear arms for two locations - Scituate and Barnstable.
James Cudworth was an Assistant to the Governor in 1656-1658.
On October 6, 1656, Myles Standish, "Mayflower" Military Captain, died. He had appointed his loving friends Mr. Timothy Hatherly and Capt. James Cudworth to be supervisors of his will.
In 1657 James Cudworth was a Commissioner of the United Colonies, which was an alliance of Puritan colonies against the Indians.
On March 2, 1657/58 the General Court noted a petition from “sundry persons from the towne of Scituate” with a complaint against James Cudworth, head of the Scituate military company, for allowing Quakers to frequent his home. Because of this, Cudworth was relieved of his military command, with Lt. James Torrey and Ensign John Williams ordered to command the company in his capacity. In 1657 Cudworth had served as one of Plymouth’s two commissioners at the United Colonies, with the other commissioner being Thomas Prence, who now presided over the court which tried him, having become governor on June 3, 1657.
After losing his military position in 1657/58, James Cudworth was again elected a deputy to represent Scituate, but the court refused to allow him to serve.
He was sent by Scituate as a Deputy to the Plymouth General Court in 1659, but was not approved by the Court. In 1660 he was disenfranchised of his freedom of the Plymouth Colony, being found a “manifest opposer of the laws of government” owing to his support of the quakers. These charges he was accused of in having rendered assistance to, and had congenial relations with, Quakers, pertained to the writing of his thoughts in two letters, one of which he sent to England. Colonial governments were always quite concerned that any prominent person in New England might send a letter of complaint to the government in England and feared involving the English government in colonial affairs.
His problems were mostly due to the fact that in 1658 Cudworth sent a long letter to England, expressing his umbrage and his many complaints, largely regarding his association with Quakers, with whom he did not agree on most issues, but in closing with: "but the Quakers and my self cannot close on divers Things; And so I signified to the Court, I was no Quaker…But withal, I told them, That as I was no Quaker, so I will be no Persecutor". Cudworth went on in his letter to describe to those in England the brutal punishments that the colonial government gave the Quakers and others, for unlawful actions large and small, such as whippings, mutilations and banishments from the Colony on pain of death.
On July 4, 1673 James Cudworth was readmitted to freemanship and on the same day was made magistrate for Scituate and in 1673 he was authorized to solemnize marriages, grant subpeonas for witnesses, and to administer oaths to witnesses.
In December 1673 he was chosen to lead a military expedition against the Dutch. and in 1675 he was chosen to take charge of the Plymouth Colony military forces. That summer Cudworth was a Capt. in charge of one hundred Plymouth men and two hundred Massachusetts (Bay Colony) men.
In December 1675 Plymouth’s governor, Maj. Josiah Winslow, son of Pilgrim leader Edward Winslow, was made commander-in-chief of the United Colonies forces, and planned a campaign of attacks against the Indians during “King Philip‘s War” (1675–1676). James Cudworth, now promoted to the rank of Major, took Edward Winslow’s place as commander of all Plymouth forces; Cudworth was much older now than when he had put in his plea for toleration for the Quakers, and so far in this war he had accomplished very little.
On December 6, 1675, the Plymouth War Council appointed Maj. James Cudworth, Cornet Robert Stetson, and Isaac Chittenden as press masters to obtain enough fit and able Scituate men for an Indian-fighting expedition. The press masters were not the forced press-gang of old but more like a draft board. On December 30, 1675 the council further ordered that any person being pressed into the colony’s service who refused such service would pay a fine, and if he did not have enough financial resources available to pay it, he would be sent to prison for a term not to exceed six months.
Family.
James Cudworth married Mary Parker on February 1, 1633/4 at Northam, Devon, England. Marriage information per parish records in Devon and verified with researcher in UK.
Children of James and Mary Cudworth:
They had five sons: James, Jonathan (1st of name), Israel, (unnamed) and Jonathan (2nd of name), and two daughters, Mary (wife of Robert Whitcomb) and Joanna (wife of _____ Jones).
Will of James Cudworth.
His will was dated September 15, 1681, with an inventory date of June 20, 1682. In his will, Cudworth named his sons James, Israel, and Jonathan; daughter Mary’s four children Israel, Robert, James and Mary Whetcombe; and daughter Joanna Jones. His inventory included almost £8 worth of books. The will also impossibly left two-thirds of his lands to his eldest son James, and one-third each to Israel and Jonathan. This error would probably have been more correctly understood as two-fourths to the oldest and one-fourth each to the others.
Death and burial of James Cudworth and his wife Mary.
James Cudworth is believed to have died in England sometime between September 15, 1681, the date of his will, and the date of inventory, June 20, 1682. The will was proved on July 7, 1682. His death was believed to have been from smallpox and due to practices of the 17th century regarding the burial of smallpox victims, his body may have been disposed of rather than having been formally buried.
The date of death for Mary, wife of James Cudworth is unknown. It is known she was living on December 17, 1673 but was apparently not alive in 1681 when James Cudworth wrote his will as she was not named. Her place of death as well as her burial place are unknown. A memorial stone in his honor was erected in the Men of Kent Cemetery in Scituate, Massachusetts. It reads: "A memorial to Gen. James Cudworth. We honor him as a lover of religious freedom, a brave and able commander and a true patriot"

</doc>
<doc id="36720220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720220" title="Libcom.org">
Libcom.org

Libcom.org is an online resource on left-wing anti-capitalist social movements, such as anarchism, marxism, and communism. The site includes an extensive library of almost 20,000 articles, books, pamphlets and journals; alongside a forum, blogs, and international coverage of the labour movement and class struggle. The site also acts as an archive for radical websites at risk of deletion.
Based in the United Kingdom, the site was originally founded in 2003 as "enrager.net", before changing its name to "libcom.org", a portmanteau of libertarian communism, in 2005.
According to Alexa.com rankings, Libcom.org receives primarily global traffic and is particularly popular in The United States, India, South Africa and The United Kingdom.
The site is archived for preservation by the British Library.

</doc>
<doc id="36720229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720229" title="Abbas Chahrour">
Abbas Chahrour

Abbas Chahrour (born 1 January 1972 in Lebanon), is a former Lebanese footballer. He played for Lebanese Premier League side Nejmeh from 1994 to 2003 and represented the Lebanon national football team from 1996 to 2001. He participated at the 2000 AFC Asian Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="36720233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720233" title="The Courier (Conroe newspaper)">
The Courier (Conroe newspaper)

The Courier is a daily newspaper published in Conroe, Texas, covering Montgomery County. It was owned by ASP Westward LP until 2012, when it was acquired by 10/13 Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="36720238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720238" title="Vandervis">
Vandervis

Vandervis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36720255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720255" title="Clinical commissioning group">
Clinical commissioning group

Clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) are NHS organisations set up by the Health and Social Care Act 2012 to organise the delivery of NHS services in England. 
To a certain extent they replace primary care trusts (PCTs), though some of the staff and responsibilities moved to the council Public Health teams when PCTs ceased to exist in April 2013. 
Structure and membership.
CCGs are clinically led groups that include all of the GP groups in their geographical area. The aim of this is to give GPs and other clinicians the power to influence commissioning decisions for their patients. 
CCGs will be overseen by NHS England (including its Regional Offices and Area Teams). These structures will manage primary care commissioning, including holding the NHS Contracts for GP practices NHS.
Each CCG has a constitution and is run by its governing body.
Operation.
CCGs will operate by commissioning (or buying) healthcare services including: 
Clinical commissioning groups will work with patients and healthcare professionals and in partnership with local communities and local authorities. On their governing body, Groups will have, in addition to GPs, at least one registered nurse and a doctor who is a secondary care specialist. Groups will have boundaries that are normally coterminous with those of local authorities. Clinical commissioning groups will be responsible for arranging emergency and urgent care services within their boundaries, and for commissioning services for any unregistered patients who live in their area. All GP practices must belong to a clinical commissioning group.
History.
The announcement that GPs will take over this commissioning role was made in the 2010 White Paper, "Equity and Excellence: Liberating the NHS". This is part of the Government's wider desire to create a clinically driven commissioning system that is more sensitive to the needs of patients. The 2010 White Paper became law under the Health and Social Care Act 2012 in March 2012.
At the end of March 2013 there were 211 CCGs.
Authorisation.
All CCGs had to go through an authorisation process. There were four waves of authorisation between July and December 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="36720262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720262" title="Fouad Hijazi">
Fouad Hijazi

Fouad Hijazi is a Lebanon football Midfielder who played for Lebanon in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Club Libanais, Al Talaba and Al Khoyol FC

</doc>
<doc id="36720291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720291" title="GAP waiver">
GAP waiver

GAP waiver is a type of guaranteed auto protection. The waiver part of GAP waiver is the direct arrangement or agreement between borrower and finance company. GAP waiver is designed to protect a borrower from a large unexpected unscheduled immediately due monetary amount demanded by finance company after the total loss of a vehicle where such vehicle has an outstanding financial obligation. In other words; you have a serious accident, the appraiser deems it cost effective to replace rather than repair your vehicle, and they determine actual cash value ("ACV") on such replacement minus deductible (“DED” if applicable) to be less than what is owed to finance company by you the borrower. Finance companies refer to this as the loan or lease deficiency. This deficiency is immediately due from you upon demand of the finance company unless you purchased GAP waiver (or GAP insurance). GAP waiver is direct deficiency or debt forgiveness by finance company. Although GAP waiver and GAP insurance have the same end result, are differentiated by who can offer it. GAP waiver is offered directly to borrower by finance company. Any other offering or way would be GAP insurance as it carries third party indemnification. In other words, GAP insurance and GAP waivers are conceptually different. With a GAP waiver, the lender agrees to extinguish the borrower’s financial contractual obligation under terms of the loan/lease. With GAP insurance, the contractual obligation remains but it is paid for by the insurer on the borrower’s behalf. From a borrower’s perspective, the net effect is technically the same.
In some states this optional automotive finance product is offered as GAP Waiver in some others as GAP Insurance. This is defined by each state regulations, not by dealership or insurance company election. 

</doc>
<doc id="36720314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720314" title="Vandeurzen">
Vandeurzen

Vandeurzen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36720324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720324" title="Van Deurzen">
Van Deurzen

Van Deurzen is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36720336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720336" title="Mohamed Halawi">
Mohamed Halawi

Mohamed Halawi is a retired Lebanese football midfielder who played for Lebanon in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Nejmeh, Al Ahed and Shabab Al-Sahel.

</doc>
<doc id="36720357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720357" title="Tim Jenniskens">
Tim Jenniskens

Tim Jenniskens (born 23 September 1986, Tilburg) is a Dutch field hockey player. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed with the Netherlands national field hockey team in the men's tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="36720358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720358" title="Vandeveer">
Vandeveer

Vandeveer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="36720367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720367" title="SUNY–Buffalo">
SUNY–Buffalo

SUNY–Buffalo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="36720375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720375" title="Wahid El Fattal">
Wahid El Fattal

Wahid El Fattal is a Lebanon football Goalkeeper who played for Lebanon in the 2000 Asian Cup. He also played for Al Nejmeh, Al Ahli Saida, Club Sagesse, Al-Ansar and Shabab Al-Sahel.

</doc>
<doc id="36720387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720387" title="Palas Barman">
Palas Barman

Palas Barman (b. 1 January 1929, d. 10 June 2000), an Indian politician belonging to the Revolutionary Socialist Party. He was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Balurghat West Bengal in 1977, 1980, 1984, 1989 and 1991. Barman died on June 10, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="36720399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720399" title="George Stewart Brown">
George Stewart Brown

George Stewart Brown (August 16, 1871 - November 11, 1941) was a Judge for the United States Customs Court.
Biography.
Brown was born on August 16, 1871, in Baltimore, Maryland. He received an Artium Baccalaureus degree in 1893 from Johns Hopkins University. He received a Bachelor of Laws degree in 1895 from the University of Maryland School of Law. He worked in private practice in Baltimore from 1895 to 1913. He served as a member of the Baltimore City Council from 1899 to 1907.
Federal Judicial Service.
On October 16, 1913, President Wilson nominated Brown to serve as a Member of the Board of General Appraisers, to the seat vacated by Roy Chamberlain. He was confirmed by the Senate on November 13, 1913 and received his commission the following day. On May 28, 1926, he was transferred by operation of law to the newly created United States Customs Court. He served as Chief Judge of the court from 1939 to 1940. He served on the court until his retirement on August 31, 1941. He was succeeded on the court by Judge William Purington Cole, Jr.
Death.
Brown died on November 11, 1941, in Baltimore.

</doc>
<doc id="36720404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720404" title="Maryland gubernatorial election, 1998">
Maryland gubernatorial election, 1998

The Maryland gubernatorial election of 1998 was held on November 3, 1998. Incumbent Democratic Governor Parris Glendening sought re-election. Governor Glendening emerged victorious from the Democratic primary after defeating several candidates. Former State Delegate Ellen Sauerbrey, who was the 1994 Republican nominee for Governor, ran again for Governor and won her party's nomination. The election between Glendening and Sauerbrey four years prior was extremely contentious, and ended with the Sauerbrey campaign challenging the results. Ultimately, despite the controversial nature of the previous election, Governor Glendening comfortably beat back Sauerbrey's spirited challenge, winning his second and final term as Governor.

</doc>
<doc id="36720406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720406" title="Hey Monea!">
Hey Monea!

Hey Monea! Is a Canton, Ohio-based rock band that has been together since 2005. The band consists of Dan Monea on lead vocals/guitar/piano, Nate Monea on drums/vocals, Adam Orin on bass and new member Ryan Doyle on guitar/vocals (from The band "More Than Me") 
They won a competition through an international contest sponsored by the Hard Rock Cafe to open for Bruce Springsteen in London at the 2012 Hard Rock Calling festival. The 3 day festival also had performances from Soundgarden, Paul Simon, special appearance from Paul Mcartney, John Fogerdy, Mars Volta, Tom Morello and Lady Antebellum.
The group has performed on Rock Boat XII in 2012. They shared the stage on the cruise ship with bands: Sister Hazel, Vertical Horizon, Marc Broussard, Alternative Routes, Tim Brantley, Carbon Leaf, Freddy Jones Band, Michael Tolcher, Red Wanting Blue, Tony Lucca and many other acts. 
In 2011 Hey Monea! played on the Rombello cruise. They performed with: Slightly Stoopid, Michael Franti and Spearhead, G. Love and The Special Sauce, Citizen Cope, Brett Dennen among other bands. 
Hey Monea currently has two albums out, their most recent one being Wine, "Women and Song." The album contains the single "The Ballad of Moonbeam Swiner." Their first album is called "Do You Wanna" and was under the name "Hooked On Tonics."

</doc>
<doc id="36720428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720428" title="MusicaNeo">
MusicaNeo

MusicaNeo is a global online music platform for free publishing and sale of digital sheet music and performing licenses. The platform caters for all categories of music lovers – professional composers, arrangers, teachers, conductors, text authors, editors, as well as amateur musicians.
Background.
The project was initiated and is maintained by Load.CD GmbH. This privately held company was founded by CEO Friedrich Kisters and has been operating since 2003. Main office is based in Kreuzlingen, Switzerland, but the project’s team is international: it comprises music experts, content managers and programmers. 
Back in 2003, the project started under the name of Load.CD at time when CDs were at peak. However, year 2012 saw a complete rebranding of the platform, which, above substantial technical improvements brought the change of name – MusicaNeo.
Key Features.
Currently more than 500 individual sellers are offering over 160 000 individual scores through MusicaNeo service. Every registered user is provided with a free personal website with a unique address where they can present professional and personal information, add images, articles and news, select a site design to their liking.
Users can also upload, publish and sell sheet music due to a store function, which is integrated in each personal website. Uploaders maintain the full control of their materials and author’s rights, they set the prices for music works themselves and can track the whole procedure from score download to fee pay-off. The earned money can be collected via one of the four payment methods – PayPal, WebMoney, Bank account or Cheque.
Due to the international character the platform is multilingual and supports four languages – English, German, Russian and Portuguese.
Musicians Community.
MusicaNeo has established a lively community that today reminds of a social network scheme. Its members interact with each other with the help of site’s tools for exchanging information, feedback, news, experience. Among interactive opportunities one may choose to share blog postings, publish articles and notes, receive feedback to music compositions, share site’s content in popular social networks. Besides, Community includes two additional sections – Music Jobs and Music Competitions. These features allow users to establish creative cooperation by posting job offers/vacancies and apply/post calls for various music contests that are being currently held worldwide.
Contemporary Composers Index.
The CCI (Contemporary Composers Index) is a part of MusicaNeo project. It is a global online directory of contemporary composers that currently counts almost 15,000 entries of composers of all musical genres and styles worldwide. Each entry contains basic information about a composer, such as biographical data, origin, year of birth, occupation and music genre/genres he/she is working in. Entries are free of charge and are curated by composers themselves. CCI is an open index and can be extended by anyone. Users who would like to add a new composer to the list can fill in an inquiry form online.
Ernst Levy collection.
In cooperation with the "Universitätsbibliothek Basel" (University Library of Basel, Switzerland) and Frank Ezra Levy (an acknowledged composer and cellist), MusicaNeo digitalized the works of his father – a Swiss piano prodigy and inventive composer Ernst Levy.
The entire collection – original scores and manuscripts – has been transferred into digital format and is now available for download at MusicaNeo. There are over 450 works in the catalogue.

</doc>
<doc id="36720447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720447" title="Pierre II Surette">
Pierre II Surette

Pierre II Surette (December 9, 1709 - 1789) was part of the Acadian and Wabanaki Confederacy resistance against the British Empire in Acadia. He was born in Port-Royal in 1709 and married in Grand-Pre, September 30, 1732. After the Treaty of Paris in 1763, he was released from a prison in Halifax and settled in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia.
Family.
Pierre II Surette's father Pierre was born in the diocese of La Rochelle, France in circa 1679 and was a sailor and farmer. He married Jeanne at Port-Royal (present day town of Annapolis Royal) in February 1709. They remained at Port-Royal and settled in the parish of St.-Laurent on the haute rivière, now the upper Annapolis River. He was a crew member on Englishman William Winnett's sailing vessel. He died at Port-Royal in October 1749, age 70. Jeanne died at Québec in January 1758 during Le Grand Dérangement, also at age 70. Pierre and Jeanne had nine children, all born at Port-Royal. Four of their daughters married into the Doucet, Gignac, Long, Mius, and Petitot dit Saint-Seine families. Their three sons created families of their own, but they did not remain on haute rivière: 
Oldest son Pierre II was born in December 1709 and married Catherine at Grand-Pré in September 1732 and lived at Minas before moving to Petitcoudiac.
French and Indian War.
During the French and Indian War, in late February 1756, with the Expulsion of the Acadians in full force, Pierre led a daring escape from Fort Cumberland, formerly French Fort Beauséjour, at Chignecto. Eighty Acadians escaped via a tunnel they had dug with discarded horse bones. They escaped to the woods and managed to elude the British for two years, but they paid a terrible price in doing so. 
By 1759, they had joined other Acadian refugees at Miramichi, on the Gulf of St. Lawrence shore. There, they suffered almost as much as they had done in the woods north of Chignecto. In November 1759, near Memramcook, Pierre and two other Acadian resistance leaders, Jean and Michel Bourg, surrendered to the British, but, the following spring, Pierre rejoined the resistance movement, at Restigouche on the Baie des Chaleurs. After a British force captured Restigouche in the summer of 1760, Pierre and his family were sent to a prison compound in Nova Scotia, where they were held until the end of the war. After their release, Pierre and his family decided to remain in Nova Scotia, at Chezzetcook near Halifax. They stayed there until c1770, when they moved to Ste. Anne du Ruisseau, Nova Scotia, present-day Pointe-à-Rocco, northeast of Cap-Sable.
References.
Texts
Endnotes

</doc>
<doc id="36720471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720471" title="Local television in the United Kingdom">
Local television in the United Kingdom

Licences to broadcast local television in the United Kingdom are currently being offered by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and Ofcom.
Phase 1.
In May 2012, twenty one areas were selected to invite bids for providing a local TV service:
In August 2012 fifty seven applications were received to provide these services. Bristol, Brighton and Hove, and Grimsby attracted only one bid each. Plymouth and Swansea received no bids from potential broadcasters.
The multiplexes that the stations will operate on are to be operated by Comux, owned by Canis Media.
The stations will be located on DTT channel 8 in England and Northern Ireland. Because channel 8 is already allocated in Scotland and Wales, the stations were originally given channel 45, however following the closure of Sky Sports 1, the number was channel 41, then following the closure of ESPN, the number was channel 34, then following the closure of Gold, the number was channel 26, and following the closure of Shop at Bid, the number is now channel 23.
Phase 2.
In March 2013, Ofcom announced another 30 areas selected to invite bids for local television services.

</doc>
<doc id="36720476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720476" title="Grade I listed churches in Derbyshire">
Grade I listed churches in Derbyshire

Derbyshire is a county in the East Midlands of England. The ceremonial county of Derbyshire includes the unitary authority of the city of Derby. This is a complete list of the Grade I listed churches and chapels in the ceremonial county as recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Buildings are listed by the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on the recommendation of English Heritage. Grade I listed buildings are defined as being of "exceptional interest, sometimes considered to be internationally important"; only 2.5 per cent of listed buildings are included in this grade.
Christian churches have existed in Derbyshire since the Anglo-Saxon era, and some of the Grade I listed churches have retained Saxon features. St. Wystan's Church, Repton, has a complete Anglo-Saxon crypt, and some churches have fragments of Anglo-Saxon stones incorporated in their structure, including All Saints, Aston-on-Trent, and All Saints, Bakewell. More churches contain elements of Norman architecture. The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner identified the two most important Norman churches as St Michael and St Mary, Melbourne, and All Saints, Steetley, the latter being little more than a chapel. Most of the churches in the list date from the 15th century or before, and the predominant architectural style in the list is Gothic. Only three churches in the list originate after 1600, namely St Saviour, Foremark, built in 1662, St Mary, Cromford, the building of which started in 1792, and All Saints, Hassop, built in 1816–17, and the only Neoclassical church in the list.
Derbyshire is a largely rural county, and contains much of the Peak District National Park. Past industries have included coal-mining, and quarrying of stone continues in the county. Industry is located mainly in and around Derby. The bedrock of much of the county is carboniferous limestone, with areas of sandstone and millstone Grit, these stones providing the major building materials for the churches.
References.
Citations
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="36720479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720479" title="Meridian International Center">
Meridian International Center

The Meridian International Center is a non-partisan, not-for-profit, public diplomacy organization founded in 1960 and located in Washington, D.C The organization's mission is to promote "global leadership through the exchange of ideas, people, and culture." It works closely with the U.S. Department of State and other U.S. government agencies, NGOs, international governments, and the private sector to create programs and partnership.
The organization has its headquarters headquartered in the historic Meridian House and White-Meyer House both designed by John Russell Pope Meridian is a member of the Dupont-Kalorama Museums Consortium.
History.
In 1960, Dr. Arthur A. Hauck, a member of the American Council on Education and former president of the University of Maine, worked with the Ford Foundation to purchase the Meridian House from Gertrude Laughlin Chanler to serve as headquarters of a non-profit organization called the Washington International Center.
Four additional organizations joined the Center in 1961: the Foreign Student Service Council, the Governmental Affairs Institute, the Institute of Contemporary Arts, and the Institute of International Education. The center was renamed the Meridian House Foundation, which later evolved into Meridian International Center.
Events.
The Center organizes several large events each year. The most prominent one is the Meridian Ball, which usually takes place in October.
Meridian Ball.
In 1969, Meridian launched an annual benefit to finance its growing portfolio of projects and programming. Now in its 44th year, the Meridian Ball – with associated dinners at the embassies and residences of foreign ambassadors, and Meridian’s own White-Meyer House – is considered one of the most prestigious social events in Washington, D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="36720509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720509" title="Peter St. John">
Peter St. John

Peter St. John was an American poet and schoolteacher from Norwalk, CT who supported the Patriot cause during the American Revolution.
Works.
St. John’s better-known poems included "The Death of Abel, An Historical or rather a Conjectural Poem; Relating many things which might probably take place both Before and After that Barbarous Fratricide" (1793) and "American Taxation" (1765), new lyrics set to the well-known colonial tune "The British Grenadiers".
Imprisonment.
On July 22, 1781, St. John was among forty-eight congregants captured when Tories surrounded the Congregation Church in present-day Darien, CT. St. John and the others including the church’s revered pastor Moses Mather were made to walk to Long Island Sound, where they were loaded onto a ship bound for Lloyds Neck, Long Island where they were held in cruel, filthy conditions. Thereafter, half of the prisoners, St. John included, were sent to New York were they were parade through the streets before a jeering crowd to be held in the Provost Prison as prisoners of war. St. John was imprisoned until the end of December, 1781 when was freed along with the eighteen other survivors in a prisoner exchange. The incident became the basis for St. John’s poem "Descent on Middlesex, a Poetical Relation of the Capture of the Congregation at Middlesex...with an Account of their Sufferings & c. while in captivity".

</doc>
<doc id="36720514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720514" title="Divis transmitting station">
Divis transmitting station

Divis transmitting station is the main high-power UHF and BBC National FM/DAB station that serves County Antrim and parts of County Down.
Situated just outside Belfast, it is the primary UHF/FM main station in Northern Ireland and was originally Northern Ireland's main BBC 405-line television transmitter, coming into operation in this capacity on 21 July 1955. As such, it was the first permanent television transmitter to be established within the island of Ireland.
Although one of three UHF main stations in Northern Ireland, it is the only one to feature a stayed mast, the other stations at Brougher Mountain and Limavady both utilising smaller self-supporting towers. Stayed masts are however located at the UHF relay stations at Londonderry and Strabane (respectively former BBC and ITA 405-line relays) and at Black Mountain, the former ITA 405-line main station and current transmitter of Channel 5 that is sited adjacent to Divis. It is owned and operated by Arqiva.
The Divis station is located in a range of hills directly overlooking Belfast from the west, in an area which for many years was controlled by the Ministry of Defence, until it was sold in 2004 to the National Trust and subsequently opened to the public. It is sited between the peaks of Divis Mountain and Black Mountain and is ironically closer to the latter than the transmitter that is named after it.
Television history.
Divis was opened by the BBC on 21 July 1955 as their permanent 405-line Band I transmission facility serving Northern Ireland. It superseded the temporary station at Glencairn, which was one of two transmitters (the other being Pontop Pike) to be rushed into operation on 1 May 1953, in time for the televised Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II. Although the BBC had by this time already obtained the Divis site, the need to construct the long access road was the primary factor preventing its immediate use for a provisional installation.
Divis was designated as a medium-power transmitter, on which type of installation the second phase of BBC Band I stations were based. In this respect, Divis was grouped with permanent installations at Meldrum, North Hessary Tor, Pontop Pike, Rowridge, Sandale and Tacolneston. Transmissions from Divis were on VHF Channel 1 at a peak output of 35 kW vision e.r.p.
In due course, a number of relay stations were established across Northern Ireland to enhance coverage from Divis, most notably at Brougher Mountain in County Fermanagh, the latter being the site of a future UHF main station.
In the meantime, the Independent Television Authority (ITA) built their equivalent 405-line VHF Band III station close to Divis. Located at Black Mountain quarry, less than two miles to the south-west, this came into operation on 31 October 1959 and utilised a taller 750-ft mast.
Divis however became the UHF main station for Belfast and surrounding area with BBC2 the first regular service commencing 18 March 1967. Colour UHF transmitters for BBC1 and ITV came into operation in September 1970.
Both this site and Black Mountain are perhaps not surprisingly (bearing in mind the area history) dual ring-fenced for enhanced security.
It has since been made public that the current transmitter mast (152.5 m) at Divis will be removed and replaced by a brand new guyed steel mast (192.7 m). This meant for a period of time there were two broadcast masts at the site in preparation for the digital switchover in the Ulster region which occurred in October 2012. Whilst this was certainly one of the plans, in reality a new 152m guyed mast has been constructed, and the original mast remains to carry the VHF and DAB services.
By way of its extensive transmitter bases, Divis contributes significantly to the telecommunications network for much of Northern Ireland.
Services available.
Digital television.
Digital television services broadcast on the following frequencies, and with the following powers:
Analogue television.
Analogue television services were broadcast on the following frequencies:
All of the above channels, except TG4, were broadcast at a power of 500 kW. As well as providing direct reception for most TV viewers in Northern Ireland, all the other analogue transmitters in the province source their output, either directly or indirectly, from Divis. TG4, a channel operated by a state-owned body of the Republic of Ireland, was broadcast at a very low power and not relayed to any other transmitters. Channel 5 was broadcast from the nearby Black Mountain transmitting station.
Analogue radio.
FM radio service broadcast on the following frequencies and with the following powers:
Digital radio.
DAB radio broadcasts on the following frequency:

</doc>
<doc id="36720515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720515" title="Hemmerle">
Hemmerle

Hemmerle is a German jewellery house based in Munich founded in 1893.
Background.
Anton and Joseph Hemmerle established Hemmerle in 1893, when they made medals for the Royal Bavarian Court. The Hemmerle boutique on Maximillianstrasse originally opened in 1904 and remains there today.
Hemmerle is a fourth-generation family-run house and Stefan Hemmerle, Joseph's grandson, is its creative force alongside his wife Sylveli. Christian and Yasmin Hemmerle, their son and daughter-in-law, oversee all aspects involved in Hemmerle’s design and forward direction.
Stefan Hemmerle developed a unique, avant-garde aesthetic in 1995. Conceiving a ring for the wife of a prominent Munich art collector who hated flashy jewellery, he responded to her penchant for wearing prized Berlin iron jewellery (which Germans received in exchange for donating their gold and silver jewels toward funding the War of Liberation). He set a diamond in textured iron rather than in gold or platinum. The combination of common metal with a precious stone was unusual, however the iron enhanced the diamond's beauty spearheaded a new direction for Hemmerle.
Design.
Hemmerle jewels are defined by rare gemstones like orange-pink sapphires, green diamonds or conch pearls often set in unorthodox materials such as copper, steel or wood. Their work is often described as strikingly modern and bold. Each handcrafted piece is bespoke and one-off so over 500 hours can go into the making of a single Hemmerle jewel. The family travel the world searching for materials like South China Sea Melo pearls or blue aquamarines from Brazil’s Santa Maria mines.
Hemmerle’s signature styles include the tassel earring, creating using a traditional Austrian technique of knitting together cut stones often in bright colours into invisibly stitched strands.
Hemmerle’s harmony bangle joined the permanent collection of the William and Judith Bollinger Jewellery Gallery at London’s Victoria and Albert Museum in October 2010.
In 2011 they created a book, ‘‘Delicious Jewels’’, in collaboration with the chef and author Tamasin Day-Lewis, published by Prestel.
Hemmerle's Bangle Bracelet, "Egyptian Story", 2012, joined the permanent collection of the Smithsonian Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum in New York in January 2013.
In 2014 they created a new nature inspired jewellery collection consisting of twelve brooches, two pairs of earrings, a necklace and a ring, these one-of-a-kind jewels inspired by fruits, seeds, leaves and trees. The realism and innovative use of materials in this collection captures the woodland tones of acorns, chestnuts and rose hips alongside the textures of vibrant exotic fruits such as the pomegranate and arbutus.
The collection is celebrated with the publication of a new poetry book, Nature’s Jewels. Lavishly produced in a limited edition of one-thousand, this unique selection of jewels and poems is published by the acclaimed art-book publisher MACK with poems sourced by the up-and-coming writer Greta Bellamacina.

</doc>
<doc id="36720529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=36720529" title="Chli Ruchen">
Chli Ruchen

The Chli Ruchen (2,944 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking the Brunnital south of Unterschächen in the canton of Uri. It is located between the higher Gross Ruchen on the west and the Schärhorn on the east.

</doc>
